<doc id="19194778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194778" title="Deformation (mechanics)">
Deformation (mechanics)

Deformation in continuum mechanics is the transformation of a body from a "reference" configuration to a "current" configuration. A configuration is a set containing the positions of all particles of the body. 
A deformation may be caused by external loads, body forces (such as gravity or electromagnetic forces), or temperature changes within the body.
Strain is a description of deformation in terms of "relative" displacement of particles in the body that excludes rigid-body motions. Different equivalent choices may be made for the expression of a strain field depending on whether it is defined with respect to the initial or the final configuration of the body and on whether the metric tensor or its dual is considered.
In a continuous body, a deformation field results from a stress field induced by applied forces or is due to changes in the temperature field inside the body. The relation between stresses and induced strains is expressed by constitutive equations, e.g., Hooke's law for linear elastic materials. Deformations which are recovered after the stress field has been removed are called elastic deformations. In this case, the continuum completely recovers its original configuration. On the other hand, irreversible deformations remain even after stresses have been removed. One type of irreversible deformation is plastic deformation, which occurs in material bodies after stresses have attained a certain threshold value known as the "elastic limit" or yield stress, and are the result of slip, or dislocation mechanisms at the atomic level. Another type of irreversible deformation is viscous deformation, which is the irreversible part of viscoelastic deformation.
In the case of elastic deformations, the response function linking strain to the deforming stress is the compliance tensor of the material.
Strain.
A strain is a normalized measure of deformation representing the displacement between particles in the body relative to a reference length.
A general deformation of a body can be expressed in the form formula_1 where formula_2 is the reference position of material points in the body. Such a measure does not distinguish between rigid body motions (translations and rotations) and changes in shape (and size) of the body. A deformation has units of length.
We could, for example, define strain to be
Hence strains are dimensionless and are usually expressed as a decimal fraction, a percentage or in parts-per notation. Strains measure how much a given deformation differs locally from a rigid-body deformation.
A strain is in general a tensor quantity. Physical insight into strains can be gained by observing that a given strain can be decomposed into normal and shear components. The amount of stretch or compression along material line elements or fibers is the "normal strain", and the amount of distortion associated with the sliding of plane layers over each other is the "shear strain", within a deforming body. This could be applied by elongation, shortening, or volume changes, or angular distortion.
The state of strain at a material point of a continuum body is defined as the totality of all the changes in length of material lines or fibers, the "normal strain", which pass through that point and also the totality of all the changes in the angle between pairs of lines initially perpendicular to each other, the "shear strain", radiating from this point. However, it is sufficient to know the normal and shear components of strain on a set of three mutually perpendicular directions.
If there is an increase in length of the material line, the normal strain is called "tensile strain", otherwise, if there is reduction or compression in the length of the material line, it is called "compressive strain".
Strain measures.
Depending on the amount of strain, or local deformation, the analysis of deformation is subdivided into three deformation theories:
In each of these theories the strain is then defined differently. The "engineering strain" is the most common definition applied to materials used in mechanical and structural engineering, which are subjected to very small deformations. On the other hand, for some materials, e.g. elastomers and polymers, subjected to large deformations, the engineering definition of strain is not applicable, e.g. typical engineering strains greater than 1%, thus other more complex definitions of strain are required, such as "stretch", "logarithmic strain", "Green strain", and "Almansi strain".
Engineering strain.
The Cauchy strain or engineering strain is expressed as the ratio of total deformation to the initial dimension of the material body in which the forces are being applied. The "engineering normal strain" or "engineering extensional strain" or "nominal strain" "e" of a material line element or fiber axially loaded is expressed as the change in length Δ"L" per unit of the original length "L" of the line element or fibers. The normal strain is positive if the material fibers are stretched and negative if they are compressed. Thus, we have
where formula_5 is the "engineering normal strain," formula_6 is the original length of the fiber and formula_7 is the final length of the fiber. Measures of strain are often expressed in parts per million or microstrains.
The "true shear strain" is defined as the change in the angle (in radians) between two material line elements initially perpendicular to each other in the undeformed or initial configuration. The "engineering shear strain" is defined as the tangent of that angle, and is equal to the length of deformation at its maximum divided by the perpendicular length in the plane of force application which sometimes makes it easier to calculate.
Stretch ratio.
The stretch ratio or extension ratio is a measure of the extensional or normal strain of a differential line element, which can be defined at either the undeformed configuration or the deformed configuration. It is defined as the ratio between the final length ℓ and the initial length "L" of the material line.
The extension ratio is approximately related to the engineering strain by
This equation implies that the normal strain is zero, so that there is no deformation when the stretch is equal to unity.
The stretch ratio is used in the analysis of materials that exhibit large deformations, such as elastomers, which can sustain stretch ratios of 3 or 4 before they fail. On the other hand, traditional engineering materials, such as concrete or steel, fail at much lower stretch ratios.
True strain.
The logarithmic strain ε, also called, "true strain" or "Hencky strain". Considering an incremental strain (Ludwik)
the logarithmic strain is obtained by integrating this incremental strain:
where "e" is the engineering strain. The logarithmic strain provides the correct measure of the final strain when deformation takes place in a series of increments, taking into account the influence of the strain path.
Green strain.
The Green strain is defined as:
Almansi strain.
The Euler-Almansi strain is defined as
Normal strain.
As with stresses, strains may also be classified as 'normal strain' and 'shear strain' (i.e. acting perpendicular to or along the face of an element respectively). For an isotropic material that obeys Hooke's law, a normal stress will cause a normal strain. Normal strains produce "dilations".
Consider a two-dimensional infinitesimal rectangular material element with dimensions formula_14, which after deformation, takes the form of a rhombus. From the geometry of the adjacent figure we have
and
For very small displacement gradients the squares of the derivatives are negligible and we have
The normal strain in the formula_18-direction of the rectangular element is defined by
Similarly, the normal strain in the formula_20-direction, and formula_21-direction, becomes
Shear strain.
The engineering shear strain is defined as (formula_23) the change in angle between lines formula_24 and formula_25. Therefore,
From the geometry of the figure, we have
For small displacement gradients we have
For small rotations, i.e. formula_29 and formula_30 are formula_31 we have
formula_32.
Therefore,
thus
By interchanging formula_18 and formula_20 and formula_37 and formula_38, it can be shown that formula_39
Similarly, for the formula_20-formula_21 and formula_18-formula_21 planes, we have
The tensorial shear strain components of the infinitesimal strain tensor can then be expressed using the engineering strain definition, formula_45, as
Metric tensor.
A strain field associated with a displacement is defined, at any point, by the change in length of the tangent vectors representing the speeds of arbitrarily parametrized curves passing through that point. A basic geometric result, due to Fréchet, von Neumann and Jordan, states that, if the lengths of the tangent vectors fulfil the axioms of a norm and the parallelogram law, then the length of a vector is the square root of the value of the quadratic form associated, by the polarization formula, with a positive definite bilinear map called the metric tensor.
Description of deformation.
Deformation is the change in the metric properties of a continuous body, meaning that a curve drawn in the initial body placement changes its length when displaced to a curve in the final placement. If none of the curves changes length, it is said that a rigid body displacement occurred.
It is convenient to identify a reference configuration or initial geometric state of the continuum body which all subsequent configurations are referenced from. The reference configuration need not be one the body actually will ever occupy. Often, the configuration at is considered the reference configuration, κ0(B). The configuration at the current time t is the "current configuration".
For deformation analysis, the reference configuration is identified as "undeformed configuration", and the current configuration as "deformed configuration". Additionally, time is not considered when analyzing deformation, thus the sequence of configurations between the undeformed and deformed configurations are of no interest.
The components "X""i" of the position vector X of a particle in the reference configuration, taken with respect to the reference coordinate system, are called the "material or reference coordinates". On the other hand, the components "x""i" of the position vector x of a particle in the deformed configuration, taken with respect to the spatial coordinate system of reference, are called the "spatial coordinates"
There are two methods for analysing the deformation of a continuum. One description is made in terms of the material or referential coordinates, called material description or Lagrangian description. A second description is of deformation is made in terms of the spatial coordinates it is called the spatial description or Eulerian description.
There is continuity during deformation of a continuum body in the sense that:
Affine deformation.
A deformation is called an affine deformation if it can be described by an affine transformation. Such a transformation is composed of a linear transformation (such as rotation, shear, extension and compression) and a rigid body translation. Affine deformations are also called homogeneous deformations.
Therefore an affine deformation has the form
where formula_48 is the position of a point in the deformed configuration, formula_2 is the position in a reference configuration, formula_50 is a time-like parameter, formula_51 is the linear transformer and formula_52 is the translation. In matrix form, where the components are with respect to an orthonormal basis,
The above deformation becomes "non-affine" or "inhomogeneous" if formula_54 or formula_55.
Rigid body motion.
A rigid body motion is a special affine deformation that does not involve any shear, extension or compression. The transformation matrix formula_51 is proper orthogonal in order to allow rotations but no reflections.
A rigid body motion can be described by
where
In matrix form,
Displacement.
A change in the configuration of a continuum body results in a displacement. The displacement of a body has two components: a rigid-body displacement and a deformation. A rigid-body displacement consist of a simultaneous translation and rotation of the body without changing its shape or size. Deformation implies the change in shape and/or size of the body from an initial or undeformed configuration formula_60 to a current or deformed configuration formula_61 (Figure 1).
If after a displacement of the continuum there is a relative displacement between particles, a deformation has occurred. On the other hand, if after displacement of the continuum the relative displacement between particles in the current configuration is zero, then there is no deformation and a rigid-body displacement is said to have occurred.
The vector joining the positions of a particle "P" in the undeformed configuration and deformed configuration is called the displacement vector in the Lagrangian description, or in the Eulerian description.
A "displacement field" is a vector field of all displacement vectors for all particles in the body, which relates the deformed configuration with the undeformed configuration. It is convenient to do the analysis of deformation or motion of a continuum body in terms of the displacement field. In general, the displacement field is expressed in terms of the material coordinates as
or in terms of the spatial coordinates as
where α"Ji" are the direction cosines between the material and spatial coordinate systems with unit vectors E"J" and e"i", respectively. Thus
and the relationship between "u""i" and "U""J" is then given by
Knowing that
then
It is common to superimpose the coordinate systems for the undeformed and deformed configurations, which results in , and the direction cosines become Kronecker deltas:
Thus, we have
or in terms of the spatial coordinates as
Displacement gradient tensor.
The partial differentiation of the displacement vector with respect to the material coordinates yields the "material displacement gradient tensor" formula_71. Thus we have:
where formula_72 is the "deformation gradient tensor".
Similarly, the partial differentiation of the displacement vector with respect to the spatial coordinates yields the "spatial displacement gradient tensor" formula_73. Thus we have,
Examples of deformations.
Homogeneous (or affine) deformations are useful in elucidating the behavior of materials. Some homogeneous deformations of interest are
Plane deformations are also of interest, particularly in the experimental context.
Plane deformation.
A plane deformation, also called "plane strain", is one where the deformation is restricted to one of the planes in the reference configuration. If the deformation is restricted to the plane described by the basis vectors formula_74, the deformation gradient has the form
In matrix form,
From the polar decomposition theorem, the deformation gradient, up to a change of coordinates, can be decomposed into a stretch and a rotation. Since all the deformation is in a plane, we can write
where formula_78 is the angle of rotation and formula_79,formula_80 are the principal stretches.
Isochoric plane deformation.
If the deformation is isochoric (volume preserving) then formula_81 and we
have
Alternatively,
Simple shear.
A simple shear deformation is defined as an isochoric plane deformation in which there are a set of line elements with a given reference orientation that do not change length and orientation during the deformation.
If formula_84 is the fixed reference orientation in which line elements do not deform during the deformation then formula_85 and formula_86.
Therefore,
Since the deformation is isochoric,
Define formula_89. Then, the deformation gradient in simple shear can be expressed as
Now,
Since formula_92 we can also write the deformation gradient as

</doc>
<doc id="19194799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194799" title="Langley Park (Langley Park, Maryland)">
Langley Park (Langley Park, Maryland)

Langley Park, also known as McCormick-Goodhart Mansion, is a Georgian Revival style estate mansion in Langley Park, Prince George's County, Maryland. In 1924, the McCormick-Goodhart family erected a , 28-room Georgian Revival mansion, designed by architect George Oakley Totten, Jr., at a cost of $100,000 that remains a community landmark on 15th Ave.
"Langley Park" references the estate established in 1923, by the McCormick-Goodhart family in the Chillum District of Prince George's County, Maryland. They named the estate Langley Park after the Goodhart's ancestral home in England, Langley Fields. Frederick Goodheart's wife was Henrietta Laura McCormick, daughter of Leander J. McCormick (1819–1900) who was a founder of what became International Harvester. The estate also included the local historic landmark, the Adelphi Mill. During the late-1940s and early 1950s the estate was subdivided and developed as a planned community containing low-rise apartments, semi-detached and single family homes; and a major regional shopping area. It was acquired in 1947 from the McCormick-Goodhart family by the Eudist Order for use as a seminary. The seminary operated until 1963. The mansion then operated until the early 1990s as Willowbrook Montessori School. The mansion reopened in 2010 after a $13.8 million project as a multicultural service center operated by CASA of Maryland.
This property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 29, 2008. It is the ninth property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19194846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194846" title="Powerlifting at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Powerlifting at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Powerlifting at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of ten men's events.
Medal table.
Forty-five other counties also competed in this sport.

</doc>
<doc id="19194857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194857" title="Ray Riling">
Ray Riling

Raymond "Ray" Riling (1896-1974), a Philadelphia builder and arms collector, was an important arms book collector, dealer, author and publisher from the 1940s into the 1970s.
Riling's annotated bibliography "Guns and Shooting," New York: Greenberg, 1951, although issued and reprinted (in 1982) in limited editions (of 1,500 and 500, respectively), remains in wide use as the standard reference in the out-of-print arms book trade. It contains over three thousand numbered and chronologically-arranged descriptions of books related to small arms from the fifteenth century through 1950, as well as several other useful lists. Similarly, his "Powder Flask Book" (1953) is the standard reference in the collecting field of later antique American powder flasks . Riling's wife, Beatrice Davis Riling (1904-1962), collaborated on these works.
The Ray Riling Arms Book Co. no longer remains in the mail order business. 

</doc>
<doc id="19194886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194886" title="Justifiers">
Justifiers

The Justifiers are fictional foot soldiers in the DC Comics universe. They first appeared in "Forever People" #3 (June 1971), and were created by Jack Kirby.
Fictional character biography.
The Justifiers are warriors sometimes used as militaristic forces in the legions of Apokolips, powered by nothing supposedly but the Anti-Life Equation itself. They are brainwashed people who were given Apokoliptian armor and weaponry. The brainwashing is usually accomplished by Glorious Godfrey. In their first appearance, the Justifiers were used to help Darkseid track down the Forever People.
Final Crisis.
The Justifiers appear as foot soldiers of Boss Dark Side. Some were even seen with Libra when he formed the Secret Society of Super Villains. The Human Flame was also turned into one, by having a Justifier helmet - which constantly repeats the Anti-Life Equation through a speaker inside it - forced on his head. When Lex Luthor attempted to overthrow Libra, the Justifiers (including Human Flame) surrounded him as Libra makes his final offer to Lex: swear an oath to Darkseid or be turned into a Justifier. Killer Croc, Black Lightning, someone that looks like Captain Cold, Donna Troy, Gorilla Grodd, Green Arrow, Ice, Man-Bat, Silver Swan, Starfire, and Typhoon are among the several high-ranked metahuman heroes and villains that have been turned into Justifiers. They are later said to be literally at the door of the compound hiding the President of the United States. As it turns out, the updated Justifier helmets are a blend between Apokoliptian technology and the Mad Hatter's mind control devices. Hatter's technology proves to be Libra's undoing: after being forced to watch his daughter be transformed into a Justifier, Doctor Sivana teams up with Lex Luthor to deactivate the helmets with a simple modification of the circuitry in his watch, and then gives Luthor control of the Justifiers, stating Hatter's devices to be archaic in comparison to his own technologies. Lex Luthor then uses the Justifiers to attack the Female Furies. The heroes (and presumably the villains also) were freed from Darkseid's control when Wonder Woman (freed from her mental conditioning) wrapped her lasso around Darkseid and it disrupted the control of the Anti-Life Equation. Those that were turned into Justifiers are now free.
Powers and abilities.
The Justifiers have no powers of their own, but they use weapons that are powered by the Anti-Life Equation.

</doc>
<doc id="19194897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194897" title="Matt Meng">
Matt Meng

Matthew T. Meng (born January 18, 1952) is a long-time environmental and conservation policy advocate and community leader in Nassau and Suffolk Counties on Long Island. He declared as the Democratic nominee in the February 9, 2010 runoff election to fill the New York Assembly seat recently vacated by Rob Walker. He unsuccessfully ran in 2008 as the Democratic candidate for New York State Senate in the 5th District. He ran against Republican incumbent Carl Marcellino who has served as Senator since a special election in 1995. 
Meng, a native Long Islander, grew up in Roslyn Estates, New York. He is the owner and operator of The Little Garage, a 34 year old BMW specialty shop in Huntington, New York. Meng and his wife, Claire-Louise, have three children, Cristina, Marie-Louise, and Kathryn.

</doc>
<doc id="19194919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194919" title="Stylidium perplexum">
Stylidium perplexum

Stylidium perplexum is a species of triggerplant that is endemic to south-west Western Australia. It is a tuberous species that has many stems and has been described as "somewhat shrubby" at 15-40 cm tall. The linear leaves can be 2 cm long and are arranged around the stem in a rosette at the stem apices. The 8–19 cm tall scapes bear 6 to 14 flowers that are white with purple accents and corolla lobes that are laterally paired and 4-6 mm long.
"S. perplexum" was first collected by Graham S. McCutcheon in 1983, but was initially identified as "S. fasciculatum". Juliet Wege discovered the specimen at the Western Australian Herbarium (PERTH) and then relocated McCutcheon's original collection site in November 2007. The only known location of this species is on the Whicher Scarp, near Dardanup. It grows in lateritic soils among "Eucalyptus marginata" and "Corymbia haematoxylon" woodlands. It flowers in November and December.
Wege published the formal description of this species in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19194934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194934" title="Tassie Cameron">
Tassie Cameron

Tassie Cameron is a Gemini Award-winning Canadian screenwriter who has contributed to numerous television shows and films. She is currently the head writer and executive producer on the ABC/Global Television Network series "Rookie Blue". She was a story editor and writer on CTV'S ""; an executive story editor and writer for two seasons of CTV's prime-time drama "The Eleventh Hour" (for which she co-won the Gemini for Best Writing with Semi Chellas); and a writer and story editor on CBC's "Tom Stone". In 2007, she adapted Margaret Atwood's "The Robber Bride" into a television movie. Cameron also co-wrote with Esta Spalding the acclaimed CTV mini-series "Would Be Kings", garnering them a Gemini nomination.
She spent eight years in New York working in independent film and at HBO television. She has a Bachelors degree in English from the University of Trinity College of the University of Toronto, Masters degree in film from New York University, and is a graduate of the Canadian Film Centre in Toronto. She spent her formative years at Elmwood School an all-girls school in Rockcliffe Park, Ottawa. She is the daughter of journalist Stevie Cameron and she has also worked as a screenwriting instructor at the Humber School for Writers.

</doc>
<doc id="19194989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194989" title="Belvidere Café, Motel, and Gas Station">
Belvidere Café, Motel, and Gas Station

Belvidere Café, Motel and Gas Station is a historic building in Litchfield, Illinois along Route 66. The site also has a residence and two motel units.
History.
In 1929, Albina and Vincenzo Cerolla built a one-room, frame gas station with a single pump to serve motorists on Route 66. The station also sold motor oil and other automobile accessories and necessities. The station operated under a lease as part of the Johnson Oil Refining Company of Chicago. In 1936, they expanded with a new brick gas station, a café, four motel rooms with individual automobile garages, and a small house for the owners. The restaurant was known as Cerolla's Café.
Edith, the daughter of the Cerollas, and her husband Lester "Curly" Kranich continued the business after the death of Edith's parents. The Kraniches demolished the original house on the property in the 1950s and built a new one with a garage. They also expanded the motel at this time, adding two identical wings. The Kraniches also had to reorient the entrances when a new four-lane bypass opened on the other side of the property in the 1940s.
The construction of Interstate 55 in the 1970s would mark the end of the once-thriving family business by diverting highway traffic westward. The café closed in 1971. The Kraniches retired in 1975, closing the facility. The café, motel, and gas station buildings were kept in relatively good condition but were used primarily for storage. The property sits largely vacant; the buildings are for sale. The current owner occasionally rents a room in one of the wings.

</doc>
<doc id="19195002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195002" title="Paul Taylor (choreographer)">
Paul Taylor (choreographer)

Paul Taylor (born July 29, 1930) is widely considered to be one of the foremost American choreographers of the 20th century.
Paul Taylor is among the last living members of the second generation of America’s modern dance artists. He has continued to win acclaim for his recent creations as well as stagings of his earlier works. As prolific as ever, he may propel his dancers through space for the sheer beauty of it, or use them to wordlessly illuminate war, spirituality, sexuality, morality and mortality. If, as Balanchine said, there are no mothers-in-law in ballet, there certainly are dysfunctional families, disillusioned idealists, imperfect religious leaders, angels and insects in Taylor's dances.
In the 1950s, when Taylor’s work was so cutting-edge that it often sent confused audience members flocking to the exits, Martha Graham dubbed him the "naughty boy" of dance. In the 1960s he shocked the cognoscenti by setting his trailblazing modern movement to music composed 200 years earlier, and he inflamed the establishment by lampooning America’s most treasured icons. In the 1970s he put incest center stage and revealed the primitive nature lurking just below men's and women’s sophisticated veneer. In the 1980s he looked unflinchingly at marital rape and intimacy among men at war. In the 1990s he warned against religious zealotry and blind conformity to authority. In the first decade of the new millennium he condemned American imperialism, poked fun at feminism and looked death square in the face. And yet, while his work has largely been iconoclastic, Taylor has also made some of the most purely romantic, most astonishingly athletic, and downright funniest dances ever put on stage.
Early life and education.
Taylor was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and he grew up in and around Washington, DC. He was a swimmer and student of painting at Syracuse University in the late 1940s. Upon discovering dance through books at the school library, he transferred to Juilliard, where he earned a B.S. degree in dance in 1953 under director Martha Hill.
Career.
In 1954 he assembled a small company of dancers and began making his own works. A commanding performer despite his late start, he joined the Martha Graham Dance Company in 1955 for the first of seven seasons as soloist while continuing to choreograph on his own small troupe. In 1959 he was invited by Balanchine to be a guest artist with New York City Ballet.
Hailed for uncommon musicality and catholic taste, Taylor has set dances to an eclectic mix that includes Ragtime, Rock, Tango, Tin Pan Alley and Barbershop Quartets; Medieval masses, Renaissance dances, baroque concertos, classical symphonies, and scores by Debussy, Cage, Feldman, Ligeti and Pärt; telephone time announcements, loon calls, and laughter. While he has covered a breathtaking range of topics, recurring themes have included the natural world and man’s place within it; love and sexuality in all gender combinations; life, death, and what may follow; and iconic moments in American history. His poignant looks at soldiers, those who send them into battle, and those they leave behind prompted The New York Times to hail him as “among the great war poets.”
Taylor’s first choreographic triumph was the slyly funny "3 Epitaphs" in 1956. He captivated dancegoers in 1962 with his virile grace in the landmark "Aureole," cheekily set not to contemporary music but to a baroque score as Junction had been the year before. He struck chords again with the apocalyptic "Scudorama" – intended to be as dark as Aureole was sunny – and the controversial "From Sea to Shining Sea" and "Big Bertha". After retiring as a performer in 1974, Taylor devoted himself fully to choreography, setting movement exclusively on bodies other than his own. A string of masterpieces followed, beginning immediately with "Esplanade" and including "Cloven Kingdom", "Dust", "Airs", "Mercuric Tidings", "Le Sacre du Printemps (The Rehearsal)", "Arden Court", "Last Look", "Musical Offering", "Syzygy", "Speaking in Tongues", "Company B", "Eventide", "Piazzolla Caldera", "Black Tuesday", "Promethean Fire", VBanquet of Vultures" and "Beloved Renegade".
Taylor has influenced dozens of men and women who have gone on to choreograph, often on their own troupes. He has worked closely with such outstanding artists as Robert Rauschenberg, Jasper Johns, Ellsworth Kelly, Alex Katz, Tharon Musser, Thomas Skelton, Gene Moore, John Rawlings, William Ivey Long, Jennifer Tipton, Santo Loquasto and Matthew Diamond. And as the subject of the documentary, Dancemaker, and author of the autobiography Private Domain and Wall Street Journal essay Why I Make Dances, he has shed light on the mysteries of the creative process as few artists ever have. He remains among the most sought-after choreographers working today, commissioned by ballet companies and presenting organizations the world over.
Taylor has received every important honor given to artists in the United States. In 1992 he was a recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors and received an Emmy Award for Speaking in Tongues, produced by WNET/New York the previous year. He was awarded the National Medal of Arts by President Clinton in 1993. In 1995 he received the Algur H. Meadows Award for Excellence in the Arts and was named one of 50 prominent Americans honored in recognition of their outstanding achievement by the Library of Congress’s Office of Scholarly Programs. He is the recipient of three Guggenheim Fellowships and honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degrees from California Institute of the Arts, Connecticut College, Duke University, The Juilliard School, Skidmore College, the State University of New York at Purchase, Syracuse University and Adelphi University. Awards for lifetime achievement include a MacArthur Foundation Fellowship – often called the “genius award” – and the Samuel H. Scripps American Dance Festival Award. Other awards include the New York State Governor's Arts Award and the New York City Mayor's Award of Honor for Art and Culture. In 1989 Taylor was elected one of ten honorary American members of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters.
Having been elected to knighthood by the French government as Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in 1969 and elevated to Officier in 1984 and Commandeur in 1990, Taylor was awarded France’s highest honor, the Légion d’Honneur, for exceptional contributions to French culture, in 2000.
"Private Domain", originally published by Alfred A. Knopf and re-released by North Point Press and later by the University of Pittsburgh Press, was nominated by the National Book Critics Circle as the most distinguished biography of 1987. Dancemaker, Matthew Diamond’s award-winning, Oscar-nominated feature-length film about Taylor, was hailed by Time as "perhaps the best dance documentary ever."
Many of his pieces and movements have a reason behind them. Some movements are related for his love of insects and the way they move. Other movements are influenced by his love of swimming.
Paul Taylor Dance Company.
The choreographer’s works, now totaling 136, are performed by the world-renowned, 16-member Paul Taylor Dance Company, the chamber-sized Taylor 2, and ballet companies throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19195035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195035" title="Omir Santos">
Omir Santos

Omir Santos Rios (born April 29, 1981) is a professional baseball catcher with the Pittsburgh Pirates organization. Santos has played for the Baltimore Orioles, the New York Mets, the Detroit Tigers, and the Cleveland Indians.
Career.
He attended East Central College in Union, Missouri. The New York Yankees drafted Santos in the 21st round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft, but he made his major league debut in 2008 for the Baltimore Orioles. In January 2009, he signed a minor league contract with the New York Mets. After not playing in 2010 Santos left to sign with the Detroit Tigers.
Baltimore Orioles.
In September Omir Santos was called up from the Norfolk tides and was giving number 67. Santos played in 11 games and had 10 at-bats, recording one hit. In that season he caught nine games, starting three.
New York Mets.
On April 17, 2009, Santos was called up to the Mets to replace the injured Brian Schneider after starting the season with the AAA Buffalo Bisons.
On April 27, 2009, Santos hit his first career home run, a grand slam off the Florida Marlins Aníbal Sánchez. It was the first grand slam hit in Citi Field. The home run also produced his first career RBI.
On May 23, 2009, Santos hit a two-run go-ahead home run off Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon at Fenway Park in the ninth inning with two outs, which was the difference maker in the game.
On May 29, 2009, against the Florida Marlins, he hit a game-tying home run in the fifth inning and a game-winning single in the bottom of the 11th. Soon after the game, the Mets traded their other backup catcher Ramón Castro to the Chicago White Sox for pitcher Lance Broadway, ensuring that Santos stayed with the team as the backup catcher to Brian Schneider.
On November 25, 2009, Santos was named on the 51st annual Topps All-Star Rookie team. Santos finished the season with seven home runs, 40 runs batted in, 73 hits and a .260 average.
On February 20, 2010, the Mets signed catcher Rod Barajas to a Major League deal. With Henry Blanco serving as the backup catcher, Santos began the season in the minor leagues. 
On March 7, 2010, Santos hit an inside-the-park grand slam in spring training. 
On June 4, 2010, the Mets called up Santos to back up the backup catcher Henry Blanco who was a "bit banged up". He was optioned back to the minors on June 7.
On November 10, 2010, Santos refused his minor league assignment and became a free agent.
Detroit Tigers.
During the 2010 MLB Winter Meetings, Santos signed a minor league contract with the Detroit Tigers. He was promoted to the Tigers on April 19 and was given number 18 to fill in for injured backup catcher Victor Martínez. On April 19 against the Seattle Mariners Santos got a pinch hit single. The next day he got the start were he went 0 for 4 and caught nine innings. Santos was recalled again in August to replace Miguel Cabrera who was attending the birth of his child. The Tigers used Cabrera's paternity leave as an opportunity for Santos to catch a game in place of Alex Avila, who had started the previous 18 games. Regular backup catcher Víctor Martínez had been limited to designated hitter due to injury.
After being outrighted to Triple-A in 2011, Santos was given an invitation to spring training as a non-roster player. He did not make the opening day roster, but was called up to the Tigers on May 30, 2012 after injuries to Alex Avila and Gerald Laird. On June 2, 2012, Omir Santos had a walk-off sacrifice fly to beat the New York Yankees.
On June 6, 2012, Santos was designated for assignment. On June 8, 2012 Santos declined the minor league assignment and became a free agent.
Colorado Rockies.
On June 13, 2012 Santos signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies. 
Cleveland Indians.
On February 5, 2013 Santos signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians. Santos started the 2013 season with the Triple-A Columbus Clippers, and was called up to the Indians on April 9, 2013. He appeared in one game for the Indians before being optioned back to Columbus a week later. On July 14, Santos was outrighted off the 40-man roster to Columbus.
Santos declared free agency on October 3, 2013.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Santos signed a minor league deal with the Pittsburgh Pirates on February 7, 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="19195060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195060" title="One (Ida Corr album)">
One (Ida Corr album)

One is the international debut album by Danish singer Ida Corr and a compilation of songs from her previously released studio albums "Streetdiva" and "Robosoul". Ida wrote or co-wrote almost all songs on the album, she also co-produced some of the songs.
The album has been released in Scandinavia on March 17, 2008 as a two-disc version, which includes the album itself and a CD with remixes of her biggest hit "Let Me Think About It". On August 26, 2008 it was released in the United States (the main album only, with a slightly altered track list). On January 13, 2009 a release in Russia through the label Soyuz followed. The album was released in Germany on October 30, 2009 through Ministry of Sound, little over a month after the release of the single "I Want You". Ida Corr plans to release "One" in more countries, before she releases a new album in late 2009.
Singles.
The following songs from the album had been radio singles in Denmark between 2004 and 2007 and were taken from the albums "Streetdiva" (2005) and "Robosoul" (2006): "U Make Me Wanna", "Make Them Beg", "Country Girl", "Late Night Bimbo" and "Lonely Girl". The Fedde Le Grand remix of "Let Me Think About It" was released 6 months before "One" came out. The second single "Ride My Tempo" has been released in February 2008 in Denmark and Sweden.
Track listings.
Scandinavian edition.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19195062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195062" title="Musashi Kyūryō National Government Park">
Musashi Kyūryō National Government Park

Features.
The park provides a variety of opportunities for outdoor activities and takes days to fully explore the entire park grounds. The park features bike trails, walking paths, flower and herb gardens, athletic grounds, nature walks, a cross-country running course, a marathon course, an orienteering course, a disk golf course, off-leash areas for dogs and ropes courses for children. Picnic grounds and restaurants are also available. With reservations, a variety of educational activities for outdoors are also offered by volunteering staff.

</doc>
<doc id="19195063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195063" title="Sailing at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Sailing at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Sailing at the 1996 Summer Paralympics consisted of one event, mixed crewboat. Because sailing was being contested as a demonstration sport, and not an official part of the Paralympic program, but medals were awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="19195070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195070" title="Python Anghelo">
Python Anghelo

Python Vladimir Anghelo is a graphic artist best known for his work on video games and pinball machines. Anghelo was born in Transylvania, Romania, and moved to the United States when he was 17. After studying art and animation in Romania and the US, he worked as an animator for Disney until 1979. He then moved to Williams Electronics to create the artwork for Joust, taking a 50% pay cut in the process because he believed video games had more potential than traditional animation. He continued to work for Williams (and, later, Midway Games after they merged with Williams) for 15 years until 1994, when his most ambitious project, The Pinball Circus, was shelved. In 1994 he left Williams for Capcom and designed one game for them entitled "Flipper Football". He was in the process of designing his second Capcom game, an erotic pinball game entitled "Zingy Bingy", when Capcom closed down their pinball division.
Anghelo currently works at Bay Tek Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19195080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195080" title="Alfredo Simón">
Alfredo Simón

Alfredo Simón Cabrera (born May 8, 1981) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher with the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball. From 2001 through part of 2004 he pitched under the name Carlos Cabrera.
Professional career.
Minor leagues.
Philadelphia Phillies.
Simón was signed on July 9, 1999, by the Philadelphia Phillies. He originally signed under the name Carlos Cabrera, and he pretended to be 21 months younger than he really was. He made his professional debut in 2000 for the La Vega Phillies in the Dominican Summer League. In 2004, the Phillies found out his real name and age.
San Francisco Giants.
Shortly after that, he was traded with Ricky Ledée to the San Francisco Giants for Felix Rodríguez.
Simón was assigned to the A Advanced San Jose Giants. He got off to a bad start, posting a 5.68 ERA in 6 starts while going 1–2. His next season, he was promoted to the AA Norwich Navigators. He started for only part of the year, and closed for most of the season, posting a 5.03 ERA in 43 games (9 starts). In 2006, he started the season at San Jose but was promoted to the AAA Fresno Grizzlies. Following the season he filed for free agency.
Texas Rangers.
On November 3, 2006, Simón signed with the Texas Rangers. In December, the Baltimore Orioles drafted him in the Rule 5 draft. On the same day, the Orioles traded him back to the Philadelphia Phillies for Adam Donachie and cash.
On March 17, 2007, the Phillies returned Simón to the Rangers. Simón pitched as a starter for the AAA Oklahoma RedHawks. He had a bad year, going 5–10 with a 6.43 ERA in 22 starts. Following the season, he filed for free agency.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
On January 10, 2008, he signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers. He was released on March 30, before the season started.
Mexican League.
After being released, Simón signed with the independent Sultanes de Monterrey of the Mexican League. He pitched very well with them, going 7–2 with a 2.67 ERA in 15 games (11 starts). During the season, he was signed by the Baltimore Orioles.
Major leagues.
Baltimore Orioles (2008-12).
The Orioles originally assigned Simón to the AAA Norfolk Tides, but they called him up very quickly. On September 6, he finally made his major league debut. He finished 2008 having posted a 6.23 ERA in four games (1 start), but he earned no decisions. In 2009, after a strong spring training performance, he was named to the Orioles' starting rotation. However, he was injured in only his second start of the year, and wound up having to miss the rest of the year after undergoing Tommy John surgery.
Simón failed to make the Orioles out of spring training in 2010, but on April 27, the Orioles promoted Simón from AAA Norfolk. The very same day, he became the Orioles' closer (due to bad pitching and a subsequent injury to Mike Gonzalez), and he notched his first save against the New York Yankees. He pitched an inning and gave up 2 unearned runs. Coincidentally, the Yankees were the same team Simón earned his first decision against. Simón converted his first 5 save opportunities before blowing one against the Cleveland Indians on May 15. Through the 2010 season, Simón converted 17 of 21 save opportunities. After blowing a save on August 9, 2010, Simón did not receive another save opportunity that season as Koji Uehara was used most regularly in the role.
On May 21, 2011, Simón was activated from the restricted list. Jason Berken was sent down to make room.
Cincinnati Reds (2012-Present).
On April 3, 2012 The Cincinnati Reds claimed Simón off waivers from the Orioles.
Involuntary manslaughter allegations.
In January 2011, Simón allegedly shot and killed Michel Castillo Almonte and wounded his 17-year-old brother during a New Year's Eve celebration in Luperón, Dominican Republic. Simón denied the allegations. Police then announced their intention to file involuntary manslaughter charges. In March 2011, Simón posted bail. He pitched for the Baltimore Orioles AAA minor league affiliate. On November 8, 2011, Simon was acquitted of involuntary manslaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19195082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195082" title="1972 Chatham Cup">
1972 Chatham Cup

The 1972 Chatham Cup was the 45th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run on a regional basis, with the National League teams receiving a bye until the later stages of the competition. In all, 99 teams took part in the competition. Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article. 
The final saw the end of a Chatham Cup era, being the last final to be held at the Basin Reserve until 1980. The Basin Reserve had been the host of every final since 1928.
The 1972 final.
The 1972 final was a marathon effort, unprecedented and unequalled in Chatham Cup history. In the days before penalty shoot-outs replays were played if scores were level after extra time. The 1972 final required not one, but two replays, with the first of these being held in Christchurch (the first time that city had been host to a final match). The total aggregate of 13 goals across the three matches was a record for a final - indeed the eight goals in the first match equalled the previous record. In the first match, Christchurch United's Graham Dacombe became the first player to score four goals in one final since John Donovan in 1958. All three matches were refereed by R.W. Harries.
The first match was played in typical windy conditions at Wellington. United played with the wind in the first spell and should have had the lead early on when Mount keeper Kevin Curtin appeared to step back across his goal-line when holding onto a Vic Pollard cross. The referee turned down their appeal and the goal was not given. United were soon to gain the lead, however, with the first of Dacombe's four strikes. Two goals from penalties for the Mount, both taken by Ron Armstrong, followed before Dacombe restored the balance. In the second half Brian Turner put Mount Wellington into the lead for a second time, only for Dacombe to again level before the final whistle. In extra time it was United who took the lead for a second occasion, and it required a late Earle Thomas equaliser to send the tie to a second game.
The second match was played on Christchurch United's territory at English Park, the first time a final had ever been played outsider the North Island. Compared with the first match it was a dour game, with only one goal a piece and nowhere near the first tie's excitement. Dennis Tindall opened the scoring for Mount Wellington, and the only other goal of the game was the equaliser from Ian Park.
The third bout took place at Mount Wellington's Newmarket Park ground, and finally it produced a result. Alan Park opened the scoring for United before the interval, followed in the second spell by Alan Marley. Armstrong pulled one back — again from the penalty spot — but that was the last of the scoring. There were vociferous protest from the Mount when substitute Dave Taylor had a late effort disallowed, but in the minds of many this was poetic justice for Pollard's denied effort in the first match.

</doc>
<doc id="19195098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195098" title="Dipleura">
Dipleura

Dipleura is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the middle Devonian in what is now the United States. It was described by Green in 1832, and the type species is "Dipleura dekayi". The type locality was in the Hamilton Group in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19195103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195103" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2003">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2003

There were twenty number-one albums in 2003, including "Hijas del Tomate", the debut album by Spanish trio Las Ketchup; and "Mambo Sinuendo", a collaboration between Ry Cooder and Manuel Galban, which won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album later in the year. Mexican singer-songwriter Marco Antonio Solís became the first performer to peak at number one 4 times in the same calendar year: twice as the lead member of Los Bukis and twice as a solo artist with "La Historia Continúa..." and "Tu Amor o Tu Desprecio". Ranchero performer Pepe Aguilar debuted at number two on the chart on April 12, 2003 with "Y Tenerte Otra Vez" and the following week climbed to number one.
"Un Día Normal", by Colombian performer Juanes, reached the top spot of the chart on its 68th week, 17 days after it won the Latin Grammy Award for Album of the Year. Mexican singer Luis Miguel released his 16th studio album, "33", which became his fifth number-one set, while fellow Mexican norteño music band Los Tigres del Norte peaked at the top of this chart for the fourth time (out of 13 releases) with '. Ricky Martin's "Almas del Silencio" debuted within the Top 40 in twelve countries, received a Latin Grammy nomination and also debuted at number one on the Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Puerto Rican performer Ednita Nazario peaked at number one for the first time with her 20th album, "Por Tí". Bronco's "Siempre Arriba" also spent one week at the top, replacing fellow Mexican performers Los Tigres del Norte on August 9, 2003. A.B. Quintanilla with Kumbia Kings, Intocable and Los Temerarios were the only performers to hit the top spot twice in 2003. Cuban salsa performer Celia Cruz, who died on July 16, 2003, debuted at number one on the chart and won the Grammy Award for Best Salsa/Merengue Album with her last recording "Regalo del Alma".

</doc>
<doc id="19195120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195120" title="1982 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1982 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1982 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title open to Group C Touring Cars. It began on 18 February 1982 at Sandown Raceway and ended on 16 May at Oran Park Raceway after eight rounds. The title, which was the 23rd Australian Touring Car Championship, was won by defending champion Dick Johnson, driving a Ford XD Falcon.
Peter Brock had actually scored more points than Johnson throughout the championship in his Holden Dealer Team Commodores (both the VC and VH SS models). However, the use of not yet homologated engine heads on the cars saw him disqualified from all but two rounds of the championship. The matter between CAMS and the HDT ended in court with Brock agreeing to the loss of points and the championship.
Allan Moffat's win in Round 5 at Lakeside was the first ever ATCC win by a Mazda with their RX-7 model.
Under 3000cc class competitor Bob Holden finished second in the championship. Though he would finish no higher than 8th outright in any race, consistent class wins and placings and the bonus points that came with them saw him finish second on 36 points, 21 behind Johnson and 5 points in front of both Moffat and the Channel 9 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 of Kevin Bartlett.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers competed in the 1982 Australian Touring Car Championship. 
Race Calendar.
The 1982 Australian Touring Car Championship was contested over an eight round series. The Sandown round was contested over two parts and all other rounds were contested as single races.
"Note: Brock was excluded from Calder and lost all points from Oran Park to Surfers Paradise, however kept the Oran Park win."
Classes.
Cars competed in two engine capacity classes:
Note:Mazda RX-7s fitted with bridge port engines competed in the Up to and including 3000cc class and those fitted with peripheral port engines were re-classified into the 3001 to 6000cc class.
Points system.
Championship points were awarded on a 9–6–4–3–2–1 basis to the first six placegetters in each class at each round. Bonus points were awarded on a 4–3–2–1 basis to the first four placegetters, irrespective of class, at each round. Results from seven of the eight rounds could be retained by each driver.
Championship results.
Note: Round results indicate outright round placings, not class placings.

</doc>
<doc id="19195122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195122" title="Distyrax">
Distyrax

Distyrax is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now Greenland. It was described by Lane in 1988, and the type species is "Distyrax peeli". It also contains the species, "Distyrax cooperi". The type locality was the Odins Fjord Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19195158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195158" title="The Oxbow (Connecticut River)">
The Oxbow (Connecticut River)

The Oxbow (also known as the Ox-Bow) is an extension of the Connecticut River, located in Northampton, Massachusetts. It is famous for its appearance in the 1836 painting "The Oxbow" by Thomas Cole. 
History.
Historically, the Oxbow was connected directly to the Connecticut river as a large U-Shaped bend. In 1840, flood waters cut through the narrow section, separating the Oxbow from the main river and the current. In the early 1900s, the Oxbow was used extensively for logging operations, as a holding area for logs sent down river. The northern end was later cut off to build Interstate 91, which runs between the Oxbow and the Connecticut River. The Connecticut River is still accessible by a channel made under the Route 91 and Route 5 bridges.
Wildlife.
The Oxbow is habitat for many migratory and resident bird species. The Arcadia wildlife sanctuary (a project of Mass Audubon) protects a total of of land which forms the outer shore of the Oxbow. Among these species include Bald Eagle, Snowy Egret, Cormorant, Great Blue Heron, Osprey, Kingfisher, Swifts, gulls, Canadian Geese, and ducks.
Current use.
The Oxbow is used today primarily for pleasure boating, and is home to one of the largest marinas on the Connecticut River in Massachusetts. The Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation operates a state boat ramp facility accessible from Route 5 in Easthampton, Massachusetts. Because it is partially separated from the main river body, boats are protected from strong current and floating debris. Other uses include flat water paddling and fishing. The Oxbow also facilitates Northampton Youth and Community Rowing (also known as "Hamp Crew"), one of the larger scholastic and masters rowing clubs in western Massachusetts. The club offers competitive rowing programs for many schools in the area, including Northampton High School. The Oxbow water ski show team also shares facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19195194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195194" title="Duftonia">
Duftonia

Duftonia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now England. It was described by Dean in 1959, and the type species is "Duftonia lacunosa". The type locality was the Dufton Shale Formation, from which the generic name was derived.

</doc>
<doc id="19195206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195206" title="Ken'ichi">
Ken'ichi

Possible writings.
Ken'ichi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19195223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195223" title="Marguerite Laugier">
Marguerite Laugier

Marguerite Laugier (née Lhomme) (12 September 1896 – 10 June 1976) was a French astronomer active at the Nice Observatory from the 1930s to the 1950s. Contemporary astronomical articles refer to her as "Madame Laugier".
She discovered a number of asteroids. The asteroid 1597 Laugier is probably named for her.
"Note:" She is not to be confused with a male "M. Laugier" in 19th century literature, where the M. stands for "Monsieur". This refers to Paul Auguste Ernest Laugier (1812–1872).

</doc>
<doc id="19195230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195230" title="John Holwell">
John Holwell

John Holwell (24 November 1649 – 1686?) was an English astrologer and mathematician.
He was probably the John Holwell, son of Thomas and Catherine Holwell, who was baptised at St. James’s, Clerkenwell, on 28 Nov, 1649. According to a biography, he was descended from the Holwells of Holwell House, near Tavistock, Devon, and his father and grandfather were engaged in Penruddock’s plot in 1655, fell in the royalist cause, and as a consequence forfeited the family estates. It is known that a John Holwell of Sampford was actually sequestered in 1655, but in 1652 a Captain John Holwell, probably the same person, appears as giving information against the papists to the officers of the Commonwealth, and there is no proof of his connection with Penruddock’s plot. The same account states that after the Restoration, Holwell was made royal astronomer and surveyor of the crown lands, while his wife obtained a place at court, which is possible, and that he was preceptor to the Duke of Monmouth, which his age makes unlikely.
He is further alleged to have written anonymously in support of the Exclusion Bill, and to have given such offence by his ‘"Catastrophe Mundi"’ that he was brought before the privy council, but to have defended himself so skilfully that no charge could be established against him.
He usually described himself on the title-pages of his book as ‘philomath,’ and once as ‘teacher of the mathematicks and astrology’. In his advertisements (e.g. "Catastrophe Mundi", p. 40) he announces that ‘Arts and Sciences are mathematically professed and taught by the author … at his house on the east side of Spittle Fields , over against Dorset Street … He also measureth building and surveyeth land for any later.for any man, having the mos experience in surveying of any man in England.’ His writings show that he was a firm Protestant.
The biography already referred to gives an unauthenticated story that in 1685 the government, fearing his pen, sent him to America to survey the town of New York, giving orders that he was not to be allowed to return. After completing, his work he died suddenly, it was suspected of poison.
Holwell left a widow, by whom he had a son and a daughter. His son Zephaniah ("d." 1729) was a timber merchant in London, father of John Zephaniah Holwell.
References.
In the Bodleian Library there is a ‘Nativity of John Holwell’ (Ashm. MS. 240, f. 237 "b"), and a ‘Figure on the Nativity of John Holwell’ ("ib." 436, f. 75.)

</doc>
<doc id="19195243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195243" title="Eccoptochile">
Eccoptochile

Eccoptochile is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains one species, "E. clavigera".

</doc>
<doc id="19195250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195250" title="Maggot Brain Theory">
Maggot Brain Theory

Maggot Brain Theory was released in 1994 and is the fourth extended play by Esham A. Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="19195274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195274" title="The Faerie Path">
The Faerie Path

The Faerie Path is the first novel in a six book series by the British author Frewin Jones. The story centers around the life of Anita Palmer, a teenager from two different parallel universes, and her struggle to maintain both lives.
Plot.
On the eve of Anita's sixteenth birthday, boating with her boyfriend Evan, she is in an accident which sends her to the hospital. Upon awakening, she is frightened to find that Evan is not yet awake, although nothing is wrong with him. As the clock strikes midnight, Anita's parents give her one of her presents to brighten her mood. The present, wrapped in a postal envelope with no return address, is a very beautiful book, but the pages are blank.
Anita's parents leave her to rest, but Anita cannot. She explores the book, which suddenly has a story written inside. The story tells about a lost princess, the seventh of seven daughters, who has become trapped in the Mortal World on her sixteenth birthday, the night before she was to marry Lord Gabriel Drake. Anita finds herself needing to check two bites on her back, and searches the hospital for a mirror. Once in the bathroom, her wings grow and she flies out of the window. She flies above London for a moment before it fades away, and all she can see now is the Thames river and Hampton Court.
Suddenly, her wings wither away and she falls. Found in the hospital bathroom by a nurse, she is returned to her bed, still worried about Evan not waking. The nurse brings Anita a gift addressed to her, from Evan's belongings. The gift is a necklace that she quickly puts around her neck. She fell asleep, and when she woke up, Evan is gone. A ghostly image appears to Anita, the image of Gabriel Drake, calling her to follow him. Anita followed Lord Drake out onto a balcony where he urges her to focus strongly on him so that she can reach him. Anita tries her hardest to focus on him and suddenly their hands meet in the air. Lord Drake pulls Anita from the Mortal realm presents her to her father. She soon realized she is more than she seems.
Characters.
Princess 
Eden, is the eldest daughter of Oberon and Titania. She is a tall, thin woman with hair the color of snow and brilliant blue eyes. She is introduced as a depressed sorceress wanting nothing to do with her family as she witnessed her mother's "death" when really her mother entered the Oriole Glass and never returned. She apologizes to her father and becomes a happier woman once her mother returns. She shares her fathers gift of wielding the power of the Mystic Arts and is the fourth strongest person in the realm of Faerie (after her father, mother, and husband). She is married to the elderly Lord Valentyne. In the first book, when Tania encounters Eden for the first time, it is not a friendly meeting, but as the series goes on, Eden is portrayed as akind and thoughtful sister.
Princess Hopie, is the least talked about sister in the book. She is the second daughter of Oberon and Titania. She has vast knowledge of herbs and healing others. Her room is a dark forest. Her hair is dark brown, as is her favorite color. She is married to Lord Brython. The manga spin-off (which takes approximately one year later) shows that she and Lord Brython now have a young son. She mentions that she is sad he will never be able to meet one of his aunts (Zara).
Princess
Sancha, is the most studious daughter of the King and Queen of Faerie. Her room is covered with endless words for books. She has brown hair and her favorite color is black. She can move any object with her mind without touching it and can read the text of other soul books and mortal books, but not computers. She escaped Faerie along with Cordelia and Zara and entered the Mortal Realm in the second book and was able to find her mother by reading it off a file in a cabinet at the Pleades Law Firm. She is not married.
Princess
Cordelia, affectionately called Cordie by her sisters, is the middle child of the King and Queen of Faerie. She can talk to any animal and sometimes lets them perch themselves on her, like she did with a red squirrel. Her hair is a red-gold color and her room is a forest filled with her favorite animals. In the second book, she entered the Mortal Realm to escaped the Knights of Lyonesse with Sancha and Zara. She is married to Bryn Lightfoot. In the fourth book, she falls gravely ill to a disease shortly after her wedding.
Princess
Zara, was a carefree princess and very curious of the mortal world. She was a blonde with blue eyes, as was her favorite color, and could weave enchantment into her music. She escaped Faerie and entered the Mortal World once, along with Sancha and Cordelia from the Knights of Lyonesse. She was murdered by Gabriel Drake in the third book, sacrificing her life for Tania's. In the sixth book, Zara comes back to life for a while and she is revealed to be the Dream Weaver that Tania talks to on her quest to speak with the Divine Harper. She never married.
Princess
Rathina, is introduced as a raven haired beauty with hazel eyes. She is Tania's favorite sister and dared Tania to step into the mortal realm. During Tania's absence, she fell in love with Gabriel Drake, only for him to betray her later on. She then betrayed her family by releasing the Knights and King of Lyonesse. In the third book, she repented. Out of love for her family and fury for Gabriel's murder of her sister, she grabbed a sword of Isenmort and stabbed him. She then learned that her gift was being able to touch Isenmort without getting hurt or burned. She joined Tania and Conner Estabrook, a friend of Tania's from the mortal world, in the quest to find the Divine Harper. In book 6 Rathina and a man named Titus are implied to have begun a relationship. She is unmarried.
Princess
Tania, is the main character of the story. On the eve of her 16th birthday and wedding, she accidentally stepped into the Mortal World and could not find a way back. Her mother went after her but also could not get back. Tania died, but her spirit passed onto many girls and was reborn again and again. Sadly, none of the girls ever lived to the age of 16. Finally, Anita Palmer was born and reached her 16th birthday, allowing her to become Tania, a faerie princess and 7th daughter of Oberon and Titania, King and Queen of Faerie. When she turned 16, a mysterious gift was sent to her - an old book containing the tale of Princess Tania. Gabriel Drake met her and brought her into the land of Faerie, where Anita constantly reprimanded herself she was in a dream, until she finally accepted that she was Princess Tania. Gabriel Drake's plan to marry Tania was foiled by Evan Thomas (Edric Chanticleer), Tania's boyfriend from the Mortal World who was sent by Drake to retrieve the princess.
Reception.
The Fearie Path was viewed as a "floral Faerie tale may unspool at a measured pace, but girls will likely take to Anita. ... A well-executed reference to Romeo and Juliet gives the finale a bit more punch than most fantasy romances" and a "well-paced style that will communicate with today’s readers." The book received 3.2 out of 5 starts on Bookalicious. It was rated as a book with good Christian values by Squeaky Clean Reviews who also found the "revelation of the villains horribly predictable." It was recommended for readers who enjoy romance and adventure.

</doc>
<doc id="19195277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195277" title="Jeanne Golay">
Jeanne Golay

Jeanne Golay (born 16 April 1962) is a former American road bicycle racing professional from Coral Gables, Florida. She won the 1992, 1994 and 1995 United States National Road Race Championships, and the 1992 world team time-trial championship, and competed in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics and 1996 Atlanta Olympics. 
In Glenwood Springs, Colorado, a training and exercise trail formerly known as Red Mountain Trail has been renamed the "Jeanne Golay Trail".
Major results.
Tested positive for steroids in 1990, pulled from TTT Team

</doc>
<doc id="19195331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195331" title="KHKX">
KHKX

KHKX (99.1 FM), branded as "KICKS 99 Country", is a radio station that serves the Midland–Odessa metropolitan area with country music and live high school football for Odessa High School and Permian High School. They are a former affiliate for the Dallas Cowboys and broadcast the #1 rated country morning show in the Midland-Odessa area with Mike and Dana.
History.
KHKX is fairly new to the Odessa-Midland area, having been established in 2001. In an effort to attract listeners to their network, they managed to sign Mike and Dana from rival Cumulus Station KGEE. When KCRS-FM came under new ownership in Premiere Radio Networks in 1997, they announced they would discontinue broadcasting live high school football games on the FM frequency and instead focus all sports on KCRS (AM). After six months of searching, the Ector County Independent School District was able to announce KHKX had picked up the rights to broadcast high school football and would bring the team over from KCRS-FM that had broadcast football for 8 years. They also managed to acquire the Dallas Cowboys Radio Network from 2000-2006. The increased money from these new sponsors eventually allowed them to acquire KMCM from Music City Mall, allowing them to monopolize the live football broadcasts for the Odessa games, and 95X, which they re-branded as Bob FM and picked up the rights for Midland Christian High School football games.

</doc>
<doc id="19195338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195338" title="2009 WTA Tour">
2009 WTA Tour

The 2009 Sony Ericsson WTA Tour was the 37th season since the founding of the Women's Tennis Association. It commenced on January 5, 2009, and concluded on November 8, 2009 after 56 events.
Serena Williams and Dinara Safina engaged in a battle for the year-end No. 1 ranking, with Williams eventually coming out on top after winning the WTA Tour Championships. She won two Grand Slam titles during the year. Safina ascended to No. 1 in April and held it for much of the rest of the season. Svetlana Kuznetsova, Caroline Wozniacki and Elena Dementieva also enjoyed successful years in 2009.
In contrast, it was a season of struggles for Ana Ivanovic, who dropped outside the top 20 by its conclusion. Jelena Janković also battled with inconsistent results, falling from No. 1 in January to No. 8 by November.
Kim Clijsters returned to competitive tennis in August after giving birth to her daughter, and won the US Open title. Maria Sharapova made her comeback in May, having missed all tournaments since the summer of 2008, and rose back into the top 20.
Former world No. 1 Amélie Mauresmo announced her retirement at the end of the season, while Ai Sugiyama and Nathalie Dechy were among other notable players who retired during the year.
Tour reforms.
The 2009 season saw the Women's Tennis Association undergo what was described as "its most sweeping reforms in history", with the aim of creating a more fan friendly structure to the Tour, to reduce player withdrawals, and increase player commitment in the biggest tournaments.
The main features of the new "Roadmap" calendar saw the abolition of the previous Tier system, which were replaced by Premier and International tournaments. 20 Premier events were to be held throughout the season, down from the 26 Tier I and Tier II events that were held in 2008. Of those 20, four—the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami, the Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open in Madrid, and the China Open in Beijing—would be mandatory, offering $4.5 million in prize money. Along with that were five other tournaments, the Premier 5s, which offered $2 million in prize money. Ten other Premier tournaments were also held throughout the season. These would all lead up to the Sony Ericsson Championships in Doha, Qatar, which boasted a $4.5 million total prize fund.
In addition, 30 International events were created to replace the previous Tier III and IV categories. The top performers in the Race to the Sony Ericsson Championships who won an International title during the season were to be eligible to compete in the season-ending Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions, which was held the week after the Sony Ericsson Championships.
The Roadmap calendar also saw a 30% increase in the length off the off-season, from 7 to 9 weeks, with the season ending in October, as well as more breaks between the bigger tournaments throughout the season, an increase in back-to-back events, a decrease in player commitment, a limitation on top player participation in International tournaments and stronger penalties for top players who miss Premier tournament commitments.
The WTA Tour also moved more closely to a combined Tour with the ATP, with 31% of events being combined men and women events, and equal prize money being offered at ten of the biggest events throughout the season. Total prize money increased to $86 million, which was once again a record high, up from $67 million the previous year.
With the changes came a new ranking system, which now included the player's best-performing 16 events (down from 17), including the four Grand Slam tournaments and the four mandatory events for all players who qualified by ranking, and the awarding of "zero pointers" for top players missing commitments at the biggest events.
Lastly, the Women's Tennis Association also announced that On Court Coaching would be included in all events on the Roadmap calendar. Having been tested in many events since 2006, the decision to approve the move was made to increase the relationship between the viewer and the sport, with viewers being able to listen in on conversations between players and their coaches, who are required to wear a microphone during the exchange. Players were allowed to request their coach once per set, at a changeover or at the end of the set, or when the opposing player was taking a medical timeout or toilet break.
Season summary.
Singles.
Elena Dementieva started the season on a hot streak, taking the title in Sydney, beating Dinara Safina in the final, as well as winning a smaller tournament in Auckland the week before, putting her as a firm contender at the season's opening Grand Slam, the Australian Open.
During the Australian Open fortnight, Venus Williams became the first big casualty when she lost in the second round to Carla Suárez Navarro. Jelena Dokić made a fairytale run to the quarterfinals, the furthest she'd been in a Grand Slam event since 2002, and world No. 1 Jelena Janković lost in the fourth round to Marion Bartoli. In the quarterfinals, Dokić's run was ended by Safina, with Vera Zvonareva, Dementieva and Serena Williams also moving through. Williams eventually beat Safina in a match that saw the No. 1 ranking on the line, to win her tenth Grand Slam title, and fourth at the Australian Open, and sealing her return to the No. 1 spot.
February saw Amélie Mauresmo overcome her struggling form in the previous two seasons to win the Premier event in Paris. Venus Williams also won the Roadmap's first Premier 5 event in Dubai, beating surprise finalist Virginie Razzano.
At the mandatory Indian Wells, Zvonareva won her biggest career title thus far with a win over Ivanovic in the final. Safina had another chance to reach No. 1 after this tournament, but lost to Victoria Azarenka. Azarenka won the event in Miami, stopping Serena Williams achieving a record-breaking sixth title there. Janković continued her struggles with her second straight loss, with Safina, Zvonareva and Ivanovic also losing early.
Safina ascended to the No. 1 ranking on April 20 despite not playing the previous week, due to Williams not defending her title. Playing in her first tournament as the No. 1, Safina lost in the final of Stuttgart to Kuznetsova, before avenging the loss by beating Kuznetsova in the Rome final. In the final major warm-up event, Safina beat Caroline Wozniacki to win Madrid.
After a strong clay season, Safina was the favourite to win her first Grand Slam at the French Open, and she eventually moved through to the finals in the top half. On the bottom half, Kuznetsova came through, beating Serena Williams in the quarterfinals, to set up the third meeting between the two during the clay season. With Safina heavily favoured, Kuznetsova won the title for her second Grand Slam title in singles, and first since the US Open in 2004. Elsewhere, in a fortnight of surprises, Dominika Cibulková reached her first Grand Slam semifinal, beating Maria Sharapova in the quarterfinals, who was returning from a lengthy lay-off from shoulder surgery recovery. Samantha Stosur also reached her first Grand Slam semifinal, taking down Elena Dementieva in the second round. Defending champion Ana Ivanovic lost to Azarenka in the fourth round, a loss which dropped her out of the top 10 in the world.
The top four seeds all reached the semifinals at Wimbledon, the first time it had happened since 2006. The first week did, however, see French Open champion Kuznetsova upset by Sabine Lisicki on her way to her first Grand Slam quarterfinal, and Janković lose to American teenager Melanie Oudin. The semifinals were direct contrasts to each other, with Venus Williams thrashing Safina in the top half semifinal, and Serena Williams beating Dementieva in an epic 8–6 in the third encounter. The final was the fourth all-Williams Wimbledon final, and the second in a row. Serena avenged her loss to Venus in last year's final to win her third Wimbledon title, first since 2003, and eleventh Grand Slam title overall.
The US Open Series turned out to be an open race, with five different champions being crowned at the tournaments. Eventually, it went to Toronto champion Elena Dementieva, who also reached the semifinals in Cincinnati and Stanford. Flavia Pennetta finished second after winning Los Angeles and reaching the semifinals in Cincinnati and New Haven, results which saw her break into the top 10. Cincinnati champion Jelena Janković came third. Also during the summer hardcourt season, Kim Clijsters made her return to competitive tennis in Cincinnati after giving birth.
At the US Open, Caroline Wozniacki reached her first Grand Slam final after a half of upsets which saw Safina, Janković and Dementieva all lose in the first week. Melanie Oudin reached her first major quarterfinal by defeating Dementieva, Sharapova and Petrova back-to-back, while Yanina Wickmayer reached her first semifinal at this level. In the bottom half, Clijsters came through after defeating Venus Williams in the fourth round, and later her sister Serena in the semifinals, in a match that ended with Williams receiving a point penalty, and later a fine, for unsportsmanlike conduct after reacting to a foot fault called by the linesperson. In the final, Clijsters beat Wozniacki to win her second Grand Slam title in only her third tournament back, and become the first mother to win a Grand Slam title since Evonne Goolagong Cawley in 1980.
The fall season saw Maria Sharapova win her first title since returning from her shoulder surgery in Tokyo. Kimiko Date-Krumm provided a notable story, becoming the second oldest player to ever win a title in the Open Era in Seoul. Svetlana Kuznetsova won the event in Beijing, beating Agnieszka Radwańska in the final. Following that tournament, Safina surrendered her No. 1 ranking to Serena Williams, before regaining it the week prior to the WTA Tour Championships. This meant that the year-end No. 1 would be decided in Doha, with whoever performed better in the tournament achieving the position. Safina retired in her first match, while Williams went on to win the title to become the year-end No. 1 for only the second time, after 2002.
Schedule.
This is the complete schedule of events on the 2009 Sony Ericsson WTA Tour, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage.
Statistical information.
These tables present the number of singles (S), doubles (D), and mixed doubles (X) titles won by each player and each nation during the season, within all the tournament categories of the 2009 WTA Tour: the Grand Slam tournaments, the Year-end championships, the WTA Premier tournaments and the WTA International tournaments. The players/nations are sorted by:
1) total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation);<br>
2) highest amount of highest category tournaments (for example, having a single Grand Slam gives preference over any kind of combination without a Grand Slam title); <br>
3) a singles > doubles > mixed doubles hierarchy; <br>
4) alphabetical order (by family names for players).
Titles won by nation.
The following players won their first singles title:
The following players completed a successful singles title defence:
Rankings.
Singles.
The following is the 2009 top 20 in the Race To The Championships. Premier Mandatory Events are counted even if the player did not compete, if there is no injury excuse, it is counted as one of their events, when you are in the top 10. Players in gold are players who competed in the 2009 WTA Tour Championships.
WTA Prize Money Leaders.
1 Only for 2008 year-end top 10, Certain players receive fines for skipping events
Statistics leaders.
As of November 16, 2009. Source
Retirements.
Following are notable players who announced their retirement from the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour during the 2009 season:
Awards.
The winners of the 2009 WTA Awards were announced on 24 March 2010, during a special ceremony at the Sony Ericsson Open.

</doc>
<doc id="19195345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195345" title="Claudia Roth Pierpont">
Claudia Roth Pierpont

Claudia Roth Pierpont is a writer and journalist. She has been a contributor to "The New Yorker" since 1990 and became a staff writer in 2004. Her subjects have included Friedrich Nietzsche, Katharine Hepburn, Mae West, Orson Welles, the Ballets Russes and the Chrysler Building.
A collection of eleven of Pierpont’s "New Yorker" essays, "Passionate Minds: Women Rewriting the World", was published in 2000. Nominated for a National Book Critics Circle Award, the book juxtaposes the lives and works of women writers, including Hannah Arendt, Gertrude Stein, Anaïs Nin, Ayn Rand, Margaret Mitchell and Zora Neale Hurston. Her book "Roth Unbound: A Writer and His Books "was published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in October 2013.
Pierpont has been the recipient of a Whiting Writers' Award, a Guggenheim Fellowship and a fellowship at the Cullman Center for Scholars and Writers of the New York Public Library.
Pierpont lives in New York City. She holds a Ph.D. in Italian Renaissance art history from New York University. She has been a professor of creative journalism at New York University and Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="19195370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195370" title="Heinkel HeS 1">
Heinkel HeS 1

__NOTOC__
The Heinkel HeS 1 "(HeS - Heinkel Strahltriebwerk)" was Germany's first jet engine, which was a stationary test item that ran on hydrogen.
History.
In 1933, Hans von Ohain wrote his PhD thesis at the University of Göttingen on the topic of an optical microphone that could be used to record sound directly to film. Siemens bought the patent for RM 3,500, a princely sum. Ohain used the money to invest in his real interest, the gas turbine. In 1934 von Ohain contracted his mechanic, Max Hahn, to build a prototype of his concept. Later referred to as the "garage engine", it quickly burned out due to the use of low-temperature metals. Nevertheless, it was successful and piqued the interest of his professor, Robert Pohl. 
In February 1936, Pohl wrote to Ernst Heinkel on behalf of von Ohain, telling him of the design and its possibilities. Heinkel arranged a meeting where his engineers were able to grill von Ohain for hours, during which he flatly stated that the current "garage engine" would never work but there was nothing wrong with the concept as a whole. The engineers were convinced, and in April, von Ohain and Hahn were set up at Heinkel's works at the Marienehe airfield outside Rostock, Germany in Warnemünde.
Once moved, a study was made of the airflow in the engine, and several improvements made over a two-month period. Much happier with the results, they decided to produce a completely new engine incorporating all of these changes, running on hydrogen gas. The resulting Heinkel-Strahltriebwerk 1 (HeS 1), German for "Heinkel Jet Engine 1", was built by hand-picking some of the best machinists in the company, much to the chagrin of the shop-floor supervisors. Hahn, meanwhile, worked on the combustion problem, an area he had some experience in.
The engine was extremely simple, made largely of sheet metal. Construction started late in the summer of 1936, and completed in March 1937. It ran two weeks later on hydrogen, but the high temperature exhaust led to considerable "burning" of the metal. The tests were otherwise successful, and in September the combustors were replaced and the engine was run on gasoline for the first time. This proved to clog up the combustors, so Hahn designed a new version based on his soldering torch, which proved to work much better. Although the engine was never intended to be a flight-quality design, it proved beyond a doubt that the basic concept was workable.
While work on the HeS 1 continued, the team had already moved on to the design of a flight-quality design, the HeS 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19195408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195408" title="His Chance in Life">
His Chance in Life

His Chance in Life is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" (1888), and in subsequent editions of that collection. The story is illuminating about Kipling's attitudes to race, which are less cut-and-dried than is often thought. Kipling is interesting, if not very detailed, on people of mixed race and the snobberies involved. (For some detail, see the Kipling Society notes.)
The epigraph includes the line "'Love hath made this thing a Man'", which adumbrates one of Kipling's themes in this story, as in others. The 'love' in 'His Chance in Life' is that between Michele d'Cruze, who "looked down on natives as only a man with seven-eighths native blood in his veins can" and Miss Vezzis, similarly "from across the Borderline" "where the last drop of White blood ends and the full tide of black sets in". D'Cruze works as a telegrapher, and Miss Vezzis' Mamma won't let them marry till he earns at least 50 rupees per month: he has 35 rupees a month at the start of the story.
The story concerns his new posting to the telegraph station at Tibasu, a remote sub-station whose real function is only to relay messages. One day in the Muslim period of Mohurrum, the locals start a riot, with Hindus and Muslims joining in: "It was a nasty little riot, but not worth putting in the papers." An angry crowd approaches Michele's office with the intention of wrecking it. ("Never forget that unless the outward and visible signs of Our Authority are always before a native he is as incapable as a child of understanding what authority means, or where is the danger of disobeying it" - a second theme of Kipling's is that of the difference between the British and the Indian, in terms of 'fitness to rule'.) The Native Police Inspector panics, but obeys "the old race-instinct which recognises a drop of White blood as far as it can be diluted", asks "the "Sahib"" for orders. "The "Sahib" decided Michele." He leads the native police and fires on the crowd, killing a man, whereupon the others flee "curs to a man". A deputation of the locals claim he has acted unconstitutionality, citing the (presumably native) Sub-Judge. Michele replies that he is the effective Government, and the deputation "bowed their heads".
The next day, Michele greets the Sub-Collector. "n the presence of this young Englishman", Michele loses the effect of whiteness and weeps, to his shame. "But the Englishman understood", reports Michele's conduct favourably, through the Proper Channels, and he is transferred back 'up-country' on a salary of 66 rupees per month. So he marries Miss Vezzis. "Which proves that, when a man does good work out of all proportion to his pay, in seven cases out of nine there is a woman at the back of the virtue."
All quotations in this article have been taken from the "Uniform Edition" of "Plain Tales from the Hills" published by Macmillan & Co., Limited in London in 1899. The text is that of the third edition (1890), and the author of the article has used his own copy of the 1923 reprint. Further comment, including page-by-page notes, can be found on the Kipling Society's website.

</doc>
<doc id="19195422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195422" title="Adja Yunkers">
Adja Yunkers

Adja Yunkers (1900–1983) was an American abstract painter and printmaker. He was born in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire in 1900. He studied art in Leningrad, Berlin, Paris, and London. He lived in Paris for 14 years, and then moved to Stockholm in 1939. In Stockholm, he published and edited the arts magazines "ARS" magazine and "Creation" magazine. In 1947 he moved to the United States, where he lived for the rest of his life. In 1949, he received a Guggenheim Fellowship. During the 1950s he primarily worked in color woodcuts, introducing brushwork into the genre. In 1960, he began producing lithographs. He produced two important series of lithographs at the Tamarind Lithography Workshop in Los Angeles―"Salt" (five lithographs) and "Skies of Venice" (ten lithographs). Yunkers died in New York City in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19195442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195442" title="Queensland 500">
Queensland 500

The Queensland 500 was originally a V8 Supercar endurance touring car race held from 1999 to 2002. The race was held at Queensland Raceway near Ipswich. It replaced the Sandown 500 when it relinquished its role as the two-driver warm up event for the Bathurst 1000.
After the collapse of original circuit owners, Motorsport Queensland, new owners interest in the race waned and the race reverted to the status of a standard V8 Supercar sprint round in 2003. The 500 km race returned to Sandown Raceway for 2003.
The race was revived from 2006 to 2008 as a sports car race.
Race results.
"*Race was red flagged due to bad weather; results were declared as of lap 156."

</doc>
<doc id="19195457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195457" title="Adolfo J. de Bold">
Adolfo J. de Bold

Adolfo J. de Bold, OC, FRSC (born 14 February 1942) is an Argentinian–Canadian cardiovascular researcher, best known for his discovery of atrial natriuretic peptide, a polypeptide hormone secreted by heart muscle cells.
Education and career.
Born in Paraná, Argentina, de Bold obtained a BSc in clinical biochemistry at the Faculty of Chemical Sciences of the National University of Córdoba before moving to Canada in 1968. His MSc (1972) and PhD (1973) are from the Department of Pathology at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, under the direction of Sergio Bencosme. He worked at Queen's University from 1974, rising to professor in 1985. In 1986, he became director of research at the University of Ottawa Heart Institute, a position he held until 1993.
As of 2008, de Bold is the Director of the Cardiovascular Endocrinology Laboratory at the University of Ottawa Heart Institute, and also an assistant Professor of Pathology and Cellular and Molecular Medicine at the University of Ottawa.
Research.
De Bold's research has focused on the study of storage granules in heart cells. In 1980, this work led to his co-discovery and isolation of atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), a polypeptide hormone secreted by heart muscle cells. This was the first demonstration that the heart has an endocrine function. De Bold's team went on to show that the heart modulates blood pressure, blood volume and cardiovascular growth via ANP. The discovery of ANP opened up a new field of research which has resulted in multiple therapeutic and diagnostic applications in heart failure.
Awards and honours.
De Bold has received many awards for his work on ANP, including the Gairdner Foundation International Award (1986), Manning Innovation Awards Principal Award (1986), Royal Society of Canada McLaughlin Medal in Medical Research (1988), International Society for Hypertension Research Award (1990), CIBA Award of the American Heart Association (1994) and the American Society for Hypertension Research Award. The Heart and Stroke Foundation of Ontario included the discovery of ANP among its top ten research discoveries of the past fifty years. He is a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. In 1992, he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19195599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195599" title="KMCM">
KMCM

KMCM (96.9 FM), branded as "KMCM 97 Gold Oldies", is a radio station that serves the Midland–Odessa metropolitan area with oldies by broadcasting the Classic Hits satellite feed from ABC Radio Networks. Previously they provided the most live sports in West Texas with high school football for "Odessa High School" and "Permian High School", rotating them each week with sister station KHKX, Central Hockey League games of the Odessa Jackalopes, the Indoor Football League Odessa Roughnecks, and NCAA Texas Tech Red Raiders football and basketball games, which they got from KCRS (AM), and Houston Texans football. During the 2007 season they let go of the Texans rights, in 2009 KFZX acquired the Odessa Jackalopes contract from them also transferring the Monday talk show Hockey Talk, and in 2010 the Roughnecks games were transferred fully to sister station 95.1 BOB FM, leaving only High School Football and Texas Tech sports on KMCM.

</doc>
<doc id="19195621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195621" title="Upper Murray Football Netball League">
Upper Murray Football Netball League

The Upper Murray Football Netball League (UMFNL) is an Australian rules football and netball competition containing six clubs based around the surrounding areas of Corryong, Victoria, Australia. The league features five grades in the Australian rules football competition, with these being Senior-Grade, Reserve-Grade, Under 16s, Under 13s and Under 10s. In the netball competition, there are six grades, with these being A-Grade, B-Grade, C-Grade, D-Grade, Under 14s and Under 11s.
History.
Establishment (1892-1893).
During the 1982 summer three of the regions cricket clubs agreed to the establishment of a competition in order to keep their players fit during the winter break. The three founding clubs were " Corryong FC ", the " Cudgewa FC ", and the " Mount Elliot FC ", and in early 1893 the " Corryong Football Association " was officially established.
Corryong Football Association (1893-1899).
During the first five years of the association only the three founding clubs competed in the competition, and the premiership was awarded to the club that finished in 1st position on the ladder. The only exception was in 1896 when " Cudgewa FC" defeated " Mount Elliot FC " in the first grand final played, unfortunately the details of this occasion are now lost. The other early premiers included " Corryong FC " (1893, 1895, 1899) and " Mount Eliot FC " (1894, 1897, 1898).
At the start of the 1898 season the competition expanded for the first time in its short history to include a fourth football club, the " Walwa FC ", representing the township of Walwa, Victoria. The addition of the " Walwa FC " to the competition was seen as a success, and during their second season they finished in second position on the 1899 Ladder.
The same season, 1899, the competition expanded to include a fifth football club, " Khancoban FC " representing the township of Khancoban, New South Wales. However the addition of the " Khancoban FC " to the competition was less successful. Only lasting two seasons, they finished in third and fourth respectively. 
Upper Murray Football Club Association (1900-1901).
At the start of the 1900 season the competition renamed itself to the " Upper Murray Football Club Association ", and after the 1900 season the " Khancoban FC " went into recess for the first time.
In recognition of the Federation of Australian states in 1901, the " Mount Elliot FC " was selected as the Victorian club to renamed itself to the " Federal FC ". This happened in most states and today there is no evidence of any other " Federal FC " still being active.
Upper Murray Football Association (1902-1903).
At the start of the 1902 season the league name changed again, to the " Upper Murray Football Association ".
Corryong District Association (1904-1906).
At the start of the 1904 season the league name changed again, to the " Corryong District Association ", also the " Federal FC " relocated from Mount Elliot, Vic to Corryong, Vic.
The Khancoban FC relocated from Khancoban, NSW to Towong, Vic and became the Towong FC before renaming to Towong Wanderers FC in 1905. Then in 1906 they relocated again to Thowgla, Vic and became the Thowgla FC, this move would result in the clubs first premiership success, Thowgla 4.6 (30) defeating Corryong 2.8 (20).
Upper Murray Football Association (1907-1936).
Before World War I.
In 1907 Cudgewa won the right to challenge the minor premiers, Corryong, in the grand final, but Corryong refused to play because an umpire for the grand final was not sourced from Albury, NSW.
By 1908, with a re-found form of success, Thowgla FC relocated back to Khancoban, NSW and renamed back to Khancoban FC and were runners-up in 1908, this was to be the last grand final match for the club. By 1910 the Corryong FC won its fourth straight premiership; 1907 (tied with Cudgewa FC), 1908, 1909, 1910.
From 1912–1913 Khancoban FC relocated to Tintaldra, Vic and became known as Tintaldra FC, then in 1916 the league went into recess due to the First World War.
After World War I.
In 1918 the association restarted but the 1918 and 1919 seasons were restricted to half seasons still due to a lack of players after the First World War
By 1920 the competition was now representing only three townships, with four competing clubs Corryong, Cudgewa, Federal and Walwa.
Upper Murray Football League (1937-2000).
After World War II.
The Upper Murray Football League won the North East Riverina Leagues Championships in 1976, & 1977 with Kevin Mack as Captain-Coach & John Cornish as Vice Captain. Also in 1977 John Cornish (from Federal FC) winning "Best player from all leagues in series", Kevin Mack (from Corryong FC) winning "Best player on ground against Hume League", & Craig Whitehead (from Corryong FC) winning "Best player on ground against Ovens & King".
Upper Murray Football Netball League (2001-Present).
Reformation of the Bullioh Football Netball Club with the club gaining admittance into the competition for the 2001 season. Resumption of the Reserve Grade competition in 2001 after it folded in 1995 while the junior football competition changed from Under 18s to Under 16s. Introduction of the Upper Murray Netball League for the 2001 season.
Current Finals System.
The current finals series is played over four Saturdays, with the Grand Final being played on the first weekend of September most years. All finals are played at the one venue during each final, with a home ground advantage being awarded only according to the " Senior Grade " football ladder.
Clubs.
Former.
KEY: CRFL: Central Riverina Football League // FFL: Div 2: Farrer Football League: Division 2 // TDFL: Tallangatta & District Football League
Senior Grade Honour Boards.
Notes
1907: Cudgewa won the right to challenge the minor premiers, Corryong, who refused to play because an umpire for the grand final was not sourced from Albury, NSW.
1918–1919: Only a half season was played due to a lack of footballers during and after World War I.
1945–1946: Only a half season was played due to a lack of footballers during and after World War II.
Ladder.
KEY: [?] = Details are still unclear or are missing.
Grand Finals.
KEY: [?] = Details are still unclear or are missing.
All Grades Honour Boards (2013 Season).
KEY: [?] = Details are still unclear or are missing. = No team is playing in this age grade for season.

</doc>
<doc id="19195629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195629" title="Akigase Park">
Akigase Park

In 1971, former Urawa City established the park as a measure to manage the rising issue of insufficient park availability stemmed from rapid urban expansion. Baseball fields, soccer fields, and tennis courts, along with patches of pristine forest make up its grounds. 

</doc>
<doc id="19195778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195778" title="Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center (Oregon)">
Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center (Oregon)

Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center is a 188-bed medical facility located in Corvallis, Oregon, United States. It is one of four level II trauma centers in the state of Oregon, and serves the Linn, Benton, and Lincoln County area.
This hospital serves as the hub for the operations of Samaritan Health Services. It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO).
A number of residencies are offered at Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center, including: family practice, internal medicine, psychiatry, general surgery, orthopedic surgery, and cardiology.
History.
Started as Corvallis General Hospital. After WWII the hospital was on the brink of bankruptcy, unable to pay off its bonds. In an effort to retire the debt the hospital under the auspices of the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon. 
In 1948, Corvallis General was reconstituted as a nonprofit organization and renamed Good Samaritan Hospital. Located on Northwest Harrison Boulevard. 
In 1975, the hospital moved to its current location North of the city. The hospital has maintained its affiliation with the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon and has continued to thrive. Now known as Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center, today it is the flagship institution of Samaritan Health Services 

</doc>
<doc id="19195780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195780" title="Ove Molin">
Ove Molin

Ove Molin (born May 27, 1971) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player who spent most of his career with Brynäs IF in the Swedish Elitserien league.

</doc>
<doc id="19195836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195836" title="Polytheism">
Polytheism

Polytheism is the worship of or belief in multiple deities usually assembled into a pantheon of gods and goddesses, along with their own religions and rituals.
Polytheism is a religious construct and a type of theism. Within theism, it contrasts with monotheism, the belief in a singular God. Polytheists do not always worship all the gods equally, but can be henotheists, specializing in the worship of one particular deity. Other polytheists can be kathenotheists, worshiping different deities at different times.
Polytheism was the typical form of religion during the Bronze Age and Iron Age, up to the Axial Age and the gradual development of monotheism or pantheism, and atheism. It is well documented in historical religions of Classical antiquity, especially Greek polytheism and Roman polytheism, and after the decline of Greco-Roman polytheism in tribal religions such as Germanic paganism or Slavic mythology. There are various polytheistic religions practiced today, for example Shintoism, Ásatrú, Chinese folk religion, Druidry, Taoism, Thelema, Wicca, and Candomble. Hinduism is sometimes included in this listing; but despite the presence of polytheistic elements it contains pantheistic and monotheistic ones as well and has been classed as a "pantheism with polytheistic elements"
Terminology.
The term comes from the Greek "poly" ("many") and "theoi" ("gods") and was first invented by the Jewish writer Philo of Alexandria to argue with the Greeks. When Christianity spread throughout Europe and the Mediterranean, non-Christians were just called Gentiles (a term originally used by Jews to refer to non-Jews) or pagans (locals) or, in a clearly pejorative idolaters (worshiping "false" gods). The modern usage of the term is first revived in French through Jean Bodin in 1580, followed by Samuel Purchas's usage in English in 1614.
Gods and divinity.
The deities of polytheism are often portrayed as complex personages of greater or lesser status, with individual skills, needs, desires and histories; in many ways similar to humans (anthropomorphic) in their traits, but with additional individual powers, abilities, knowledge or perceptions.
Polytheism cannot be cleanly separated from the animist beliefs prevalent in most folk religions. The gods of polytheism are in many cases the highest order of a continuum of supernatural beings or spirits, which may include ancestors, demons, wights and others. In some cases these spirits are divided into celestial or chthonic classes, and belief in the existence of all these beings does not imply that all are worshipped.
Types of deities.
Types of deities often found in polytheism may include
Mythology and religion.
In the Classical era, Sallustius (4th century CE) categorised mythology into five types:
The theological are those myths which use no bodily form but contemplate the very essence of the gods: e.g., Kronos swallowing his children. Since divinity is intellectual, and all intellect returns into itself, this myth expresses in allegory the essence of divinity.
Myths may be regarded physically when they express the activities of gods in the world.
The psychological way is to regard (myths as allegories of) the activities of the soul itself and or the soul's acts of thought.
The material is to regard material objects to actually be gods, for example: to call the earth Gaia, ocean Okeanos, or heat Typhon.
The mixed kind of myth may be seen in many instances: for example they say that in a banquet of the gods, Eris threw down a golden apple; the goddesses contended for it, and were sent by Zeus to Paris to be judged. Paris saw Aphrodite to be beautiful and gave her the apple. Here the banquet signifies the hypercosmic powers of the gods; that is why they are all together. The golden apple is the world, which being formed out of opposites, is naturally said to be "thrown by Eris" (or Discord). The different gods bestow different gifts upon the world, and are thus said to 'contend for the apple'. And the soul which lives according to sense – for that is what Paris is – not seeing the other powers in the world but only beauty, declares that the apple belongs to Aphrodite.
Historical polytheism.
Some well-known historical polytheistic pantheons include the Sumerian gods and the Egyptian gods, and the classical-attested pantheon which includes the ancient Greek religion and Roman religion. Post-classical polytheistic religions include Norse Æsir and Vanir, the Yoruba Orisha, the Aztec gods, and many others. Today, most historical polytheistic religions are pejoratively referred to as "mythology", though the stories cultures tell about their gods should be distinguished from their worship or religious practice. For instance deities portrayed in conflict in mythology would still be worshipped sometimes in the same temple side by side, illustrating the distinction in the devotees mind between the myth and the reality. It is speculated that there was once a Proto-Indo-European religion, from which the religions of the various Indo-European peoples derive, and that this religion was an essentially naturalist numenistic religion. An example of a religious notion from this shared past is the concept of "*dyēus", which is attested in several distinct religious systems.
In many civilizations, pantheons tended to grow over time. Deities first worshipped as the patrons of cities or places came to be collected together as empires extended over larger territories. Conquests could lead to the subordination of the elder culture's pantheon to a newer one, as in the Greek Titanomachia, and possibly also the case of the Æsir and Vanir in the Norse mythos. Cultural exchange could lead to "the same" deity being renowned in two places under different names, as with the Greeks, Etruscans, and Romans, and also to the introduction of elements of a "foreign" religion into a local cult, as with Egyptian Osiris worship brought to ancient Greece.
Most ancient belief systems held that gods influenced human lives. However, the Greek philosopher Epicurus held that the gods were living, incorruptible, blissful beings who did not trouble themselves with the affairs of mortals, but who could be perceived by the mind, especially during sleep. Epicurus believed that these gods were material, human-like, and that they inhabited the empty spaces between worlds.
Hellenistic religion may still be regarded as polytheistic, but with strong monistic components, and monotheism finally emerges from Hellenistic traditions in Late Antiquity in the form of Neoplatonism and Christian theology.
Ancient Greece.
The classical scheme in Ancient Greece of the Twelve Olympians (the Canonical Twelve of art and poetry) were: Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Athena, Ares, Demeter, Apollo, Artemis, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Hermes, and Hestia. Though it is suggested that Hestia stepped down when Dionysus was invited to Mount Olympus, this is a matter of controversy. Robert Graves' "The Greek Myths" cites two sources that obviously do not suggest Hestia surrendered her seat, though he suggests she did. Hades was often excluded because he dwelt in the underworld. All of the gods had a power. There was, however, a great deal of fluidity as to whom was counted among their number in antiquity. Different cities often worshipped the same deities, sometimes with epithets that distinguished them and specified their local nature.
The Hellenic Polytheism extended beyond mainland Greece, to the islands and coasts of Ionia in Asia Minor, to Magna Graecia (Sicily and southern Italy), and to scattered Greek colonies in the Western Mediterranean, such as Massalia (Marseille). Greek religion tempered Etruscan cult and belief to form much of the later Roman religion.
Folk religion.
The animistic nature of folk beliefs is an anthropological cultural universal. The belief in ghosts and spirits animating the natural world and the practice of ancestor worship is universally present in the world's cultures and re-emerges in monotheistic or materialistic societies as "superstition", belief in demons, tutelary saints, fairies or extraterrestrials.
The presence of a full polytheistic religion, complete with a ritual cult conducted by a priestly caste, requires a higher level of organization and is not present in every culture. In Eurasia, the Kalash are one of very few instances of surviving polytheism. Also, a large number of polytheistic folk traditions are subsumed in contemporary Hinduism, although Hinduism is doctrinally dominated by monist or monotheist theology (Bhakti, Advaita). Historical Vedic polytheist ritualism survives as a minor current in Hinduism, known as Shrauta. More widespread is folk Hinduism, with rituals dedicated to various local or regional deities.
Contemporary world religions.
Buddhism and Shinto.
In Buddhism, there are higher beings commonly designed (or designated) as gods, Devas; however, Buddhism, at its core (the original Pali canon), does not teach the notion of praying nor worship to the Devas or any god(s).
However, in Buddhism, the core leader 'Buddha', who pioneered the path to enlightenment is not worshiped in meditation, but simply reflected upon. Statues or images of the Buddha (Buddharupas) are worshiped in front of to reflect and contemplate on qualities that the particular position of that rupa represents. In Buddhism, there is no creator and the Buddha rejected the idea that a permanent, personal, fixed, omniscient deity can exist, linking into the core concept of impermanence (anicca).
Devas, in general, are beings who have had more positive karma in their past lives than humans. Their lifespan eventually ends. When their lives end, they will be reborn as devas or as other beings. When they accumulate negative karma, they are reborn as either human or any of the other lower beings. Humans and other beings could also be reborn as a deva in their next rebirth, if they accumulate enough positive karma; however, it is not recommended.
Buddhism flourished in different countries, and some of those countries have polytheistic folk religions. Buddhism syncretizes easily with other religions. Thus, Buddhism has mixed with the folk religions and emerged in polytheistic variants as well as nontheistic variants. For example, in Japan, Buddhism, mixed with Shinto, which worships deities called kami, created a tradition which prays to the deities of Shinto as a form of Buddha. Thus, there may be elements of worship of gods in some forms of later Buddhism.
The concepts of Adi-Buddha and Dharmakaya are the closest to monotheism any form of Buddhism comes. All famous sages and Bodhisattvas being considered as reflections of it.
Adi-Buddha is not said to be the creator, but the originator of all things, being a deity in an Emanationist sense.
Christianity.
Historically, most Christian churches have taught that the nature of God is a "mystery", in the original, technical meaning; something that must be revealed by special revelation rather than deduced through general revelation. Among early Christians there was considerable debate over the nature of Godhead, with some factions arguing for the deity of Jesus and others calling for an Arian conception of God. These issues of Christology were to form one of the main subjects of contention at the First Council of Nicaea.
The First Council of Nicaea, held in Nicaea in Bithynia (in present-day Turkey), convoked by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in 325, was the first (or second, if one counts the apostolic Council of Jerusalem) ecumenical council of bishops of the Roman Empire, and most significantly resulted in the first uniform Christian doctrine, called the Nicene Creed. With the creation of the creed, a precedent was established for subsequent 'general (ecumenical) councils of bishops' (synods) to create statements of belief and canons of doctrinal orthodoxy— the intent being to define unity of beliefs for the State church of the Roman Empire and eradicate heretical ideas.
The purpose of the council was to resolve disagreements in the Church of Alexandria over the nature of Jesus in relationship to the Father; in particular, whether Jesus was of the same substance as God the Father or merely of similar substance. St. Alexander of Alexandria and Athanasius took the first position; the popular presbyter Arius, from whom the term Arian controversy comes, took the second. The council decided against the Arians overwhelmingly. (Of the estimated 250-318 attendees, all but 2 voted against Arius).
Christian orthodox traditions (Eastern Orthodox, Roman Catholic, Protestant, and Evangelical) follow this decision, which was codified in 381 and reached its full development through the work of the Cappadocian Fathers. They consider God to be a triune entity, called the Trinity, comprising the three "Persons" God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit, the three of this unity are described as being "of the same substance" (). The true nature of an infinite God, however, is asserted to be beyond definition, and "the word 'person' is but an imperfect expression of the idea, and is not biblical. In common parlance it denotes a separate rational and moral individual, possessed of self-consciousness, and conscious of his identity amid all changes. Experience teaches that where you have a person, you also have a distinct individual essence. Every person is a distinct and separate individual, in whom human nature is individualized. But in God there are no three individuals alongside of, and separate from, one another, but only personal self distinctions within the divine essence, which is not only generically, but also numerically, one."
Some critics, especially among Jews and Muslims, contend that because of the adoption of a Triune conception of deity, Christianity is actually a form of Tritheism or Polytheism, for example see Shituf. This concept dates from the teachings of the Alexandrian Church, which claimed that Jesus, having appeared later in the Bible than his "Father," had to be a secondary, lesser, and therefore "distinct" God. This controversy led to the convention of the Nicaean council in 325 CE. Christians overwhelmingly assert that monotheism is central to the Christian faith, as the Nicene Creed (and others), which gives the orthodox Christian definition of the Trinity, begins: "I believe in one God".
Some Christians reject mainstream trinitarian theology; such as the Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormonism, the Unitarians, Christadelphians, Church of God General Conference, Socinian; and some elements of Anabaptism do not teach the doctrine of the Trinity at all. In addition Oneness Pentecostals reject the creedal formulation of the Trinity, that there are three distinct and eternal persons in one being, instead believing that there is one God, a singular spirit who manifests himself in many different ways, including as the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Deism is a philosophy of religion which arose in the Christian tradition during the Early Modern period. It postulates that there is a God who however does not intervene in human affairs. Alvin J. Schmidt argues that since the 1700s, expressions of Civil Religion in the United States have shifted from a deistic to a polytheistic stance.
Unitarianism is a Christological doctrine in contrast with Trinitarian Christianity, postulating that Jesus was a completely human messiah.
Jordan Paper, a Western scholar who calls himself polytheistic, considers polytheism to be the normal state in human culture. Even the Catholic Church shows polytheistic aspects with the worshipping of the saints. On the other hand, he complains, monotheistic missionaries and scholars were eager to see a proto-monotheism or at least henotheism in polytheistic religions, for example, when taking from the Chinese pair of Sky and Earth only one part and call it the "King of Heaven", as Matteo Ricci did.
Hinduism.
Hinduism is a far from monolithic religion: many extremely varied religious traditions and practices are grouped together under this umbrella term and some modern scholars have questioned the legitimacy of unifying them artificially and suggest that one should speak of "hinduisms" in the plural. Theistic Hinduism encompasses both monotheistic and polytheistic tendencies and variations on or mixes of both structures.
Hindus venerate deities in the form of the Murti, an icon. The Puja (worship) of the Murti is like a way to communicate with the formless, abstract divinity (Brahman in Hinduism) which creates, sustains and dissolves creation. 
Some Hindu philosophers and theologians argue for a transcendent metaphysical structure with a single divine essence. This divine essence is usually referred to as Brahman or Atman, but the understanding of the nature of this absolute divine essence is the line which defines many Hindu philosophical traditions such as Vedanta.
Among lay Hindus, some believe in different deities emanating from Brahman, while others practice more traditional polytheism and henotheism, focusing their worship on one or more personal deities, while granting the existence of others.
Academically speaking, the ancient Vedic scriptures, upon which Hinduism is derived, describe four authorized disciplic lines of teaching coming down over thousands of years. (Padma Purana). Four of them propound that the Absolute Truth is Fully Personal, as in Judeo-Christian theology. That the Primal Original God is Personal, both transcendent and immanent throughout creation. He can be, and is often approached through worship of Murtis, called "Archa-Vigraha", which are described in the Vedas as likenesses of His various dynamic, spiritual Forms. This is the Vaisnava theology.
The fifth disciplic line of Vedic spirituality, founded by Shankaracharya, promotes the concept that the Absolute is Brahman, without clear differentiations, without will, without thought, without intelligence.
In the Smarta denomination of Hinduism, the philosophy of Advaita expounded by Shankara allows veneration of numerous deities with the understanding that all of them are but manifestations of one impersonal divine power, Brahman. Therefore, according to various schools of Vedanta including Shankara, which is the most influential and important Hindu theological tradition, there are a great number of deities in Hinduism, such as Vishnu, Shiva, Ganesha, Hanuman, Lakshmi, and Kali, but they are essentially different forms of the same "Being". However, many Vedantic philosophers also argue that all individuals were united by the same impersonal, divine power in the form of the Atman.
Many other Hindus, however, view polytheism as far preferable to monotheism. Ram Swarup, for example, points to the Vedas as being specifically polytheistic, and states that, "only some form of polytheism alone can do justice to this variety and richness." Sita Ram Goel, another 20th-century Hindu historian, wrote:
Some Hindus construe this notion of polytheism in the sense of polymorphism—one God with many forms or names. The Rig Veda, the primary Hindu scripture, elucidates this as follows:
They call him Indra, Mitra, Varuna, Agni, and he is heavenly nobly-winged Garutman. "To what is One", sages give many a title they call it Agni, Yama, Matarisvan. Book I, Hymn 164, Verse 46 Rigveda 
Serer religion.
In Africa, polytheism in Serer religion dates as far back to the Neolithic Era (possibly earlier) when the ancient ancestors of the Serer people represented their "Pangool" on the Tassili n'Ajjer. The supreme creator deity in Serer religion is Roog. However, there are many deities and Pangool (singular : "Fangool", the interceders with the divine) in Serer religion. Each one has its own purpose and serves as Roog's agent on Earth. Amongst the Cangin speakers, a sub-group of the Serers, Roog is known as Koox.
Neopaganism.
"Hard" polytheism is the belief that gods are distinct, separate, real divine beings not psychological archetypes or personifications of natural forces. Hard polytheists reject the idea that "all gods are one god." "Hard" polytheists do not necessarily consider the gods of all cultures as being equally real, a theological position formally known as integrational polytheism or omnitheism.
This is contrasted with "Soft" polytheism, which holds that gods may be aspects of only one god, psychological archetypes or personifications of natural forces.
"Soft Polytheism" is prevalent in New Age and syncretic currents of Neopaganism, as are psychological interpretations of deities as archetypes of the human psyche. English occultist Dion Fortune was a major populiser of soft polytheism. In her novel, "The Sea Priestess", she wrote, "All gods are one god, and all goddesses are one goddess, and there is one initiator." This phrase is very popular among some Neopagans (notably, Wiccans) and incorrectly often believed to be just a recent work of fiction. However, Fortune indeed quoted from an ancient source, the Latin novel The Golden Ass of Apuleius. Fortune's soft polytheist compromise between monotheism and polytheism has been described as "pantheism" (Greek: πάν "pan" 'all' and θεός "theos" 'god'). However, "Pantheism" has a longer history of usage to refer to a view of an all-encompassing immanent divine.
Neopaganism often blends polytheism with pantheism or panentheism.
Wicca.
Wicca is a duotheistic faith created by Gerald Gardner that allows for polytheism. Wiccans specifically worship the Lord and Lady of the Isles (their names are oathbound). It is an orthopraxic mystery religion that requires initiation to the priesthood in order to consider oneself Wiccan. Wicca emphasizes duality and the cycle of nature.
Reconstructionism.
Reconstructionists are Neopagans who apply scholarly disciplines such as history, etymology, archaeology, linguistics and others to a traditional religion that has been destroyed such as Norse Paganism, Greek Paganism, Celtic paganism and others. After researching his or her path a reconstructionist or "recon" for short will apply the customs, morals and worldview to the modern day. Although many describe themselves as "hard" polytheists, others claim that this is not the only historically accurate polytheist theology.

</doc>
<doc id="19195908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195908" title="58th (CTA station)">
58th (CTA station)

58th was a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's Green Line in the Washington Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. The station was located at 320-24 E. 58th Street. 58th opened on January 22, 1893, as part of the South Side Elevated Railroad's expansion to serve the World's Columbian Exposition. The station closed with the rest of the Green Line on January 9, 1994, to be rebuilt, but did not reopen with the rest of the Green Line on May 12, 1996, because of its proximity to the Garfield station.
History.
58th opened on January 22, 1893, when the South Side Elevated Railroad expanded southward to serve the World's Columbian Exposition in Jackson Park. The station was designed by Myron H. Church and built by the Rapid Transit and Bridge Construction Company, and it included elements of the Queen Anne style as well as the Chicago school. The original station house was brick and had a half-cone bay at the top of the building. 58th was built with an island platform, an anomaly among the South Side Elevated stations which generally had two side platforms. The original canopy was hump-shaped; this style was common among South Side Elevated stations at the time, but the canopy at 58th outlasted most of the original canopies at other stations.
When the Englewood Branch became part of the South Side Elevated in 1905, 58th became the transfer station between the Englewood and Jackson Park branches. At the start of the branch's operation, the South Side Elevated ran shuttle trains from 58th to the end of the branch, and passengers had to take Jackson Park trains from 58th. Express service from Englewood to downtown was established in 1906, and the shuttle to 58th was discontinued in 1911. 58th remained the transfer station between the two branches until A/B skip stop service went into effect in 1949. The station then became an "A" station and only served Englewood trains, and 51st became the transfer station between the two branches. 58th shortly became the transfer point again in 1993 when the CTA discontinued skip-stop service.
The CTA began to rebuild 58th in 1983. The platform was rebuilt first, and the original canopy was replaced with a new canopy which extended over the rails. The station house was scheduled to be rebuilt in 1986; it was paid for by a separate project because of the CTA's lack of funds for renovation. However, the project was delayed until 1988. The original station house was then removed, but a new station house was never built, and temporary turnstiles were installed on the platform.
Closure and demolition.
On January 9, 1994, 58th closed along with the other Green Line stations so the line could be rebuilt. However, 58th never reopened after the renovation because of its proximity to Garfield and the CTA's desire to cut operating costs after the renovation. The station was gated off, but the platform and stairs remained for 18 years after closure. Because federal funds were used in the station's renovation, the CTA was required to keep 58th in operable condition and could not demolish what remained of the station until the federal grant amount had amortized. By 2010, however, the platform decking had deteriorated to the point that it could no longer be used even by CTA personnel. As a result, the CTA demolished what remained of the station between late January and early February 2012. , the only remnants of the station are the wide extra space between the two Green Line tracks, as well as the elevated structure around the station site.

</doc>
<doc id="19195923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195923" title="Diamond Head (album)">
Diamond Head (album)

Diamond Head is the first solo album by Phil Manzanera, issued in 1975. It was originally issued in the UK on Island (who was handling all E.G. recordings) and in US on Atco. The sound quality on the US album left a lot to be desired, so the UK import was a popular seller in the speciality record shops who sold Roxy Music and other UK bands.
Unlike other solo albums issued by an instrumental member of an existing band (Manzanera was Roxy Music's lead guitarist), "Diamond Head" featured a number of vocal songs performed by guest musicians.
The album's title inspired the name of the English heavy metal band Diamond Head.
Track listing.
All songs by Phil Manzanera, except where noted.
bonus track on remastered CD and deluxe edition CD:
10 "Carhumba" (instrumental - originally issued as the b-side to "Flight 19")
bonus track on deluxe edition CD:
11 "Corazon Y Alma" (originally issued on the "Rare One" CD)

</doc>
<doc id="19195926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195926" title="Vivian Zapata">
Vivian Zapata

Vivian Zapata was selected as the official artist of the 6th Annual Latin Grammy Awards held in Los Angeles CA.
Zapata's artwork was used as the official image for the event. The Latin Grammys usually hire a professional artist; this was the first ever competition and she became the first student allowed by the Latin Recording Academy to make the official poster.

</doc>
<doc id="19195931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195931" title="Mikael Lind">
Mikael Lind

Mikael Lind (born February 20, 1972) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently with the Brynäs IF team in the Swedish Elitserien league.

</doc>
<doc id="19195953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195953" title="Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center">
Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center

Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center may refer to:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19195965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195965" title="Iroquois">
Iroquois

The Iroquois ( or ), also known as the Haudenosaunee , or the Six Nations, (the Five Nations and "Five Nations of the Iroquois" before 1722), and to themselves the Goano'ganoch'sa'jeh'seroni or Ganonsyoni'".
A historically powerful and important northeast Native American people who formed the Iroquois Confederacy and today make up the Six Nations. Many prominent individuals are Iroquois or have Iroquois ancestry. A melting pot culture, vibrant today in language, culture, and independent governance.
In 2010, more than 45,000 enrolled Six Nations people lived in Canada, and about 80,000 in the United States.
Iroquois League.
The original Iroquois League, based in present-day upstate New York, was also known as the Five Nations, as it was composed of the Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga, and Seneca nations. The Five Nations are believed to have emerged as distinct tribes by the 15th century or earlier. Each nation had a distinct territory and function within the League. Iroquois influence extended into Canada, westward into the Great Lakes and down both sides of the Allegheny mountains into Virginia and Kentucky. To reduce conflict, these people came together in an association known today as the Iroquois League, which in their language was known as the League of Peace and Power.
The League is embodied in the Grand Council, an assembly of fifty hereditary "sachems".
The Iroquois and most Iroquoian peoples have a matrilineal kinship system; descent and inheritance pass through the maternal lines, and children are considered born into their mother's clan. Their clan mothers, or main women of the leagues, have considerable political power, helping determine chiefs within a warrior culture. The nations often took captives in warfare, adopting young survivors. Their adoptees included European captives as well as Native Americans; they were adopted by women into specific clans within each nation. Scholars suggest this practice helped the nations' retain their power in decades of high mortality due to infectious disease and warfare.
When Europeans first arrived in North America, the Haudenosaunee were based in what is now the northeastern United States, primarily in what is referred to today as upstate New York west of the Hudson River and through the Finger Lakes region.
French, Dutch and British colonists in both Canada and the Thirteen Colonies recognized a need to gain favor with the Iroquois people who occupied a significant portion of lands west of colonial settlements. Thus, for nearly 200 years the Iroquois were a powerful factor in North American colonial policy-making decisions. Alignment with Iroquois offered political and strategic advantages. Simultaneously, the Iroquois were universally feared by colonial settlers. 
The Iroquois remained a politically unique, undivided, large Native American polity up until the American Revolution.
The Iroquois League has also been known as the Iroquois Confederacy. Modern scholars distinguish between the League and the Confederacy. According to this interpretation, the Iroquois League refers to the ceremonial and cultural institution embodied in the Grand Council, while the Iroquois Confederacy is the decentralized political and diplomatic entity that emerged in response to European colonization. The League still exists. The Confederacy dissolved after the defeat of the British and allied Iroquois nations in the American Revolutionary War. After the defeat of the British and their Iroquois allies in the American Revolutionary War, most migrated to Canada.
Other Iroquoian-speaking peoples had lived at various times along the St. Lawrence River, around the Great Lakes, and in the American Southeast, but they were not part of the Haudenosaunee. Some competed and warred with the Haudenosaunee. After extended colonial warfare against the Tuscarora an Iroquoian people in North Carolina, survivors migrated north in the early 18th century to join the Iroquois in New York. They were accepted as the Sixth Nation in the Iroquois League. Remnants of other, now extinct tribes, are known to have been absorbed over time into the Iroquois.
History.
Formation of the League.
The Iroquois League was established prior to major European contact. Most archaeologists and anthropologists believe that the League was formed sometime between about 1450 and 1600. A few claims have been made for an earlier date (See note 1). One recent study argues that the League formed shortly after a solar eclipse on August 31, 1142, an occurrence apparently related to oral tradition about the League's origins. Anthropologist Dean Snow argues that the archaeological evidence does not support a date earlier than 1450, and that recent claims for a much earlier date "may be for contemporary political purposes".
According to tradition, the League was formed through the efforts of two men, "Dekanawida", sometimes known as the Great Peacemaker, and "Hiawatha" . They brought a message, known as the Great Law of Peace, to the squabbling Iroquoian nations, who were fighting, raiding and feuding with one another as often as they fought other tribes. The nations who joined the League were the Mohawk, Onondaga, Oneida, Cayuga and Seneca.
Once they ceased most of their infighting, the political cohesion of the Iroquois rapidly became one of the strongest forces in 17th- and 18th-century northeastern North America. The editors of "American Heritage" magazine suggest the tribal spokesmen were politically sophisticated, and as manipulative as many a modern politician arguing in ""The AMERICAN HERITAGE Book of INDIANS"" (1961) that the five tribes rarely agreed on any one issue, and while externally cohesive, traded on their reputation to play the French, Swedish, Dutch and finally the British off against one another and to the detriment of less cohesive tribes, such as the Susquehannock or Lenape.
According to legend, an evil Onondaga chieftain named "Tadodaho" was the last converted to the ways of peace by The Great Peacemaker and Hiawatha. He became the spiritual leader of the Haudenosaunee. This is said to have occurred at Onondaga Lake near present-day Syracuse, New York. The title "Tadodaho" is still used for the league's spiritual leader, the fiftieth chief, who sits with the Onondaga in council. He is the only one of the fifty to have been chosen by the entire Haudenosaunee people. The current "Tadodaho" is Sid Hill of the Onondaga Nation.
After becoming united in the League, the Iroquois invaded the Ohio River Valley in present-day Kentucky to seek additional hunting grounds. According to one theory of pre-contact history, the Haudenosaunee by about 1200 pushed Siouan-speaking tribes of the Ohio River valley, such as the Quapaw (Akansea) and Ofo (Mosopelea), out of the region; they migrated and settled west of the Mississippi River. The explorer Robert La Salle in the 17th century identified the Mosopelea as among the Ohio Valley peoples defeated by the Iroquois in the early 1670s, during the Beaver Wars.
By 1673, the Siouan-speaking groups had settled in the Midwest, establishing what became known as their historical territories. Just as the Siouan peoples were displaced by the Iroquois, they displaced less powerful tribes whom they encountered west of the Mississippi, such as the Osage, who moved further west.
Expansion.
In "Reflections in Bullough's Pond", historian Diana Muir argues that the pre-contact Iroquois were an imperialist, expansionist culture whose cultivation of the corn/beans/squash agricultural complex enabled them to support a large population. They made war primarily against neighboring Algonquian peoples. Muir uses archaeological data to argue that the Iroquois expansion onto Algonquian lands was checked by the Algonquian adoption of agriculture. This enabled them to support their own populations large enough to have sufficient warriors to defend against the threat of Iroquois conquest.
The Iroquois may be the "Kwedech" described in the oral legends of the Mi'kmaq nation of Eastern Canada. These legends relate that the Mi'kmaq in the late pre-contact period had gradually driven their enemies – the "Kwedech" – westward across New Brunswick, and finally out of the Lower St. Lawrence River region. The Mi'kmaq named the last-conquered land "Gespedeg" or "last land," from which the French derived "Gaspé". The "Kwedech" are generally considered to have been Iroquois, specifically the Mohawk; their expulsion from Gaspé by the Mi'kmaq has been estimated as occurring c. 1535–1600.
Around 1535, Jacques Cartier reported Iroquoian-speaking groups on the Gaspé peninsula and along the St. Lawrence River. Archeologists and anthropologists have defined the St. Lawrence Iroquoians as a distinct and separate group (and possibly several discrete groups), living in the villages of Hochelaga and others nearby (near present-day Montreal), which had been visited by Cartier. By 1608, when Samuel de Champlain visited the area, that part of the St. Lawrence River valley had no settlements, but was controlled by the Mohawk as a hunting ground. On the Gaspé peninsula, Champlain encountered Algonquian-speaking groups. The precise identity of any of these groups is still debated.
The Iroquois became well known in the southern colonies in the 17th century. by this time. After the first English settlement in Jamestown, Virginia (1607), numerous 17th-century accounts describe a powerful people known to the Powhatan Confederacy as the "Massawomeck", and to the French as the "Antouhonoron". They were said to come from the north, beyond the Susquehannock territory. Historians have often identified the "Massawomeck / Antouhonoron" as the Haudenosaunee. Other Iroquoian-language tribes included the Erie, who were destroyed by the Iroquois in 1654 over competition for the fur trade.
Between 1665 and 1670, the Iroquois established seven villages on the northern shores of Lake Ontario in present-day Ontario, collectively known as the “Iroquois du Nord” villages. The villages were all abandoned by 1701.
Over the years 1670–1710, the Five Nations achieved political dominance of much of Virginia west of the fall line and extending to the Ohio River valley in present-day West Virginia. As a result of the Beaver Wars, they pushed Siouan-speaking tribes out of the Ohio Valley and reserved the territory as a hunting ground by right of conquest. They continued to claim it until 1722, when they began selling land in the area to British allies.
Beaver Wars.
Beginning in 1609, the League engaged in a decades-long series of wars, the so-called Beaver Wars, against the French, their Huron allies, and other neighboring tribes, including the Petun, Erie, and Susquehannock. Trying to control access to game for the lucrative fur trade, they put great pressure on the Algonquian peoples of the Atlantic coast (the Lenape or Delaware), the Anishinaabe peoples of the boreal Canadian Shield region, and not infrequently fought the English colonies as well. During the Beaver Wars, they were said to have defeated and assimilated the Huron (1649), Petun (1650) the Neutral Nation (1651), Erie Tribe (1657), and Susquehannock (1680). The traditional view is that these wars were a way to control the lucrative fur trade in order to access European goods on which they had become dependent.
Recent scholarship has elaborated on this view, arguing that the Beaver Wars were an escalation of the "Mourning Wars," which were an integral part of Iroquois culture. This view suggests that the Iroquois launched large-scale attacks against neighboring tribes in order to avenge or replace the massive number of deaths resulting from battles or smallpox epidemics.
In 1628, the Mohawk defeated the Mahican to gain a monopoly in the fur trade with the Dutch at Fort Orange, New Netherland. The Mohawk would not allow Canadian native peoples to trade with the Dutch. In 1645, a tentative peace was forged between the Iroquois and the Huron, Algonquin, and French.
In 1646, Jesuit missionaries at Sainte-Marie among the Hurons went as envoys to the Mohawk lands to protect the fragile peace of the time. Mohawk attitudes toward the peace soured while the Jesuits were traveling, and their warriors attacked the party en route. The missionaries were taken to the village of "Ossernenon" (near present-day Auriesville, New York), where the moderate Turtle and Wolf clans recommended setting the priests free.
Angered, members of the Bear clan killed Jean de Lalande and Isaac Jogues on October 18, 1646. The Catholic Church has commemorated the two French priests as among the eight North American Martyrs. In 1649 during the Beaver Wars, the Iroquois used recently purchased Dutch guns to attack the Huron, who were allied with the French. These attacks, primarily against the Huron towns of Taenhatentaron (St. Ignace) and St. Louis in Michigan, were the final battles that effectively destroyed the Huron Confederacy. From 1651 to 1652, the Iroquois attacked the Susquehannocks, located to the south in present-day Pennsylvania, without sustained success.
In the early 17th century, the Iroquois Confederacy was at the height of its power, with a total population of about 12,000 people.
In 1653 the Onondaga Nation extended a peace invitation to New France. An expedition of Jesuits, led by Simon Le Moyne, established Sainte Marie de Ganentaa in 1656 in their territory. The Jesuits were forced to abandon the mission by 1658 as hostilities resumed, possibly because of the sudden death of 500 native people from an epidemic of smallpox, a European infectious disease to which they had no immunity.
From 1658 to 1663, the Iroquois were at war with the Susquehannock and their Lenape and Province of Maryland allies. In 1663, a large Iroquois invasion force was defeated at the Susquehannock main fort. In 1663, the Iroquois were at war with the Sokoki tribe of the upper Connecticut River. Smallpox struck again; and through the effects of disease, famine and war, the Iroquois were threatened by extermination. In 1664, an Oneida party struck at allies of the Susquehannock on Chesapeake Bay.
In 1665, three of the Five Nations made peace with the French. The following year, the Canadian Governor sent the Carignan regiment under Marquis de Tracy to confront the Mohawk and the Oneida. The Mohawk avoided battle, but the French burned their villages and crops.
In 1667, the remaining two Iroquois Nations signed a peace treaty with the French and agreed to allow their missionaries to visit their villages. This treaty lasted for 17 years.
1670–1701.
Around 1670, the Iroquois drove the Siouan-speaking Mannahoac tribe out of the northern Virginia Piedmont region. They began to claim ownership of the territory by right of conquest. In 1672, the Iroquois were defeated by a war party of Susquehannock. The Iroquois appealed to the French for support and asked Governor Frontenac to assist them against the Susquehannock.
Some old histories state that the Iroquois defeated the Susquehannock during this time period. As no record of a defeat has been found, historians have concluded that no defeat occurred. In 1677, the Iroquois adopted the majority of the Iroquoian-speaking Susquehannock into their nation.
By 1677, the Iroquois formed an alliance with the English through an agreement known as the Covenant Chain. Together they battled to a standstill the French, who were allied with the Huron. These Iroquoian people had been a traditional and historic foe of the Confederacy. The Iroquois colonized the northern shore of Lake Ontario and sent raiding parties westward all the way to Illinois Country. The tribes of Illinois were eventually defeated, not by the Iroquois, but by the Potawatomis.
In 1679, the Susquehannock, with Iroquois help, attacked Maryland's Piscataway and Mattawoman allies. Peace was not reached until 1685.
In 1684, the Iroquois invaded Virginia and Illinois territory again and unsuccessfully attacked French outposts in the latter. Trying to reduce warfare in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia, later that year the Virginia Colony agreed in a conference at Albany to recognize the Iroquois' right to use the North-South path, known as the Great Warpath, running east of the Blue Ridge, provided they did not intrude on the English settlements east of the fall line.
In 1687, Jacques-René de Brisay de Denonville, Marquis de Denonville, Governor of New France from 1685 to 1689, set out for Fort Frontenac with a well-organized force. They met with 50 hereditary sachems from the Onondaga council fire, who came under a flag of truce. Denonville recaptured the fort for New France and seized, chained, and shipped the 50 Iroquois chiefs to Marseilles, France, to be used as galley slaves.
He ravaged the land of the Seneca, landing a French armada at Irondequoit Bay, striking straight into the seat of Seneca power, and destroying many of its villages. Fleeing before the attack, the Seneca moved further west, east and south down the Susquehanna River. Although great damage was done to the Seneca home land, the Seneca’s military might was not appreciably weakened. The Confederacy and the Seneca developed an alliance with the English who were settling in the east. The destruction of the Seneca land infuriated the members of the Iroquois Confederacy. On August 4, 1689, they retaliated by burning to the ground Lachine, a small town adjacent to Montreal. Fifteen hundred Iroquois warriors had been harassing Montreal defenses for many months prior to that.
They finally exhausted and defeated Denonville and his forces. His tenure was followed by the return of Frontenac, who succeeded Denonville as Governor for the next nine years (1689–1698). Frontenac had been arranging a new plan of attack to lessen the effects of the Iroquois in North America. Realizing the danger of continuing to hold the sachems, he located the 13 surviving leaders of the 50 originally taken and returned with them to New France in October 1689.
In 1696 Frontenac decided to take the field against the Iroquois, although at this time he was seventy-six years of age. On July 6 he left Lachine at the head of a considerable force for the village of the Onondagas, where he arrived a month later. With support from the French, the Algonquian nations drove the Iroquois out of the territories north of Lake Erie and west of present-day Cleveland, Ohio, regions which they had conquered during the Beaver Wars. In the meantime the Iroquois had abandoned their villages, and as pursuit was impracticable the army commenced its return march on August 10. Under Frontenac's leadership, the Canadian militia became increasingly adept at guerrilla warfare and took the war into Iroquois territory and attacked a number of English settlements. The result was that the Iroquois would never again be a peril to the French colony.
During King William's War (North American part of the War of the Grand Alliance), the Iroquois were allied with the English. In July 1701, they concluded the "Nanfan Treaty", deeding the English a large tract north of the Ohio River. The Iroquois claimed to have conquered this territory 80 years earlier. France did not recognize the validity of the treaty, as it had some actual presence in the territory at that time and the English virtually none. Meanwhile, the Iroquois were negotiating peace with the French; together they signed the Great Peace of Montreal that same year.
French and Indian Wars.
After the 1701 peace treaty with the French, the Iroquois remained mostly neutral. During Queen Anne's War (North American part of the War of the Spanish Succession), they were involved in planned attacks against the French. Peter Schuyler, mayor of Albany, arranged for three Mohawk chiefs and a Mahican chief (known incorrectly as the Four Mohawk Kings) to travel to London in 1710 to meet with Queen Anne in an effort to seal an alliance with the British. Queen Anne was so impressed by her visitors that she commissioned their portraits by court painter John Verelst. The portraits are believed to be the earliest surviving oil portraits of Aboriginal peoples taken from life.
In the first quarter of the 18th century, the Iroquoian-speaking Tuscarora fled north from the pressure of British colonization of North Carolina and inter-tribal warfare; they had been subject to having captives sold into Indian slavery. They petitioned to become the sixth nation of the Iroquois Confederacy. This was a non-voting position, but they gained the protection of the Haudenosaunee.
In 1721 and 1722, Lt. Governor Alexander Spotswood of Virginia concluded a new Treaty at Albany with the Iroquois, renewing the Covenant Chain and agreeing to recognize the Blue Ridge as the demarcation between Virginia Colony and the Iroquois. But, as European settlers began to move beyond the Blue Ridge and into the Shenandoah Valley in the 1730s, the Iroquois objected. Virginia officials told them that the demarcation was to prevent the Iroquois from trespassing "east" of the Blue Ridge, but it did not prevent English from expanding "west." Tensions increased over the next decades, and the Iroquois were on the verge of going to war with the Virginia Colony. In 1743, Governor Gooch paid them the sum of 100 pounds sterling for any settled land in the Valley that was claimed by the Iroquois. The following year at the Treaty of Lancaster, the Iroquois sold Virginia all their remaining claims in the Shenandoah Valley for 200 pounds in gold.
During the French and Indian War (North American part of the Seven Years' War), the Iroquois sided with the British against the French and their Algonquian allies, both traditional enemies of the Iroquois. The Iroquois hoped that aiding the British would also bring favors after the war. Few Iroquois warriors joined the campaign. In the Battle of Lake George, a group of Catholic Mohawk (from "Kahnawake") and French ambushed a Mohawk-led British column.
After the war, to protect their alliance, the British government issued the Royal Proclamation of 1763, forbidding white settlements beyond the Appalachian Mountains. Colonists largely ignored the order, and the British had insufficient soldiers to enforce it. The Iroquois agreed to adjust the line again at the Treaty of Fort Stanwix (1768), whereby they sold the British Crown all their remaining claim to the lands between the Ohio and Tennessee rivers.
American Revolution.
During the American Revolution, the Iroquois first tried to stay neutral. Pressed to join one side or the other, the Tuscarora and the Oneida sided with the colonists, while the Mohawk, Seneca, Onondaga and Cayuga remained loyal to Great Britain, with whom they had stronger relationships. It was the first political split among the Six Nations. Joseph Louis Cook offered his services to the United States and received a Congressional commission as a Lieutenant Colonel- the highest rank held by any Native American during the war.
The Mohawk war chief Joseph Brant, other war chiefs, and British allies conducted numerous operations against frontier settlements in the Mohawk Valley, including the Cherry Valley massacre, destroying many villages and crops, killing and capturing inhabitants. The Continentals retaliated and in 1779, George Washington ordered the Sullivan Campaign, led by Col. Daniel Brodhead and General John Sullivan, against the Iroquois nations to "not merely overrun, but destroy," the British-Indian alliance. They burned many Iroquois villages and stores throughout western New York; refugees moved north to Canada. By the end of the war, few houses and barns in the valley had survived the warfare.
Post-war.
After the Revolutionary war, the ancient central fireplace of the League was reestablished at Buffalo Creek. Captain Joseph Brant and a group of Iroquois left New York to settle in the Province of Quebec (present-day Ontario). As a reward for their loyalty to the British Crown, they were given a large land grant on the Grand River, at Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation. Brant's crossing of the river gave the original name to the area: Brant's ford. By 1847, European settlers began to settle nearby and named the village Brantford. The original Mohawk settlement was on the south edge of the present-day city at a location still favorable for launching and landing canoes. In the 1830s many additional Onondaga, Oneida, Seneca, Cayuga, and Tuscarora relocated into the Indian Territory, the Province of Upper Canada and Wisconsin.
Culture.
Melting pot.
The Iroquois are a melting pot of other Native groups. League traditions allowed for the dead to be symbolically replaced through captives taken in "mourning wars," the blood feuds and vendettas that were an essential aspect of Iroquois culture. As a way of expediting the mourning process, raids were conducted to take vengeance and seize captives. Captives were generally adopted directly by the grieving family to replace the member(s) who had been lost. This process not only allowed the Iroquois to maintain their own numbers, but also to disperse and assimilate their enemies. The adoption of conquered peoples, especially during the period of the Beaver Wars (1609-1701), meant that the Iroquois League was composed largely of naturalized members of other tribes. Cadwallader Colden wrote,
"It has been a constant maxim with the Five Nations, to save children and young men of the people they conquer, to adopt them into their own Nation, and to educate them as their own children, without distinction; These young people soon forget their own country and nation and by this policy the Five Nations make up the losses which their nation suffers by the people they lose in war." By 1668, two-thirds of the Oneida village were assimilated Algonquians and Hurons. At Onondaga there were Native Americans of seven different nations and among the Seneca eleven. They also adopted European captives, as did the Catholic Mohawk in settlements outside Montreal. This tradition of adoption and assimilation was common to native people of the northeast but was quite different from European settlers' notions of combat.
Food.
The Iroquois are a mix of horticulturalists, farmers, fishers, gatherers and hunters, though their main diet traditionally has come from farming. The main crops they cultivated are corn, beans and squash, which were called the three sisters and are considered special gifts from the Creator. These crops are grown strategically. The cornstalks grow, the bean plants climb the stalks, and the squash grow beneath, inhibiting weeds and keeping the soil moist under the shade of their broad leaves. In this combination, the soil remained fertile for several decades. The food was stored during the winter, and it lasted for two to three years. When the soil eventually lost its fertility, the Haudenosaunee migrated.
Gathering is the traditional job of the women and children. Wild roots, greens, berries and nuts were gathered in the summer. During spring, sap is tapped from the maple trees and boiled into maple syrup, and herbs are gathered for medicine.
The Iroquois hunt mostly deer but also other game such as wild turkey and migratory birds. Muskrat and beaver are hunted during the winter. Fishing has also been a significant source of food because the Iroquois are located near the St. Lawrence River. They fished salmon, trout, bass, perch and whitefish until the St. Lawrence became too polluted by industry. In the spring the Iroquois netted, and in the winter fishing holes were made in the ice.
Traditional herbal medicine.
Plants traditionally used by the Iroquois include Agrimonia gryposepala, which was to treat diarrhea, and interrupted fern, used for blood and venereal diseases and conditions. Cone flower (Echinacea), an immune system booster and treatment for respiratory disease was also known and used.
Women in society.
The Iroquois are a Mother Clan system, which is gender equal. No person is entitled to 'own' land, but it is believed that the Creator appointed women as stewards of the land. Traditionally, the Clan Mothers appoint leaders, as they have raised children and are therefore held to a higher regard. By the same token, if a leader does not prove sound, becomes corrupt or does not listen to the people, the Clan Mothers have the power to strip him of his leadership.
When Americans and Canadians of European descent began to study Iroquois customs in the 18th and 19th centuries, they learned that the people had a matrilineal system: women held property and hereditary leadership passed through their lines. They held dwellings, horses and farmed land, and a woman's property before marriage stayed in her possession without being mixed with that of her husband. They had separate roles but real power in the nations. The work of a woman's hands was hers to do with as she saw fit. At marriage, a young couple lived in the longhouse of the wife's family. A woman choosing to divorce a shiftless or otherwise unsatisfactory husband was able to ask him to leave the dwelling and take his possessions with him.
The children of the marriage belong to their mother's clan and gain their social status through hers. Her brothers are important teachers and mentors to the children, especially introducing boys to men's roles and societies. The clans are matrilineal, that is, clan ties are traced through the mother's line. If a couple separated, the woman traditionally kept the children. The chief of a clan can be removed at any time by a council of the women elders of that clan. The chief's sister was responsible for nominating his successor.
Spiritual beliefs.
The Iroquois believe that the spirits change the seasons. Key festivals coincided with the major events of the agricultural calendar, including a harvest festival of thanksgiving. The Great Peacemaker (Deganawida) was their prophet. After the arrival of the Europeans, many Iroquois became Christians, among them Kateri Tekakwitha, a young woman of Mohawk-Algonquin parents. Traditional spirituality was revived to some extent in the second half of the 18th century by the teachings of the Haudenosaunee prophet Handsome Lake.
People.
Name.
As noted by Barbara Graymont in her 1972 work on the Iroquois, they referred to their League as "Ganonsyoni", meaning "The Lodge Extended Lengthwise", that is, a lodge that is "spread out far". It referred to their lodges or longhouses, the traditional dwellings, and their total territory of the Five Nations.
Historians and anthropologists have estimated the Iroquois League was formed at dates ranging from 1450 to 1660. Iroquois tradition follows the earlier date, and they believe the League was formed by two men, both adopted into the Mohawk nation. "Deganawida" was a Huron adopted by the Mohawk. "Hiawatha," his spokesman, was an Onondaga who was also adopted by the Mohawk.
The Iroquois call themselves the "Haudenosaunee", which means "People of the Longhouse," or more accurately, "They Are Building a Long House." According to their tradition, The Great Peacemaker introduced the name at the time of the formation of the League. It implies that the nations of the League should live together as families in the same longhouse.
Traditionally, Kanien:kéhaka (Mohawk) are the guardians of the eastern door, as they are located in the east closest to the Hudson, and the Seneca are the guardians of the western door of the "tribal longhouse", the territory they controlled in present-day New York. Onoñda'gega' (Onondaga), whose homeland is in the center of Haudenosaunee territory, are keepers of the League's (both literal and figurative) central flame.
The French colonists referred to the Haudenosaunee as "Iroquois," derived from terms used by the Algonquian-speaking tribes they first encountered along the Atlantic Coast. The name has two possible origins, both deriving from Algonquian-speaking tribes, with whom the Haudenosaunee historically competed; they were enemies:
Nations.
The first five nations listed below formed the original Five Nations (listed from east to west, as they were oriented to the sunrise); the Tuscarora became the sixth nation in 1720.
Clans.
Within each of the six nations, people belonged to a number of matrilineal clans. The number of clans varies by nation, currently from three to eight, with a total of nine different clan names.
Population history.
According to data compiled in 1995 by Doug George-Kanentiio, a total of 51,255 Six Nations people lived in Canada. These included 15,631 Mohawk in Quebec; 14,051 Mohawk in Ontario; 3,970 Oneida in Ontario; and a total of 17,603 of the Six Nations at the Grand River Reserve in Ontario.
That year, tribal registrations among the Six Nations in the United States numbered about 30,000 in total, with the majority of 17,566 in New York. The remainder were more than 10,000 Oneida in Wisconsin, and about 2200 Seneca-Cayuga in Oklahoma. As the nations individually determine their rules for membership or citizenship, they report the official numbers. (Some traditional members of the nations refuse to be counted.) There is no federally recognized Iroquois nation or tribe, nor are any Native Americans enrolled as Iroquois.
In the 2000 United States census, 80,822 people identified as having Iroquois ethnicity (which is similar to identifying as European), with 45,217 claiming only Iroquois ancestry. In the 2010 Census, 81,002 persons identified as Iroquois, and 42,461 as Iroquois only.
Government.
The Grand Council of the Iroquois League is an assembly of 56 "Hoyenah" (chiefs) or Sachems, a number that has never changed. Today, the seats on the Council are distributed among the Six Nations as follows:
When anthropologist Lewis Henry Morgan studied the Grand Council in the 19th century, he interpreted it as a central government. This interpretation became influential, but Richter argues that while the Grand Council served an important ceremonial role, it was not a government in the sense that Morgan thought. According to this view, Iroquois political and diplomatic decisions are made on the local level, and are based on assessments of community consensus. A central government that develops policy and implements it for the people at large is not the Iroquois model of government.
Unanimity in public acts was essential to the Council. In 1855, Minnie Myrtle observed that no Iroquois treaty was binding unless it was ratified by 75% of the male voters and 75% of the mothers of the nation. In revising Council laws and customs, a consent of two-thirds of the mothers was required. The need for a double supermajority to make major changes made the Confederacy a "de facto" consensus government.
The women traditionally held real power, particularly the power to veto treaties or declarations of war. The members of the Grand Council of Sachems were chosen by the mothers of each clan. If any leader failed to comply with the wishes of the women of his tribe and the Great Law of Peace, the mother of his clan could demote him, a process called "knocking off the horns". The deer antlers, emblem of leadership, were removed from his headgear, thus returning him to private life.
Councils of the mothers of each tribe were held separately from the men's councils. The women used men as runners to send word of their decisions to concerned parties, or a woman could appear at the men's council as an orator, presenting the view of the women. Women often took the initiative in suggesting legislation.
Wampum belts.
The term "wampum" refers to beads made from purple and white mollusk shells. Species used to make wampum include the highly prized quahog clam (Mercenaria mercenaria) which produces the famous purple colored beads. For white colored beads the shells from the channeled whelk (Busycon canaliculatum), knobbed whelk (Busycon carica), lightning whelk (Busycon sinistrum), and snow whelk (Busycon Laeostomum) are used.
Wampum was primarily used to make wampum belts by the Iroquois. Wampum belts are used to signify the importance of a specific message being presented. Treaty making often involved wampum belts to signify the importance of the treaty. A famous example is "The Two Row Wampum" or "Guesuenta" meaning 'it brightens our minds' which was originally presented to the Dutch settlers, and then French, representing a canoe and a sailboat, moving side by side along the river of life, not interfering with the others course. All non-Native settlers are, by associations, members of this treaty.
"The Covenant Belt" which was presented to the Iroquois at the signing of the Canandaigua Treaty. The belt has a design of thirteen human figures representing symbolically the Thirteen Colonies of the United States. The house and the two figures directly next to the house represent the Iroquois people and the symbolic longhouse. The figure on the left of the house represent the Seneca Nation who are the symbolic guardians of the western door (western edge of Iroquois territory) and the figure to the right of the house represents the Mohawk who are the keepers of the eastern door (eastern edge of Iroquois territory).
The Hiawatha belt is the national belt of the Iroquois and is represented in the Iroquois Confederacy flag. The belt has four squares and a tree in the middle which represents the original five nations of the Iroquois. Going from left to right the squares represent the Seneca, Cayuga, Oneida and Mohawk. The Onondaga are represented by an eastern white pine which represents the Tree of Peace. Traditionally the Onondaga are the peace keepers of the confederacy. The placement of the nations on the belt represents the actually geographical distribution of the six nations over their shared territory, with the Seneca in the far west and the Mohawk in the far east of Iroquois territory.
Influence on the United States.
Historians in the 20th century have suggested the Iroquois system of government influenced the development of the Articles of Confederation or United States Constitution. Consensus has not been reached on how influential the Iroquois model was to the development of the United States' documents. The influence thesis has been discussed by historians such as Donald Grinde and Bruce Johansen. In 1988, the United States Congress passed a resolution to recognize the influence of the Iroquois League upon the Constitution and Bill of Rights. In 1987, Cornell University held a conference on the link between the Iroquois' government and the U.S. Constitution.
Scholars such as Jack N. Rakove and Elizabeth Tooker challenge the thesis. Stanford University historian Rakove writes, "The voluminous records we have for the constitutional debates of the late 1780s contain no significant references to the Iroquois" and notes that there are ample European precedents to the democratic institutions of the United States. Historian Francis Jennings noted that supporters of the thesis frequently cite the following statement by Benjamin Franklin: "It would be a very strange thing, if six Nations of ignorant savages should be capable of forming a Scheme for such a Union … and yet that a like union should be impracticable for ten or a Dozen English Colonies," but he disagrees that it establishes influence. Rather, he thinks Franklin was promoting union against the "ignorant savages" and called the idea "absurd".
The anthropologist Dean Snow stated that though Franklin's Albany Plan may have drawn inspiration from the Iroquois League, there is little evidence that either the Plan or the Constitution drew substantially from this source. He argues that "...such claims muddle and denigrate the subtle and remarkable features of Iroquois government. The two forms of government are distinctive and individually remarkable in conception."
Tooker, a Temple University professor of anthropology and an authority on the culture and history of the Northern Iroquois, believes the "influence" thesis is myth rather than fact. She does not think that the Iroquois League was a democratic culture; such a conclusion is not supported within historical literature. The relationship between the Iroquois League and the Constitution is based on a portion of a letter written by Benjamin Franklin and a speech by the Iroquois chief Canasatego in 1744. Tooker concluded that the documents cited indicate that groups of Iroquois and white settlers realized the advantages of a confederation, but she thinks there is little evidence to support the idea that 18th century colonists were knowledgeable regarding the Iroquois system of governance.
Historic evidence suggests that chiefs of different tribes were permitted representation in the Iroquois League council, and the leadership positions were hereditary. The council did not practice representative government and had no elections. Deceased chiefs’s successors were selected by the most senior woman within the hereditary lineage in consultation with other women in the clan. Decision making occurred through lengthy discussion and decisions were unanimous, with topics discussed being introduced by a single tribe.
Tooker concludes, "...there is virtually no evidence that the framers borrowed from the Iroquois." She thinks the myth resulted from a claim made by the Iroquois linguist and ethnographer J.N.B. Hewitt, which was exaggerated and misunderstood after his death in 1937.
International relations.
The Haudenosaunee government has issued passports since 1923, when Haudenosaunee authorities issued a passport to Cayuga statesman Deskaheh (Levi General) to travel to the League of Nations headquarters.
More recently, passports have been issued since 1997. Before 2001 these were accepted by various nations for international travel, but with increased security concerns across the world since the September 11 attacks this is no longer the case. 
The Iroquois Nationals lacrosse team was allowed by the U.S. to travel on their own passports to an international lacrosse tournament in England after the personal intervention of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on July 14, 2010, after previously being refused. But, the British government refused to recognize the Iroquois passports and denied the team members entry into the United Kingdom.
The Onondaga Nation spent $1.5 million on a subsequent upgrade to passports designed to meet 21st century international security requirements.
The Iroquois Nationals are considered a country-level organization in international lacrosse competition. It is the only international sport in which the Iroquois tribes field a team.
The Grand Council of the Iroquois Confederacy declared war on Germany in 1917 during World War I and again in 1942 in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19195984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195984" title="Princess Alexandra Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Princess Alexandra Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Princess Alexandra Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (21 April 1887 – 15 April 1957) was a daughter of Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg.
Early life.
Princess Alexandra Victoria was born on 21 April 1887 at Grünholz Manor in Schleswig-Holstein, Prussia as the second eldest daughter of Frederick Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderbug-Glücksburg and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg.
Alexandra Victoria's father was the eldest son of Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and a nephew of Christian IX of Denmark. He had succeeded to the headship of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and the title of duke upon the death of his father on 27 November 1885.
Marriages and issue.
Prince August Wilhelm.
They married on 22 October 1908 at the Berliner Stadtschloss. The marriage was arranged by the Emperor and Empress, but it was relatively happy. Alexandra was a great favorite of her mother-in-law, especially since the Empress was also her own aunt. A contemporary of the court, Princess Catherine Radziwill, commented that Alexandra "had always shown herself willing to listen to her mother-in-law. She is a nice girl - fair, fat, and a perfect type of the 'Deutsche Hausfrau' dear to the souls of German novel-writers". Another contemporary wrote that the marriage had been a love match, and that Alexandra was a "charmingly pretty, bright girl".
The couple had planned to take up residence in Schönhausen Palace in Berlin, but changed their mind when August Wilhelm's father decided to leave his son the Villa Liegnitz in the Sanssouci Park in Potsdam. Their residence developed into a meeting place for artists and scholars.
Alexandra Victoria and August Wilhelm had one son:
During the First World War, August Wilhelm was made district administrator ("Landrat") of the district of Ruppin; his office and residence was now Schloss Rheinsberg. His personal adjutant Hans Georg von Mackensen, with whom he had been close friends since his youth, played an important role in his life. These "pronounced homophilic tendencies" contributed to the failure of his marriage to Princess Alexandra Victoria. They never undertook a formal divorce due to the opposition of August Wilhelm's father, Kaiser Wilhelm II.
After the fall of the German monarchy in 1918, the couple divorced on 16 March 1920.
Arnold Rümann.
Her second husband was Arnold Rümann, whom she married on 7 January 1922 at Grünholz. In 1926, Alexandra moved for a time to New York, where she worked as a painter. She and Arnold were divorced in 1933.
Later life.
After World War II, Alexandra lived in a trailer near Wiesbaden, where she earned a living as a portrait and landscape painter. She died on 14 April 1957 in a hotel in Lyons, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19195987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19195987" title="Dorothy Allred Solomon">
Dorothy Allred Solomon

__NOTOC__
Dorothy Allred Solomon is an American author and educator committed to informing people about the pros and cons of polygamous lifestyles.
Dorothy Allred was born to Mormon fundamentalist leader Rulon C. Allred and his fourth plural wife. She was the 28th of her father's 48 children. In 1977, her father was murdered by agents of rival polygamist leader Ervil LeBaron.
In her memoirs, Allred is open about and critical of the many problems posed by polygamy as practiced by fundamentalist Mormon sects. These problems include the secrecy that necessitated lying to friends and neighbors about their father, constant poverty, jealousy among wives and siblings, an inability to have an emotionally healthy father-child relationship, severe sexual repression, violent schisms both from internal and external rivals to leadership, and other issues rarely encountered in monogamy. In the same memoirs she makes very clear that she had great love and respect for her father, a complex man who was as honorable as his patriarchal position allowed and whose sincerity of belief she never doubted.
As an adult, Dorothy Allred broke with her father's group, the Apostolic United Brethren, and became a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), which officially renounced polygamy in 1890. She entered into a monogamous marriage and was educated at the University of Utah. Unlike the experience of many apostates from polygamous communities and sects, she did continue a relationship with her parents and many members of her extended family, who continued to accept her as their daughter in spite of their disapproval of her membership in the mainstream LDS church.
Solomon is the author of five books, including three that describe aspects of her life growing up in fundamentalist Mormon polygamy. She is active in Utah's movement to educate people about polygamy and has been a guest on "The Oprah Winfrey Show", the "Today Show", "Larry King Live", "Hannity and Colmes", and other talk and news programs. She has also written a screenplay based upon her childhood.
Dorothy Allred Solomon lives with her husband and family in Layton, Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="19196004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196004" title="Gebel Barkal (song)">
Gebel Barkal (song)

"Gebel Barkal" is a vinyl only 7" single by Om. It is the first release of the 2008 Sub Pop singles collection and is limited to 1500 copies. This is the first recording by Om to feature drummer Emil Amos.

</doc>
<doc id="19196007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196007" title="Rhombus formation">
Rhombus formation

A rhombus is a cavalry formation in which troops are arrayed to form a rhombus-shaped body.
The Rhombus in antiquity.
Cavalry in rhombus formation has superior maneuverability, being able to rapidly change its direction by alternating leaders posted at its four points. 
It is the customary formation of the famed Thessalian cavalry and according to Arrian, it was invented by the Thessalian Iason (Jason). Aelian argues that its origins are even more ancient and gives as its inventor the Thessalian Ilon, from whom, he adds, the word "ile" (Greek for cavalry squadron) derives. Asclepiodotus also praises the formation's maneuverability.
According to Asclepiodotus, the Thessalians placed their best men on the sides and the very best of these at the angles. The man at the fore angle was called an ilarches (), the one at the rear angle an ouragos () and those on the right and left angles plagiofylakes ().
There are two ways to form a rhombus, one is by rank and the other by file. The first is formed with each subsequent rank containing one more trooper up to the middle rank, one less from then on. Thus, the first rank is occupied by the ilarches, the second by two men, the third by three and so on. In this type of rhombus, there are no files, as each subsequent rank is arrayed with its men in the intervals between the men in front. The rhombus by file is formed with each subsequent rank containing two more troopers, so the men are posted in files, the first rank being occupied by the ilarches, the second by three men, the third by five and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="19196010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196010" title="Egg (food)">
Egg (food)

Eggs are laid by female animals of many different species, including birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish, and have been eaten by humans for thousands of years. Bird and reptile eggs consist of a protective eggshell, albumen (egg white), and vitellus (egg yolk), contained within various thin membranes. Popular choices for egg consumption are chicken, duck, quail, roe, and caviar, but the egg most often consumed by humans is the chicken egg, by a wide margin.
Egg yolks and whole eggs store significant amounts of protein and choline, and are widely used in cookery. Due to their protein content, the United States Department of Agriculture categorizes eggs as "Meats" within the Food Guide Pyramid. Despite the nutritional value of eggs, there are some potential health issues arising from egg quality, storage, and individual allergies.
Chickens and other egg-laying creatures are widely kept throughout the world, and mass production of chicken eggs is a global industry. In 2009, an estimated 62.1 million metric tons of eggs were produced worldwide from a total laying flock of approximately 6.4 billion hens. There are issues of regional variation in demand and expectation, as well as current debates concerning methods of mass production. The European Union recently bannned battery husbandry of chickens.
History.
Bird eggs have been valuable foodstuffs since prehistory, in both hunting societies and more recent cultures where birds were domesticated. The chicken was probably domesticated for its eggs from jungle fowl native to tropical and subtropical Southeast Asia and India before 7500 BCE. Chickens were brought to Sumer and Egypt by 1500 BCE, and arrived in Greece around 800 BCE, where the quail had been the primary source of eggs. In Thebes, Egypt, the tomb of Haremhab, built about 1420 BCE, shows a depiction of a man carrying bowls of ostrich eggs and other large eggs, presumably those of the pelican, as offerings. In ancient Rome, eggs were preserved using a number of methods, and meals often started with an egg course. The Romans crushed the shells in their plates to prevent evil spirits from hiding there. In the Middle Ages, eggs were forbidden during Lent because of their richness. The word mayonnaise possibly was derived from "moyeu", the medieval French word for the yolk, meaning center or hub.
Egg scrambled with acidic fruit juices were popular in France in the 17th century; this may have been the origin of lemon curd.
The dried egg industry developed in the 19th century, before the rise of the frozen egg industry. In 1878, a company in St. Louis, Missouri started to transform egg yolk and white into a light-brown, meal-like substance by using a drying process. The production of dried eggs significantly expanded during World War II, for use by the United States Armed Forces and its allies.
In 1911, the egg carton was invented by Joseph Coyle in Smithers, British Columbia, to solve a dispute about broken eggs between a farmer in Bulkley Valley and the owner of the Aldermere Hotel. Early egg cartons were made of paper.
Varieties.
Bird eggs are a common food and one of the most versatile ingredients used in cooking. They are important in many branches of the modern food industry. The most commonly used bird eggs are those from the chicken. Duck and goose eggs, and smaller eggs, such as quail eggs, are occasionally used as a gourmet ingredient, as are the largest bird eggs, from ostriches. Gull eggs are considered a delicacy in England, as well as in some Scandinavian countries, particularly in Norway. In some African countries, guineafowl eggs are commonly seen in marketplaces, especially in the spring of each year. Pheasant eggs and emu eggs are perfectly edible, but less widely available. Sometimes they are obtainable from farmers, poulterers, or luxury grocery stores. Most wild birds’ eggs are protected by laws in many countries, which prohibit collecting or selling them, or permit these only during specific periods of the year.
See also fish eggs.
Anatomy and characteristics.
The shape of an egg resembles a prolate spheroid with one end larger than the other, with cylindrical symmetry along the long axis.
An egg is surrounded by a thin, hard shell. Inside, the egg yolk is suspended in the egg white by one or two spiral bands of tissue called the chalazae (from the Greek word χάλαζα, meaning hailstone or hard lump).
Air cell.
The larger end of the egg contains the air cell that forms when the contents of the egg cool down and contract after it is laid. Chicken eggs are graded according to the size of this air cell, measured during candling. A very fresh egg has a small air cell and receives a grade of AA. As the size of the air cell increases, and the quality of the egg decreases, the grade moves from AA to A to B. This provides a way of testing the age of an egg: as the air cell increases in size, the egg becomes less dense and the larger end of the egg will rise to increasingly shallower depths when the egg is placed in a bowl of water. A very old egg will actually float in the water and should not be eaten.
Shell.
Egg shell color is caused by pigment deposition during egg formation in the oviduct and can vary according to species and breed, from the more common white or brown to pink or speckled blue-green. In general, chicken breeds with white ear lobes lay white eggs, whereas chickens with red ear lobes lay brown eggs. Although there is no significant link between shell color and nutritional value, there is often a cultural preference for one color over another (see 'Color of eggshell', below).
White.
White is the common name for the clear liquid (also called the albumen or the glair/glaire) contained within an egg. In chickens it is formed from the layers of secretions of the anterior section of the hen's oviduct during the passage of the egg. It forms around either fertilized or unfertilized yolks. The primary natural purpose of egg white is to protect the yolk and provide additional nutrition for the growth of the embryo.
Egg white consists primarily of about 90% water into which is dissolved 10% proteins (including albumins, mucoproteins, and globulins). Unlike the yolk, which is high in lipids (fats), egg white contains almost no fat, and the carbohydrate content is less than 1%. Egg white has many uses in food, and many others, including the preparation of vaccines such as those for influenza.
Yolk.
The yolk in a newly laid egg is round and firm. As the yolk ages, it absorbs water from the albumen, which increases its size and causes it to stretch and weaken the vitelline membrane (the clear casing enclosing the yolk). The resulting effect is a flattened and enlarged yolk shape.
Yolk color is dependent on the diet of the hen; if the diet contains yellow/orange plant pigments known as xanthophylls, then they are deposited in the yolk, coloring it. Lutein is the most abundant pigment in egg yolk. A colorless diet can produce an almost colorless yolk. Yolk color is, for example, enhanced if the diet includes products such as yellow corn and marigold petals. In the US, the use of artificial color additives is forbidden.
Abnormalities.
"See Double-yolk eggs and Yolkless eggs."
Culinary properties.
Types of dishes.
Chicken eggs are widely used in many types of dishes, both sweet and savory, including many baked goods. Some of the most common preparation methods include scrambled, fried, hard-boiled, soft-boiled, omelettes and pickled. They can also be eaten raw, though this is not recommended for people who may be especially susceptible to salmonellosis, such as the elderly, the infirm, or pregnant women. In addition, the protein in raw eggs is only 51% bioavailable, whereas that of a cooked egg is nearer 91% bioavailable, meaning the protein of cooked eggs is nearly twice as absorbable as the protein from raw eggs.
As an ingredient, egg yolks are an important emulsifier in the kitchen, and are also used as a thickener in custards.
The albumen, or egg white, contains protein, but little or no fat, and can be used in cooking separately from the yolk. The proteins in egg white allow it to form foams and aerated dishes. Egg whites may be aerated or whipped to a light, fluffy consistency, and are often used in desserts such as meringues and mousse.
Ground egg shells are sometimes used as a food additive to deliver calcium. Every part of an egg is edible, although the eggshell is generally discarded. Some recipes call for immature or unlaid eggs, which are harvested after the hen is slaughtered or cooked while still inside the chicken.
Cooking.
Eggs contain multiple proteins which gel at different temperatures within the yolk and the white, and the temperature determines the gelling time. Egg yolk begins to gelify, or solidify, when it reaches temperatures between about . Egg white gels at slightly higher temperatures, about - the white contains ovalbumin that sets at the highest temperature. However, in practice, in many cooking processes the white gels first because it is exposed to higher temperatures for longer.
Salmonella is killed instantly at , but is also killed from if held there for sufficiently long time periods. To avoid the issue of salmonella, eggs can be pasteurised in-shell at for an hour and 15 minutes. Although the white is slightly milkier, the eggs can be used in normal ways. Whipping for meringue takes significantly longer, but the final volume is virtually the same.
If a boiled egg is overcooked, a greenish ring sometimes appears around egg yolk due to the iron and sulfur compounds in the egg. It can also occur with an abundance of iron in the cooking water. The green ring does not affect the egg's taste; overcooking, however, harms the quality of the protein. Chilling the egg for a few minutes in cold water until it is completely cooled may prevent the greenish ring from forming on the surface of the yolk.
Flavor variations.
Although the age of the egg and the conditions of its storage have a greater influence, the bird's diet does affect the flavor of the egg. For example, when a brown-egg chicken breed eats rapeseed or soy meals, its intestinal microbes metabolize them into fishy-smelling triethylamine, which ends up in the egg. The unpredictable diet of free-range hens will produce unpredictable eggs. Duck eggs tend to have a flavor distinct from, but still resembling, chicken eggs.
Eggs can also be soaked in mixtures to absorb flavor. Tea eggs are steeped in a brew from a mixture of various spices, soy sauce, and black tea leaves to give flavor.
Storage.
Careful storage of edible eggs is extremely important, as an improperly handled egg can contain elevated levels of "Salmonella" bacteria that can cause severe food poisoning. In the US, eggs are washed, and this cleans the shell, but erodes the cuticle. The USDA thus recommends refrigerating eggs to prevent the growth of "Salmonella".
Refrigeration also preserves the taste and texture. However, uncracked eggs can be left unrefrigerated for several months without spoiling. In Europe, eggs are not usually washed, and the shells are dirtier, however the cuticle is undamaged, and they do not require refrigeration. In the UK in particular, hens are immunised against salmonella, and the eggs are generally safe for 21 days.
Preservation.
The simplest method to preserve an egg is to treat it with salt. Salt draws water out of bacteria and molds, which prevents their growth. The Chinese salted duck egg is made by immersing duck eggs in brine, or coating them individually with a paste of salt and mud or clay. The eggs stop absorbing salt after about a month, having reached osmotic equilibrium. Their yolks take on an orange-red color and solidify, but the white remains liquid. They are boiled before consumption, and are often served with rice congee.
Another method is to make pickled eggs, by boiling them first and immersing them in a mixture of vinegar, salt, and spices, such as ginger or allspice. Frequently, beetroot juice is added to impart a red color to the eggs. If the eggs are immersed in it for a few hours, the distinct red, white, and yellow colors can be seen when the eggs are sliced. If marinated for several days or more, the red color will reach the yolk. If the eggs are marinated in the mixture for several weeks or more, the vinegar will dissolve much of the shell's calcium carbonate and penetrate the egg, making it acidic enough to inhibit the growth of bacteria and molds. Pickled eggs made this way will generally keep for a year or more without refrigeration.
A century egg or hundred-year-old egg is preserved by coating an egg in a mixture of clay, wood ash, salt, lime, and rice straw for several weeks to several months, depending on the method of processing. After the process is completed, the yolk becomes a dark green, cream-like substance with a strong odor of sulfur and ammonia, while the white becomes a dark brown, transparent jelly with a comparatively mild, distinct flavor. The transforming agent in a century egg is its alkaline material, which gradually raises the pH of the egg from around 9 to 12 or more. This chemical process breaks down some of the complex, flavorless proteins and fats of the yolk into simpler, flavorful ones, which in some way may be thought of as an "inorganic" version of fermentation.
Cooking substitutes.
For those who do not consume eggs, alternatives used in baking include other rising agents or binding materials, such as ground flax seeds or potato starch flour. Tofu can also act as a partial binding agent, since it is high in lecithin due to its soy content. Applesauce can be used, as well as arrowroot and banana. Extracted soybean lecithin, in turn, is often used in packaged foods as an inexpensive substitute for egg-derived lecithin.
Other egg substitutes are made from just the white of the egg for those who worry about the high cholesterol and fat content in eggs. These products usually have added vitamins and minerals, as well as vegetable-based emulsifiers and thickeners such as xanthan gum or guar gum. These allow the product to maintain the nutrition and several culinary properties of real eggs, making possible foods such as Hollandaise sauce, custard, mayonnaise, and most baked goods with these substitutes.
Nutritional value.
Chicken eggs are the most commonly eaten eggs. They supply all essential amino acids for humans (a source of 'complete protein'), and provide several vitamins and minerals, including retinol (vitamin A), riboflavin (vitamin B2), folic acid (vitamin B9), vitamin B6, vitamin B12, choline, iron, calcium, phosphorus and potassium. Although not as abundant as red meats, eggs are a source of CoQ10 depending on how they are prepared.
All of the egg's vitamins A, D, and E are in the egg yolk. The egg is one of the few foods to naturally contain vitamin D. A large egg yolk contains approximately 60 calories (250 kilojoules); the egg white contains about 15 calories (60 kilojoules). A large yolk contains more than two-thirds of the recommended daily intake of 300 mg of cholesterol (although one study indicates the human body may not absorb much cholesterol from eggs). The yolk makes up about 33% of the liquid weight of the egg. It contains all of the fat, slightly less than half of the protein, and most of the other nutrients. It also contains all of the choline, and one yolk contains approximately half of the recommended daily intake. Choline is an important nutrient for development of the brain, and is said to be important for pregnant and nursing women to ensure healthy fetal brain development.
The diet of the laying hens can greatly affect the nutritional quality of the eggs. For instance, chicken eggs that are especially high in omega 3 fatty acids are produced by feeding laying hens a diet containing polyunsaturated fats and kelp meal. Pasture-raised free-range hens which forage largely for their own food also tend to produce eggs with higher nutritional quality in having less cholesterol and fats while being several times higher in vitamins and omega 3 fatty acids than standard factory eggs. Focusing on the protein and crude fat content, a 2010 USDA study determined there were no significant differences of these two macronutrients in consumer chicken eggs.
Cooked eggs are easier to digest, as well as having a lower risk of salmonellosis.
Health studies.
Cholesterol and fat.
More than half the calories found in eggs come from the fat in the yolk; a large (50 gram) chicken egg contains approximately 5 grams of fat. People on a low-cholesterol diet may need to reduce egg consumption; however, only 27% of the fat in egg is saturated fat (palmitic, stearic and myristic acids). The egg white consists primarily of water (87%) and protein (13%) and contains no cholesterol and little, if any, fat.
There is debate over whether egg yolk presents a health risk. Some research suggests dietary cholesterol increases the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol and, therefore, adversely affects the body's cholesterol profile; whereas other studies show that moderate consumption of eggs, up to one a day, does not appear to increase heart disease risk in healthy individuals. Harold McGee argues that the cholesterol in the yolk is not what causes a problem, because fat (in particular, saturated) is much more likely to raise cholesterol levels than the actual consumption of cholesterol. In a randomized trial, Sacks et al. found that adding one egg per day to the usual diet of 17 lactovegetarians whose habitual cholesterol intake was very low (97 mg/day) significantly increased LDL cholesterol level by 12%.
Type 2 diabetes.
Studies have shown conflicting results about a possible connection between egg consumption and type two diabetes. A 1999 prospective study of over 117,000 people by the Harvard School of Public Health concluded, in part, that "The apparent increased risk of CHD associated with higher egg consumption among diabetic participants warrants further research." A 2008 study by the Physicians' Health Study I (1982–2007) and the Women's Health Study (1992–2007) determined the “data suggest that high levels of egg consumption (daily) are associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes.” However, a study published in 2010 found no link between egg consumption and type 2 diabetes.
Cardiovascular risk.
Eggs are one of the largest sources of phosphatidylcholine (lecithin) in the human diet. A study published in the scientific journal Nature showed that dietary phosphatidylcholine is digested by bacteria in the gut and eventually converted into the compound TMAO, a compound linked with increased heart disease.
The 1999 Harvard School of Public Health study of 37,851 men and 80,082 women concluded that its "findings suggest that consumption of up to 1 egg per day is unlikely to have substantial overall impact on the risk of CHD or stroke among healthy men and women." In a study of 4,000 people published in the New England Journal of Medicine, scientists found that eating eggs lead to significantly increased levels of TMAO in the blood of study participants and that this in turn led to significantly higher risk of heart attack and stroke after three years of follow-up.
A 2007 study of nearly 10,000 adults demonstrated no correlation between moderate (six per week) egg consumption and cardiovascular disease or strokes, except in the subpopulation of diabetic patients who presented an increased risk of coronary heart disease. One potential alternative explanation for the null finding is that background dietary cholesterol may be so high in the usual Western diet that adding somewhat more has little further effect on blood cholesterol. Other research supports the idea that a high egg intake increases cardiovascular risk in diabetic patients. A 2009 prospective cohort study of over 21,000 individuals suggests that "egg consumption up to 6/week has no major effect on the risk of CVD and mortality and that consumption of 7+/week is associated with a modest increased risk of total mortality" in males, whereas among males with diabetes, "any egg consumption is associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality and there was suggestive evidence for an increased risk of MI and stroke". A meta-analysis published in the British Medical Journal in 2013 found no association between egg consumption and heart disease or stroke.
Contamination.
A health issue associated with eggs is contamination by pathogenic bacteria, such as "Salmonella enteritidis". Contamination of eggs exiting a female bird via the cloaca may also occur with other members of the "Salmonella" genus, so care must be taken to prevent the egg shell from becoming contaminated with fecal matter. In commercial practice in the US, eggs are quickly washed with a sanitizing solution within minutes of being laid. The risk of infection from raw or undercooked eggs is dependent in part upon the sanitary conditions under which the hens are kept.
Health experts advise people to refrigerate washed eggs, use them within two weeks, cook them thoroughly, and never consume raw eggs. As with meat, containers and surfaces that have been used to process raw eggs should not come in contact with ready-to-eat food.
A study by the U.S. Department of Agriculture in 2002 (Risk Analysis April 2002 22(2):203-18) suggests the problem is not as prevalent as once thought. It showed that of the 69 billion eggs produced annually, only 2.3 million are contaminated with "Salmonella"—equivalent to just one in every 30,000 eggs—thus showing "Salmonella" infection is quite rarely induced by eggs. However, this has not been the case in other countries, where "Salmonella enteritidis" and "Salmonella typhimurium" infections due to egg consumptions are major concerns.
Egg shells act as hermetic seals that guard against bacteria entering, but this seal can be broken through improper handling or if laid by unhealthy chickens. Most forms of contamination enter through such weaknesses in the shell.
In the UK, the British Egg Industry Council award the lions stamp to eggs that, among other things, come from hens that have been vaccinated against "Salmonella".
Food allergy.
One of the most common food allergies in infants is eggs. Infants usually have the opportunity to grow out of this allergy during childhood, if exposure is minimized. Allergic reactions against egg white are more common than reactions against egg yolks.
In addition to true allergic reactions, some people experience a food intolerance to egg whites.
Food labeling practices in most developed countries now include eggs, egg products and the processing of foods on equipment that also process foods containing eggs in a special allergen alert section of the ingredients on the labels.
Farming issues.
Most commercially farmed chicken eggs intended for human consumption are unfertilized, since the laying hens are kept without roosters. Fertile eggs can be eaten, with little nutritional difference to the unfertilized. Fertile eggs will not contain a developed embryo, as refrigeration temperatures inhibit cellular growth for an extended time. Sometimes an embryo is allowed to develop but eaten before hatching as with balut.
Grading by quality and size.
The US Department of Agriculture grades eggs by the interior quality of the egg (see Haugh unit) and the appearance and condition of the egg shell. Eggs of any quality grade may differ in weight (size).
In Australia and the European Union, eggs are graded by the hen farming method, free range, battery caged, etc.
Chicken eggs are also graded by size for the purpose of sales.
Color of eggshell.
Although egg color is a largely cosmetic issue, with no effect on egg quality or taste, it is a major issue in production due to regional and national preferences for specific colors, and the results of such preferences on demand. For example, in most regions of the United States, chicken eggs are generally white. In some parts of the northeast of that country, particularly New England, where a television jingle for years proclaimed "brown eggs are local eggs, and local eggs are fresh!", brown eggs are more common. Local chicken breeds, including the Rhode Island Red, lay brown eggs. Brown eggs are also preferred in Costa Rica, Ireland, France, and the United Kingdom. In Brazil and Poland, white chicken eggs are generally regarded as industrial, and brown or reddish ones are preferred. Small farms and smallholdings, particularly in economically advanced nations, may sell eggs of widely varying colors and sizes, with combinations of white, brown, speckled (red), green, and blue eggs in the same box or carton, while the supermarkets at the same time sell mostly eggs from the larger producers, of the color preferred in that nation or region.
These cultural trends have been observed for many years. "The New York Times" reported during the Second World War that housewives in Boston preferred brown eggs and those in New York preferred white eggs. In February 1976, the British New Scientist magazine, in discussing issues of chicken egg color, stated "Housewives are particularly fussy about the colour of their eggs, preferring even to pay more for brown eggs although white eggs are just as good". As a result of these trends, brown eggs are usually more expensive to purchase in regions where white eggs are considered 'normal', due to lower production.
Research conducted in France in the 1970s demonstrated blue chicken eggs (as laid by certain breeds, including araucanas, heritage skyline, and cream legbar) can be stronger and more resilient to breakage, yet an article in New Scientist magazine (contemporary with that research) stated there was little to no demand for blue-colored eggs from housewives, despite the clear advantages.
Research at Nihon University, Japan in 1990 revealed a number of different issues were important to Japanese housewives when deciding which eggs to buy; however, color was a distinct factor, with most Japanese housewives preferring the white color.
Egg producers carefully consider cultural issues, as well as commercial ones, when selecting the breed or breeds of chicken used for production, as egg color varies between breeds. Among producers and breeders, brown eggs are often referred to as "tinted", while the speckled eggs preferred by some consumers are often referred to as being "red" in color.
Living conditions of birds.
Commercial factory farming operations often involve raising the hens in small, crowded cages, preventing the chickens from engaging in natural behaviors, such as wing-flapping, dust-bathing, scratching, pecking, perching and nest-building. Such restrictions can lead to pacing and escape behavior.
Many hens confined to battery cages, and some raised in cage-free conditions, are debeaked to prevent harming each other and cannibalism. According to critics of the practice, this can cause hens severe pain to the point where some may refuse to eat and starve to death. Some hens may be force molted to increase egg quality and production level after the molting. Molting can be induced by extended feed withdrawal, water withdrawal or controlled lighting programs.
Laying hens are often slaughtered between 100 and 130 weeks of age, when their egg productivity starts to decline. Due to modern selective breeding, laying hen strains differ from meat production strains. As male birds of the laying strain do not lay eggs and are not suitable for meat production, they are generally killed soon after they hatch.
Free-range eggs are considered by some advocates to be an acceptable substitute to factory-farmed eggs. Free-range laying hens are given outdoor access instead of being contained in crowded cages. Questions on the actual living conditions of free-range hens have been raised in the United States of America, as there is no legal definition or regulations for eggs labeled as free-range in that country.
In the United States, increased public concern for animal welfare has pushed various egg producers to promote eggs under a variety of standards. The most widespread standard in use is determined by United Egg Producers through their voluntary program of certification. The United Egg Producers program includes guidelines regarding housing, food, water, air, living space, beak trimming, molting, handling, and transportation, however, opponents such as The Humane Society have alleged UEP Certification is misleading and allows a significant amount of unchecked animal cruelty. Other standards include "Cage Free", "Natural", "Certified Humane", and "Certified Organic". Of these standards, "Certified Humane", which carries requirements for stocking density and cage-free keeping and so on, and "Certified Organic", which requires hens to have outdoor access and be fed only organic vegetarian feed and so on, are the most stringent.
Effective 1 January 2012, the European Union banned conventional battery cages for egg-laying hens, as outlined in EU Directive 1999/74/EC. The EU permits the use of "enriched" furnished cages that must meet certain space and amenity requirements. Egg producers in many member states have objected to the new quality standards while in some countries even furnished cages and family cages are subject to be banned as well. The production standard of the eggs is visible on the mandatory egg marking where the EU egg code begins with 3 for caged chicken to 1 for free-range eggs and 0 for organic egg production.
Killing of male chicks.
In battery cage and free-range egg production, unwanted male chicks are killed at birth during the process of securing a further generation of egg-laying hens.
Cultural significance.
A popular Easter tradition in some parts of the world is the decoration of hard-boiled eggs (usually by dyeing, but often by spray-painting). Adults often hide the eggs for children to find, an activity known as an Easter egg hunt. A similar tradition of egg painting exists in areas of the world influenced by the culture of Persia. Before the spring equinox in the Persian New Year tradition (called "Norouz"), each family member decorates a hard-boiled egg and sets them together in a bowl.
The tradition of a dancing egg is held during the feast of Corpus Christi in Barcelona and other Catalan cities since the 16th century. It consists of an emptied egg, positioned over the water jet from a fountain, which starts turning without falling.
Although a food item, eggs are sometimes thrown at houses, cars, or people. This act, known commonly as "egging" in the various English-speaking countries, is a minor form of vandalism and, therefore, usually a criminal offense and is capable of damaging property (egg whites can degrade certain types of vehicle paint) as well as causing serious eye injury. On Halloween, for example, trick or treaters have been known to throw eggs (and sometimes flour) at property or people from whom they received nothing. Eggs are also often thrown in protests, as they are inexpensive and nonlethal, yet very messy when broken.

</doc>
<doc id="19196034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196034" title="Hello Love (Chris Tomlin album)">
Hello Love (Chris Tomlin album)

Hello Love is the fifth studio album by Chris Tomlin, released on September 2, 2008. It debuted at No. 9 on the "Billboard" 200 with 52,000 units, his best sales and charting week to date. The album also debuted at No. 2 on the Christian album charts. It was Grammy-nominated for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album at the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009. It was certified Gold by the RIAA in September 2010.
Worship Leader Edition.
"Hello Love" was also released as a worship leader edition, which included a bonus disc with chord charts, lyrics, and 7 New Song Cafe videos, along with a video greeting from Chris.
Awards.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Praise & Worship Album of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19196051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196051" title="Sophia Dallas">
Sophia Dallas

Sophia Chew Nicklin Dallas (June 25, 1798 – January 11, 1869) was the wife of Vice President George Mifflin Dallas who served under President James K. Polk. She was the daughter of Philadelphia merchant Philip Nicklin and Julianna Nicklin (née Chew), and the granddaughter of Benjamin Chew.
George and Sophia Dallas wed in 1816 and had eight children. Mrs. Dallas disliked Washington, D.C., and during her husband's term as Vice President, remained mostly in Philadelphia except for occasional visits to the capital.

</doc>
<doc id="19196115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196115" title="Jamal Abu-Shamala">
Jamal Abu-Shamala

Jamal Abu-Shamala (born July 25, 1987 in Shakopee, Minnesota) is a Palestinian American basketball player who formerly played college basketball for the Minnesota Golden Gophers. Ranks among the top in made three pointers and three point percentage. Abu-Shamala plays internationally for the Jordanian national team, first playing internationally in 2008. Abu-Shamala played significant minutes as they retained their title at the William Jones Cup.. Abu-Shamala also played in the D-league for the Miami Heat and Minnesota Timberwolves affiliate team.
Abu-Shamala went to Shakopee High School in Shakopee, Minnesota and in 2005 won the class AAA state high school basketball championship.
In addition to representing Jordan, Abu-Shamala has also represented Palestine in international competitions, as his father is Palestinian.

</doc>
<doc id="19196128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196128" title="Andreas Hadelöv">
Andreas Hadelöv

Andreas Hadelöv (born July 23, 1975) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently with the Skellefteå AIK team in the Swedish Elitserien league.
Hadelöv holds the record for most Elitserien games played by a goaltender, 507 as of the end of the 2010–11 season. Stefan Liv was second with 387 games played.

</doc>
<doc id="19196130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196130" title="Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards 2008">
Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards 2008

The 6th annual Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards were held on 11 October 2008 at the Hisense Arena in Melbourne. John Cena has been picked to host the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards alongside Natalie Bassingthwaighte.
Nominees & Winners.
Winners in Bold
TV.
Fave Toon.
"Was not on the broadcast"
Stars.
Fave International TV Stars.
"Was not on the broadcast"
Fave Movie Star.
"Was not on the broadcast"
Official Soundtrack.
An official soundtrack for the awards show was released on 4 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19196171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196171" title="Ellen Maria Colfax">
Ellen Maria Colfax

Ellen Maria Wade Colfax (July 26, 1836 – March 4, 1911) was the second wife of Schuyler Colfax, who became the first House Speaker to be elected Vice President when he ran on a ticket headed by Ulysses S. Grant in 1868. She was born at Andover, Ohio in 1836.
On November 18, 1868, just two weeks after the election, Ellen Maria Wade married the man who had defeated her uncle, Senator Benjamin Franklin Wade of Ohio, in the race for the vice presidential nomination. They had one son, Schuyler Colfax III, in April 1870. She died at her home in South Bend, Indiana in 1911 after a period of poor health, on the 42nd anniversary of her husband's assumption of the vice-presidency. She was survived by her son Schuyler Colfax III. Her funeral was held March 7, 1911 at the Colfax home, and she was buried next to her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19196174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196174" title="Lebanon–Russia relations">
Lebanon–Russia relations

Lebanon–Russia relations are the bilateral relations between Lebanon and Russia. Lebanon has an embassy in Moscow. Russia has an embassy in Beirut.
Background.
The Soviet Union established diplomatic relations with Lebanon on August 3, 1944. Over the years, the two countries signed several agreements, including an agreement on trade and payments (April 30, 1954 and July 16, 1970), on air traffic (February 8, 1966), on cooperation in the tourism industry (June 8, 1970), on procedures for forwarding of diplomatic mail without the escort of diplomatic couriers (February 2, 1962, and February 15—22, 1971)..

</doc>
<doc id="19196184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196184" title="Christoffer Norgren">
Christoffer Norgren

Christoffer Norgren (born July 2, 1974) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing in the Örebro HK team in Swedish Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19196200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196200" title="Bahá'í Faith in Nepal">
Bahá'í Faith in Nepal

The Bahá'í Faith in Nepal begins after a Nepalese leader encountered the religion in his travels before World War II. Following World War II, the first known Bahá'í to entire Nepal was about 1952 in the person N. P. Sinha who moved to Birganj and the first Nepalese Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly elected in 1959, and its National Assembly in 1972. For a period of time, between 1976 and 1981, all assemblies were dissolved due to legal restrictions. The 2001 census reported 1211 Bahá'ís, and since the 1990s the Bahá'í community of Nepal has been involved in a number of interfaith organizations including the Inter-religious Council of Nepal promoting peace in the country. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 4300 Bahá'ís in 2005.
Early days.
In the 1920-1940 period Col. Raja Jai Prithvi Bahadur Singh, Raja Of Bajang, traveled to Europe and the Americas and heard of the Bahá'í Faith through contact with individuals like Lady Blomfield.
The first known entry of members of the Bahá'í Faith to Nepal was about 1952 by N. P. Sinha, an Indian Bahá'í, to Birganj soon followed by Kedarnath Pradhan who was from Sikkim before moving to Kathmandu along with his family. News of the religion also arrived following a United Nations conference in Colombo at which Nepalese delegates expressed interest in the religion. Following conversions and further pioneers the first Local Spiritual Assembly in Nepal was that of Kathmandu city which was elected in 1959. In 1960 there were assemblies in Kathmandu, Dohlka Shahr, and Bhaktapur and smaller groups of Bahá'ís in Dharan, Baklong, Pokhara, and Biratnagar; and over one hundred members of the religion.
Growth.
By 1963 the local assemblies of Nepal included: Bhaktapur, Biratnagar, Dharan, Kathmandu, and Pokhara, with small groups of Bahá'ís in Bodegaon, Dabeha, Nalar, and Dolkhashahr. Isolated Bahá'ís were in Bakloong, Damdame, Rakhughati, and Rakheshwav and Hand of the Cause John Esslemont's "Bahá'u'lláh and the New Era" was translated into Nepalese. Perhaps the first Hand of the Cause to visit Nepal was Rúhíyyih Khanum in 1964. In 1967 ambassador Ram Prasad Manandhar visited the Bahá'í House of Worship in Wilmette, USA. In 1969 Hand of the Cause Adelbert Mühlschlegel visited a number of central Asian countries including Nepal at the request of the Universal House of Justice. In August 1971 youth from Nepal were among the attendees at a western Asian Bahá'í youth conference in India.
With Hand of the Cause Ali-Akbar Furutan representing the Universal House of Justice, the Bahá'ís of Nepal held their first national convention to elect their National Spiritual Assembly in 1972 during the reign of King Mahendra. The convention had forty delegates. The members of the first national assembly were: Amar Pradhan, Shyam Maherjan, Jujubhai Sakya, Aranda Lal Shrestha, Dinesh Verma, Keith de Folo, W. F. Chaittonalla, P. N. Rai, D. K. Malla - from Buddhist, Hindu, Christian backgrounds. In November 1972 delegates from the local assemblies of the Narayani Zone gathered for a local conference on the progress of the religion to study Bahá'í history, Bahá'í administration in general and specifically electing local assemblies, and Bahá'í teachings.
Dissolution and reformation.
The national and local assemblies were all dissolved between 1976 and 1981 due to legal restrictions. However Bahá'ís from Nepal were able to attend the October 1977 Asian Bahá'í Women's Conference with Hand of the Cause Rúhíyyih Khanum after which she toured in Nepal including addressing some 700 students at the Padma Kanya Women's College (see Education in Nepal.) In May 1981 45 Nepalese Bahá'ís from various localities attended a conference at the national center in Kathmandu. A highlight of the weekend conference was the first showing in Nepal of the film "The Green Light Expedition" about Rúhíyyih Khanum's trip up the Amazon River. The local and national assemblies were reelected in and since 1982 - this dissolution and reformation was during the reign of King Birendra. When the national convention gathered there were 25 delegates. In 1983 there is comment that a distinguishing effect of pioneers was that they "not only took an interest in our troubles, they also looked on conditions in Nepal as their own and talked about our problems as their problems." Hand of the Cause Collis Featherstone attended the 1983 national convention. In 1984 the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Nepal printed "Selected Writings on Baha'i Administration" in parallel English and Nepali scripts. Later in 1984 Nepalese Bahá'ís attended the conference at the almost completed Lotus Temple. By 1985 the Bahá'ís assembly of Malangwa has established a school that has about 30 students, several of whom receive scholarships. Low and high caste children eat and drink together, and the villagers have accepted that Bahá'í schools do not observe customs concerning caste. In 1988 the national assembly had expanded and improved its adult literacy program. In 1989 representatives of the national Assemblies of Nepal along with the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Bangladesh, India, Sikkim and Sri Lanka along with Continental Counselors and members of sub-regional councils in India met in Pune, India to discuss creating a unified vision of the religion and its progress across the sub-continent.
On 29 September 1990 Hand of the Cause Collis Featherstone died and is buried in Kathmandu.
Modern community.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. Since the early 1990s the Bahá'ís of Nepal have involved themselves in diverse concerns in Nepal.
One group of Bahá'ís set up an organization "Education, Curriculum, and Training Associates", or "ECTA", which means "unity" in Nepali, in 1997 to promote rural development strategies and programs that can be done at low cost by village groups without extensive outside aid. Nepalese Bahá'ís joined the Inter-religious Council of Nepal promoting peace in the country who have also met with CPN Maoist leadership and consulted on AIDS issues.
A "Sacred Gifts for a Living Planet" conference in Nepal in November 2000 was organized by the Alliance of Religions and Conservation and the World Wide Fund for Nature included Bahá'ís.
The Club of Budapest offered a "Change the World -- Best Practice Award" given to four international educational projects that aim at empowering people through learning and enabling them to take full control of their economic development. Marcia Odell was one of the awardees, representing the Women's Empowerment Program (WEP) in Nepal, which has developed an approach to microfinance and the empowerment of women. The WEP program has reached more than 130,000 women in Nepal and has also received considerable support from the Bahá'í community of Nepal.
In December 2003 a conference entitled "Education: The Right of Every Girl and Boy," brought together representatives of five South Asian countries by government officials and members of the Bahá'í communities: Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka and was co-sponsored and supported by: the Bahá'í International Community, UNESCO, World Vision India, National Foundation for India, Save the Children UK, Commonwealth Education Fund, and India Alliance for Child Rights.
In 2006 Bahá'ís participated in an international youth conference organized by Hindu Vidyapeeth Nepal. It was set as a peace conference with the theme of 'Deepening our Spirituality' in Kathmandu.
Demographics.
Though it is illegal to convert others, occasional reports of police harassment, and reports of discrimination based on religious belief or practice by 2001 the national census reported 1211 Bahá'ís (but includes children down to 0–4 years old—indeed the largest segment of population was 10–14 years old.) There were more women than men, and of the 5 Divisions more Bahá'ís lived in the Eastern Division and the least in the Western one. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 4350 Bahá'ís in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19196206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196206" title="Douchebag">
Douchebag

Douchebag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19196208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196208" title="Samaritan North Lincoln Hospital">
Samaritan North Lincoln Hospital

Samaritan North Lincoln Hospital, founded in 1967, is a 25-bed general care medical care facility. It is located in Lincoln City, Oregon, United States. This hospital serves the residents and visitors of Lincoln County.
This facility is accredited by the Joint Commission of Accreditation of Hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="19196209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196209" title="Australasian Legal Information Institute">
Australasian Legal Information Institute

The Australasian Legal Information Institute (AustLII) is an institution operated jointly by the Faculties of Law of the University of Technology Sydney and the University of New South Wales. It is notable for establishing Australia's largest on-line database on Australian legislation and case law. Its public policy purpose is to improve access to justice through access to legal information.
Inception.
AustLII was established in 1995. Founded as joint program of the University of Technology Sydney and the University of New South Wales Law Schools, its initial funding was provided by the Australian Research Council.
Content.
AustLII content is publicly available legal information. Its primary source information includes legislation, treaties and decisions of courts and tribunals. It also hosts secondary legal materials, including law reform and Royal commission reports, as well as legal journals.
The AustLII databases includes the complete text of decisions of the High Court from 1947 onwards, decisions of the Federal Court from 1977 onwards, and decisions of the Family Court from 1988 onwards, as well as a number of other federal and state courts and tribunals.

</doc>
<doc id="19196215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196215" title="2008 Baden Masters">
2008 Baden Masters

The 2008 Baden Masters was the fourth time the Baden Masters curling event was held. It was held from September 5 - 7, 2008 and was the first even of the 2008-09 World Curling Tour season.

</doc>
<doc id="19196219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196219" title="Fredrik Krekula">
Fredrik Krekula

Fredrik Krekula (born April 8, 1974) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently with the Skellefteå AIK of Elitserien.

</doc>
<doc id="19196246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196246" title="Anders Söderberg">
Anders Söderberg

Anders Söderberg (born October 7, 1975) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player.
Anders won the "Rinkens Riddare" (Elitserien Gentleman of the Year award) in 2006-07.

</doc>
<doc id="19196262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196262" title="Eliza Hendricks">
Eliza Hendricks

Eliza C. Morgan Hendricks (November 23, 1823 – November 3, 1903) was the wife of Vice President Thomas A. Hendricks who was in office for the first eight months of the first administration of Grover Cleveland until his death on November 25, 1885. They were married on September 26, 1845 after a two-year courtship and had one son Morgan who died at age three. Mrs. Hendricks was a native of North Bend, Ohio, having been born there in 1823.
Mrs. Hendricks was described as "generous, wise and discreet". She died in 1903 at Indianapolis after being paralyzed for three weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19196285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196285" title="Imari Station">
Imari Station

The station opened on August 7, 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="19196305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196305" title="List of What's with Andy? episodes">
List of What's with Andy? episodes

"What's with Andy?" is a Canadian animated series that aired from 2001 to 2007. It was originally an interactive Flash movie with completely different voice actors and a promotion for Fox Kids. Shortly after, a TV series was developed with new voice actors and it aired on Teletoon. The series was produced by CineGroupe. It was based on a series of books by Andy Griffiths.
"What's with Andy?" has 78 episodes, divided into three seasons, consisting of 26 episodes each, with the series ending on March 4, 2007. The first episode aired on September 22, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19196326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196326" title="Jules Lavirotte">
Jules Lavirotte

Jules Aimé Lavirotte (Lyon, March 25, 1864 - Paris, March 1, 1929) was a French architect who designed no fewer than nine buildings still standing in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, or in immediately surrounding arrondissements. His flamboyant work won him acclaim among his contemporaries, and won him the Concours de Façades de la Ville de Paris on at least two occasions: once for the building at 29 Avenue Rapp (1901), and again for the Ceramic Hotel, 34 Avenue de Wagram (1904).
Early life.
Lavirotte was born in Lyon, and went on to study at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Lyon, where he was a pupil of Antoine Georges Louvier (1818–92). He subsequently studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris under the tutelage of Paul Blondel (1847–97), and gained his architect's diploma there in 1894.
151 Rue de Grenelle, 7th arrondissement (1898).
The first major building designed by Lavirotte. Its facade—influenced by the French Rococo style—offers only hints of the theatrical displays for which Lavirotte was to become known.
12 Rue Sedillot, 7th arrondissement (1899).
The earliest Lavirotte building to feature an unconventional assembly of whimsical themes and oddities.
29 Avenue Rapp, 7th arrondissement (1901).
The large scale deployment of glazed earthenware on the facade of this building is the first example of its kind in the West. Glazed tiles embedded in the stone and in the bricks are the work of ceramicist Alexandre Bigot; the building proved to be an effective advertisement for his wares. It was very lavishly adorned even by the standards of the many ceramically finished facades that were built in the following years, which were for the most part appointed this way because this was a way to protect and beautify the iron and concrete materials whose use was fast becoming the standard. The building at 29 avenue Rapp also had a highly exotic door frame designed by the sculptor Jean-Baptiste Larrive, and sculpted by Messrs Sporrer, Firmin-Marcelin Michelet, and Alfred Jean Halou.
Notes.
Roy Johnston: Parisian Architecture of the Belle Epoque (2007, ISBN 978-0-470-01555-1)

</doc>
<doc id="19196332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196332" title="Samaritan Lebanon Community Hospital">
Samaritan Lebanon Community Hospital

Samaritan Lebanon Community Hospital is a 49-bed general care facility located in Lebanon, Oregon, United States. It provides services to eastern Linn County.
This facility is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO).

</doc>
<doc id="19196353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196353" title="Purple glove syndrome">
Purple glove syndrome

Purple Glove Syndrome (PGS) is a poorly understood skin disease in which the extremities become swollen, discoloured and painful. PGS is potentially serious, and may require amputation. PGS is most common among elderly patients and those receiving large, multiple intravenous doses of the epilepsy drug phenytoin.
In November 2010, the FDA's Peripheral and Central Nervous System Drugs Advisory Committee recommended that new warnings be added to phenytoin intravenous (IV) about the risk of purple glove syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19196354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196354" title="Harmonics (electrical power)">
Harmonics (electrical power)

Harmonics are electric voltages and currents that appear on the electric power system as a result of non-linear electric loads. Harmonic frequencies in the power grid are a frequent cause of power quality problems. Harmonic components should be reduced as much as possible.
Causes.
There are two types of harmonics in electrical power systems, namely current harmonics and voltage harmonics, which are distortions to current and voltage waves respectively.
Current Harmonics.
In a normal alternating current power system, the current varies sinusoidally at a specific frequency, usually 50 or 60 hertz. 
When a linear electrical load is connected to the system, it draws a sinusoidal current at the same frequency as the voltage (though usually not in phase with the voltage).
Current harmonics are caused by non-linear loads. When a non-linear load, such as a rectifier, is connected to the system, it draws a current that is not necessarily sinusoidal. The current waveform can become quite complex, depending on the type of load and its interaction with other components of the system. Regardless of how complex the current waveform becomes, as described through Fourier series analysis, it is possible to decompose it into a series of simple sinusoids, which start at the power system fundamental frequency and occur at integer multiples of the fundamental frequency.
Further examples of non-linear loads include common office equipment such as computers and printers, Fluorescent lighting, battery chargers and also variable speed drives.
Voltage Harmonics.
Voltage harmonics are mostly caused by current harmonics. A non-linear load will not directly cause voltage harmonics unless it is injecting power. However, the voltage provided by the voltage source will be distorted by current harmonics due to source impedance. If the source impedance of the voltage source is small, current harmonics will cause only a small voltage harmonics.
Harmonics Fundamentals.
Harmonics provides a mathematical analysis of distortions to a current or voltage waveform. Based on Fourier Series, harmonics can describe any periodic wave as summation of simple sinusoidal waves which are integer multiples of the fundamental frequency.
Harmonics are steady-state distortions to current and voltage waves and repeat every 50 hertz or 60 hertz cycle. They are different from transient distortions to power systems such as spikes, dips and impulses.
Total Harmonic Distortion.
Total harmonic distortion, or THD is a common measurement of the level of harmonic distortion present power systems. THD is defined as the ratio of total harmonics to the value at fundamental frequency.
where "Vn" is the RMS voltage of "n"th harmonic and "n" = 1 is the fundamental frequency.
Effects.
One of the major effects of power system harmonics is to increase the current in the system. This is particularly the case for the third harmonic, which causes a sharp increase in the zero sequence current, and therefore increases the current in the neutral conductor. This effect can require special consideration in the design of an electric system to serve non-linear loads.
In addition to the increased line current, different pieces of electrical equipment can suffer effects from harmonics on the power system.
Motors.
Electric motors experience losses due to hysteresis and losses due to eddy currents set up in the iron core of the motor. These are proportional to the frequency of the current. Since the harmonics are at higher frequencies, they produce higher core losses in a motor than the power frequency would. This results in increased heating of the motor core, which (if excessive) can shorten the life of the motor. The 5th harmonic causes a CEMF (counter electromotive force) in large motors which acts in the opposite direction of rotation. The CEMF is not large enough to counteract the rotation, however it does play a small role in the resulting rotating speed of the motor. This is true for other negative sequence related harmonics including the 8th, 11th, 14th, etc.
Telephones.
In the United States, common telephone lines are designed to transmit frequencies between 300 and 3400 Hz. Since electric power in the United States is distributed at 60 Hz, it normally does not interfere with telephone communications because its frequency is too low.

</doc>
<doc id="19196367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196367" title="The Early Years (Chris Tomlin album)">
The Early Years (Chris Tomlin album)

The Early Years is a two-disc compilation album by Chris Tomlin, released on November 21, 2006. It contains songs from his albums "The Noise We Make" and "Not to Us".

</doc>
<doc id="19196372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196372" title="Jim Wood (Arkansas)">
Jim Wood (Arkansas)

Jim Wood, an American politician, is the former State Auditor of the U.S. state of Arkansas, and is a former State Legislator. He served from 2003 to 2011. 
Biography.
Jim Wood was born in Newport, Arkansas [http://www.arkansas.gov/auditor/biography.html], and attended elementary school in Tupelo, Arkansas. He attended college at Arkansas State Teacher's College in Conway, Arkansas.
Wood has worked as a farmer and businessman, serving two years on the Woodruff County Quorum Court,before running for State Senate. He later served as a State Senator from 1979–1988, and as a State Representative from 1997-2002 [http://www.votesmart.org/bio.php?can_id=10959. He is currently serving his first term as a constitutional statewide officer. He is an active member of the Southern Legislative Conference, and Agricultural Advisory Board. 
He has won many awards over the courses of careers, starting with being named one of the top three Young Ranchers and Farmers in Arkansas by the Farm Bureau in 1974, and 1976. The State Employees Association named him Outstanding Freshman Legislator in 1979, and numerous awards for his service to the military [http://www.arkansas.gov/auditor/biography.html], including several from Disabled American Veterans and the Veterans of Foreign Wars association.
Statewide politics.
Wood was first elected in 2002, winning 57.65% of the vote, defeating Republican Mary Jane Rebick In 2006, he was reelected with 85% of the vote against third party opposition [http://uselectionatlas.org/RESULTS/state.php?year=2006&off=11&elect=0&fips=5&f=0. He won reelection with nearly six hundred thousand votes. He is a lifelong Democrat.
State Auditor.
As State Auditor, Wood ran a program to give unclaimed valuables back to Arkansans, with over one hundred million dollars' worth of assets in all, including twenty-one million dollars collected in the 2006–2007 fiscal year alone. It is part of the State Auditor's job to locate abandoned bank accounts, stock certificates, mineral royalties and other lost assets.
Election history.
Jim Wood has faced several statewide reelections with relatively easy victories, winning against only an unheralded third party candidate in 2006.
2006 General Election
2002 General Election

</doc>
<doc id="19196375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196375" title="Cabaniss Field">
Cabaniss Field

Cabaniss Field is the baseball stadium for the varsity baseball team of the Corpus Christi Independent School District.
The school district allowed the stadium to be used starting in 1976 for minor league baseball, but did not allow the team to sell beer, so the team left after the 1977 season. When minor league baseball moved back to Corpus Christi in 2005, a new park - Whataburger Field - was built downtown for the new team.

</doc>
<doc id="19196376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196376" title="Bill Coplin">
Bill Coplin

William D. Coplin is a professor and the director of the undergraduate public affairs program at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University. He is a Meredith Professor for Teaching Excellence.
He is the founder of the Do Good Society and had a hand in starting the Leadership & Public Service High School in New York City. He is the chairman of board for the John Dau Sudan Foundation.
Coplin is a contributor to USA Today.

</doc>
<doc id="19196383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196383" title="Tillegra Dam proposal">
Tillegra Dam proposal

Tillegra Dam was a proposed dam on the Williams River to be located northwest of Dungog, in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It was first proposed in the 1970s but a formal proposal was not announced until 2006. That proposal was scrapped in November 2010. However, the Hunter Water Corporation still owns large tracts of land in the area of the proposed dam area.
Overview.
The Tillegra Dam was first proposed by the Hunter Water Corporation in the 1970s, but was deferred indefinitely in the 1980s due to the success of user pays pricing. On 13 November 2006, the NSW Government announced proposals for a A$300 million dam at Tillegra to supply water to the Lower Hunter Region and Central Coast. The justification for the dam was based primarily on climate change, with population growth in the Hunter Region also of some relatively minor concern. The announcement was made without prior community consultation and there is no mention of the proposed dam in Hunter Water's Integrated Water Resource Plan of August 2006. </ref> Nor is the proposal mentioned in the 2006 State Plan, which was released the next day.
Opposition.
The No Tillegra Dam Group was formed to prevent the building of the dam. Opponents say the dam is grossly excessive for this need, will drown valuable agricultural land and greater water efficiency, demand management and recycling would eliminate the need for the dam.
Cancellation.
On 28 November 2010 the NSW Premier, Kristina Keneally, announced the cancellation of the dam after the Planning Minister refused to approve it. The refusal was based on both the potential for environmental damage and the lack of proper consideration of alternative water security measures. The state government had already spent $100 million on the project.

</doc>
<doc id="19196387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196387" title="Ernesto Burzagli">
Ernesto Burzagli

Ernesto Burzagli CB (June 7, 1873 – September 13, 1944) was a prominent figure in the Kingdom of Italy during the early 20th century. During a lifetime career in the Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina Italiana"), he rose to the rank of Admiral and Chief of Staff. In 1933, King Victor Emmanuel III appointed Burzagli as a Senator in Rome. 
Despite his life service to the state, Burzagli was arrested in 1944 after clashing with Italian dictator Benito Mussolini. Although he was released a short time later, Burzagli was forced to withdraw from public life.
Early years.
Burzagli entered the Italian Naval Academy ("Accademia Navale") in Leghorn (Livorno in Italian) in 1887; and he was commissioned as ensign in 1892.
Burzagli was from a noble family of Montevarchi, but was born in Modena, as his father had relocated there to assume a position as a professor of physics at the Military Academy of Modena. Burzagli graduated from the Accademia Navale di Livorno in 1892, and after serving on a number of ships in the Royal Italian Navy, he was assigned as a military attaché to Tokyo, Japan in May 1904. He arrived just in time to become an official foreign observer of the Imperial Japanese Navy in the Russo-Japanese War, and witnessed first-hand the naval bombardment of Port Arthur. After the end of the war, in April 1906, he was received by Emperor Meiji of Japan, and received the Order of the Rising Sun before his return to Italy.
Naval career.
In 1912, Burzagli was assigned command of an "Intrepid"-class destroyer. Promoted to commander in 1914, he saw combat in World War I as commander of a squadron of destroyers, and from May 1916 to March 1917, served on the General Staff of the Italian Navy. In 1917, Captain Burzagli sailed the RN "Libia" across the Atlantic Ocean to New York. Near the end of the conflict, he was promoted to higher rank. 
In February 1918, he was awarded the Military Order of Savoy.
At the end of the war in 1919, Burzagli was sent to Albania to command the Vlore naval base, and played an active role in the suppression of pro-independence Albanian uprising, personally undertaking several reconnaissance flights over rebel-held territory, for which he was awarded the Bronze Medal of Military Valor.
Burzagli was given command of the cruiser RN "Libia" from February 1921 to February 1923, and during this period, the ship circumnavigated the globe. On his return, Burzagli was promoted to the rank of rear admiral; and he and assigned to head the "Accademia Navale" and the Italian Institute of Marine War. 
He wrote a treatise in four volumes, "Manual of Navigation" (1927).
He left his place at the academy in 1927 in to accept the position of Chief of Staff of the Navy, a post he held until 1931.
Burzagli was a Technical Advisor in the Italian delegation at the London Naval Conference of 1930 for the reduction of the armaments. 
Burzagli was promoted to Divisional Admiral in 1926, and promoted again to Vice Admiral in 1928. He was Naval Chief of Staff from 1927-1931. He was no longer Naval Chief of Staff in 1932 when Italy announced plans to retire two battleships, twelve cruisers, 25 destroyers, and 12 submarines—in all, 130,000 tons of naval vessels.
In 1933, he was also named a Senator. In the Senate, he served as a member of the Commission for Examination of Law Conversion (1936–1939), a member of the Commission for Finances (1939–1943), and a member of the Commission for the High Court of Justice (1940–1943).
Later years.
Burzagli withdrew from the active service in 1936. After the withdrawal to Montevarchi near his estate of Moncioni, he entered in friction with Benito Mussolini for his clear opposition to Italy's entrance into the Axis Powers, and for his subsequent opposition to Italy's entrance into World War II. 
In the spring of 1944, he refused to collaborate with the authorities of the Italian Social Republic and was arrested. However, he was released in consideration of his reputation and his advanced age. 
He is buried in a monumental tomb in the cemetery of Montevarchi.

</doc>
<doc id="19196400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196400" title="Brown Shoe Company Factory">
Brown Shoe Company Factory

Brown Shoe Company Factory is a historic factory in Litchfield, Illinois.
It was designed by Albert Bartleton Groves and others, and was built in 1922.
See also.
Brown Shoe Company

</doc>
<doc id="19196411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196411" title="Grevillea 'Orange Marmalade'">
Grevillea 'Orange Marmalade'

"Grevillea" 'Orange Marmalade' is a grevillea cultivar. It is a cross between "G. glossadenia" and "G. venusta".

</doc>
<doc id="19196428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196428" title="Kichi Sipi Bridge">
Kichi Sipi Bridge

The Kichi Sipi Bridge spans a deep channel of the Nelson River south of Cross Lake, providing the only all-weather road link between eastern Manitoba and the rest of Canada and North America. Its origins are unusual and its technology innovative. At 850 feet, it is the second longest road bridge in Manitoba.
Background.
Until 2002, the only road links to eastern Manitoba north of 51° (an area of some 120,000 sq. miles, with numerous communities) were seasonal ice roads. Kichi Sipi Bridge was constructed by the government of Manitoba as a result of a lawsuit by Cross Lake Indian Band. The lawsuit arose in turn from the 1977 Northern Flood Agreement, between five bands and the Crown concerning effects of hydro-electric development on several rivers in Manitoba. Article 17.1 of the agreement undertakes a policy of implementing recommendations that a government-sponsored Study Board made in 1975, including "that an all-weather road be built connecting the Cross Lake community road network with the Jenpeg access road." Article 14.2 provides that if such policies are not fully implemented in a timely way the bands may claim damages. In Claim 109, Cross Lake Indian Band sought damages for governmental failure to build an all-weather road to Cross Lake, including the lack of an all-weather crossing over the Nelson River (originally known as Kichi Sipi, or Great River, in Cree).
The governments of Canada and Manitoba took the position that Provincial Road 374, including a ferry crossing over the Nelson River, was an all-weather road. In 1993, the continuing arbitrator charged with enforcing the agreement found that "there is at present no all-weather road "connecting" Cross Lake and Jenpeg" because there was no bridge across the Nelson River. After further arbitration hearings, the Manitoba Court of Appeal finally ruled that one or both of the federal and provincial governments was liable to pay damages as long as no bridge was in place. The agreement provides that there is no appeal from the decision of the Manitoba Court of Appeal.
Construction.
In 1999, the government of Manitoba announced that, in light of the Court's decision, it would implement the policy. It built a technically innovative quadruple-span concrete and steel bridge at a cost of C$25,000,000. Kichi Sipi Bridge was officially opened on December 16, 2002.
Building the bridge froze the mounting liability for damages. The claim is ongoing as the amount of damages remains to be determined and may exceed the cost of the bridge. Which government is liable to pay the damages has also not yet been determined.
Other communities in north-eastern Manitoba may be linked by all-weather road to the continental highway system via the Kichi Sipi Bridge in future. This was the third public highway bridge to be constructed in northern Manitoba as a result of lawsuits under the Northern Flood Agreement. The other two are the PR 391 crossing over the Footprint River and the PR 373 crossing over the Minago River.

</doc>
<doc id="19196440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196440" title="Lock's Quest">
Lock's Quest

"Lock's Quest" is a real-time strategy video game developed by 5th Cell and published by THQ. This is 5th Cell's second Nintendo DS game. It was released in North America on September 8, 2008, in Europe on September 26, 2008 and in Australia on September 25, 2008.
Gameplay.
"Lock's Quest" is a real-time strategy game, incorporating tower defense gameplay elements. The battlefield, viewed from an isometric perspective, is displayed on the DS's bottom screen. Combat is divided into two phases, Build and Battle. During the Build phase, the player has a limited amount of time and resources to construct defenses, which consist of walls, towers, cannons, machines, and traps. Once the Build phase ends, the Battle phase begins. Lock can repair damage to the defenses or fight enemies, with each action having a corresponding minigame.
Both battle phases make good use of the touch screen, as the player can utilise sliding and twisting movements with the stylus to activate various upgrades and abilities.
Plot.
The game is set in a kingdom, built using a mysterious substance known as "Source". The builders of this kingdom, the "Archineers", studied source in an attempt to better understand its properties. The greatest archineer was Agonius, who discovered a truly remarkable property of source - that it can emulate life. Agonius started creating lifelike beings from the source, but the King, who understood the dangers of this, demanded that Agonius halt his work. Agonius refused, and so was banished from the kingdom.
Seeking vengeance upon the King, Agonius assumed the mantle of Lord Agony and created a clockwork army with the intent of destroying the kingdom. A war ensued, with heavy casualties on both sides. Eventually, two kingdom archineers, Kenan and Jacob, infiltrated Agony's fortress. The exact nature of the events that happened therein are not revealed until the end of the game - all that is known, at first, is that Agony was defeated, and Jacob was missing, presumed dead. Kenan, now a hero, took up the position of Chief Archineer.
The game itself begins some years after the events above. We are introduced to Lock, a young man living in a coastal village, along with his sister, Emi, and grandfather, Tobias. When this village (and indeed the entire kingdom) is attacked by a new army of clockworks, under a new Lord Agony, Lock enlists as an archineer and helps to fight the clockworks. After a long time, the Kingdom force prevails and the new Agony is defeated.
At the climax of the plot, it is revealed that the new Lord Agony is none other than Jacob. Long ago, when Jacob reached Agonius' chamber, he found Agonius a frail and broken man. He also found the young Lock, who was himself clockwork, the greatest creation of Agonius. Jacob took Lock and raised him as a human, under the guise of Tobias. He created Emi, who is also clockwork, and the village in which Lock was raised.
At the end of the game, the King tells Lock that, despite being clockwork, he was truly alive, because Agonius had given Lock his soul. Conversely, Jacob could not bring himself to sacrifice his soul in order to give Emi true life, and so, in time, Emi would simply crumble to dust.
However, it is implied that Jacob, repentant and sorrowful for having waged war on the Kingdom, did eventually do so at Lock's request, and the final scene of the game is Lock and Emi playing tag on the beach.
Development.
THQ announced the development of "Lock's Quest" on April 1, 2008 in a press release. In a preview of the game on April 2, 2008, IGN wrote of their experience of the game, "We're still early on in "Lock's Quest", but it has the potential to be one of the top strategy games on DS before all is said and done." In July, at the San Diego Comic Convention, THQ debuted a promotional mini-comic based on the universe of the game entitled "Lock's Quest: A Source of Hope - Volume 1" drawn by Edison Yan. IGN awarded "Lock's Quest" its "Best Strategy Game" award for the Nintendo DS at E3 2008.
Reception.
"Lock's Quest" was well received by most critics. IGN praised most aspects of the game, writing, ""Lock's Quest" is by far one of the most original, inspired, and entertaining experiences we've had on DS this year.", receiving an Editors' Choice Award and DS Game of the Month for September. 1UP.com criticized the un-skippable cut scenes, but said it "succeeds as both a love letter to, and an evolution of, the tower-defense genre." Nintendo World Report said "Lock's Quest" was "just a few design tweaks away from being a fantastic game.", claiming that it is "definitely disappointing in light of all its great assets and originality." GameZone called it "unique" and "perfectly suited for the DS". GameDaily praised the story, gameplay, graphics and music, and called it "an excellent game." GameSpot praised the "lengthy single-player campaign, exciting multiplayer, and addictive gameplay." EuroGamer criticized the battle phase of combat and the enemy artificial intelligence, while praising the "excellent graphics and repetitive but gripping gameplay." It was a nominee for two Nintendo DS-specific awards from IGN for their 2008 video game awards, including Best Strategy Game and Best New IP. GameSpot nominated it for Best Game No One Played.

</doc>
<doc id="19196455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196455" title="Douche">
Douche

A douche is a device used to introduce a stream of water into the body for medical or hygienic reasons, or the stream of water itself.
Douche usually refers to vaginal irrigation, the rinsing of the vagina, but it can also refer to the rinsing of any body cavity. A douche bag is a piece of equipment for douching—a bag for holding the fluid used in douching. To avoid transferring intestinal bacteria into the vagina, the same bag must not be used for an enema and a vaginal douche.
Douching after sexual intercourse is not an effective form of birth control. Additionally it is associated with a number of health problems (cervical cancer, pelvic inflammatory disease, endometritis, and increased risk of sexually transmitted infections) and thus is not recommended.
Etymology.
First Known Use: 1766
The word "douche" came to English via French, from "conduit pipe" and "docciare" "pour by drops" to douche, from "doccia" water pipe, probably back-formation from "doccione" conduit, from , "ductio" means of conveying water, from "ducere" to lead – where today it means "shower", as it does in most other European languages.
Overview.
Vaginal douches may consist of water, water mixed with vinegar, or even antiseptic chemicals. Douching has been touted as having a number of supposed but unproven benefits. In addition to promising to clean the vagina of unwanted odors, it can also be used by women who wish to avoid smearing a sexual partner's penis with menstrual blood while having intercourse during menstruation. In the past, douching was also used after intercourse as a method of birth control, though it is not effective (see below).
Many health care professionals state that douching is dangerous, as it interferes with both the vagina's normal self-cleaning and with the natural bacterial culture of the vagina, and it might spread or introduce infections. Douching is implicated in a wide variety of dangers, including: adverse pregnancy outcomes including ectopic pregnancy, low birth weight, preterm labor, preterm birth, and chorioamnionitis; serious gynecologic outcomes, including increased risk of cervical cancer, pelvic inflammatory disease, endometritis, and increased risk for sexually transmitted infections, including HIV; it also predisposes women to develop bacterial vaginosis (BV), which is further associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and increased risk of sexually transmitted infections. Due to this, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services strongly discourages douching, citing the risks of irritation, bacterial vaginosis, and pelvic inflammatory disease (PID). Frequent douching with water may result in an imbalance of the pH of the vagina, and thus may put women at risk for possible vaginal infections, especially yeast infections.
In May 2003, a randomized, controlled, multi-center study was conducted with 1827 women ages 18–44 who were regular users of a douche product and who had been treated recently for a sexually transmitted bacterial infection or bacterial vaginosis. Women were randomly assigned to use either a newly designed and marketed douche product or a soft cloth towelette. There was little or no indication of a greater risk of PID among women assigned to use the douche product (versus soft cloth towelette). Douching may be related to a lower probability that a woman becomes pregnant.
Antiseptics may also result in an imbalance of the natural bacteria in the vagina, also resulting in an increased likelihood of infection. Furthermore, unclean douching equipment may also introduce undesirable foreign bodies into the vagina. For these reasons, the practice of douching is now strongly discouraged except when ordered by a physician for specific medical reasons. Douching may also wash bacteria into the uterus and Fallopian tubes, causing fertility problems.
Douching after intercourse is estimated to reduce the chances of conception by only 15–25%. In comparison, proper condom use reduces the chance of conception by as much as 97%. In some cases douching may force the ejaculate further into the vagina, increasing the chance of pregnancy. A review of studies by researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center (N.Y.) showed that women who douched regularly and later became pregnant had higher rates of ectopic pregnancy, infections, and low birth weight infants than women who only douched occasionally or who never douched.
A 1995 survey quoted in the University of Rochester study found that 27% of U.S. women age 15 to 44 douched regularly, but that douching was more common among African-American women (over 50%) than among white women (21%), and higher douching is cited as a reason for the higher prevalence of bacterial vaginosis among African-American women, compared to the population at large.
Slang uses.
"Douche bag", or simply "douche", is considered to be a pejorative term, referring to an arrogant or obnoxious person. The slang usage of the term originated in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19196460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196460" title="Letitia Stevenson">
Letitia Stevenson

Letitia Green Stevenson (January 8, 1843 — December 25, 1913) was the wife of Vice President Adlai E. Stevenson I who served in the second administration of President Grover Cleveland. She was the daughter of Reverent Lewis Green who was the head of Centre College in Danville, Kentucky. They married in 1866 after a nine-year courtship. Her parents did not approve the marriage but by then her father had died and her mother had moved away. They had three daughters and one son Lewis G. Stevenson who became the Illinois secretary of state and father of Illinois Governor and 1952 and 1956 Presidential candidate Adlai Stevenson. Their great-grandson, Adlai Ewing Stevenson III, was a U.S. senator from Illinois from 1970 to 1981 and an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Illinois in 1982 and 1986.
Mrs. Stevenson suffered from severe rheumatism and migraine headaches that often forced her to wear leg braces. Nonetheless, she was described as a "keen observer and judge of people, and a charming hostess"". She helped establish the Daughters of the American Revolution to try to heal the divisions between North and South after the Civil War and succeeded Mrs. Benjamin Harrison as President General.
She died aged 70 in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19196523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196523" title="Randomness">
Randomness

Randomness means lack of pattern or predictability in events. Randomness suggests a non-order or non-coherence in a sequence of symbols or steps, such that there is no intelligible pattern or combination.
Applied usage in science, mathematics and statistics recognizes a lack of predictability when referring to randomness, but admits regularities in the occurrences of events whose outcomes are not certain. For example, when throwing two dice and counting the total, we can say that a sum of 7 will randomly occur twice as often as 4. This view, where randomness simply refers to situations where the certainty of the outcome is at issue, applies to concepts of chance, probability, and information entropy. In these situations, randomness implies a measure of uncertainty, and notions of haphazardness are irrelevant.
The fields of mathematics, probability, and statistics use formal definitions of randomness. In statistics, a random variable is an assignment of a numerical value to each possible outcome of an event space. This association facilitates the identification and the calculation of probabilities of the events. A random process is a sequence of random variables describing a process whose outcomes do not follow a deterministic pattern, but follow an evolution described by probability distributions. These and other constructs are extremely useful in probability theory.
Randomness is often used in statistics to signify well-defined statistical properties. Monte Carlo methods, which rely on random input, are important techniques in science, as, for instance, in computational science.
Random selection is a method of selecting items (often called units) from a population where the probability of choosing a specific item is the proportion of those items in the population. For example, if we have a bowl of 100 marbles with 10 red (and any red marble is indistinguishable from any other red marble) and 90 blue (and any blue marble is indistinguishable from any other blue marble), a random selection mechanism would choose a red marble with probability 1/10. Note that a random selection mechanism that selected 10 marbles from this bowl would not necessarily result in 1 red and 9 blue. In situations where a population consists of items that are distinguishable, a random selection mechanism requires equal probabilities for any item to be chosen. That is, if the selection process is such that each member of a population, of say research subjects, has the same probability of being chosen then we can say the selection process is random. Random selection can be an official method to resolve tied elections in some jurisdictions and is even an ancient method of divination, as in tarot, the I Ching, and bibliomancy. Its use in politics is very old, as office holders in Ancient Athens were chosen by lot, there being no voting.
History.
In ancient history, the concepts of chance and randomness were intertwined with that of fate. Many ancient peoples threw dice to determine fate, and this later evolved into games of chance. Most ancient cultures used various methods of divination to attempt to circumvent randomness and fate.
The Chinese were perhaps the earliest people to formalize odds and chance 3,000 years ago. The Greek philosophers discussed randomness at length, but only in non-quantitative forms. It was only in the sixteenth century that Italian mathematicians began to formalize the odds associated with various games of chance. The invention of the calculus had a positive impact on the formal study of randomness. In the 1888 edition of his book "The Logic of Chance" John Venn wrote a chapter on "The conception of randomness" that included his view of the randomness of the digits of the number Pi by using them to construct a random walk in two dimensions.
The early part of the twentieth century saw a rapid growth in the formal analysis of randomness, as various approaches to the mathematical foundations of probability were introduced. In the mid- to late-twentieth century, ideas of algorithmic information theory introduced new dimensions to the field via the concept of algorithmic randomness.
Although randomness had often been viewed as an obstacle and a nuisance for many centuries, in the twentieth century computer scientists began to realize that the "deliberate" introduction of randomness into computations can be an effective tool for designing better algorithms. In some cases such randomized algorithms outperform the best deterministic methods.
Randomness in science.
Many scientific fields are concerned with randomness:
In the physical sciences.
In the 19th century, scientists used the idea of random motions of molecules in the development of statistical mechanics to explain phenomena in thermodynamics and the properties of gases.
According to several standard interpretations of quantum mechanics, microscopic phenomena are objectively random. That is, in an experiment that controls all causally relevant parameters, some aspects of the outcome still vary randomly. For example, if you place a single unstable atom in a controlled environment, you cannot predict how long it will take for the atom to decay—only the probability of decay in a given time. Thus, quantum mechanics does not specify the outcome of individual experiments but only the probabilities. Hidden variable theories are inconsistent with the view that nature contains irreducible randomness: such theories posit that in the processes that appear random, properties with a certain statistical distribution are somehow at work "behind the scenes" determining the outcome in each case.
In biology.
The modern evolutionary synthesis ascribes the observed diversity of life to natural selection, in which some random genetic mutations are retained in the gene pool due to the systematically improved chance for survival and reproduction that those mutated genes confer on individuals who possess them.
The characteristics of an organism arise to some extent deterministically (e.g., under the influence of genes and the environment) and to some extent randomly. For example, the "density" of freckles that appear on a person's skin is controlled by genes and exposure to light; whereas the exact location of "individual" freckles seems random.
Randomness is important if an animal is to behave in a way that is unpredictable to others. For instance, insects in flight tend to move about with random changes in direction, making it difficult for pursuing predators to predict their trajectories.
In mathematics.
The mathematical theory of probability arose from attempts to formulate mathematical descriptions of chance events, originally in the context of gambling, but later in connection with physics. Statistics is used to infer the underlying probability distribution of a collection of empirical observations. For the purposes of simulation, it is necessary to have a large supply of random numbers or means to generate them on demand.
Algorithmic information theory studies, among other topics, what constitutes a random sequence. The central idea is that a string of bits is random if and only if it is shorter than any computer program that can produce that string (Kolmogorov randomness)—this means that random strings are those that cannot be compressed. Pioneers of this field include Andrey Kolmogorov and his student Per Martin-Löf, Ray Solomonoff, and Gregory Chaitin.
In mathematics, there must be an infinite expansion of information for randomness to exist. This can best be seen with an example. Given a random sequence of three-bit numbers, each number can have one of only eight possible values:
000, 001, 010, 011, 100, 101, 110, 111
Therefore, as the random sequence progresses, it must recycle previous values. To increase the information space, another bit may be added to each possible number, giving 16 possible values from which to pick a random number. It could be said that the random four-bit number sequence is more random than the three-bit one. This suggests that true randomness requires an infinite expansion of the information space.
Randomness occurs in numbers such as log (2) and pi. The decimal digits of pi constitute an infinite sequence and "never repeat in a cyclical fashion." Numbers like pi are also considered likely to be normal, which means their digits are random in a certain statistical sense.
Pi certainly seems to behave this way. In the first six billion decimal places of pi, each of the digits from 0 through 9 shows up about six hundred million times. Yet such results, conceivably accidental, do not prove normality even in base 10, much less normality in other number bases.
In statistics.
In statistics, randomness is commonly used to create simple random samples. This lets surveys of completely random groups of people provide realistic data. Common methods of doing this include drawing names out of a hat or using a random digit chart. A random digit chart is simply a large table of random digits.
In information science.
In information science, irrelevant or meaningless data is considered noise. Noise consists of a large number of transient disturbances with a statistically randomized time distribution.
In communication theory, randomness in a signal is called "noise" and is opposed to that component of its variation that is causally attributable to the source, the signal.
In terms of the development of random networks, for communication randomness rests on the two simple assumptions of Paul Erdős and Alfréd Rényi who said that there were a fixed number of nodes and this number remained fixed for the life of the network, and that all nodes were equal and linked randomly to each other.
In finance.
The random walk hypothesis considers that asset prices in an organized market evolve at random, in the sense that the expected value of their change is zero but the actual value may turn out to be positive or negative. More generally, asset prices are influenced by a variety of unpredictable events in the general economic environment.
Randomness versus unpredictability.
Randomness, as opposed to unpredictability, is an objective property. Determinists believe it is an "objective" fact that randomness does not in fact exist. Also, what "appears" random to one observer may not appear random to another. Consider two observers of a sequence of bits, when only one of whom has the cryptographic key needed to turn the sequence of bits into a readable message. For that observer the message is not random, but it is unpredictable for the other.
One of the intriguing aspects of random processes is that it is hard to know whether a process is truly random. An observer may suspect that there is some "key" that unlocks the message. This is one of the foundations of superstition, but also a motivation for discovery in science and mathematics.
Under the cosmological hypothesis of determinism, there is no randomness in the universe, only unpredictability, since there is only one possible outcome to all events in the universe. A follower of the narrow frequency interpretation of probability could assert that no event can be said to have probability, since there is only one universal outcome. Under the rival Bayesian interpretation of probability, there is no objection to using probabilities to represent a lack of complete knowledge of outcomes.
Some mathematically defined sequences, such as the decimals of pi mentioned above, exhibit some of the same characteristics as random sequences, but because they are generated by a describable mechanism, they are called "pseudorandom". To an observer who does not know the mechanism, a pseudorandom sequence is unpredictable.
Chaotic systems are unpredictable in practice due to their extreme sensitivity to initial conditions. Whether or not they are unpredictable in terms of computability theory is a subject of current research. At least in some disciplines of computability theory, the notion of randomness is identified with computational unpredictability.
Individual events that are random may still be precisely described "en masse", usually in terms of probability or expected value. For instance, quantum mechanics allows a very precise calculation of the half-lives of atoms even though the process of atomic decay is random. More simply, although a single toss of a fair coin cannot be predicted, its general behavior can be described by saying that if a large number of tosses are made, roughly half of them will show up heads. Ohm's law and the kinetic theory of gases are non-random macroscopic phenomena that are assumed random at the microscopic level.
Randomness and religion.
Some theologians have attempted to resolve the apparent contradiction between an omniscient deity, or a first cause, and free will determinism using randomness. Discordians have a strong belief in randomness and unpredictability. Hindu and Buddhist philosophies state that any event is the result of previous events (karma), and as such, there is no such thing as a random event or a first event.
Martin Luther, the forefather of Protestantism, believed that there was nothing random based on his understanding of the Bible. As an outcome of his understanding of randomness, he strongly felt that free will was limited to low-level decision making by humans. Therefore, when someone sins against another, decision making is only limited to how one responds, preferably through forgiveness and loving actions. He believed, based on Biblical scripture, that humans cannot will themselves faith, salvation, sanctification, or other gifts from God. Additionally, the best people could do, according to his understanding, was not sin, but they fall short, and free will cannot achieve this objective. Thus, in his view, absolute free will and unbounded randomness are severely limited to the point that behaviors may even be patterned or ordered and not random. This is a point emphasized by the field of behavioral psychology.
These notions and more in Christianity often lend to a highly deterministic worldview and that the concept of random events is not possible. Especially, if purpose is part of this universe, then randomness, by definition, is not possible. This is also one of the rationales for religious opposition to evolution, where, according to theory, (non-random) selection is applied to the results of random genetic variation.
Donald Knuth, a Stanford computer scientist and Christian commentator, remarks that he finds pseudorandom numbers useful and applies them with purpose. He then extends this thought to God who may use randomness with purpose to allow free will to certain degrees. Knuth believes that God is interested in people's decisions and limited free will allows a certain degree of decision making. Knuth, based on his understanding of quantum computing and entanglement, comments that God exerts dynamic control over the world without violating any laws of physics, suggesting that what appears random to humans may not, in fact, be so random.
C. S. Lewis, a 20th-century Christian philosopher, discussed free will at length. On the matter of human will, Lewis wrote: "God willed the free will of men and angels in spite of His knowledge that it could lead in some cases to sin and thence to suffering: i.e., He thought freedom worth creating even at that price." In his radio broadcast, Lewis indicated that God "gave free will. He gave them free will because a world of mere automata could never love..."
In some contexts, procedures that are commonly perceived as randomizers—drawing lots or the like —are used for divination, e.g., to reveal the will of the gods. See, e.g., Cleromancy.
Applications and use of randomness.
In most of its mathematical, political, social and religious use, randomness is used for its innate "fairness" and lack of bias.
Political: Athenian democracy was based on the concept of isonomia (equality of political rights) and used complex allotment machines to ensure that the positions on the ruling committees that ran Athens were fairly allocated. Allotment is now restricted to selecting jurors in Anglo-Saxon legal systems and in situations where "fairness" is approximated by randomization, such as selecting jurors and military draft lotteries.
Social: Random numbers were first investigated in the context of gambling, and many randomizing devices, such as dice, shuffling playing cards, and roulette wheels, were first developed for use in gambling. The ability to produce random numbers fairly is vital to electronic gambling, and, as such, the methods used to create them are usually regulated by government Gaming Control Boards. Random drawings are also used to determine lottery winners. Throughout history, randomness has been used for games of chance and to select out individuals for an unwanted task in a fair way (see drawing straws).
Sports: Some sports, including American Football, use coin tosses to randomly select starting conditions for games or seed tied teams for postseason play. The National Basketball Association uses a weighted lottery to order teams in its draft.
Mathematical: Random numbers are also used where their use is mathematically important, such as sampling for opinion polls and for statistical sampling in quality control systems. Computational solutions for some types of problems use random numbers extensively, such as in the Monte Carlo method and in genetic algorithms.
Medicine: Random allocation of a clinical intervention is used to reduce bias in controlled trials (e.g., randomized controlled trials).
Religious: Although not intended to be random, various forms of divination such as cleromancy see what appears to be a random event as a means for a divine being to communicate their will. (See also Free will and Determinism).
Generating randomness.
It is generally accepted that there exist three mechanisms responsible for (apparently) random behavior in systems:
The many applications of randomness have led to many different methods for generating random data. These methods may vary as to how unpredictable or statistically random they are, and how quickly they can generate random numbers.
Before the advent of computational random number generators, generating large amounts of sufficiently random numbers (important in statistics) required a lot of work. Results would sometimes be collected and distributed as random number tables.
Randomness measures and tests.
There are many practical measures of randomness for a binary sequence. These include measures based on frequency, discrete transforms, and complexity, or a mixture of these. These include tests by Kak, Phillips, Yuen, Hopkins, Beth and Dai, Mund, and Marsaglia and Zaman.
Misconceptions and logical fallacies.
Popular perceptions of randomness are frequently mistaken, based on fallacious reasoning or intuitions.
A number is "due".
This argument is, "In a random selection of numbers, since all numbers eventually appear, those that have not come up yet are 'due', and thus more likely to come up soon." This logic is only correct if applied to a system where numbers that come up are removed from the system, such as when playing cards are drawn and not returned to the deck. In this case, once a jack is removed from the deck, the next draw is less likely to be a jack and more likely to be some other card. However, if the jack is returned to the deck, and the deck is thoroughly reshuffled, a jack is as likely to be drawn as any other card. The same applies in any other process where objects are selected independently, and none are removed after each event, such as the roll of a die, a coin toss, or most lottery number selection schemes. Truly random processes such as these do not have memory, making it impossible for past outcomes to affect future outcomes.
A number is "cursed" or "blessed".
In a random sequence of numbers, a number may be said to be cursed because it has come up less often in the past, and so it is thought that it will occur less often in the future. A number may be assumed to be blessed because it has occurred more often than others in the past, and so it is thought likely to come up more often in the future. This logic is valid only if the randomisation is biased, for example with a loaded die. If the die is fair, then previous rolls give no indication of future events.
In nature, events rarely occur with perfectly equal frequency, so observing outcomes to determine which events are more probable makes sense. It is fallacious to apply this logic to systems designed to make all outcomes equally likely, such as shuffled cards, dice, and roulette wheels.
Odds are never dynamic.
In the beginning of a scenario, one might calculate the odds of a certain event. The fact is, as soon as one gains more information about that situation, they may need to re-calculate the odds.
If we are told that a woman has two children, and one of them is a girl, what are the odds that the other child is also a girl? Considering this new child independently, one might expect the odds that the other child is female are 1/2 (50%). By using mathematician Gerolamo Cardano's method of building a Probability space (illustrating all possible outcomes), we see that the odds are actually only 1/3 (33%). This is because, for starters, the possibility space illustrates 4 ways of having these two children: boy-boy, girl-boy, boy-girl, and girl-girl. But we were given more information. Once we are told that one of the children is a female, we use this new information to eliminate the boy-boy scenario. Thus the probability space reveals that there are still 3 ways to have two children where one is a female: boy-girl, girl-boy, girl-girl. Only 1/3 of these scenarios would have the other child also be a girl. Using a probability space, we are less likely to miss one of the possible scenarios, or to neglect the importance of new information. For further information, see Boy or girl paradox.
This technique provides insights in other situations such as the Monty Hall problem, a game show scenario in which a car is hidden behind one of three doors, and two goats are hidden as booby prizes behind the others. Once the contestant has chosen a door, the host opens one of the remaining doors to reveal a goat, eliminating that door as an option. With only two doors left (one with the car, the other with another goat), the host then asks the player whether they would like to keep the decision they made, or switch and select the other door. Intuitively, one might think the contestant is simply choosing between two doors with equal probability, and the opportunity provided by the host makes no difference. Probability spaces reveal that the contestant has received new information, and can increase their chances of winning by changing to the other door.

</doc>
<doc id="19196525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196525" title="Robert Shatterell">
Robert Shatterell

Robert Shatterell (1616–1684) was an English actor of the seventeenth century. He was one of the limited group of actors who began their careers in the final period of English Renaissance theatre, and resumed stage work in the Restoration, after the long theatre closure of the English Civil War and the Interregnum, 1642–1660. Richard Baxter; Nicholas Burt; Walter Clun; Charles Hart; Michael Mohun; William Wintershall.
Biography.
Robert Shatterell was christened on 10 November 1616 in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate. He started as a boy player; he was with Beeston's Boys in 1639. During the Civil War, like fellow actors Hart and Burt, he served as an officer in the elite cavalry regiment commanded by Prince Rupert. Shatterell he may have seen combat in the battles of Naseby and Marston Moor, and perhaps at Edgehill as well.
Once the main combat of the Civil War had ended, Shatterell returned to the stage. He was one of the English actors who were active on the Continent, primarily in The Hague and Paris, in the mid-1640s.
After dramatic activity recommenced in England in 1660, Shatterell became one of the thirteen actors who were original sharers in the new-organized King's Company. During his ensuing career, he played mostly comic roles; he took the parts of Poins in Shakespeare's "Henry IV" plays, Voltore in Jonson's "Volpone", and Maskal in Dryden's "An Evening's Love", plus Bessus in "A King and No King" and Calianax in "The Maid's Tragedy", both plays by Beaumont and Fletcher, and the Quack in Wycherly's "The Country Wife".
Family.
Robert Shatterell's younger brother Edward Shatterell (1620 – c. 1664) was also an actor, though less successful and more obscure.

</doc>
<doc id="19196533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196533" title="HD 41162">
HD 41162

HD 41162 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="19196545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196545" title="Live Wire (album)">
Live Wire (album)

Live Wire is a 2004 live CD/DVD released by Christian rock band Third Day. All of the tracks, except for "Sing a Song" and "Blackbird", are from their album "Wire", released earlier that year. "Thank You All" was recorded especially for "Live Wire". Some of the songs were cut off the CD but can be found on the DVD. The concert was shot and recorded in Louisville, Kentucky, at the Palace Theater. It has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
Awards.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Long Form Music Video of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19196548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196548" title="Dr. Evil">
Dr. Evil

Dr. Evil is a fictional character, played by Mike Myers in the "Austin Powers" film series. He is the antagonist of the movies, and Austin Powers' nemesis. He is a parody of James Bond villains, primarily Donald Pleasence's Ernst Stavro Blofeld (as featured in "You Only Live Twice"). Dr. Evil routinely hatches schemes to terrorize and take over the world, and is typically accompanied by Number-two: an eye-patch wearing goon who fronts his evil corporation Virtucon Industries, his cat Mr. Bigglesworth and his sidekick Mini-Me, a dwarf clone of himself.
Background.
According to his own account in "", delivered in a group therapy session with his estranged son Scott, Dr. Evil's upbringing went as follows:
Pre-watershed TV versions skipped the last three lines and replaced it with:
In the second film, he went on the Jerry Springer show to talk to Scott. In the deleted scene Jerry asked him to open up to his son, at first he refused, but then started to say very bizarre facts about himself. Like how when he was on a bus he willed himself a menstrual cycle, he loves toe cleavage, he named his left testicle piss and his right testicle vinegar, he was the first person to use quotation fingers, he slept in a horse, he once made a marzipan voodoo effigy of the Fonz while in a coma after smoking some Bolivian prayer hash at Sammy Davis Jr's house, and that he's the Princess of Canada. 
In the third "Austin Powers" film, "Goldmember", Dr. Evil claims that his adopted mother was the love-slave of the Belgian baker rather than a prostitute.
In "Goldmember", Nigel Powers reveals that Dr. Evil is Austin Powers' twin brother and that his real name is Douglas ("Dougie") Powers. He explains that Douglas and Austin were separated as babies following a car explosion, and that he thought that only Austin had survived. Dougie was raised by Belgians, which is what made him so complex and evil. Interestingly, despite the fact that he cites his home town is Bruges, which is situated in the Dutch-speaking Flemish Region of Belgium, he claims to not know how to speak "Freaky-Deaky Dutch", instead speaking French, the main language of southern Belgium. 
He also attended the British Intelligence Academy with Austin (along with Basil Exposition and Number 2), and is angered that Austin won the "International Man of Mystery" award, while he, the academy's best student, was overlooked.
In the first film, Dr. Evil is an internationally known criminal genius cryogenically frozen in 1967 and reawakened in 1997. Like Austin Powers, he faces challenges in acclimating to the new period (although he has his staff, who remained behind, to help him).
He often places his little finger near his mouth, especially when excited or to emphasize a statement. Although expanded upon, this signature move may have been taken from "Number 12 Looks Just Like You," an episode of "The Twilight Zone" in which Dr. Rex uses the same gesture several times. Although the idiosyncrasy was intended to be a humorous "signature move" for Evil, the only apparent reason for Rex's use of it was to differentiate him from several other characters (played by the same actor) who were intentionally physically identical to him.
Evil also repetitively uses the euphemism "frickin'". He occasionally uses unnecessary finger quotes around now-familiar technical terms such as ""laser"".
The scar on his face is a reference to similar scars on early 20th century movie villains such as several portrayed by Erich von Stroheim (as well as a homage to Donald Pleasence as Blofeld in "You Only Live Twice"). This type of scar is usually a remnant of Mensur fencing, an activity in which elite European student groups participate. In "Goldmember" it is revealed that he has a tattoo on his buttocks that reads "E. Diddy" and he also claimed to have three testicles. Dr. Evil also tends to get angry when he is referred to as "Mr. Evil" and then proceeds to say that he "didn't spend six years in evil medical school to be called 'Mister', thank you very much!"
In the "Austin Powers" films, Mike Myers wore blue colored-contacts for the role of Dr. Evil, though his eyes were a more icy-blue in "Goldmember".
Entourage.
Dr. Evil employs a diverse and highly stereotypical group of minions.
Frau Farbissina.
Perhaps closest to Dr. Evil is his assistant, Frau Farbissina, founder of the militant wing of the Salvation Army. ("Farbissina" is Yiddish for "embittered".) In the second film, "", after imbibing some of Austin Powers' mojo Dr. Evil becomes temporarily irresistible and they have sex. However, this leads to an uncomfortable morning-after encounter. In the closing credits she is revealed to be Scott's mother. (In the first film, it is asserted that Scott was created via Dr. Evil's frozen semen, thought it is assumed that in traveling back through time he altered this particular event.) In "Goldmember", Farbissina and Dr. Evil also kiss while he is in prison; although the two enjoyed it (despite having been established as a lesbian in the previous movie), the purpose was to transfer a key to Evil so that he could escape. She is a parody of the characters Rosa Klebb in the James Bond movie "From Russia with Love", and Irma Bunt from "On Her Majesty's Secret Service". She does not appear to age as she looked the same in the 1960s as she did in the 1990s, which was used for comedic effect in the film. Dr. Evil meets the younger Number Two and comments 'You look so healthy and youthful.' Farbissina's voice is heard offscreen and Dr. Evil turns and says, 'And Frau, you look so ...' as the audience is shown she has not changed at all, leading Dr. Evil to finish with '... ri-ght'.
Scott Evil.
Dr. Evil carries on a strained relationship with his son Scott. Dr. Evil liquidates their therapy group, accusing them of being "insolent". Scott is also known for pointing out Dr. Evil's incompetence and immaturity as well as obvious mistakes and flaws in Dr. Evil's plans. For instance, when Dr. Evil asks why Austin Powers always foils their plans, Scott says "Because you never kill him when you have the chance and you're a big dope". Dr. Evil mocks Scott and ignores his corrections, which often leads to failure. Scott later grows more "evil", thus losing his hair; this gains his father's respect momentarily, especially after Scott provides him a pool filled with "sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their frickin' heads". When Dr. Evil switches sides to help Austin save the world, Scott takes over as the head of the evil organization.
Number 2.
Number 2 is the leader of Dr. Evil's industrial empire, Virtucon. A natural businessman, Number 2 is often more concerned about the financial aspects of world domination than the world domination itself. In each successive film, Number 2 has devised various schemes and ventures which would not only garner massive profits for - and expand the power-base of - the Virtucon empire, but would do so legitimately, leaving the authorities with little excuse for apprehending Dr. Evil (such as shifting their resources towards investing in Starbucks). Evil, however, refuses to heed Number 2's advice and has often made Number 2 suffer for his insolence, claiming that his strategies in bringing in legitimately-obtained income are insulting to the ideals of an evil empire. In the first film Number 2 tries to do a deal with Austin, causing Dr. Evil to try sending him into flames. However he returns in the next film. He helps Dr. Evil adjust to the new era, such as explaining the financial differences. Number 2 is a parody of Emilio Largo from the James Bond film Thunderball, second in command of The SPECTRE terrorist organization.
Mr. Bigglesworth.
Mr. Bigglesworth is a fictional cat belonging to Dr. Evil. He was originally similar to Blofeld's cat, a typical white Persian cat from the James Bond movie series.
He was forced to escape hastily with Dr. Evil in a cryogenic capsule, but lost all of his fur due to an error in the thawing out process.
Mr. Bigglesworth has since that time been bald, played by a Sphynx cat named Ted NudeGent. Dr. Evil's miniature clone, Mini-Me, has a tiny cat called "Mini Mr. Bigglesworth"
In the third installment of the franchise, "Austin Powers in Goldmember", Mr. Bigglesworth is not seen once in the entire length of the film, except for promotional shots, the school flashback to when he still had hair as a kitten, where he was played by a 12-week-old kitten named Chloe. He was in a deleted scene in which Dr. Evil describes what it is like to hold a hairless cat - "like holding somebody's ass."
Fat Bastard.
Fat Bastard is an morbidly obese henchman hailing from Scotland, said to weigh a metric ton. His extreme size endows Fat Bastard with super-human strength as exhibited by his prowess in the Sumo ring from "Goldmember". This makes him a formidable enemy for Austin Powers. Fat Bastard is noted for his foul temper, his frequent flatulence, his vulgar and revolting bad manners and his unusual eating habits, which include cannibalism, more specifically a taste for human infants (which he calls "the other other white meat") or anything that looks like a baby, "e.g." midgets/dwarves, by which even Dr. Evil is grossed out. Fat Bastard was originally in the employ of the British Ministry of Defence as a guard, but his resentment of being told to lose weight caused him to defect, and he stole Austin's mojo while he was in cryostasis in 1969. Fat Bastard appears at the end of "Austin Powers in Goldmember", having lost most of his girth, claiming he lost "180 lbs" and attributing the loss to the "Subway diet", though he complains about the excess skin (notably around his neck, in the "shape of a vagina") left over from the weight loss.
Random Task.
Dr. Evil's handyman extraordinaire is Random Task, a Korean ex-wrestler whose personality and assassination style is a parody to that of Oddjob from "Goldfinger", except he throws his shoe instead of his hat. His names themselves are synonyms of 'odd' and 'job'. Task repetitively cracks his neck and it is often his job to silently move dead bodies away and move Dr. Evil's chair. Random Task attempts to kill Austin in his Honeymoon suite unsuccessfully as Austin uses the Swedish-made penis enlarger pump on him before Vanessa Kensington breaks a bottle of champagne over his head to subdue him. His unconscious but broadly-grinning body is then placed on a trolley and pushed along the corridor of the hotel.
Patty O'Brien.
Patty O'Brien is an ex-Irish assassin who is extremely superstitious, leaving a keepsake from his good-luck charm bracelet on the body of every victim he kills. Apparently Scotland Yard has been trying to get a hold of that bracelet for some time. O'Brien explains in his Irish accent: "They're always after me lucky charms!", a reference to the cereal Lucky Charms. Dr. Evil and Frau insult O'Brien revealing his voice to sound like the Leprechaun mascot from the Lucky Charms advertisement. However, O'Brien does not understand the reference. O'Brien attempts to assassinate Austin by choking him with his bracelet in the bathroom stall, but Austin drives his head into the toilet, drowning him. Patty's charms on his bracelet actually look like the marshmallows found in Lucky Charms cereal. He is a parody of Donald "Red" Grant from the 007 film From Russia With Love.
Mustafa.
Mustafa is a Crimean Tatar and another notable assistant, for he designs the cryogenic freezing process that preserves Dr. Evil for 30 years. In 1969, two years after the 1960s Dr. Evil was frozen, Mustafa is caught by the 1990s Austin Powers (who had followed 90's Dr. Evil through time) and is forced to answer questions on the location of 90's Dr. Evil's hideout (as it turns out, he can't help but answer any question that is asked to him three times). He is silenced by Mini-Me before he can reveal his boss's location and is nearly killed when he falls down a cliff. He survives, however, but breaks both his legs, and he pleads for someone to help him while at the bottom of the cliff. In 1997, he sees to it that the 90's Dr. Evil is thawed out, but he is dumped into an incineration chamber after Dr. Evil learns that the cryogenic freezing process has left Mr. Bigglesworth completely furless. He survives this as well, and calls for help after saying that he's in "quite a lot of pain". Dr. Evil sends a henchman down to shoot him to death. The first shot hits him in the arm, which only causes Mustafa to complain, before a second shot quiets him. Mustafa is still alive and has found employment working for Scott Evil.
Mini-Me.
The second film introduces Dr. Evil's clone, Mini-Me, who is 1/8 his size but twice as evil. Dr. Evil considers him more of a real son than Scott, provoking the latter's jealousy. As revealed by Myers in the audio commentary for the 2nd film, Mini-Me is a parody of the character Majai, from the film "The Island of Dr. Moreau", as played by 2'4" actor Nelson de la Rosa, whose sole purpose in that film is to follow Marlon Brando's Dr. Moreau character around and copy his every move, even dressing identically to Brando in every scene. Majai never speaks in the film, and similarly, Mini-Me does not speak either. Any comparison to Herve Villechaize's "Nick-Nack" character from "The Man with the Golden Gun" is merely coincidental.
Other assistants.
In the opening few minutes of the first film, Dr. Evil has four henchmen, namely Jurgen, Generalisimo, Rita, and Don Luigi, who are all executed because of their failure to kill Austin Powers. Rita was the final person to be killed. There are also unnamed henchmen who, in "The Spy Who Shagged Me" and "Goldmember", witness Austin and Felicity and Austin and Mini-Me, respectively, perform rather mundane tasks which look depraved, as the henchmen are observing their silhouettes through a tent or screen (making it appear that Felicity is pulling objects out of Austin's bottom where she is actually pulling them out of a bag, or Austin's genitalia, which is really Mini-Me's arm, tossing him an apple).
Secret lairs.
Parodying the many Bond villains, Dr. Evil inhabits a sequence of elaborate lairs.
In "Austin Powers: International Man Of Mystery", Dr. Evil's first lair is underground in the Nevada desert, "somewhere outside Las Vegas"; which are obvious homages to "You Only Live Twice" and "Diamonds Are Forever".
Following a successful investment by Number 2, Dr. Evil's lair in "Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me" is atop the Space Needle in Seattle, portrayed to be the Starbucks headquarters; later, it is housed first in a volcano with Dr. Evil's face carved into it on a Caribbean island (an homage to both "You Only Live Twice" and "Live and Let Die"), and then on the moon (the film's final villainous homage, to "Moonraker"). He also has a spaceship that resembles a penis and two testicles.
For the third film, "Austin Powers In Goldmember", Dr. Evil has a new lair behind the famous Hollywood Sign and a submarine lair, shaped like himself (an homage to Karl Stromberg's "Liparus" tanker in "The Spy Who Loved Me").
Schemes.
Dr. Evil's projects for world domination are often named after pop culture trademarks (Death Star, The Alan Parsons Project, Preparation H) and he is often unaware of the accidental pun. For example, when Dr. Evil says he will turn the moon into a "Death Star" (said with finger quotes), Scott laughs and calls him "Darth". Scott also coughs and mutters "Rip-off!" After a slight pause, his father says, "Bless you."
Dr. Evil varies in how real he makes his threats out to be. When he makes his threat of causing all of the volcanoes in the world to erupt at once, all he does is display his machinery, something of an homage to "Thunderball". When he makes the threat of "Death Star", he "demonstrates" the power of his laser by showing the President and the cabinet footage of the White House being destroyed. After the President and the cabinet realize they're still alive, he says "Well actually that was just footage from the movie "Independence Day", but the real laser would be a lot like that". With his threat of flooding the world, he shows that the tractor beam is real by pulling down a satellite that looks like a pair of breasts.
Dr. Evil seems to have a problem in general with understanding money, especially regarding the modern American economy and inflation. In the first film, he intends to hold the world ransom for one million dollars, but doesn't understand that isn't as large a sum of money as it was in the 1960s, because of inflation, and the demand causes the U.N. to burst out laughing. In the second film, Dr. Evil goes back to 1969 and plans to hold the world ransom for $100 billion, and when he tells the amount to the President, he receives a similar reaction as in the first film when the President and his cabinet laugh at him (due to him demanding an amount of money that did not exist at that time). In the second film, Dr. Evil says, "Why make trillions when we can make ... BILLIONS?" not knowing that trillions are larger than billions. In the third movie, he demands "1 billion, gagillion, fafillion, shabolubalu million illion yillion ... "yen"." This time his demand is met with simple confusion from the world leaders. In his first film his other idiotic schemes include a threat to destroy the ozone layer and make a scandal of Prince Charles' marriage, humorously unaware that these were both major issues recently and have since subsided.
One of Dr. Evil's greatest desires is to have "sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their heads," and is disappointed when he can't have the sharks because of laws on endangered species. Instead, Number 2 gives him mutated sea bass, which Dr. Evil grudgingly accepts, muttering "well, it's a start" (they were ill-tempered, as the bass do manage to eat the head of one unfortunate henchman hired by Dr. Evil). Scott however, manages to get him said sharks in the third film as a father-son gift.
Dr. Evil can't resist cracking puns at his own work (he says his submarine lair is "long and hard and full of seamen"). As with Auric Goldfinger, he creates models of his plans, worried that they are too complicated for his minions to understand. He also cares nothing for the companies (Virtucon, Starbucks, Hollywood Talent Agency) that fund his plans, ignoring all suggestions from Number 2 on how to increase the profit of such companies. Although he was impressed that Number 2's Hollywood Talent Agency was able to recruit celebrities such as George Clooney, Julia Roberts and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Parody.
The James Bond films.
Just as Austin Powers lampoons James Bond, Dr. Evil parodies several James Bond villains. The first is Ernst Stavro Blofeld, as portrayed by Donald Pleasence in the film "You Only Live Twice". Blofeld has a white Persian cat, parodied by Dr. Evil's Mr. Bigglesworth.
Dr. Evil also wears clothing with a strong resemblance to Julius No, played by Joseph Wiseman, from the film "Dr. No", specifically gray Nehru Jacket jumpsuits and similar anti-radiation suits. Some aspects, including some of his quotes and his henchman Random Task, parody elements from "Goldfinger".
While Dr. Evil is primarily a send-up of the 1960s Sean Connery-era Bond villains, the 1970s Roger Moore-era also gets skewered: the interior of Dr. Evil's space station in "The Spy Who Shagged Me" resembles Hugo Drax's space station from "Moonraker", and the film's title spoofs "The Spy Who Loved Me". Dr. Evil has three testicles, as is proven in "Goldmember" when he checks to see that "they're all there" following a rather painful blow to his groin. This is most likely a nod to James Bond villain Francisco Scaramanga from 1974's "The Man with the Golden Gun", who has three nipples.
Others.
Some of Dr. Evil's facial and vocal expressions are allegedly patterned after Lorne Michaels, producer of television's "Saturday Night Live", where Myers worked for a number of years. Most notably, Dr. Evil's statement "throw me a frickin' bone here, people," was supposedly something Michaels said many times at script meetings for SNL. As Dr. Evil, Myers occasionally affects an
Ontario accent,
reflecting his (and Michaels') upbringing.

</doc>
<doc id="19196555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196555" title="Railway stations in Venezuela">
Railway stations in Venezuela

Railway stations in Venezuela include:
City with underground railway system:
See

</doc>
<doc id="19196565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196565" title="Qwest">
Qwest

Qwest Communications International, Inc. was a large United States telecommunications carrier. Qwest provided local service in 14 western U.S. states: Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.
On April 22, 2010, CenturyLink announced it would acquire Qwest in a stock-for-stock transaction. The merger closed on April 1, 2011. Qwest began doing business as CenturyLink in August 2011.
Qwest provided voice, Internet backbone data services, and digital television in some areas. It operated in three segments: Wireline Services, Wireless Services, and Other Services. The Wireline Services segment provided local voice, long distance voice, and data and Internet (DSL) services to consumers, businesses, and wholesale customers, as well as access services to wholesale customers. The Wireless Services segment was achieved by a partnership with Verizon Wireless. Qwest also partnered with DirecTV to provide digital television service to its customers. In Phoenix, Denver, Salt Lake City, Boise, and Omaha, Qwest offered Qwest Choice TV. The Other Services segment primarily involved the sublease of real estate assets, such as space in office buildings, warehouses, and other properties.
Qwest Communications also provided long-distance services and broadband data, as well as voice and video communications globally. The company sold its products and services to small businesses, governmental entities, and public and private educational institutions through various channels, including direct-sales marketing, telemarketing, arrangements with third-party agents, company’s Web site, and partnership relations. As of September 13, 2005, Qwest had 98 retail stores in 14 states. Qwest Communications was headquartered in Denver, Colorado at 1801 California Street, in the second tallest building in Denver at 53 stories. The majority of Qwest occupational or non-management employees are represented by two labor unions; the Communications Workers of America and in Montana, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. Qwest also had state-of-the-art development centers in Bangalore and Noida (New Delhi), India called Qwest Software Services.
History.
Founding.
Founded in 1996 by Philip Anschutz, Qwest began in an unconventional way. Anschutz, who owned the Southern Pacific Railroad at the time, established the subsidiary Southern Pacific Telecommunications Company and began installing the first all-digital, fiber-optic infrastructure along his railroad lines and connecting them into central junctions in strategic locations to serve businesses with high-speed data and T1 services. In 1997, the Southern Pacific Railroad was merged into the Union Pacific, in which Qwest gained access to UP's railroad lines to lay fiber-optic cable for its telecom network. At that time Anshutz had a contract with MCI to lay nationwide fiber for them along the railway lines; he took advantage of this situation and laid his own fiber along with that of MCI. In 1995, SP Telecom moved from San Francisco to Denver after acquiring Dallas-based Qwest Communications Corp., a digital microwave system owner, taking over its name and facilities. The Qwest headquarters were at 555 17th Street.
Qwest Communications grew aggressively, acquiring internet service provider SuperNet in 1997, followed by the acquisition of LCI, a low cost long distance carrier (located in Dublin, Ohio and McLean, Virginia) in 1998, and followed again by the acquisition of Icon CMT, a web hosting provider, also in 1998. This launched Qwest as not only a provider of high speed data to the niche market of corporate customers, but also a quick-growing residential and business long distance customer base that it quickly merged into its data service.
Qwest partnered with the Dutch national telecom operator KPN to create the pan-European data communications and hosting company KPNQwest. KPNQwest was formed in November 1998 and went on to launch an Initial Public Offering on the Nasdaq and Amsterdam stock Exchanges in November 1999. KPNQwest collapsed in bankruptcy in 2002.
US WEST acquisition.
Qwest merged with "Baby Bell" US West on June 30, 2000 through an apparent hostile takeover. Philip Anschutz owned 17.5% of the resulting company. Unlike prior merger transactions between the Baby Bells, in which the acquired entities survived as subsidiaries of SBC Communications and Bell Atlantic, US WEST ceased to exist when it was immediately absorbed into Qwest with all subsidiaries of US WEST becoming directly owned by Qwest.
As a condition of the merger, Qwest was required to sell off its long distance operations in the 14-state boundary in which it provided local telephone services. They were eventually sold to Touch America. In 2003, Qwest acquired Touch America from 360networks after Touch America filed for bankruptcy. The acquisition ended ongoing disputes between the two companies in which Touch America alleged Qwest continued to illegally sell long distance services within the former U S WEST region.
Directory operations sale.
In 2002, Qwest agreed to sell its directory operations, QwestDex, to private equity firms The Carlyle Group and Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe for $7 billion. The sale allowed Qwest to generate cash to fend off a bankruptcy filing that it may have had to resort to due to significant amounts of debt it had incurred since the collapse of the dot-com bubble. The resulting company was named Dex Media.
Alliances.
Qwest Communication partnered with other major communications companies, including AT&T and Verizon, to form Movearoo.com. Created on July 9, 2008, the website is a program designed to help customers in the process of moving find home service providers available in their area.
Problems.
Customer complaints and consumer issues.
One of the historically significant mass complaints regarding Qwest involved allegations that the then-long-distance-only company switched local telephone service customers over to Qwest's long-distance service without their permission, an illegal practice known as "slamming". In July 2000, Qwest paid a $1.5 million fine to the Federal Communications Commission to resolve slamming complaints. In April 2001, they paid a $350,000 fine to the Pennsylvania Bureau of Consumer Protection after the state cited them for deceptive advertising and slamming practices. The company's settlements included a requirement that all of its sales employees sign a pledge stating that slamming was barred and a condition for dismissal from Qwest employment.
Accounting and insider trading irregularities.
The company was also involved in accounting scandals, and was fined $250 million by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), to be split into two $125 million payments due to the poor state of Qwest's current financial health. Among the transactions in question were a series of deals from 1999 to 2001 with Enron's broadband division which may have helped Enron conceal losses. In 2005, former Chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) Joseph Nacchio, former President and chief operating officer (COO) Afshin Mohebbi and seven other former Qwest employees were accused of fraud in a civil lawsuit filed by the SEC. Separately, Nacchio was convicted of 19 counts of insider trading in Qwest stock on April 19, 2007. On March 31, 2011 US Federal Judge Marcia Krieger issued a summary judgement rejecting all SEC's claims against Afshin Mohebbi and ruling in his favor.
Qwest's original slogan was "Ride The Light", which was meant to portray the company as technologically advanced. In 2002, Richard C. Notebaert, who took over as CEO that year, introduced the "Spirit of Service" campaign which promotes the company as being refocused on customer satisfaction.
In 2004, Qwest became the first Regional Bell operating company (RBOC) in the United States to offer Standalone DSL (also known as Naked DSL), i.e. DSL Internet service that does not require the customer to have local landline phone service.
Refusal of NSA surveillance requests.
In May 2006, "USA Today" reported that millions of telephone calling records had been handed over to the United States National Security Agency by AT&T Corp., Verizon, and BellSouth since September 11, 2001. This data has been used to create a database of all international and domestic calls. Qwest was allegedly the lone holdout, despite threats from the NSA that their refusal to cooperate may jeopardize future government contracts, a decision which has earned them praise from those who oppose the NSA program.
In the case of "ACLU v. NSA", U.S. District Judge Anna Diggs Taylor on August 17, 2006 ruled that the government's domestic eavesdropping program is unconstitutional and ordered it ended immediately. The Bush Administration filed an appeal in the case, and Judge Taylor's decision was overturned by the appeals court.
Former Qwest CEO Joseph Nacchio, convicted of insider trading in April 2007, alleged in appeal documents that the NSA requested that Qwest participate in its wiretapping program more than six months before September 11, 2001. Nacchio recalls the meeting as occurring on February 27, 2001. Nacchio further claims that the NSA cancelled a lucrative contract with Qwest as a result of Qwest's refusal to participate in the wiretapping program. Nacchio surrendered April 14, 2009 to a federal prison camp in Schuylkill, Pennsylvania to begin serving a six-year sentence for the insider trading conviction. The United States Supreme Court denied bail pending appeal the same day.
A social media experiment and website covering the Qwest holdout, "Thank you Qwest dot Org" built by Netherlands-based webmaster Richard Kastelein and American expatriate journalist Chris Floyd, was covered by the "CNN Situation Room", "USA Today", "New York Times", "International Herald Tribune", "Denver Post", News.com, and the "Salt Lake Tribune".
Merger with CenturyLink.
On April 22, 2010, CenturyLink announced it would acquire Qwest in a stock-for-stock transaction. CenturyLink shareholders will hold a 50.5% share of ownership in the combined company, while Qwest shareholders would own the remaining 49.5%. The valuation of CenturyLink's purchase as of April 21, 2010 is $22.4 billion, including the assumption of $11.8 billion of outstanding debt held by Qwest as of December 31, 2009. Qwest has started to do business as CenturyLink from August 8, 2011.
Corporate structure.
Qwest Communications International, Inc. is the holding company. It is the parent company of many more entities, but those listed below are the main operating units:
Defunct entities.
Malheur Home Telephone Company: Commonly known as Malheur Bell, it was merged into its corporate parent Qwest Corporation on December 14, 2009.
Qwest Interprise America: Merged into Qwest Service Corporation in 2007 then moved to Qwest Communications Company, LLC.
Qwest Services Corporation: While still a legal entity, it previously supplied the administrative and operation services Qwest Corporation currently provides.
Qwest Cyber.Solutions: Operated as an application service provider (ASP) in the late 1990s and early 2000s (decade) hosting, managing and integrating complex software offerings such as SAP, Oracle and JD Edwards.
U S WEST, Inc.: The Regional Bell Operating Company it acquired in 2000. It was legally merged into Qwest on June 30, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19196593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196593" title="John F. Winslow">
John F. Winslow

John Flack Winslow (November 10, 1810 – March 10, 1892) was an American businessman and iron manufacturer who was the fifth president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
He was born on November 10, 1810 in Bennington, Vermont, and was a direct descendant of Kenelm Winslow, brother of Edward Winslow, a "Mayflower" colonist and a governor of Plymouth Colony. John Winslow worked as a clerk in a commission house until he was 21. In 1831, he joined the New Jersey Iron Company as a manager in the Boston office. In 1933 (1833?), he started his own business, making pig iron in Bergen and Sussex counties in New Jersey. In 1837, he and Erastus Corning started a partnership to produce iron. Their partnership lasted for about thirty years. They owned the Rensselaer Iron Works and the Albany Iron Works, which were the largest producers of iron in the United States. When Corning gained control of the Lulworth Iron company in Mount Savage, Maryland, he made Winslow the President. In 1863, they sent Alexander Lyman Holley to learn more about the Bessemer process and they also obtained the US rights to the Bessemer patents. They started the production of Bessemer steel in 1865.
Starting in 1861, Winslow and his business partner John Griswold worked with John Ericsson to build the USS Monitor. After the naval board had not approved Ericsson's proposal for the ironclad warship, Griswold and Winslow met with President Lincoln personally to advocate for its construction. Lincoln then arranged a meeting with them in the office of the Secretary of the Navy. During subsequent meetings, the Navy resisted the project but finally approved but without funding on October 4, 1861. Largely out of frustration, Winslow arranged to finance the project himself, at a cost of $275,000. 
After the signing of the contract, construction began rapidly. Interim reimbursements were made by the Navy during construction but by the time of the battle the final payments had not been made. Therefore, the Monitor remained the property of the de facto lien holder, John Flack Winslow. Some of the iron for the Monitor was produced at the Albany Iron Works in Troy. The ship was launched 101 days from the signing of the contract, in time to defend the Union blockade during the Battle of Hampton Roads. Along with John Ericsson, Griswold and Winslow received much praise for their efforts in producing the Monitor. They also received contracts 
for additional ironclad warships.
In 1865, he was appointed president of Rensselaer. He continued in this position until 1868. Unlike the previous university presidents, he did not have a background as a pastor. He was also a director of several banks and the director and president of the Poughkeepsie and Eastern Railroad. The Winslow Chemical Laboratory, built in 1866, was named in honor of his donation of half the construction cost and his enterprise on behalf of the Institute. The building was added to the US National Register of Historic Places in 1994. Winslow died on March 10, 1892 in Poughkeepsie, New York, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19196615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196615" title="Tommi Miettinen">
Tommi Miettinen

Tommi Miettinen (born December 3, 1975) is a retired Finnish professional ice hockey player currently working as a coach for KalPa, the Finnish club he played for until he ended his playing career in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19196623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196623" title="Gap Band IV">
Gap Band IV

Gap Band IV is an album by The Gap Band, released in 1982 on Total Experience Records. The album reached #1 on the Black Albums chart and #14 on the Pop Albums chart. Contrary to the name, it is the band's sixth album.
The album produced the singles "Early in the Morning" (#1 Black Singles, #13 Club Play Singles, #24 Pop Singles), "You Dropped a Bomb on Me" (#2 Black Singles, #39 Club Play Singles, #31 Pop Singles), and "Outstanding" (#1 Black Singles, #24 Club Play Singles, #51 Pop Singles).
This was the first album producer Lonnie Simmons released directly on his label, Total Experience Records. The album was later reissued on CD in 1994 by Mercury Records, Total Experience's parent company at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19196630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196630" title="Patrick Bailey">
Patrick Bailey

Patrick Bailey (born November 19, 1985) is an American football linebacker who is currently with the Tennessee Titans. He was signed by the Steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He graduated in 2004 from Alamo Heights High School in San Antonio and played college football at Duke.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
After spending the first two games of the 2008 season on the Steelers' practice squad, Bailey was signed to the active roster on September 20 after the team waived running back Gary Russell. Bailey made a solo special teams tackle against the Philadelphia Eagles in his first NFL game, and followed that up with two solo tackles on special teams against the Baltimore Ravens. He injured his hamstring playing against the Ravens, and was listed as questionable for the week 5 game.
Bailey was waived on October 4 when the team signed practice squad defensive tackle Scott Paxson to the active roster. He was re-signed to the practice squad the following day, rejoining the active roster soon after. Bailey earned the Steelers rookie of the year award for his play on special teams.
He was cut on the 4th September 2010, during the Steelers' final roster cuts.
Tennessee Titans.
On September 5, 2010, Bailey was claimed off waivers by the Tennessee Titans.
Personal life.
Bailey and his wife Maggie live in Nashville, Tennessee and Elmendorf, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19196631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196631" title="Stallings theorem about ends of groups">
Stallings theorem about ends of groups

In the mathematical subject of group theory, the Stallings theorem about ends of groups states that a finitely generated group "G" has more than one end if and only if the group "G" admits a nontrivial decomposition as an amalgamated free product or an HNN extension over a finite subgroup. In the modern language of Bass–Serre theory the theorem says that a finitely generated group "G" has more than one end if and only if "G" admits a nontrivial (that is, without a global fixed point) action on a simplicial tree with finite edge-stabilizers and without edge-inversions.
The theorem was proved by John R. Stallings, first in the torsion-free case (1968) and then in the general case (1971).
Ends of graphs.
Let Γ be a connected graph where the degree of every vertex is finite. One can view Γ as a topological space by giving it the natural structure of a one-dimensional cell complex. Then the ends of Γ are the ends of this topological space. A more explicit definition of the number of ends of a graph is presented below for completeness. 
Let "n" ≥ 0 be a non-negative integer. The graph Γ is said to satisfy "e"(Γ) ≤ "n" if for every finite collection "F" of edges of Γ the graph Γ − "F" has at most "n" infinite connected components. By definition, "e"(Γ) = "m" if "e"(Γ) ≤ "m" and if for every 0 ≤ "n" < "m" the statement "e"(Γ) ≤ "n" is false. Thus "e"(Γ) = "m" if "m" is the smallest nonnegative integer "n" such that "e"(Γ) ≤ "n". If there does not exist an integer "n" ≥ 0 such that "e"(Γ) ≤ "n", put "e"(Γ) = ∞. The number "e"(Γ) is called "the number of ends of" Γ.
Informally, "e"(Γ) is the number of "connected components at infinity" of Γ. If "e"(Γ) = "m" < ∞, then for any finite set "F" of edges of Γ there exists a finite set "K" of edges of Γ with "F" ⊆ "K" such that Γ − "F" has exactly "m" infinite connected components. If "e"(Γ) = ∞, then for any finite set "F" of edges of Γ and for any integer "n" ≥ 0 there exists a finite set "K" of edges of Γ with "F" ⊆ "K" such that Γ − "K" has at least "n" infinite connected components.
Ends of groups.
Let "G" be a finitely generated group. Let "S" ⊆ "G" be a finite generating set of "G" and let Γ("G", "S") be the Cayley graph of "G" with respect to "S". The "number of ends of" "G" is defined as "e"("G") = e(Γ("G", "S")). A basic fact in the theory of ends of groups says that e(Γ("G", "S")) does not depend on the choice of a finite generating set "S" of "G", so that "e"("G") is well-defined.
Cuts and almost invariant sets.
Let "G" be a finitely generated group, "S" ⊆ "G" be a finite generating set of "G" and let Γ = Γ("G", "S") be the Cayley graph of "G" with respect to "S". For a subset "A" ⊆ "G" denote by "A"∗ the complement "G" − "A" of "A" in "G".
For a subset "A" ⊆ "G", the "edge boundary" or the "co-boundary" "δA" of "A" consists of all (topological) edges of Γ connecting a vertex from A with a vertex from "A"∗. 
Note that by definition "δA" = "δA"∗.
An ordered pair ("A", "A"∗) is called a "cut" in Γ if "δA" is finite. A cut ("A","A"∗) is called "essential" if both the sets "A" and "A"∗ are infinite. 
A subset "A" ⊆ "G" is called "almost invariant" if for every "g"∈"G" the symmetric difference between "A" and "Ag" is finite. It is easy to see that ("A", "A"∗) is a cut if and only if the sets "A" and "A"∗ are almost invariant (equivalently, if and only if the set "A" is almost invariant).
Cuts and ends.
A simple but important observation states:
Cuts and splittings over finite groups.
If "G" = "H"∗"K" where "H" and "K" are nontrivial finitely generated groups then the Cayley graph of "G" has at least one essential cut and hence "e"("G") > 1. Indeed, let "X" and "Y" be finite generating sets for "H" and "K" accordingly so that "S" = "X" ∪ "Y" is a finite generating set for "G" and let Γ=Γ("G","S") be the Cayley graph of "G" with respect to "S". Let "A" consist of the trivial element and all the elements of "G" whose normal form expressions for "G" = "H"∗"K" starts with a nontrivial element of "H". Thus "A"∗ consists of all elements of "G" whose normal form expressions for "G" = "H"∗"K" starts with a nontrivial element of "K". It is not hard to see that ("A","A"∗) is an essential cut in Γ so that "e"("G") > 1.
A more precise version of this argument shows that for a finitely generated group "G": 
Stallings' theorem shows that the converse is also true.
Formal statement of Stallings' theorem.
Let "G" be a finitely generated group. 
Then "e"("G") > 1 if and only if one of the following holds:
In the language of Bass-Serre theory this result can be restated as follows:
For a finitely generated group "G" we have "e"("G") > 1 if and only if "G" admits a nontrivial (that is, without a global fixed vertex) action on a simplicial tree with finite edge-stabilizers and without edge-inversions.
For the case where "G" is a torsion-free finitely generated group, Stallings' theorem implies that "e"("G") = ∞ if and only if "G" admits a proper free product decomposition "G" = "A"∗"B" with both "A" and "B" nontrivial.

</doc>
<doc id="19196647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196647" title="Ukraina Lwów">
Ukraina Lwów

Ukraina Lwów (full name: "Sports Society Ukraina Lwów") was an Polish football (kickball) team of the ST Ukraina (Sports Society), located in the city of Lwów which in the interbellum period belonged to the Second Polish Republic (now Lviv, Ukraine). The ST Ukraina was a sports society of ethnic Ukrainians. The football team existed in 1911-14, 1921-39 and 1942-44.
The club was founded in 1911 based on the Ukrainian Sports Club (USK, existed since 1904) on initiative of professor Iwan Boberski who had previously been a teacher of physical education in a Ukrainian junior high school in Przemyśl. During first three years of existence, Ukraina played mostly with other ethnic Ukrainian sides from Galicia, and in 1914, with outbreak of World War I, the club ceased its activities. 
Ukraina returned in 1921 and in 1928 it became a member of the Polish Football Association. The team played in Lwow A-Class, which was equivalent of today's second level of football games (see: Lower Level Football Leagues in Interwar Poland). In the 1930s, Ukraina was one of the strongest football teams in southeastern Poland, its top player, Aleksandr Skocen after World War II went to France and played for OGC Nice (see: List of foreign Ligue 1 players). Altogether, Ukraina played twelve seasons in the Lwow A-Class, three times placing on the second position (1937, 1938 and 1939). Overall, Ukraina got 199 points in 182 games (with two points for a victory and one for a tie), with goal difference 433:351.
Ukraina played its last known game on August 27, 1939. On that day, using field of the friendly side of Pogoń Lwów, the Ukrainians beat the team of Kazimierz Gorski, Worker's Lwow 4-0.
Ukraina Lwow also had an ice-hockey department, which in February 1938 became a sensational vicechampion of the Lwow region.
After the World War II in 1944 the ST Ukraine was dissolved by the Soviet authorities. Former members reestablished the society in Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19196652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196652" title="2008 Dublin Horse Show">
2008 Dublin Horse Show

The 2008 Dublin Horse Show was hosted by the Royal Dublin Society (R.D.S.) at Ballsbridge, Dublin, Ireland, taking place between August 6 and August 10. The competition was named after its main sponsor, Fáilte Ireland.
The show events were divided into two main areas, showing horses and show jumping. The showing classes are a major showcase of the best of the Irish horse. Some classes are restricted to Irish-bred horses.
This article concentrates on the major show jumping competitions.
Results.
August 6.
Fáilte Stakes.
Thirty-one riders competed in the 4,750 € Fáilte Stakes. The jumping height was 1.40 m for the Table A event. The top eight riders placed and received financial prizes.
Speed Stakes.
Thirty-five riders competed in the 10,500 € Speed Stakes. The jumping height was 1.40 m for the Table C event. The top nine riders placed and received financial prizes.
Irish Sports Council Classic.
Fifty-eight riders competed in the 21,000 € Irish Sports Council Classic. The jumping height was 1.50 m for the Table C event with jump-off. The top fifteen riders placed and received financial prizes.
August 7.
Power and Speed.
Fifty-three riders competed in the 21,000 € Power and Speed. The class was sponsored by Knight Frank LLP. The jumping height was 1.50 m for the Table A event. The top fourteen riders placed and received financial prizes.
Speed Derby.
Twenty-nine riders competed in the 21,000 € Speed Derby. The jumping height was 1.40 m for the Table C event. The top eight riders placed and received financial prizes.
Six Bar.
Nineteen riders competed in the 16,000 € Six Bar. The top eight riders placed and received financial prizes.
August 8.
Samsung Super League.
Eight teams of four riders competed in the 156,000 € Samsung Super League event, the seventh event in the 2008 Samsung Super League series. There were two rounds to the event, with all teams placing and receiving financial prizes.
August 9.
Accumulator.
Thirty-five riders competed in the 15,750 € Accumulator. The jumping height was from 1.35 m to 1.60 m for the accumulator with joker event. The top nine riders placed and received financial prizes.
Speed Derby.
Forty-five riders competed in the 21,000 € Dublin Stakes. The jumping height was 1.50 m for the Table A event. The top twelve riders placed and received financial prizes.
Land Rover Puissance.
Eleven riders competed in the 36,000 € Land Rover Puissance. The class was sponsored by Land Rover. The top five riders placed and received financial prizes.
August 10.
Speed Championship.
Twenty riders competed in the 26,000 € Speed Championship. The class was sponsored by Walls Construction Ltd.. The jumping height from 1.40 m to 1.50 m for the Table C event. The top seven riders placed and received financial prizes.
Longines International Grand Prix.
Thirty-nine riders competed in the 130,000 € Longines International Grand Prix. The class was sponsored by Longines. The jumping height was 1.50 m for the Table A event which occurred over two rounds. The top ten riders placed and received financial prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="19196675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196675" title="Sudan People's Liberation Army">
Sudan People's Liberation Army

The Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) is the army of the Republic of South Sudan. The SPLA was founded as a guerrilla movement in 1983 and was a key participant of the Second Sudanese Civil War. Throughout the war, it was led by John Garang de Mabior.
Following John Garang's death, Salva Kiir Mayardit was named the new Commander-in-Chief of SPLA. 
As of 2013, the SPLA was estimated to have 210,000 soldiers and an unknown number of personnel in the small South Sudan Air Force. The SPLA is divided into divisions of 10,000-14,000 soldiers. Following the independence of South Sudan in 2011 the SPLA became the regular army of the new republic.
History.
In 1983 a number of mutinies broke out in the barracks of the Sudanese army in the southern regions, most notably in Bor. These mutineers would form the nucleus of SPLA. By June 1983 the majority of mutineers had moved to Ethiopia, or were on their way towards Gambella. The Ethiopian government decided to support the nascent SPLA was a means of revenging the Sudanese government support to Eritrean rebels.
SPLA was led by Commander-in-Chief John Garang de Mabior. SPLA struggled for a united and secular Sudanese state. Garang stated that the struggle of the South Sudanese was the same as that of marginalized groups in the north, such as the Nuba and Fur peoples. Until 1985, SPLA directed its public denouncements of the Sudanese government specifically at Nimeiri. During the years that followed, SPLA propaganda denounced the Khartoum government as a family affair that played on sectarian tensions. SPLA denounced the introduction of sharia law in September 1983.
War in the 1980s.
In the village of Bilpam, the first full-fledged SPLA battalion graduated in 1984. The name 'Bilpam' would carry a great symbolic importance for SPLA for years to come, as the epicentre of the uprising. After Bilpam, other SPLA training camps were established at Dimma, Bonga and Panyido.
In the mid-1980s the SPLA armed struggle had blocked the development projects of the Sudanese government, such as the Jonglei Canal and the Bentiu Oil Fields.
SPLA launched its first advance in Equatoria in 1985-1986. During this campaign, SPLA were confronted by a number of pro-government militias. The conduct of SPLA forces was chaotic, with many atrocities against the civilian population. The SPLA drove out around 35,000 Ugandan refugees (that had settled in Equatoria since the early 1980s) back into Uganda.
SPLA had a complicated relationship with Anyanya II. Anyanya II forces blocked the expansion of SPLA between 1984 and 1987, as Anyanya II attacked SPLA recruits heading towards the SPLA based in Ethiopia. Anyanya II also attacked civilians believed to be SPLA supporters. The conflict between Anyanya II and SPLA had a political dimension, as Anyanya II sought to build an independent South Sudanese state. SPLA did however try to win over the leaders of Anyanya II to their fold. The Anyanya II commander Gordon Kong Chuol aligned with SPLA in late 1987. Other sectors of Anyanya II would follow his example over the coming years, rendering the remainder of Anyanya II (allied with the Sudanese government) marginalized.
Another force which confronted SPLA were the "Murahaleen" militias in northern Bahr el-Ghazal. Warfare between SPLA and "Muraleheen" began in 1987. By 1988 SPLA controlled most of the northern Bahr el-Ghazal. Unlike the Anyanya II, however, the "Murahaleen" had no political ambitions.
Political openings.
SPLA boycotted the 1986 elections. In half of the constituencies of southern Sudan elections could not be held due to the SPLA boycott.
On November 15, 1988 SPLA entered into an alliance with the DUP. The two parties had agreed on the lifting of the state of emergency and abolition of sharia law. The press release was made public through an announcement on Radio SPLA. After DUP rejoined the government, a ceasefire with SPLA was achieved. After the elections, negotiations between SPLA and Sadiq al-Mahdi had been started. But the talks were aborted as SPLA shot down a civilian airplane. 60 people were killed in the attack.
With the NIF coup d'état in 1989, all peace talks ended. SPLA launched a major offensive between 1989 and the fall of the Ethiopian Derg government in 1991. It captured various towns, such as Bor, Waat, Yambio, Kaya, Kajo-Kaji, Nimule, Kapoeta, Torit, Akobo and Nasir. 
By the middle of 1991, SPLA controlled most parts of southern Sudan with the exception of the major garrison towns (Juba, Yei, Malakal and Wau) Between January 21 and January 29, 1990 SPLA shelled Juba town. SPLA forces also moved into the Nuba Mountains and the southern parts of the Blue Nile State. In comparison with its 1985-1986 offensive in Equatoria, the conduct of SPLA was now more orderly.
1991: Setback and split.
But the downfall of the Derg government in Ethiopia in May 1991 caused a major set-back. The Ethiopian government had provided the SPLA with military supplies, training facilities and safe-haven for bases during 18 years. Soon after the change of government in Ethiopia, SPLA accompanied hundreds of thousands of refugees back into Sudan.
A split in SPLA had simmered since late 1990, as Lam Akol and Riek Machar began to question Garang's leadership. Lam Akol began secretly contacting SPLA officers to join his side, especially amongst the Nuer people and Shilluk people. The situation deteriorated after the fall of the Derg. As the Derg regime crumbled, Lam Akol published a document titled "Why Garang Must Go Now". The split was made public on August 28, 1991 in what became known as the Nasir Declaration. The dissidents called for democratization of SPLA and a stop to human rights abuses. Moreover, the dissidents called for an independent South Sudan (in contrast to the SPLA line of creating a united and secular Sudan). Kong Coul joined the rebellion. The 'SPLA-Nasir' was joined by the SPLA forces in Ayod, Waat, Adok, Abwong, Ler and Akobo. A period of chaos reigned inside SPLA, as it was not clear which units sided with Garang and which units sided with SPLA-Nasir.
Garang issued a statement through the SPLA radio communications system, denouncing the coup. Nine out of eleven (excluding himself) SPLA/M PMHC members sided with Garang. The mainstream SPLA led by John Garang was based in Torit. The two SPLA factions fought each other, including attacks on civilians in the home turf of their opponents.
Battles of 1992.
As of 1992 the Sudanese government launched a major offensive against SPLA, which was weakened by the split with SPLA-Nasir. SPLA lost control of Torit (where SPLA was headquartered), Bor, Yirol, Pibor, Pochalla and Kapoeta.
SPLA made two attacks on Juba in June–July 1992. SPLA nearly captured the town. After the attacks, the Sudanese government forces committed harsh reprisals against the civilian population. Summary executions of suspected SPLA collaborators were carried out. On September 27, 1992 the deputy commander-in-chief of SPLA, William Nyuon, defected and took a section of fighters with him. SPLA re-captured Bor on November 29, 1991.
2005 Peace Deal.
In 2004, a year before the peace deal, the Coalition to Stop Child Soldiers, estimated that there were between 2,500 and 5,000 children serving in the SPLA.
Ministry of Defence.
In 2007, the SPLA was further organised into the Ministry of Defence. Gen. Dominic Dim Deng an SPLA veteran and distinguished General, was chosen to become the first Minister for SPLA Affairs subsequently the first political officer of the SPLA. Gen. Dim died in a plane crash in 2008 alongside his wife Madam Josephine Apieu Jenaro Aken and other SPLA officers. He is buried alongside his wife at the SPLA headquarters in Bilpham, Juba.
Deputy Chief of Staff (Logistics) James Hoth Mai replaced Oyay Deng Ajak as Chief of General Staff in May 2009.
The Government of Southern Sudan named the SPLA headquarters outside Juba 'Bilpam'.
Work on a national security strategy began in late 2012.
2013 political crisis.
On December 15, 2013, fighting broke out in Juba between different factions of the armed forces in what the South Sudanese govenment has described as a coup d'état. President Salva Kiir announced that the attempt was put down the next day, but fighting resumed December 16. Military spokesman Colonel Philip Aguer said that some military installations had been attacked from armed soldiers but that "the army is in full control of Juba." He added that an investigation was under way and that though the situation was tense it was also unlikely to deteriorate.
Organisation and equipment.
Current organisation.
As of 2013, the SPLA was organised into a 210,000-person strong army comprising nine light infantry divisions and a small air force. At this time the government was planning to reduce the size of the military.
Richard Rands wrote in 2010 that '..he initial organisation of the SPLA, based on divisions, was designed in mid-2005 but not implemented at ground level until early 2006. It was based on six divisions and four independent brigades:
Division. An additional division—the 7th— was established in Upper Nile State. It is referred to as a mobile division.'
Following the independence of South Sudan, the 9th and 10th Divisions became part of SPLA-North and left the mainstream SPLA.
'..the SPLA formed a Special Force (or ‘Commando’) brigade of 4 battalions—approximately 3,500 men who graduated from training in New Cush, Eastern Equatoria—in mid-2007; the force was deployed as independent units, on specialist tasks, by the end of the same year.
Equipment.
As of 2013 the SLPA's land forces operated the following heavy equipment:
As of 2013 the South Sudan Air Force operated the following aircraft:
Defence expenditure.
According to the 2013 edition of the International Institute for Strategic Studies' report "The Military Balance", South Sudan's defence budgets since 2011 have been as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19196687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196687" title="Radek Philipp">
Radek Philipp

Radek Philipp (born February 12, 1977) is a Czech professional ice hockey player with the HC Sparta Praha team in the Czech Extraliga.

</doc>
<doc id="19196701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196701" title="My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys (film)">
My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys (film)

My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys is a 1991 Western drama film starring Scott Glenn and Kate Capshaw and directed by Stuart Rosenberg.
Plot.
Scott Glenn is H.D., a champion rodeo rider whose career is ruined after being gored by a bull. He returns home to discover things have drastically changed — the family farm has been abandoned, his old girlfriend Julie (Kate Capshaw) is a now a widowed mother, and his sister Cheryl (Tess Harper) has put his father (Ben Johnson) in a nursing home. H.D. rescues his father from the home and returns him to the ranch. But when H.D. leaves the farm to visit Julie, his father seeks out Cheryl. Cheryl retaliates by threatening to return her father to the nursing home and sell the ranch. At this point, H.D. takes notice of a rodeo contest which would give him $100,000 if he can ride four bulls for a total of 32 seconds. H.D. bonds with his father as he gruelingly prepares for a return to the rodeo to win the contest and buy the ranch.
Reception.
Balthazar Getty was nominated for best young actor of the year by the Young Artist Awards.
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times said, "One thing I enjoyed was the work of Scott Glenn, an unsung but always interesting actor (The Right Stuff, The River, The Silence of the Lambs), who plays the cowboy with a taciturn and weathered conviction. I also liked the unstudied sincerity of the great Ben Johnson, as his father (he was already playing this role 20 years ago, in The Last Picture Show). I liked the way old character actors like Dub Taylor turned up in a poker game, and it was fun to see Mickey Rooney, although he should have turned the energy down a notch. ... The most interesting element of "My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys" is the cantankerous old man who is indeed impossible, and forgetful, and careless, and impossible to please. If they leave him in the nursing home he'll die, but if they let him live alone he'll sooner or later kill himself or somebody else. So what should they do about him? Because this was the only question in the movie that had not already been answered in dozens of other films, I waited for the movie to attend to it. But of course room had to be made for the Rocky ending.
The score by James Horner was well received.

</doc>
<doc id="19196712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196712" title="CKEN">
CKEN

CKEN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19196713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196713" title="The Language of Cities">
The Language of Cities

The Language of Cities is the second studio album by Maserati, released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19196728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196728" title="Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck">
Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck

Queen Ashi Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck (Dzongkha: རྡོ་རྗེ་དབང་མོ་དབང་ཕྱུག་; Wylie: "Rdo-rje Dbang-mo Dbang-phyug") (December 20, 1955, second daughter of Yab Ugen Dorji and Yum Thuiji Zam) is a former queen of Bhutan and first wife of former King Jigme Singye Wangchuck, who is married to four sisters all of whom were entitled to be called queen.
Ashi Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck is the first wife of King Jigme Singye Wangchuck, the Fourth King of Bhutan. Her Majesty is the mother of Princess Sonam Dechan Wangchuck and Prince Jigyel Ugyen Wangchuck.
Activities.
Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck has initiated numerous programmes to improve the quality of life of the Bhutanese people especially in the rural areas through the creation of the Tarayana Foundation. The Foundation seeks to help those experiencing financial difficulties through housing schemes, scholarships, training, production and marketing of rural products and financial support. In consultation with the community members, Tarayana has identified several projects including cultivation of medicinal, aromatic and dye plants like mountain indigo, turmeric and ginger to increase cash income. Currently Tarayana works in 40 of the remotest villages of Bhutan.
The Queen Mother is not only an accomplished author but also a keen supporter of literary works, particularly among the youth. She has sponsored and edited a number of books on poetry and essays on issues of relevance to the country. She is the author of “Of Rainbows and Clouds” a story of Yab Ugen Dorji (the Queen’s Father), which is not only a gripping family saga, but an illuminating window on Bhutanese culture, society and history. Her second book “Treasures of the Thunder Dragon – A Portrait of Bhutan” is a blend of personal memoir, history, folklore and travelogue.
The Queen Mother is the Chief Patron of “Mountain Echoes: a Literary Festival”, being organised by the Indo-Bhutan Friendship Association that brings together renowned national and international authors and poets. The festival is a successful forum for exchange in literature and a celebration of the two cultures of India and Bhutan.
Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck has also been the Chief Patron to the Ministry of Agriculture since 1999 as the vast majority of the Bhutanese are farmers with many working under harsh climatic and geographic conditions. In this connection Her Majesty has visited the remotest corners of Bhutan and seen firsthand, their plight. Many of the beneficiaries of grants from the Tarayana Foundation are women, men and children she encountered during her rural tours undertaken on foot. As the President of Tarayana Foundation Her Majesty continues to undertake these journeys into the remote communities of Bhutan to assess the impact of Tarayana’s work as well as to explore new areas of intervention.
The Queen Mother's keen interest in environment preservation has led her to support National Parks, Biological Corridors and programmes to protect the environment. Great care is taken to incorporate environmental conservation in all the projects supported by Tarayana.
Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck has delivered numerous keynote addresses both at home and overseas on issues relating to poverty reduction, environment preservation and social transformation of women.
She is also the Founder and Patron of the Folk Heritage Museum in the capital, Thimphu. The museum showcases traditional folk knowledge, crafts and way of life and has become a popular site for local and foreign visitors. The Druk Wangyel Chortens in Dochula, which consists of 108 stupas and a temple was conceived and constructed by Her Majesty. Her Majesty commissioned the construction of the Lungchutse Chorten, and restoration of the Lungchutse monastery. The resoundingly successful Smithsonian Folk Life Festival of Bhutan in Washington DC in 2008 was organized under the guidance and patronage of Her Majesty.
She is the Honorary President of Sherubtse College, Bhutan’s oldest and most respected institution of higher learning and takes a keen interest in youth and gender issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19196751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196751" title="Chaguaramas">
Chaguaramas

Chaguaramas can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19196759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196759" title="All or Nothing (Theory of a Deadman song)">
All or Nothing (Theory of a Deadman song)

"All or Nothing" is the third overall single (first mainstream single in Canada and fourth mainstream single in the United States) by Theory of a Deadman from the album "Scars & Souvenirs". It has experienced great success in Canada. It's only been released as a mainstream single for top 40 and hot AC radio stations across Canada and U.S., and has not been released in rock format. In February 2010, the song debuted on the U.S. Adult Pop chart at #35. This song was sung by Theory of a Deadman during the concert series of the 2010 Winter Olympics on February 14, 2010.
Song meaning.
This song was written by Tyler Connolly about his wife, the actress Christine Danielle. Tyler is reminiscing about different times in their relationship, whilst also proclaiming his love for her.
Music video.
A music video for this song was not made until mid-October, when it had already lost some popularity at the time. It features Tyler Connolly singing and playing guitar through a crowd of passing people, along with the band. A man leaves his house and goes to a street race against another clan of people. The setting of the video looks like it's from the 60's. It closely resembles "The Outsiders" novel/film, because the man was like a Greaser, while the other clan were like the Socs (during the racing scene near the end of the video).

</doc>
<doc id="19196763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196763" title="List of current SHL captains and alternate captains">
List of current SHL captains and alternate captains

The following players have been named captains and alternate captains of their Swedish Hockey League (SHL) teams for the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19196783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196783" title="Xiao Hua">
Xiao Hua

Xiao Hua (蕭華), formally the Duke of Xu (徐公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Suzong.
Background.
It is not known when Xiao Hua was born. He was from one of the most prominent families of Tang Dynasty officialdom, having descended from the imperial clan of the Liang Dynasty, and his father Xiao Song was a prominent chancellor and general during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. Xiao Hua's brother Xiao Heng (蕭衡) married Emperor Xuanzong's daughter Princess Xinchang.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
In 733, when Xiao Song was removed as chancellor (although still remaining as a high-ranked official) in the midst of his conflict with fellow chancellor Han Xiu (who was also removed as a result), Xiao Hua was made an imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong"), and was soon promoted to be the deputy minister of public works (工部侍郎, "Gongbu Shilang"). After Xiao Song died in 749, Xiao Hua inherited the title of Duke of Xu. Toward the end of Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742-756), Xiao Hua was made the deputy minister of defense (兵部侍郎, "Bingbu Shilang").
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing), and soon established a state of Yan with him as emperor. In 756, with Yan forces approaching the Tang capital Chang'an, Emperor Xuanzong fled toward Chengdu. Most officials, including Xiao Hua, were unable to follow him, and Xiao Hua was captured by Yan forces. An made him the prefect of Wei Prefecture (魏州, in modern Handan, Hebei).
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 758, with Emperor Xuanzong's son Emperor Suzong then the emperor of Tang and An Lushan's son An Qingxu then the emperor of Yan, Tang forces recaptured Chang'an and Yan's capital Luoyang, forcing An Qingxu to flee to Yecheng, near Wei Prefecture. Nine Tang military governors ("Jiedushi"), led by Guo Ziyi, put Yecheng under siege. Xiao Hua sent secret correspondences to the Tang army agreeing to rise against Yan forces. His correspondences, however, were intercepted, and he was imprisoned. When the Tang general Cui Guangyuan (崔光遠) captured Wei Prefecture, he freed Xiao. It was said that the people of Wei Prefecture favored Xiao's governance and petitioned Emperor Suzong to let Xiao remain at Wei Prefecture, and Emperor Suzong agreed. However, when the Yan general Shi Siming -- who briefly submitted to Tang but then turned against Tang again—advanced south toward Yecheng from Fanyang, Guo was uncertain about Xiao's loyalty and so summoned him to the Tang army camps, replacing him with Cui. Soon, in a confrontation with Shi's forces, Tang forces collapsed, and in the aftermaths, Xiao went back to Chang'an. He was still considered tainted by his service as a Yan official, and he was demoted to be the acting "Mishu Shaojian" (秘書少監) -- the deputy director of the archival bureau (秘書省, "Mishu Sheng"). He was soon promoted to be "Shangshu You Cheng" (尚書右丞), one of the Secretaries General of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). In 759, he was made the mayor of Hezhong Municipality (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) as well as the military governor of Hezhong Circuit (headquartered in Hezhong Municipality).
Around the new year 761, Xiao was recalled to Chang'an to serve as "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎) -- the deputy head of the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"). He was also given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". He was also made an imperial scholar at Chongwen Pavilion (崇文館) and put in charge of editing the imperial history. In 761, when the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo wanted to be chancellor, and Emperor Suzong, who by this point was fearful of Li Fuguo, refused on the basis that he did not have the support of the officials, Li Fuguo tried to persuade the senior official Pei Mian to recommend him. Emperor Suzong told Xiao that if an important official (i.e., someone like Pei) recommended Li Fuguo, he would no longer have the excuse to refuse Li Fuguo's request. When Xiao subsequently discussed this with Pei, Pei's response was:
Subsequently, Li Fuguo was not able to be chancellor while Emperor Suzong was alive, much to Li Fuguo's resentment, and Li Fuguo believed Xiao to be responsible. In 762, Li Fuguo accused Xiao of being power hungry, and repeatedly requested Emperor Suzong to remove Xiao. Emperor Suzong, apprehensive of Li Fuguo, removed Xiao from his chancellor position and made him the minister of rites (禮部尚書, "Libu Shangshu"), replacing him with Yuan Zai, at Li Fuguo's recommendation.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Emperor Suzong died shortly after, and he was succeeded by his son Emperor Daizong -- who took the throne after Li Fuguo prevailed in a bloody conflict with Emperor Suzong's wife Empress Zhang in which Empress Zhang and Emperor Daizong's brother Li Xi (李係) the Prince of Yue were killed. Li Fuguo was (briefly) completely in control, and Yuan Zai, in order to flatter him, accused Xiao of crimes. Xiao was demoted to be the military advisor to the prefect of Xia Prefecture (峽州, in modern Yichang, Hubei). He died while still at Xia Prefecture. His grandsons Xiao Mian and Xiao Fang later served as chancellors as well, during the reigns of Emperor Muzong and Emperor Xizong, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19196784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196784" title="Joris Bert">
Joris Bert

Joris Bert (born May 16, 1987 in Louviers, France) height: 5'10", weight :165 lbs), is a French baseball player who plays center field. He bats left and throws left. He is nicknamed "Frenchie" by his teammates.
Biography.
He started playing baseball as a child when he arrived late to a soccer practice one day. He noticed some children playing baseball in the next field, and went to join them; he enjoyed the game and has been interested in the sport ever since then.
Educated in Louviers, and then at the "Institut national du sport et de l'éducation physique (INSEP)", Joris played on the field as both a pitcher and an outfielder. Arriving in Rouen after having improved his game with the Woodchucks of Bois-Guillaume of the Division Élite, he won the 2006 French baseball championship while playing for the Rouen Huskies. In July 2006, he was the second runner up for the "Europe Espoir" prize while playing with the French national team.
A quick runner with a strong arm, he moved to Texas in January 2007 to play ball for Frank Phillips College of the NJCAA. He led his team with in RBIs and stolen bases (42 in 49 games). Major League Baseball recruiters became interested in him during the 2007 draft, and on June 8, 2007, he became the first French baseball player in history to be drafted by a Major League Baseball franchise. He was selected during the 19th round (596th overall) of the 2007 player draft by the Los Angeles Dodgers.
From June 12–16, 2007, the played in the European Baseball Cup in Saint Marin with the Huskies, winning the second place European Championship.
His Minor League debut was on July 27, 2007 with the Gulf Coast League. During this first game as a GCL Dodger, he scored one run against the GCL Marlins.
As a member of the French national baseball team, he was selected to play in the Beijing tournament from August 15–24, 2007 and he also played in the European Championship from September 5–16, 2007.
He was recruited with a starting bonus of 25 000 Euros, and now makes a monthly salary of 800 Euros.
Joris had visa problems upon arrival in the US, but was able to play in the Gulf Coast League. He has quickly adapted to the new culture; he speaks fluent Spanish, and has integrated well with his international teammates. The Dodgers expect action from him, and he is rapidly learning the finer points of hitting. According to a New York Times report, his parents have not come to see him play in the US, "They don't understand", he says.
He was released during the 2009 season.
Sources.
"This article draws heavily on the :fr:Joris Bert article in the French-language Wikipedia, which was accessed in the version of September 5, 2008.
sources quoted here are also quoted in the French Wikipedia article of the same name

</doc>
<doc id="19196788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196788" title="HD 36041">
HD 36041

HD 36041 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="19196791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196791" title="Ahmad Zakii Anwar">
Ahmad Zakii Anwar

Ahmad Zakii Anwar (born 1955 in Johor state, Malaysia) is one of the most well-known artist in Malaysia.
Early life and education.
Zakii was born in Johor Bahru, Johor in Malaysia. He is the youngest of 6 children. Zakii developed his love for art at the age of 6. He attended Ngee Heng Primary School from 1962 until 1967 and went to secondary school at English College Johore Bahru. After graduation, Zakii was accepted into the School of Art and Design, MARA Institute of Technology Malaysia.
Family.
Zakii's father, Tan Sri Haji Anwar bin Abdul Malik, was a politician. He was credited as the person who gave the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) its name – initially United Malays Organization. This was at a meeting in Batu Pahat when seven UMNO founders from Johor Baru met Datuk Onn Jaafar to call for a unification of the disparate Malay nationalist groups at the time. He later became Onn’s private secretary when Onn became Johor’s Chief Minister. Anwar's mother was Hajjah Saodah binti Abdullah, a housewife. Zakii has two elder sisters, Tan Sri Zarinah Anwar, who was the chairman of Securities Commission Malaysia and Zainah Anwar, prominent Malaysian non-governmental organisation leader and activist. She was the head of Sisters in Islam for more than twenty years before deciding to step down to give way to young blood to continue the fight for Muslim women's rights. Their father died in 1998, and their mother, Hajjah Saodah bte Abdullah, died the following year. Zakii is married with 4 children.
Career.
The artist began his career as a graphic artist, producing some of the leading advertising graphics of his time. From there, he continued to establish his name by converting to fine art where his techniques have been exemplary and world class.
Zakii came to attention for his virtuosity and command of a spectrum of media from charcoals to oils, building a reputation for stunning photo-realist still-life paintings and expressive portraits. Later, a more contemporary edge surfaced in his works as Zakii introduced urban subjects and settings into his canvases. He is lauded for capturing not just city motifs and urban features but also a distinctive psychological dimension and cinematic quality in these scenarios. Zakii's preoccupation with the spiritual or metaphysical aspects of urban life, as seen through his use of icons, symbols and allegories (including metaphors of theatre, performance and masks) have also marked his practice.
Some of Zakii's exhibitions include:

</doc>
<doc id="19196795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196795" title="Chaguaramas, Venezuela">
Chaguaramas, Venezuela

Chaguaramas is a town in northern Venezuela, in the state of Guárico. It is the shire town of the Chaguaramas Municipality.
Transport.
In 2006, is was proposed to build a new railway line to this station.

</doc>
<doc id="19196800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196800" title="Marko Mäkinen">
Marko Mäkinen

Marko Mäkinen (born March 31, 1977) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently with TPS Turku in the Finnish SM-liiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19196817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196817" title="Thomas C. Brinsmade">
Thomas C. Brinsmade

Thomas Clark Brinsmade (1802–1868) was a physician in Troy, New York, who was the sixth president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
He was born in New Hartford, Connecticut, on June 16, 1802. After studying and practicing medicine in Massachusetts and Connecticut, he moved to Lansingburgh, New York, in 1823 and then to Troy, New York, in 1833. He received an honorary degree in medicine from Yale University in 1839. After the deaths of Stephen Van Rensselaer (1839) and Amos Eaton (1842), when the Rensselaer School was in dire need of funds, Brinsmade bought the entire property and equipment of the school at an auction. He allowed faculty and students to use it until the school could repay him.
He was a president of the Rensselaer Medical Society and later moved to the state medical society In 1857 he was elected its vice-president of the State Medical Society, and the following year, president. In 1858, as vice-president, he delivered an address on the registration of diseases, and furnished the society an accurate record of his practice for twenty-one years,carefully analyzed and tabulated, covering three hundred pages of the published transactions, and comprising statistics of 37,872 cases. In 1860 he presented another paper on the registration of diseases, including statistics of 20,056 cases treated between 1858 and 1859.
He was one of the earliest patrons of Rensselaer and a trustee for twenty years. He was treasurer from 1844-1847 and vice president from 1864-1868. He was elected president of the Institute on May 7, 1868. His tenure was short-lived, however, as he died during a meeting of the Board of Trustees on June 22, 1868, while giving a speech demanding for more funds.

</doc>
<doc id="19196835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196835" title="Climax Springs Fire Tower">
Climax Springs Fire Tower

The Climax Springs Fire Tower is a fire tower located by Climax Springs, Missouri on Route 7. 
The tower is an Aermotor LS40 model fire tower. It was constructed in 1948. Today the tower is still in good condition. It is open to the public however the cab is closed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19196845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196845" title="KMRQ">
KMRQ

KMRQ (96.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an active rock format. Licensed to Riverbank, California, USA, the station serves the Modesto area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications.
History.
The station went on the air as KQKK in 1979. The station has changed call signs several times over the years, finally settling on the KMRQ calls. The station had spent the previous 2 ½ years as a Spanish language station branded as "La Preciosa" until the switch to Active Rock on 2008-09-05.[http://www.modbee.com/1618/story/418972.html]
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19196901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196901" title="AutoCollage 2008">
AutoCollage 2008

AutoCollage 2008 is a Microsoft photomontage desktop application. The software creates a collage of representative elements from a set of images. It is able to detect faces and recognize objects.
The software was developed by Microsoft Research labs in Cambridge, England and launched on September 4, 2008.
An update, named Microsoft Research AutoCollage 2008 version 1.1, was released on February, 2009. The software update adds the ability to select images for the AutoCollage, a richer integration with Windows Live Photo Gallery, support for network folders and the ability to define custom output sizes.
A new version, named Microsoft Research AutoCollage Touch 2009, was released on September 2009, and included by some OEMs on machines with Windows 7.

</doc>
<doc id="19196914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196914" title="Harald Nestroy">
Harald Nestroy

Harald N. Nestroy (born 1 February 1938) is a retired German diplomat who was ambassador to Costa Rica, Namibia, Malaysia and the Republic of the Congo. In 1987, he visited Bhutan for the first time, and is now the chairman of the society Pro Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="19196921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196921" title="Thor Equities">
Thor Equities

Thor Equities, LLC, is an international real estate development and investment firm and is based in New York City. Thor Equities specializes in acquiring and developing high street investment properties in major retail locations worldwide . Thor’s New York City portfolio of assets includes retail properties on Fifth Avenue, SoHo, the Meatpacking district, and Brooklyn including Coney Island. Thor also has investments on major U.S. shopping streets including San Francisco’s Market Street, South State Street in Chicago, Robertson Boulevard in West Hollywood, and Collins Avenue and Lincoln Road in Miami Beach. Internationally, Thor Equities purchased and restored the historic Burlington Arcade in London and is expanding in France. It is also pursuing emerging market investments and is developing luxury mixed use investments in Mexico. Thor also offers an investment vehicle for institutional investors and foundations seeking to invest in the global retail property market through its Thor Urban Property Funds. Thor Equities is also affiliated with several companies including Thor Urbana which invests in prime retail real estate in Mexico, the retail advisory and tenant representation firm Thor High Street Advisors, and the luxury real estate brokerage firm Town Residential. 
Background.
Thor was founded in 1986 by Joseph J. Sitt. He picked the name Thor for the company name because he was an avid Thor comic book fan and thought it would fit his "concept of being the protector of the cities." His first investment was a property sold at tax auction in the on East Tremont Avenue in the Bronx, a chronically under served retail area, where he built a one-story retail structure with money from "family, friends, roommates, parents of roommates." He proceeded to secure national retailers Rite Aid Pharmacy and Payless Shoes after convincing them of the value of this location.
Ashley Stewart.
From Sitt’s early realization of the retail gap that left broad swathes of inner city consumers largely underserved by major retailers, Sitt founded Ashley Stewart (a name inspired by Laura Ashley and Martha Stewart) in 1991 which sold modern and fashionable plus-size clothing to African American women. 
Each Ashley Stewart store hired from within the community and the company was recognized by President Clinton for its large contribution to the nation’s innovative Welfare to Work program. Ashley Stewart quickly grew to over 380 stores in more than 100 cities which prompted many national retailers to follow suit and helped change the urban retail landscape. Sitt was also partial owner and managed the Children’s Place kids clothing chain, as well as Marianne Stores, a retail outlet specializing in clothing for Latina women.
As business boomed, Sitt sold his interest in 2000 to concentrate on urban real estate through his company Thor Equities.
In 2004, Sitt was profiled by Crains in its annual "40 Under 40" article, which reported that he had a portfolio worth nearly $750 million.
Development activities.
Thor Equities is a global full service real estate development and investment company whose capabilities include acquisitions, financial management, development, property management, and leasing. Thor specializes in value-added investments in high street retail, shopping centers, malls, hotels and mixed-use urban projects. Today, Thor’s current portfolio of properties totals over and is valued at more than $5 billion. 
Thor also created an investment platform to allow institutional investors to harness the growth trends seen in urban property markets worldwide. The Thor Urban Property Funds investors include investment banks, pension funds, top-tier college endowments, and foundations. The funds’ size is in excess of one billion dollars. 
In recent years, Thor has expanded its holdings to include properties in Mexico City, London, and Cannes. In a 2012 cover story, The New York Commercial Observer dubbed Joseph Sitt the “International Man of Mystery” for his organization’s growing international focus, scope, and reach. 
Notable Global Developments and Acquisitions.
Thor acquired London’s iconic Burlington Arcade in 2010 for £104 million. The property, located in London’s highly trafficked West End shopping district, was built in 1819 and is London’s first covered shopping street and a fabled shopping destination. 
In 2012 Thor also acquired a major retail property at 65 Boulevard de la Croisette in the heart of Cannes, France. Current tenants there include Bottega Vanetta, Balenciaga, Brioni, Burberry, Yves Saint Laurent, Paule Ka, Jimmy Choo, and Emilio Pucci. Cannes is a well-established international tourist and festival destination for wealthy consumers. 
Thor also owns several luxury retail properties in Mexico City on Avenida Presidente Masaryk, which is known as Mexico City’s Fifth Avenue, Calderon, and La Fontaine. Thor has attracted such retailers as Gucci and Salvatore Ferragamo to these properties. 
Manhattan.
Thor is a major retail property owner on New York’s Fifth Avenue and its properties include the Takashimaya building at 693 5th Avenue, the Scribner building at 597 5th Ave, and three adjacent buildings at 516-520 5th Avenue which will include possible retail, hotel, and residential components. Sitt has been seen as one of the market makers on Fifth Avenue that is pushing retail growth further south of the traditional southern border at 49th Street. 
Thor has also made significant investments in the Meatpacking district betting on the area to continue its climb as a premier retail destination in Manhattan driven in part by the High Line and the future arrival of the new Whitney Museum in 2015. Thor’s significant Meatpacking investments include 837 Washington Street with Taconic Investment Partners, 428 West 14th Street, and 446 West 14th Street. 
Thor is also heavily active in New York’s SoHo area and owns numerous properties in the district. In 2013, Sitt partnered with several investors to purchase 529 Broadway for $150 million in what is perhaps slated to be the first ground up construction in SoHo in years. Other areas in Manhattan where Thor owns properties include Tribeca, Madison Avenue, Chelsea, the Flatiron, the Upper East Side, and its headquarters near Bryant Park. 
Brooklyn.
Thor owns a large portfolio of Brooklyn properties located in Brooklyn Heights, Cobble Hill, Boerum Hill, Downtown Brooklyn, Red Hook, Coney Island, and Bay Ridge. Properties of note include a large tract of oceanfront property situated between Ikea and Fairway in Brooklyn’s Red Hook neighborhood, a BJ’s Wholesale Club on Shore Parkway which began construction late 2012, and several prime retail properties on Atlantic Avenue in the Cobble Hill and Boerum Hill neighborhoods which has seen significant growth in recent years. 
Thor also owns a significant portfolio of property in Coney Island. In 2005, Thor bought a parcel of land west of the amusement district in Coney Island for $13 million, and sold it 14 months later for $90 million. Thor then bought more land on Coney Island along Stillwell Avenue as well as some Boardwalk property including Astroland. In 2006, Thor announced plans for a $1.5 billion Las Vegas-style resort to contain a huge glass-enclosed water park, wild rides, many stores and condominiums or time-share hotels in tall towers near the beach with the land it had acquired in Coney Island which required several zoning changes and soon City Hall and Thor became involved lengthy negotiations. The city had a competing vision and attempted to buy Thor’s land, but Thor did not accept the city’s offer. The negotiations continued and Astroland ceased operations September 7, 2008. Interim amusement rides and a flea market opened in the Summer of 2009 and closed later that year.
On November 11, 2009, Sitt reached a deal with New York City to sell a little more than half of his of land in Coney Island for $95.6 million. The deal capped off a lengthy 3 year negotiation with each side maintaining it had the best plan for the Coney's revival.
Another past development of note is Albee Square Mall in downtown Brooklyn. After Thor purchased the mall in 2001, they made various facility improvements in effort to attract new tenants to the long underperforming property. Later in 2005, Thor announced plans to build a 60-story tower in downtown Brooklyn on the parking lot it owned at the Albee Square Mall at Willoughby Street and Flatbush Avenue Extension. The building was to be the tallest tower in Brooklyn. After the city changed the zoning to permit the tower, Thor sold the proposed site for $125 million. Sitt felt the company had improved the area and that it was time to execute for his investors and move on. 
Chicago.
Thor bought the historic Palmer House Hilton Hotel in Chicago's Loop area in 2005 for $230 million and proceeded to undertake a $150 million renovation. Thor won numerous awards for this renovation including the Landmarks Real Estate and Building Industries Council Award for its “ongoing commitment to preservation and outstanding renovation,” The Chicago Commercial Real Estate Award for Redevelopment of the Year, The Construction Industry Service Corporation Award for Rehabilitation Project of the Year, and The Friends of Downtown Chicago Award for Best Renovation Project. In October 2012, the company agreed to re-finance Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for $365 million.
Thor owns several other retail properties on South State Street, one of Chicago’s main shopping streets, which are located inside Chicago's loop area where it was reported in 2013 that vacancies were at a 10 year low. The area has seen a 114% population increase since 1999 and the Census bureau reported that the immediate 2 mile area around Chicago’s City Hall (which includes the loop) has seen more retail growth in both absolute and percentage terms than any other American city including New York. 
San Francisco.
Thor owns the landmarked Phelan Building, a Victorian-style steel-framed structure reminiscent of New York’s Flatiron building, at 760 Market Street in San Francisco. Thor acquired it in 2008 from the Westcore Group. The building is home to the San Francisco office of the Sears Corporation as well as Twitter co-founder Evan William’s startup Obvious Corp. In a press release announcing the lease to Obvious Corp, Joseph Sitt cited the growing trend of Silicon Valley tech companies arriving to the surrounding area to set up shop.
Affiliated companies.
Thor Urbana Capital (Mexico).
Thor Urbana Capital is a joint venture between Thor Equities and Mexican developer GFa Grupo Inmobiliario. The company is based in Mexico City and plans to invest $500 million into redeveloping real estate across Mexico to capitalize on the country’s strong economic growth and real estate fundamentals.The venture’s first project is a full-block high end retail development along Playa del Carmen’s Quinta Avenida (Spanish for Fifth Avenue). Target markets include Metropolitan Mexico City, Guadalajara, Querétaro, Mérida, Puebla, Playa del Carmen, and Toluca. 
Thor High Street.
Thor High Street is an affiliate of Thor Equities that provides tenant representation, brokerage, and advisory services to retailers seeking to expand their businesses in high street areas around the world. They have offices in New York, London, Paris, and Mexico City. Coming from a retail background and citing his experience from being a landlord and developer, Sitt believes his firm has a unique perspective on what retailers seek and how to navigate the real estate landscape for his clients. The company plans to further increase its international presence into non traditional high growth markets that traditional brokerages often overlook like parts of Africa and Latin America where population numbers are predicted to rise substantially in the coming years. 
Town Residential.
Town Residential is a large Manhattan and Brooklyn luxury residential brokerage firm and Thor affiliated company that was founded in 2010. In January 2013, Crain's reported that it had 400 staffers, its 2012 retail volume was on target for $1 billion, and that it was set to expand to an additional 2 office locations bringing its total sales office locations to 8 in Manhattan. Sitt is an equity partner in Town which is headed by Andrew Heiberger who formerly founded the successful Citi Habitats residential brokerage firm. 
Non profit activities and honors.
Global Gateway Alliance.
Joseph Sitt is the Chairman and Founder of the not for profit Global Gateway Alliance which was created in 2012 to address the infrastructure challenges that New York metropolitan area airports face. Sitt made an initial $1 million donation to start the group which seeks to make New York’s airports among the best in the world. The group cites the increasing global competition between the world’s cities to win tourist and business travel and the substantial economic activity and prestige that New York City stands to lose from not maintaining a world class airport system that it once had many years ago. Board members include CEO of the Partnership for New York City Kathy Wylde, President of the Kushner Companies Jared Kushner, 
Henry Hart Rice Professor of Urban Policy & Planning and New York University Wagner School of Public Service Vice President Mitchell Moss, and Director of Aviation for the New York City Economic Development Corporation David Hopkins. 
Additional non profit activities and honors.
Joseph Sitt is an active board member of the Bedford Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation, one of the most respected community development organizations in the United States. He was instrumental in helping restore Restoration Plaza, the neighborhood’s Town Square and the BSRC’s main asset, and bringing to the area more retail options including its first family sit down restaurant and supermarket. In 2007, Harvard professor Michael Porter and the Initiative for a Competitive Inner City (ICIC) honored him for his commitment to fostering healthy competitive business conditions and new opportunities in inner city neighborhoods. 
According to Thor’s website, Sitt is also frequent speaker at industry conferences and various universities including Columbia University, New York University, Baruch, and Notre Dame. He serves on the board of the Real Estate Roundtable in Washington D.C., the Department of Real Estate at Baruch College, and is a member of the Partnership for New York City. He is also chairman of KHBA which seeks to improve Kings Highway’s streets for Brooklyn residents and businesses. 

</doc>
<doc id="19196922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196922" title="Martin Chabada">
Martin Chabada

Martin Chabada (born June 14, 1977) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently with the Luleå HF team in the Swedish Elitserien league.

</doc>
<doc id="19196945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196945" title="September 2008 in sports">
September 2008 in sports

See also: 2008 in sports, 

</doc>
<doc id="19197003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197003" title="Nordovyy">
Nordovyy

Nordovyy Island (Ostrov Nordovyy) is a small uninhabited island in the Caspian Sea. It is located 15 km north of Mys Bryanskaya Kosa, a cape on the western Caspian coast.
The island lies in a NW/SE orientation. It is long and narrow, with a length of 1.2 km and a width of 0.2 m. It is a refuge for a variety of marine birds that can thrive undisturbed by human presence.
Nordovyy Island belongs to the Dagestan Republic, a federal subject of the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="19197013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197013" title="Avan Jogia">
Avan Jogia

Avan Tudor Jogia (born February 9, 1992) is a British-Canadian actor with dual citizenship best known for playing Beck Oliver on "Victorious" and Danny Desai in "Twisted".
Personal life.
Family.
Jogia was born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia. His parents are both British expatriates who emigrated to Canada: His mother is of Welsh, English and Irish descent, and his father, originally from London (UK), is of Gujarati Indian descent. Avan Jogia speaks some Gujarati. 
Avan Jogia has an older brother, Ketan M. Jogia, who is a music producer and lives in London (UK). 
Education.
He went to a few different schools in Vancouver, including Killarney Secondary School and King George Secondary School. In tenth grade, when he was 16 years old, he left school altogether to pursue a career in acting.
Relationship.
Avan Jogia is in a relationship with actress Zoey Deutch.
Career.
Jogia's very first role came in 2006, when he played Danny Araujo, the younger brother of a transsexual teenage male to female, or transwoman, Gwen Araujo, in the television movie ', directed by Agnieszka Holland. He appeared in The CW TV series "Aliens in America" as the character Sam. In 2008, he appeared as Champ on ' and Tajid in "Spectacular!", both for the Nickelodeon network. Jogia plays Ben Stark in the TV series "Caprica", a spin-off of "Battlestar Galactica", on the Sci Fi Channel. Jogia portrayed Beck Oliver in the Nickelodeon television program "Victorious", which premiered in March 2010. His new movie, "Finding Hope Now". He also appeared as Beck Oliver in the "Victorious" crossover movie, "iParty With Victorious". Along with Daniella Monet (co-star from Victorious), he co-hosted the "" premiere on June 28, 2011 in New York.
Jogia also founded the online PSA organization Straight But Not Narrow supported by his good friend Josh Hutcherson, which is aimed towards changing the attitudes and viewpoints of young, straight people about the LGBT community.
Jogia currently plays the lead role of Danny Desai on the ABC Family series Twisted, which premiered on June 11, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19197045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197045" title="2009 Canadian Major Indoor Soccer League season">
2009 Canadian Major Indoor Soccer League season

The 2008–09 Canadian Major Indoor Soccer League (CMISL) season sees a different format than previous seasons. As the league has become affiliated with the Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL) in the United States, the Edmonton Drillers and Saskatoon Accelerators will play four soccer games and the Calgary United FC will play eight games against the PASL teams. Edmonton and Saskatoon will play two home games and two road games and Calgary will play four home games and four road games against PASL teams. In the CMISL portion of the schedule each team will play eight games. This will see Edmonton play six home games and two road games, Saskatoon play two home games and six road games and Calgary play six home games and two road games. As a result of the imbalanced schedule, the CMISL announced that all Calgary United FC games against PASL opponents will only be worth one point in the standings. The remainder of Calgary's schedule, as well as the entire Edmonton and Saskatoon schedules are worth two points in the standings.
The playoffs will feature the CMISL champion taking part in an interlocking championship with the winners of the PASL and the winner of the Mexican Liga Mexicana de Futbol Rapido. The CMISL championship will again be a first place versus second place game to be held March 8, 2009 in Calgary.
As the CMISL as become affiliated with the PASL, the CMISL has adopted the rules of the PASL. The most substantial change was the fact that all goals scored are now worth a single point.

</doc>
<doc id="19197056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197056" title="Joseph Sitt">
Joseph Sitt

Joseph J. Sitt (born 1964) is an American real estate investor, founder of the retail chain Ashley Stewart, and founder of Thor Equities.
Early life and education.
Sitt was born in 1964 near Coney Island, Brooklyn to a Syrian Jewish family. Sitt began working at a young age flea market booths at the Aqueduct and Roosevelt racetrack parking lots in the New York City area. Sitt was bothered by the lack of retail available at age 11 when his only choice was to go to Manhattan to get an Atari computer because he couldn't get it in Brooklyn. He received his B.S. from New York University's Stern School of Business and founded Thor Equities in 1986 before graduating from business school.
Career.
He picked the name Thor for the company name because he was an avid Thor comic book fan and thought it would fit his "concept of being the protector of the cities." His first investment was a property sold at tax auction in the on East Tremont Avenue in the Bronx, a chronically under served retail area, where he built a one-story retail structure with money from "family, friends, roommates, parents of roommates.". He proceeded to secure national retailers Rite Aid Pharmacy and Payless Shoes after convincing them of the value of this location.
From Sitt’s early realization of the retail gap that left broad swathes of inner city consumers largely underserved by major retailers, Sitt founded Ashley Stewart (a name inspired by Laura Ashley and Martha Stewart) in 1991 which sold modern and fashionable plus-size clothing to African American women. Each Ashley Stewart store hired from within the community and the company was recognized by President Clinton for its large contribution to the nation’s innovative Welfare to Work program. Ashley Stewart quickly grew to over 380 stores in more than 100 cities which prompted many national retailers to follow suit and helped change the urban retail landscape. Sitt was also partial owner and managed the Children’s Place kids clothing chain, as well as Marianne Stores, a retail outlet specializing in clothing for Latina women. As business boomed, Sitt sold his interest in 2000 to concentrate on urban real estate through his company Thor Equities.
In 2004, Sitt was profiled by Crains in its annual "40 Under 40" article, which reported that he had a portfolio worth nearly $750 million. 
Personal life.
Sitt is married and has four sons and a daughter. He lives in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. His uncle is real estate developer Stanley Chera.

</doc>
<doc id="19197106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197106" title="Museum of Industry and Agriculture">
Museum of Industry and Agriculture

The Museum of Industry and Agriculture () is a museum of technology at "Krakowskie Przedmieście 66" in Warsaw, Poland. 
History.
It was founded in 1866, chartered on June 5, 1875, opened in 1905, and destroyed in 1939 during World War II. From 1881 it was housed on "Krakowskie Przedmieście" in a former guardhouse and Bernardine monastery. It documented the history of Polish industry, agriculture and crafts. An 1875 co-founder was the Polish-Jewish banker and philanthropist Hyppolite Wawelberg.
It was in a physics laboratory run by Józef Boguski at the Museum that Maria Skłodowska (Marie Curie), future investigator of "radioactivity" (a term that she would coin) and future double Nobel laureate, in 1890–91 did her first scientific work.

</doc>
<doc id="19197121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197121" title="Alexander Hamilton Jr.">
Alexander Hamilton Jr.

Alexander Hamilton Jr (May 16, 1786 - August 2, 1875) was the third child and the second son to Alexander Hamilton. He graduated from Columbia University several weeks after his father was killed in a duel in 1804. He was invited to be an apprentice attorney in Stephen Higginson's Boston law firm and later became a lawyer. 
He fought in the Duke of Wellington's army then returned to America to serve in the War of 1812 as an infantry captain in the United States Army where served in the 41st Infantry Regiment from 1 August 1813 to 15 June 1815. 
He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1819. He also represented Eliza Jumel during the time she was divorcing her unfaithful husband Aaron Burr.
U.S. Attorney James Alexander Hamilton was his brother.
Alexander Hamilton also corresponded with President Abraham Lincoln regarding Gen. George McClellan's Peninsular Campaign during the American Civil War. Hamilton encouraged Lincoln to not press McClellan for quick results during his careful and ultimately unsuccessful siege of Richmond, Virginia (History channel "The Civil War Today" app - letter dated 11 June 1862 from New York). He references his time with Wellington as authority to judge military strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="19197138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197138" title="Albert C. Martin, Sr.">
Albert C. Martin, Sr.

Albert Carey Martin (September 16, 1879 – April 9, 1960) was an American architect and engineer.
He founded the architectural firm of Albert C. Martin & Associates, now known as AC Martin Partners, and designed some of Southern California's landmark buildings.
Martin is also credited with developing a system of reinforced concrete construction, along with reinforced brick masonry.
Early career.
Born in LaSalle, Illinois, Martin received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Illinois and began his career as a draftsman at Brown-Ketcham Iron Works in Indianapolis, Indiana. He worked in his early career in steel and iron for the Pennsylvania Railroad and Cambria Steel Company.
In 1904, Martin moved to Los Angeles, where he worked as a construction superintendent for Carl Leonardt & Company. He next went to work as an engineer for Alfred Rosenheim, one of the city's leading architects.
Architectural career in Los Angeles.
Martin formed his own firm, Albert C. Martin & Associates, in 1906. His firm went on to become one of the most prominent architectural firms in Los Angeles.
On October 16, 1907, he and Carolyn E. Borchard (February 21, 1883–June 9, 1959) were married in Oxnard, California. They had six children, including architect Albert C. Martin, Jr., who went into business with his father, and 
J. Edward Martin (October 23, 1916-November 22, 2004), a structural engineer who assumed management of the firm after World War II.
Martin's notable buildings include:
Recognition and later life.
In all, Martin and his associates designed some 1,500 buildings. In 1959, the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce recognized Martin for his contributions to the development of Los Angeles, by awarding him its annual "Man of Achievement" award. Martin's achievements included development of a system of reinforced concrete construction in 1907 and development of a method of reinforced brick masonry in 1933 to help safeguard the city's buildings against earthquakes.
Albert C. Martin died at age 80 in Los Angeles. The firm he founded, now known as AC Martin Partners, has continued as one of the city's leading architectural firms, and Martin's son, Albert C. Martin, Jr., was one of its leading architects.

</doc>
<doc id="19197158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197158" title="Puritan (disambiguation)">
Puritan (disambiguation)

The Puritans were a significant grouping of English Protestants in the 16th and 17th centuries. 
Puritan may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19197163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197163" title="Sri Dharmaloka College">
Sri Dharmaloka College

Sri Dharmaloka College is one of the well-established prominent national schools in the Western province of Sri Lanka, situated near the Kelaniya Temple. The school opened in 1938 on the premises of Vidyalankara Pirivena. In the 1950s, the college moved to its current location on the Kelaniya premises. Sri Dharmaloka College has been serving the educational needs of society in a responsible manner for the last seventy years.
Motto.
Dharmaloka's motto is "Aloko Uda Paadee," which means "The light has come," a lyric reputed to be mentioned by the greatest philosopher Lord Buddha after he had obtained enlightenment. In this same lyric, Buddha is said to have continued "The wise has attained."
Crest.
Dharmaloka's crest is a circle which contains a symbol of an oil lamp, the school motto, and lotus petals. The lotus petals symbolize glory and success. The oil lamp symbolizes light, wisdom and glory. The motto is in the middle circle of the crest.
Flag.
Dharmaloka's flag was designed many years after the school opened. It has three columns; the middle column is yellow and the side columns are maroon. In the middle column there is the school's crest. It symbolizes the school's glory and loyalty to Dharmaloka.
History.
Sri Dharmaloka is a Buddhist English school established in Peliyagoda in 1938 under the patronage of Vidyalankara Pirivena. It was named for the late Sri Dharmaloka Thero, founder of the pirivena.
Rev. Yakkaduwe Pannarama was a scholar priest who became the head of the pirivena and later the Vice Chancellor of Kelaniya University. When Rev. Pannarama and several other priests walked along Waragoda Road from the Pirivena in Peliyagoda to Bodhirukkharamaya in Waragoda, some Catholics of St. Paul's Convent and Girl's School were in the habit of shouting "thattayo," "sivuruhoro" and other words to humiliate them. Rev. Pannarama brought this to the notice of Sir D. B. Jayatilaka, President of the Dayaka Sabhawa, and he suggested that the pirivena must start a Buddhist school near the Catholic area as it is only through education that such persons may be corrected. So Jayatilaka and Rev Yakkaduwe founded the school. They also discussed at the Sabha meeting that even Christian children would join the school later and that education is the only way to combat ignorance.
Sri Dharmaloka Vidyalaya was opened in 1938 in a small building on land adjoining Vidyalankara Pirivena, and Mr. B. A. Kuruppu became its first headmaster. Sir D. B. Jayathilaka inaugurated the educational activities of the school by taking the first lessons of the first students. In 1940, Dharmaloka ushered in an era of rapid development. D. B. Dhanapala, the famous journalist, became principal of the school. At the beginning, this school possessed neither a playground nor sufficient space to set up even a volleyball court. The school building was surrounded by marsh. The road leading to the pirivena was used as a sports ground. The school gained in popularity and the following year, parents of Kelaniya rushed to get their children admitted. The size of the school building did not permit him to admit all the children who sought admission. He organized a fundraising carnival which enabled him to put up a two-storey building which could accommodate more children. The school was moved to Yasmin Walawwa premises.
The greatness of Dhanapala lay not only in his ability to teach and guide the students in educational matters, but also in his qualities as a great disciplinarian through which he imparted high moral ideals both to his students and teaching staff. During this period there were teachers of outstanding abilities such as C. M. Weeraratne, later Vice Principal of Ananda College and mathematics instructor at the University of Colombo, A. P. Jinadasa, H. L. Rathnapala, U.G.P. de Mel and Brakenridge whose impressive teaching methods influenced former Dharmaloka students who are now doctors, engineers, lawyers and more.
In 1946, Dhanapala left the school due to differences of opinion with the board of governors; most of the staff resigned with him. The school was handed over to the government and the venue shifted to the present site. Mr. H. M. Gunasekara took over the reins of the school as the principal.

</doc>
<doc id="19197172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197172" title="Theresa Goh">
Theresa Goh

Theresa Goh Rui Si (, ; born 16 February 1987) is a Singaporean Paralympic swimmer. Due to congenital spina bifida, she does not have use of her legs. Nonetheless, she started swimming at the age of five years, and began taking part in competitions at age 12. She soon established herself as a top competitor, winning medals at, among others, the ASEAN ParaGames (2001, 2003, 2005 and 2008), Far East and South Pacific Games Federation for the Disabled (FESPIC) Games (now known as the Asian Para Games) (2002), International Stoke Mandeville Wheelchair Sports Federation (ISMWSF) World Wheelchair Games (2003), National Swimming Championships (2004), and International Paralympic Committee (IPC) World Swimming Championships (2006).
In March 2007, at the Danish Open in Esbjerg, Denmark, Goh took top honours in the 100 metres breaststroke, 100 metres butterfly, 100 freestyle and 200 metres individual medley. At the 4th ASEAN ParaGames held in Nakhon Ratchasima (Korat), Thailand, in January 2008, Goh broke the record she set in May 2007 at the German International Disability Swimming Championships to win the gold in the 50 metres breaststroke in a world and FESPIC record time of 52.62 seconds. She achieved another gold in the 200 metres freestyle. Goh took part in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing in the 50 metres, 100 metres and 200 metres freestyle, and in the 100 metres breaststroke.
Goh competes in sport class S5 for the freestyle, SB4 for the breaststroke and SM5 for the individual medley. As of 22 August 2008, she held the world record for the 50 metres and 200 metres breaststroke, and was ranked second in the world for the 100 metres breaststroke and third for the 200 metres individual medley. Goh received the 2001 Sportsgirl Merit Award from the Singapore Disability Sports Council (SDSC) and was named Sportsgirl of the Year in 2002 and 2003. From 2004 to 2006, she was the SDSC's Sportswoman of the Year. On 27 February 2008 Goh received a special award at the SDSC's Sports Superstar Awards 2007 for outstanding achievements in swimming, and in August that year she was conferred the "Pingat Bakti Masyarakat" (Public Service Medal) in the National Day Awards.
Early life and education.
Theresa Goh was born on 16 February 1987 in Singapore, the eldest of three children of Bernard Goh, the general manager of an engineering company, and Rose, a housewife. Because she was born prematurely at seven months, her parents were worried she might not survive. They were also shocked to discover that she had congenital spina bifida, which results in an incompletely formed spinal cord, as the condition had not been detected during her mother's pregnancy. Goh had surgery at four months to close the opening at the base of her spine where her spinal cord was protruding. Due to her condition, she does not have use of her legs and relies on a wheelchair for mobility. She is also partially hearing-impaired due to an undeveloped left ear. Regarding her disabilities, she has said: "I'm fine with it. I [wouldn't] be swimming or where I am today if I weren't disabled."
Goh, who was introduced to swimming at the age of five years, attended Tampines North Primary School and Dunman Secondary School. She embarked on a Diploma in Moving Images at Temasek Polytechnic in 2005. As of January 2008, she was studying applied psychology at Raffles College, a private educational institute in Singapore.
Sporting career.
Goh competes in sport class S5 for the freestyle, SB4 for the breaststroke and SM5 for the individual medley. She began swimming at 12 years, winning two gold medals at the National Swimming Championships in 1999. She soon established herself as a top competitor, achieving a run of four gold medals at the 10th Malaysian Paralympic Games and ASEAN Invitation Championships in 2000. At the inaugural ASEAN ParaGames in Kuala Lumpur in 2001, she garnered six gold and two silver medals, and broke the world record in the 50 metres breaststroke. She was named Sportswoman of the Games, and also picked up the 2001 Sportsgirl Merit Award from the Singapore Disability Sports Council (SDSC). In the same year at the Australian National Junior Disabled Games, she won five gold and two silver medals, and broke four games records. She achieved three gold and one silver medal at the Far East and South Pacific Games Federation for the Disabled (FESPIC) Games (now known as the Asian Para Games) held between 26 October and 1 November 2002 in Busan, South Korea. At the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, although she did not pick up any medals she achieved games records of 51.05 seconds in the 50 metres freestyle and 1 minute 48.00 seconds in the 100 metres freestyle. In 2003, at the 2nd ASEAN ParaGames in Hanoi, Goh gained three golds, breaking three games records at the same time. She also swept the golds in the 50 metres backstroke, 100 metres breaststroke, 50 metres butterfly, and the 50, 100 and 200 metres freestyle in Christchurch at the International Stoke Mandeville Wheelchair Sports Federation (ISMWSF) World Wheelchair Games in 2003. She was named Sportsgirl of the Year in 2002 and 2003.
At the 2004 British Paralympic Trials, she was first in the 200 metres individual medley and broke her personal best in six events. That year she also took home a stunning ten gold medals at the National Swimming Championships. In her Paralympics début at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, she finished fifth in the 100 metres freestyle. She went on to complete three record-breaking swims at the 3rd ASEAN ParaGames in Manila in December 2005, breaking her own games records set at the 2003 ParaGames in the 50 metres butterfly and 100 metres freestyle events, and setting a new FESPIC record in the 100 metres butterfly. In March 2006, "Her World" magazine named her Young Woman Achiever 2005. She competed at the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) World Swimming Championships in South Africa in December 2006, winning a gold medal in the 200 metres individual medley and being pipped to first place in the 100 metres breaststroke by Israel's Inbal Pezaro by just 0.04 seconds. She also achieved a personal best time of 3 minutes 22.66 seconds in the 200 metres freestyle. She was the SDSC's Sportswoman of the Year from 2004 to 2006. 
Goh took the top honours in the 100 metres breaststroke, 100 metres butterfly, 100 freestyle and 200 metres individual medley at the Danish Open in Esbjerg, Denmark, between 9 and 11 March 2007. In August, at the Paralympic Swimming Championships in Osaka, she broke competition records in the 50 metres butterfly, 100 metres backstroke and 200 metres individual medley, and took a silver in the 200 metres freestyle. At the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation (IWAS) World Wheelchair and Amputee Games 2007 in Taipei the following month, she gained three gold, three silver and one bronze medal and attained two personal bests. Despite not training intensively for the 4th ASEAN ParaGames held in Nakhon Ratchasima (Korat), Thailand, between 20 and 26 January 2008, and regarding the competition as part of her training for the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing in September, Goh broke the record she set in May 2007 at the German International Disability Swimming Championships to win the gold in the 50 metres breaststroke in a world and FESPIC record time of 52.62 seconds. She also achieved golds in the 100 metres breaststroke and 200 metres freestyle. In April, she participated in the US Paralympics Trials in Minneapolis. She took gold medals in the 100 metres breaststroke and the 50 metres and 200 metres freestyle, and achieved a FESPIC record time of 55.09 seconds in the heats of the 50 metres butterfly. She was one of three people given the Youth Inspiration Award at the Stars of SHINE Award 2008 organized by the National Youth Council and the Ministry of Community Development, Youth and Sports to recognize outstanding young people who have overcome personal difficulties and contributed to the community, and on 27 February 2008 received a special award at the SDSC's Sports Superstar Awards 2007 for outstanding achievements in swimming. In August 2008, Goh was conferred the "Pingat Bakti Masyarakat" (Public Service Medal) in the National Day Awards.
Goh's personal best times as of September 2008 were 43.55 seconds for the 50 metres freestyle, 54.99 seconds for the 50 metres butterfly, 1 minute 32.92 seconds for the 100 metres freestyle, 1 minute 58.14 seconds for the 100 metres breaststroke, and 3 minutes 14.22 seconds for the 200 metres freestyle. As of 22 August 2008, Goh held the world record for the 50 metres and 200 metres breaststroke. She was ranked second in the world for the 100 metres breaststroke, third for the 200 metres individual medley, sixth for the 100 and 200 metres freestyle, seventh for the 50 metres butterfly and eighth for the 50 metres freestyle. Her current training schedule involves two-hour sessions at the Farrer Park Swimming Complex twice a day, except on Wednesday mornings and Sundays, which works out to about a week. She also works out in the gym three times a week.
Goh was the flagbearer for Team Singapore at the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and competed in the 50 metres, 100 metres and 200 metres freestyle, and in the 100 metres breaststroke. On the first day of competition, 7 September, she finished sixth in the 100 metres freestyle but achieved two personal bests in the heats (1 minute 33.20 seconds) and finals (1 minute 32.92 seconds). Two days later she narrowly missed a bronze in the 200 metres freestyle, finishing fourth with a new personal best time and national record of 3 minutes 14.22 seconds. Her split time of 1 minute 32.54 seconds was also a new national record for the 100 metres freestyle. According to her coach, former Olympian Ang Peng Siong, her best chance of a medal lay in the 100 metres breaststroke. Her personal best time for this event is 1 minute 58.14 seconds, which she achieved in May 2007 at the International German Championships in Berlin. However, on 12 September, despite leading in the first 50 m with a split time of 53.26 seconds, she eventually finished fourth in a time of 2 minutes 1.99 seconds. Nonetheless, she looked forward to the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, saying "In another four years, another round. In Athens, I was fifth and, now, I'm fourth. The next time, hopefully, I won't be third but higher up." Unusually, in her final event, the 50 metres freestyle, she chose to use the breaststroke rather than the faster front crawl, finishing in 53.67 seconds and thus failing to qualify for the final. She said she did so to gain "mental closure" after having missed the bronze in the 100 metres breaststroke.
As of January 2008, Goh was employed by Standard Chartered Bank as a marketing services officer while on their Programme for Elite Athletes. She hopes to continue swimming full-time and to become a swimming coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19197176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197176" title="Kim Kyung-Moon">
Kim Kyung-Moon

Kim Kyung-Moon (Hangul: 김경문, Hanja: 金卿文) (born November 1, 1958) is the manager of the NC Dinos, and a former catcher in the Korea Baseball Organization.
Playing career.
Kim, a former catcher who threw and batted right-handed, attended Korea University in Seoul, South Korea. After graduation, he was signed by the OB Bears, which later became Doosan, and directly took the starting catcher position on the team as a rookie in Korean professional baseball's first year in 1982. Kim eventually led his team to the first Korean Series Championship in the KBO history, along with his battery mate Park Chul-Soon who won 22 consecutive games in the regular season.
In his 10-year major league career in KBO, Kim batted .220 with 6 home runs, 126 runs batted in, 119 runs, 329 hits, 60 doubles, 1 triple, and 17 stolen bases in 700 games. 
Kim was not a very good hitter, batting around the Mendoza Line during his ten seasons, but is considered one of the best defensive catchers of all time.
Managing career.
After retirement as a player in 1991, Kim went to Atlanta, Georgia to study coaching under Bobby Cox in the Atlanta Braves until when he was hired as a coach for the Samsung Lions. He was bullpen coach for the 1994 Samsung Lions and remained there until the 1996 season. In 1998, Kim returned to the Bears and worked as bullpen and bench coach until the 2003 season.
On October 10, , Kim was named manager of the Bears, replacing Kim In-Sik, who had won two Korean Series titles with the Bears. He led the Bears to their two-year consecutive postseason appearance (2004 and 2005).
On October 30, , the Doosan Bears extended Kim's contract by three years, through . In the 2006 season, Kim failed to make the 3rd consecutive postseason appearance for the Bears, but in the 2007 season, he led his team to the Korean Series once again since 2005.
After the 2007 season Kim was named the manager of for the South Korea national baseball team, and in August he participated in the 2008 Olympic Games held in Beijing, China. There Kim led the South Koreans to the gold medal, beating heavily favored Cuba, which had won the gold medals at the three previous Olympics.
On June 13, , Kim was quit manager of the Bears.
On August 31, , Kim was named 1st manager of NC Dinos

</doc>
<doc id="19197183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197183" title="Vancouver &amp; District Inter-High School Football League Senior Championships">
Vancouver &amp; District Inter-High School Football League Senior Championships

The old varsity high school, Vancouver & District Inter-High School Football League Senior Championships (1934 to 1965) became the Shrine Bowl Provincial Championships (1966 to 1975).
Notes.
King Edward High School no longer exists and was demolished to make room for the expansion of Vancouver General Hospital. 
The school was located on 12th Ave. & Oak St.,in Vancouver, BC, from 1905 to 1972. Notable alumni - B.C. Lions, CEO, Bob Ackles and Yvonne DeCarlo, actress ("The Munsters"). 
King George Secondary School is the only West End, Vancouver high school still in existence.
External links.
"Vasity Champions of the Past" [http://www.bchighschoolfootball.com/bcfootball/docs/Varsity_Champions.doc]

</doc>
<doc id="19197196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197196" title="MV Westward">
MV Westward

MV "Westward" is an motor yacht, "arguably Seattle’s most famous motor yacht," originally constructed in 1924 by Ted Geary for inventor Campbell Church, Sr., and currently owned by Hugh Reilly. Its home port is Seattle, Washington and it is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The "Westward" was modeled after a salmon cannery tender and constructed—around a 1923 Atlas-Imperial diesel engine—at the Martinolich Shipyard on Maury Island near Seattle. It was designed to travel the Inside Passage along the British Columbia coast to Alaska. Its construction marked a turning point in Geary's career: previously he had built workboats; from this time he built yachts.
In its early years, expeditions on the "Westward" were hunting expeditions, with "a Norwegian whale gun shooting harpoons fitted with time fuse bombs, a 10-horse gasoline winch with thirty-six hundred feet meters of quarter-inch cm plow steel cable as a fishing line, and all of the accessories for 'scrapping it out' with fifty-ton 45 metric tonnes whales". These expeditions were led by Church's son Campbell Church, Jr., who founded The Alaska Coast Hunting and Cruising Company. The Churches ended up owning numerous notable motor yachts. Besides the "Westward" were the "Nooya", "Deerleap", "Caroline", "Alarwee", "Acania", "Onawa", "Malibu", "Cadrew", "Electra", "Olympus", and "Taconite". Campbell Jr. made extensive films of his journeys.
Among the many people who have traveled aboard the "Westward" are A. C. Gilbert, inventor of the Erector Set, George Eastman (of Eastman Kodak), banker Paul Mellon, George Pabst of Pabst Brewing Company, investor E.F. Hutton and his wife Marjorie Merriweather Post, Walt Disney, John Wayne, Phil Harris, Fibber McGee & Molly and Amos & Andy.
During World War II, the "Westward" was pressed into military service. Don Gumpertz bought the "Westward" in 1967 and circumnavigated the globe in it in the 1970s. Current owner Hugh Reilly, once the owner of a fleet of fishing trawlers in the Alaska seafood industry (coincidentally named Westward Trawlers), bought the "Westward" in 1993. From 1997 to 2004 he returned it to its roots as a vessel for Alaska tourism (minus the blood sports). He then put the boat through a major refitting before taking it on a two-year tour of the Pacific, from which he returned in early September 2008. After a brief visit to Puget Sound, he took it down the West Coast to Mexico and then in May 2009 crossed for the South Pacific.
The "Westward"is slated to make a trip along the Inside Passage in the spring of 2013.
The "Westward" is still powered by its original 1923 Atlas-Imperial diesel engine. which provides 110 horsepower and gives her a cruising speed of eight knots. http://classicyacht.org/westward/?page_id=26

</doc>
<doc id="19197244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197244" title="Alain Cavalier">
Alain Cavalier

Alain Cavalier (born September 14, 1931) is a French film director. He was born in Vendôme, Loir-et-Cher and studied film at the Institut des hautes études cinématographiques. He won several awards, including the César Award for Best Film and César Award for Best Director for his film "Thérèse" in 1987. His latest film "Pater" premiered In Competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
He was married to the French film actress and former Miss France winner Irène Tunc.

</doc>
<doc id="19197312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197312" title="Russ Castella">
Russ Castella

Russ Castella (born November 15, 1983) is an American record producer. He has found success in many genres of music, particularly dance, pop, and R&B. He has his own record label, Bliss Entertainment.
He has produced and remixed for a variety of artists including Lil Wayne, Irene Nelson, Ciara, Mariah Carey, The-Dream, Britney Spears, O'so Krispie, Rihanna, Keri Hilson, The Black Eyed Peas, Rockell, Danielle Bollinger, Mike Rizzo, Allie, Elissa (Canadian singer), and many more. His remixes can be recognized by the intro where he says the artist's name following ""you know I had to do this, right? It's the Russ Castella remix."" Russ has also scored a full length soundtrack for the movie titled Swamp Zombies in 2006 which starred porn star Jasmin St. Claire.
Current projects.
Russ Castella is currently heavily involved in managing a singing career of Irene Nelson. He has remixed her debut single "Sunrise" which is distributed by Universal Music Group. The remix features Lil Wayne.
Russ is also in the studio with the UPN reality TV star O'so Krispie for whom he is producing a full album titled, "The Pink Album"
A remix of Lil Wayne - Prom Queen has been leaked on March 13 which was produced by Russ Castella. It features a melodic ballad with just piano and strings titled as "Russ Castella Piano Version". A more radio friendly version of the remix has been sent out to US radio stations on March 13 which is titled "Russ Castella Remix." It consists of the same piano melody, heavy bass, and 808s drums.
Production and Remix Credits.
Drake
Irene Nelson
Lil Wayne
The Black Eyed Peas
Ciara featuring Justin Timberlake
Britney Spears (Zomba)
Keri Hilson (Universal)
O'so Krispie (Bliss Entertainment)
Rihanna (Def Jam Recordings)
LL Cool J featuring Jennifer Lopez (Def Jam Recordings)
Allie (Koch Records)
Danielle Bollinger
Rockell

</doc>
<doc id="19197323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197323" title="Square drive">
Square drive

A square drive may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19197329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197329" title="Fort Tompkins Quadrangle">
Fort Tompkins Quadrangle

Fort Tompkins Quadrangle, also known as Fort Tompkins, is a fort on Staten Island, in the U.S. state of New York, perhaps within what is now Fort Wadsworth, or otherwise associated with Building 137 of Fort Wadsworth. It was constructed in 1860. The site was first fortified with a 1663 blockhouse and then during the Revolutionary War as the American redoubt Flagstaff Fort (1776), taken by the British it was enlarged and used to 1783. NYS started a masonry fort in 1807 - 1812. In the early 1840s Cpt. Robert E. Lee from Fort Hamilton proposed rebuilding the Staten Island works, which was done in 1860. Controlled Forts Morton, Hudson, and Richmond (Water Battery, later Battery Weed). It is the last of four forts in the U.S. named Fort Tompkins.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19197375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197375" title="MND Tabor Sežana">
MND Tabor Sežana

Mladinsko Nogometno Društvo Tabor Sežana, commonly referred to as MND Tabor Sežana or simply Tabor Sežana, is a Slovenian football club from Sežana, which plays in the Slovenian Third League. The club was established in 1923.
Honours.
League
Cup

</doc>
<doc id="19197404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197404" title="Eccoptochiloides">
Eccoptochiloides

Eccoptochiloides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Prantl and Pribyl in 1947, and the type species is "Eccoptochiloides tumescens", which was originally described under the genus "Cheirurus" by Barrande in 1852. The type locality was the Vinice Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19197420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197420" title="Echinophacops">
Echinophacops

Echinophacops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now China. It was described by Zhou in 1983, and the type species is "Echinophacops mirabilis". The type locality was the Zhusileng Formation in Inner Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="19197423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197423" title="U.S. history of alcohol minimum purchase age by state">
U.S. history of alcohol minimum purchase age by state

The alcohol laws of the United States regarding minimum age for purchase have changed over time. The history is given in the table below. Unless otherwise noted, if different alcohol categories have different minimum purchase ages, the age listed below is set at the lowest age given for (e.g. if the purchase age is 18 for beer and 21 for wine or spirits, as was the case in several states, the age in the table will read as "18", not "21"). In addition, the "purchase age" is not necessarily the same as the minimum age for "consumption" of alcoholic beverages, although they have often been the same.
As one can see in the table below, there has been much volatility in the states' drinking ages since the 
repeal of Prohibition in 1933. Shortly after the ratification of the 21st amendment in December, most states set their purchase ages at 21 since that was the age of majority at the time, but a few set their limits lower. Most of these limits remained constant until the early 1970s. From 1969 to 1976, some 30 states lowered their purchase ages, generally to 18. This was primarily because the voting age was lowered from 21 to 18 in 1971 with the 26th amendment, and nearly all states lowered their ages of majority as well. Twelve states kept their purchase ages at 21 since repeal of Prohibition and never changed them. Most of the age lowering occurred in 1972 or 1973.
From 1976 to 1983, several states voluntarily raised their purchase ages to 19 (or, less commonly, 20 or 21), in part to combat drunk driving fatalities. In 1984, Congress passed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act, which required states to raise their ages for purchase and public possession to 21 by October 1986 or lose 10% of their federal highway funds. By mid-1988, all 50 states and the District of Columbia had raised their purchase ages to 21 (but not Puerto Rico, Guam, or the Virgin Islands, see Additional Notes below). South Dakota and Wyoming were the final two states to comply with the age 21 mandate. The current drinking age of 21 remains a point of contention among many Americans, not least because of it being higher than the age of majority (18 in most states) and higher than the drinking ages of most other countries. The National Minimum Drinking Age Act is also seen as a congressional sidestep of the tenth amendment. Although debates have not been highly publicized, a few states have proposed legislation to lower their drinking age, while Guam has raised its drinking age to 21 in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19197431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197431" title="Giovanni Antonaglia">
Giovanni Antonaglia

Giovanni Antonaglia OAM (born 19 November 1938) is an Italian-born Australian businessman, supporter of community organisations and winner of the Medal of the Order of Australia.
Antonaglia was born in Castel San Lorenzo and currently lives in the Brisbane suburb of Lutwyche with his wife, Maria Antonaglia. He has been the Proprietor of Giovanni Imports Pty Ltd, Crown Family Jewellers and Maria’s Fine Gifts and Jewellery for over 30 years. He is a Member of the Jewellers Association of Australia. He is a supporter through his business of a range of Italian community organisations including the Italian Committee for Social Welfare (CO.AS.IT), Casa Italia and the Italian Catholic Federation. He has been a sponsor of Operation Smile, Australia, since 2001.
Biography.
Early life.
Antonaglia was born in Castel San Lorenzo to Italian parents on 19 November 1938.
Medal of the Order of Australia.
Antonaglia was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia on 9 June 2008 for service to the Italian community of Brisbane, particularly as a supporter of a range of charitable, social welfare, cultural and religious organisations.
History.
Giovanni Antonaglia owned a bottle top factory at the age of 18 and has worked for himself since. The Lutwyche resident said his brother coaxed him to move from Italy to Australia in 1967. Mr Antonaglia set up Giovanni Imports 30 years ago, opening a string of shops along the way and donating to more than 75 charities, schools and organisations, one of the main one of these are Operations Smile 

</doc>
<doc id="19197435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197435" title="Echinopyge">
Echinopyge

Echinopyge is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Turkey. It was described by Haas in 1968, and the type species is "Echinopyge cathamma". The type locality was the Kurtdogmus Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19197442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197442" title="ND Dravinja">
ND Dravinja

Nogometno Društvo Dravinja, commonly referred to as ND Dravinja or simply Dravinja, is a Slovenian football club from Slovenske Konjice, which plays in the Slovenian Third League. They are currently named Dravinja Kostroj due to sponsorship reasons. The club was founded in 1934.
Trivia.
Dravinja is statistically the most successful Slovenian club, which has never played in the Slovenian PrvaLiga. They have played 15 seasons in the Slovenian Second League, lost the promotion play-offs in 1991 and 2006 and declined promotion in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19197458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197458" title="Elasmaspis">
Elasmaspis

Elasmaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Russia. It was described by Kramarenko in 1957, and the type species is "Elasmaspis speciosa". The type locality was the Dzheron Formation in Siberia.

</doc>
<doc id="19197488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197488" title="Brannam Pottery">
Brannam Pottery

Brannam Pottery was a British studio pottery firm started by Thomas Backway Brannam in Barnstaple, Devon, England, in 1848.
History.
Thomas Brannam took over the lease of an existing pottery at North Walk, and another in Litchdon Street, Barnstaple. Like other pottery firms of the time, the firm originally made utilitarian wares such as basic household items, floor tiles, bricks and sewage pipes. This was their "bread and butter" trade, although one of their decorative jugs secured a medal at the Great Exhibition in 1851. 
In 1867 Thomas' son, Charles Hubert Brannam, left school at age 12 to start work at the pottery. Charles won a prize for art at school and also won the Queen's Prize for Drawing in 1870. Initially educated in the theory and practice of ceramics, he was encouraged by a local dignitary, William Frederick Rock, who invited him to London where he studied pottery in the various museums. In 1879 he persuaded his father to allow him to produce art ware. His father agreed on the proviso that Charles paid for the materials he used. Charles eventually took over the Litchdon Street pottery and further developed the art pottery department, utilising the "sgraffito" technique of scratching into a covering of "slip" to show the clay beneath. He recruited skilled designers, but also continued to throw the ware himself. In 1885 he received an order from Queen Victoria which resulted in excellent publicity for the business. In 1886 Charles registered the name Royal Barum Ware and ensured it was sold by several London firms including Liberty. 
Charles handed the business over to his sons, Charles William Brannam, and John Woolacott (Jack) Brannam, in 1913. In 1914 C.H. Brannam and Sons became a limited liability company. Jack's son, Peter, carried out considerable modernization in the post-war period, but when he retired in 1979 he sold the business to Candy Tiles of Newton Abbot. They found the old Litchdon Street premises too cramped for their operation, and in 1989 moved the company to a site on the Roundswell Industrial Estate. Despite the fact that no member of the family was still connected with it, it was still called "C.H.Brannam & Sons Ltd". It ceased operations in 2005.
The original premises in Litchdon Street partly survive now with their terracotta detailing and stained glass with a preserved kiln still visible in the car park of a medical practice.
The company has used many marks over the years including C H Brannam, Barum, and Barnstaple.
Museum.
The company's collection of ceramic works was purchased by the Museum of Barnstaple and North Devon with the help of the Art Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="19197496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197496" title="Emsurina">
Emsurina

Emsurina is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Cambrian in what is now Russia. It was described by Sivov in 1955, and the type species is "Emsurina sibirica". The type locality was the Tolstochikhin Formation in Salair.

</doc>
<doc id="19197513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197513" title="Geneviève Grad">
Geneviève Grad

Geneviève Grad (born 5 July 1944, Paris) is a French actress. She played Nicole Cruchot, the daughter of Marshal Ludovic Cruchot (Louis de Funès) in the first three films of the Gendarme of Saint-Tropez series from 1964 to 1968. She has, among others, played in two films with Paul Guers as his partner: Flash Love (1972) and Libertés sexuelles (1977). She has also appeared in several made for TV films and TV series in the 1960s and 1970s. She had a son with Igor Bogdanoff. She lives in Vendôme in the Loir-et-Cher.

</doc>
<doc id="19197528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197528" title="American Society of Church History">
American Society of Church History

The American Society of Church History (ASCH) was founded in 1888 with the disciplines of Christian denominational and ecclesiastical history as its focus. Today the society's interests include the broad range of the critical scholarly perspectives, as applied to the history of Christianity and its relationship to surrounding cultures in all periods, locations and contexts. The society was founded by the classic church historian Philip Schaff. 
The ASCH is run from the Department of History at Baylor University located in Waco, Texas. Its records are housed at the Presbyterian Historical Society in Philadelphia. 
"Church History".
ASCH publishes the quarterly journal "Church History: Studies in Christianity and Culture", which started in 1932. The journal is edited by Amanda Porterfield and John Corrigan in the Religion Department at Florida State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19197535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197535" title="Encrinuraspis">
Encrinuraspis

Encrinuraspis is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida.

</doc>
<doc id="19197536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197536" title="NK Rudar Trbovlje">
NK Rudar Trbovlje

Nogometni Klub Rudar Trbovlje (), commonly referred to as NK Rudar Trbovlje or simply Rudar, is a Slovenian football club from Trbovlje, who currently plays in the Slovenian Third League, the third level of the Slovenian football system.
Club history.
History of football in Trbovlje dates back to 1922, which applies to the anniversary of the birth of football in Trbovlje, when it was founded as ŠK Zora. In the same year, the ŠK Zora aroused a lot of interest in this sport among youth working class. Throughout this period, the following clubs were established in Trbovlje : SK Trbovlje, DSK Svoboda, SK Amater, SK Dobrna, DASK, SK Retje, NK Rudar, NK Retje, NK Svoboda, NK Dobrna, NK Sloga and NK Cement 1876. All clubs (except Rudar) are now dissolved.
On the 50th anniversary of the club, they won the Slovenian championship for the first time. A successful period lasted until 1980, as NK Rudar won the republic league two more times between 1974 and 1979. The team was led by prestigious Slovenian expert Zdenko Verdenik.
With the collapse of Yugoslavia and the independence of Slovenia, all Slovenian teams returned from the federal leagues. Some of the key players left the club and Rudar was eliminated from the newly established Slovenian league. They never returned to the first division.
Rivalry.
The club have a long-standing local rivalry with NK Zagorje. Rudar Trbovlje supporters are called the "Kamnita" and "Torcida Trbovlje".
Notable players.
Club most known former players are Klemen Lavrič and Mišo Brečko. Both were capped in the national team. The best known ex-manager of the club is Edin Osmanović, who began his career in Rudar, and went on to become a high-profile manager in the Slovenian First Football League
Klemen Lavrič - Born in Trbovlje, he started his career at Rudar Trbovlje youth sides. He has had previous spells at NK Rudar Velenje, Hajduk Split, Inter Zaprešić, Dynamo Dresden, Duisburg, Omiya Ardija and Sturm Graz. For the Slovenia national football team he played 25 games and scores 6 goals. He ended his international career.
Mišo Brečko - Born in Trbovlje, he started his career at NK Rudar Trbovlje youth sides. He currently plays as a right back for Fußball Club Köln. He has had previous spells at Factor Ljubljana, Šmartno, Hansa Rostock, Erzgebirge Aue, Hamburger SV II, Hamburger SV. For the Slovenia national football team he played 51 games. He is still playing for Slovenia national football team.
Edin Osmanović - He started his career at NK Rudar Trbovlje, coaching the club for two years, from 1995 to 1997. His success in the club lead to his successful career in the Slovenian First Football League, with many clubs such as Celje, Gorica and Rudar Velenje.
Honours.
League
Cup

</doc>
<doc id="19197563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197563" title="Encrinurella">
Encrinurella

Encrinurella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now Burma. It was described by Reed in 1915, and the type species is "Encrinurella insangensis", which was originally described under the genus "Pliomera" by Reed in 1906. The type locality was the Naungkangyi Beds.

</doc>
<doc id="19197577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197577" title="Save Your Heart for Me">
Save Your Heart for Me

"Save Your Heart for Me" is a song written by Gary Geld and Peter Udell. The song was originally written for and recorded by singer Brian Hyland in 1963. Although not released as a single in its own right, it was included as the B-side to Hyland's song, "I'm Afraid to Go Home," and later appeared on Hyland's 1994 greatest hits album.
"Save Your Heart for Me" is most well known by a version recorded in 1965 by American pop group Gary Lewis & the Playboys and appears on the group's 1965 album "A Session with Gary Lewis and the Playboys". Lewis and his band released their version as a single in June 1965, and it peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart the week of August 21, 1965. It was kept from the top of the chart by Sonny and Cher's hit, "I Got You Babe." However, it went to number one on the "Billboard" easy listening chart for three weeks in August 1965.
Lewis credited the success of the record to both producer Snuff Garrett and to the short length of the song. Since it was less than two minutes duration, Lewis has stated that "(I)t was played everywhere. Deejays loved it."

</doc>
<doc id="19197585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197585" title="Encrinuroides">
Encrinuroides

Encrinuroides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Wales. It was described by Reed in 1931, and the type species is "Encrinuroides sexcostata", which was originally described under the genus "Cybele" by Salter in 1848. It also contains the species, "Encrinuroides enshiensis", "Encrinuroides insularis", and "Encrinuroides rarus". The type locality was in the Sholeshook Limestone Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19197591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197591" title="TAFC">
TAFC

TAFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19197599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197599" title="Goba, Mozambique">
Goba, Mozambique

Goba is a small town in Mozambique. It is located in the south.
Transport.
Goba is served by a railway station on the southern network of Mozambique Railways and is connected by rail across the nearby Swazi border.

</doc>
<doc id="19197610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197610" title="NK Železničar Maribor">
NK Železničar Maribor

Nogometni Klub Železničar Maribor (), commonly referred to as NK Železničar Maribor or simply Železničar, is a Slovenian football club from Maribor, which plays in the 1.MNZ Maribor League, the fifth level of the Slovenian football system. They qualified for the elite Slovenian PrvaLiga in the 1992–93 season, but were relegated in their first season, never returning to the top level. They were one of the most successful Slovenian clubs in the Yugoslav era, winning the Slovenian Republic League four times and the Slovenian Republic Cup twice.
History.
The club was established in 1927 as a football section of SK Železničar, railway workers sports club. They played their first match on 7 August the same year and won 5–1 against SK Merkur. They joined Slovenian republic competitions, playing in the Maribor region, where they soon developed a fierce rivalry with I. SSK Maribor.
Železničar finished at the second place in 1934, 1935 and 1936. They finally won their first title in 1937 and played in qualifying for the Yugoslav First League, where they lost against SAŠK Sarajevo in the final. They won another republic title in 1940, this time in knock-out system, beating their rivals I SSK Maribor 2–1 in the final.
The club was refounded as SFD Železničar after the war in 1945 and had one of the best teams in SR Slovenia at the time. They have beaten Red Star Belgrade 3–2 in a friendly match in 1946 and finished second after Nafta Lendava in the first season of the Slovenian republic league, missing promotion to the Yugoslav League by only two points.
Železničar then stabilised as a midtable team in the next years, until the league system was changed in 1952. They were located in the East group of the Republic League. They finished at the second place in 1953 and at the first place in 1954. They have defeated West group winners Piran (6–0 and 1–2) for the unofficial title and have qualified to the third level of the Slovene-Croatian league. The team was renamed to ŽNK Maribor and finished 10th, missing out Branik Maribor and ninth spot by one point and relegated to Maribor-Varaždin-Celje zonal league. They won their first Slovenian Cup in 1957. After three mediocre seasons the team returned to the unified Slovenian Republic League, which was reformed in 1958. They won another Slovenian Cup in 1960.
In December 1960, due to a food poisoning affair of their rivals Branik Maribor, ŽNK Maribor, holding the first position on the league table, had to give up their place to a newly formed Maribor and started all over again from lowest league. NK Maribor won the title with the squad formed mostly of players from the ŽNK. They instantly returned to republic level in 1962, renamed back to NK Železničar Maribor the same year.
The results soon improved and the club won their third republic title in 1968–69 and qualified for Yugoslav Second League for the first time in history. They stayed there three seasons, scoring 7th, 11th and last 18th place.
They won another republic title in 1973, but failed in the Yugoslav Second League (West) play-ofs against Mercator Ljubljana. Železničar then played several republic seasons without any notable success. In 1981, despite scoring only forth position, Yugoslav federation offered them a place in the Yugoslav Second League, but the club declined promotion due to lack of funds. They were struggling against relegation in the next years, until they were finally relegated to the regional league for the first time in 1987. They stayed there until the breakup of SFR Yugoslavia. Železničar holds a record of 42 played seasons in the Slovenian Republic League.
Železničar was among founding members of Slovenian Second League in 1991. They have immediately scored great success with a first place and a promotion to the first level in 1991–92, managed by ex-player Jože Karmel. They played in 1992–93 Slovenian PrvaLiga, but finished on 17th place and never returned to top flight again. The team was close to return on several occasions, they refused promotion in 1996, lost the play-offs against Potrošnik Beltinci in the 1997–98 season and missed a second place by one point in the 1998–99 season. The club had various financial difficulties in the last decade, they were relegated from the second league, finishing dead last in 2003, from the third league, having not fulfilled the licence documentation in 2007, and even from the fourth league in 2008.
Stadium.
They have built a Stadion ob Tržaški cesti, sports object referred to as one of the nicest in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia at the time, between 1932 and 1935. After some mediocre seasons on temporary ground in Poljane (Železničar lost their traditional home ground due to a new bridge construction in 1963), they moved to the newly built Tabor Sports Park in 1967. The stadium can seat 1,000 spectators, while the overall capacity of the stadium, including the standing area, is around 4,000.
Colours.
The traditional colours of the club are blue and white.
Supporters.
Despite being the oldest club in Maribor, Železničar never had an organised supporters group. In 2010, an ultras group called the "Railroaders Maribor" was established, but they quit after their first season.

</doc>
<doc id="19197611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197611" title="Heinrich Kaspar Schmid">
Heinrich Kaspar Schmid

Heinrich Kaspar Schmid (11 September 1874 – 8 January 1953) was a German composer. 
Biography.
Schmid was born at Landau.
As a boy he studied music with his father who was a school teacher and choral conductor. He also sang in the boys choir at Regensburg Cathedral for several years. He entered the Munich Akademie der Tonkunst where he studied composition with Ludwig Thuille. In 1905 he was appointed to teach at the Munich Academy and in 1919 was promoted to a full professor. After World War I, Schmid entered a highly successful part of his career both as a performer and composer. He toured throughout Austria, Scandinavia, and Russia. In 1921 he became director of the Karlsruhe Conservatory and assumed the directorship of the Augsburg Music School Conservatory in 1924. He retired from academic work in 1932. 
He died at Geiselbullach, near Munich, in 1953.
Work.
Stylistically, Schmid's compositions were more in keeping with the late-Romantics than with 20th-century innovations. Brahms in particular had a major influence on Schmid's compositional sensibility. This is particularly evident in the sonatas for violin and piano (1920, 1939). His best work is probably his "Symphony in D Minor" (1947) which was admired for its fresh and accomplished treatment of traditional musical materials. Elements of Bavarian folk music appear in the rural mass settings, choral compositions, "lieder," chamber works, and his opera "Finden und Meiden".

</doc>
<doc id="19197634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197634" title="Pantai Merdeka">
Pantai Merdeka

Pantai Merdeka is the only sand beach in the mainland Kedah, it is the major attraction for beach goers from all over northern Penang and Kedah State. Various accommodation is available for rent to experience the beach and other attractions in the area which includes harvesting Kepah, Siput Kemudi and Kerang (variety of sea food in local language) in Kampung Tepi Sungai, Kota Kuala Muda, Pantai Merdeka itself and also at Pulau Sayak.

</doc>
<doc id="19197640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197640" title="NK Kočevje">
NK Kočevje

Nogometni Klub Kočevje (), commonly referred to as NK Kočevje or simply Kočevje, is a Slovenian football club from Kočevje, which plays in the Ljubljana Regional League, the fourth level of the Slovenian football system. The club was founded in 1920.
The team won the Slovenian Second League in the 1993–94 season and competed at the top level (Slovenian PrvaLiga) in the 1994–95 season, before going bankrupt at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19197671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197671" title="William Holwell">
William Holwell

William Holwell (1726 – 13 February 1798) was an English cleric and writer.
(1726–1798), divine, eldest son of William Holwell, esq., of Exeter, and Ann Blackall, daughter of Ofspring Blackall, was born in 1726, matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford, in December 1741, and graduated B.A. in 1745, M.A. in 1748, and B.D. in 1760. He was tutor to Lord Beauchamp (afterwards second Marquis of Hertford), and was elected proctor for 1758. He was presented to the vicarage of Thornbury in Gloucestershire by Christ Church in January 1762, was appointed prebendary of Exeter in 1776, and was at one time chaplain to George III. He died 13 Feb 1798.

</doc>
<doc id="19197691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197691" title="Ryū (manga)">
Ryū (manga)

Plot.
The series near-future post-apocalyptic adventure manga.

</doc>
<doc id="19197718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197718" title="Sungai Lalang">
Sungai Lalang

Sungai Lalang is a small town in Kedah, Malaysia. It is located 5 kilometer north from Sungai Petani. 

</doc>
<doc id="19197721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197721" title="Coast Range Arc">
Coast Range Arc

The Coast Range Arc was a large volcanic arc system, extending from northern Washington through British Columbia and the Alaska Panhandle to southwestern Yukon. The Coast Range Arc lies along the western margin of the North American Plate in the Pacific Northwest of western North America. Although taking its name from the Coast Mountains, this term is a geologic grouping rather than a geographic one, and the Coast Range Arc extended south into the High Cascades of the Cascade Range, past the Fraser River which is the northward limit of the Cascade Range proper.
The Coast Range Arc formed as a result of subduction of the Kula and pre-existing Farallon Plates. It is most famous for being the largest granitic outcropping in North America, which then it is usually referred to as the Coast Plutonic Complex or the Coast Mountains Batholith. It is a coast-parallel continental volcanic arc similar to the Andes of South America and the largest continential volcanic arc fossil in the world.
Geology.
Evolution.
Volcanism in the arc began during the Late Cretaceous period 100 million years ago based on andesitic composition of the Early Cretaceous volcanic sections and their close temporal and spatial association with masses of felsic intrusive igneous rock with phaneritic texture called tonalite. The basement of the Coast Range Arc was likely Early Cretaceous and Late Jurassic intrusions. Stratigraphic and field relations in the arc suggest that the Coast Range Arc was created on Stikinia, a geologic feature that formed in an older volcanic arc environment during the Paleozoic and Mesozoic periods.
One of the major events during the Coast Range Arc was about 85 million years ago when a huge rift developed near the center of the oceanic Farallon Plate. This rifting event created the oceanic Kula Plate. It is unknown why such a large rupture of the Farallon Plate occurred. Some geologists believe some fundamental change in convection within the Earth's mantle caused the rifting event, while others believe the huge oceanic plate became mechanically unstable as it continued to subduct beneath the Pacific Northwest. The Kula Plate once again continued to subduct beneath the continental margin, supporting the Coast Range Arc.
Volcanism began to decline along the length of the arc about 60 million years ago during the Albian and Aptian faunal stages of the Cretaceous period as the rapid northern movement of the Kula Plate became parallel with the Pacific Northwest, creating a transform fault plate boundary similar to the Queen Charlotte Fault. During this passive plate boundary, the Kula Plate began subducting underneath Alaska and southwestern Yukon at the northern end of the arc during the early Eocene period.
The Coast Range Arc was home to some of the world's most dangerous and explosive volcanoes. Cataclysmic eruptions at the British Columbia–Yukon border created a huge nested caldera called the Bennett Lake Volcanic Complex about 50 million years ago during the early Eocene period. These eruptions were from vents along arcuate fracture systems associated with the caldera, which discharged about of pyroclastic material. This volcanic event occurred shortly before nearly all the Kula Plate had been subducted beneath the North American Plate about 40 million years ago.
Since the end of the Coast Range Arc about 50 million years ago, many volcanoes have disappeared from erosion. What remains of the Coast Range Arc to this day are granitic intrusions, which were formed when magma intruded and cooled at depth beneath the volcanoes. However, remnants of some volcanoes exist in southwestern Yukon, including Montana Mountain, Mount Nansen, and the Bennett Lake, Mount Skukum and Sifton Range volcanic complexes.
Many granitic rocks of the Coast Range Arc are plentiful in the North Cascades of the Cascade Range, which is the southernmost boundary of the arc. Here, these granites intruded highly deformed ocean rocks and assorted fragments from pre-existing island arcs, largely remnants of the ancient Bridge River Ocean which lay between North America and the pre-existing Insular Islands. Massive amounts of molten granite injected over this period, burning the old oceanic sediments into a glittering medium-grade metamorphic rock called schist.
The older intrusions of the Coast Range Arc were then deformed under the heat and pressure of later intrusions, turning them into a layered metamorphic rock known as gneiss. In some places, mixtures of older intrusive rocks and the original oceanic rocks have been distorted and warped under intense heat, weight and stress to create unusual swirled patterns known as migmatite, appearing to have been nearly melted in the procedure. The remarkable migmatite of the Chelan and Skagit areas in Washington are well known in geologic circles. During construction of intrusions 70 and 57 million years ago, the northern motion of the Kula Plate might have been between per year. However, other geologic studies determined the Kula Plate moved at a rate as fast as per year.
Geological importance.
Intrusions of the Coast Range Arc are intruded by widespread basaltic dikes. These dikes, although not voluminous, provide an important sampling of the post-arc lithosphere. Additionally, widespread volcanic belts, such as the Anahim Volcanic Belt, lie in the middle of the Coast Range Arc. Volcanics that form the Anahim Volcanic Belt are not strictly related to Coast Range Arc subduction, but might have formed as a result of the North American Plate sliding over a place that has experienced active volcanism for a long period of time which is described as the Anahim hotspot. During its formation, it lay beneath granitic intrusions of the Coast Range Arc. The approximately long Bella Bella and approximately long Gale Passage dike swarms lie in granitic intrusions of the Coast Range Arc and are used to calculate the first appearance of the Anahim hotspot about 13 and 12 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="19197827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197827" title="Sayama Tea">
Sayama Tea

Characteristics.
Through selective breeding, efforts to develop tea trees strong in cold weather have been undertaken for many years. As a result, trees of Sayama Tea evolved to have thick leaves that can withstand cold weather. Tea extracted from such thick leaves resulted in a distinct sweet and rich flavor.
Sayama tea has been found to have some of the highest levels of the beneficial antioxidants found in green tea.
Region.
The Musashino Plateau on which Sayama Tea is grown is suitable for tea growing. The plateau consists of two layers. The lower layer consists of conglomerates and sandstones that were brought to this region by rivers. The upper layer is made of a reddish loam created by the accumulation of volcanic ash. Together, these two layers make the region unsuitable for growing rice but suitable for tea growing, which requires high precipitation and high soil permeability.
History.
It is known that the Japanese people started growing tea trees roughly 800 years ago when Buddhist monks who traveled to China brought back seeds. A historical document from the Nanboku-chō period, , mentions as one of the best regions for tea along with , , , , and . However, the production of tea was interrupted by war during the Sengoku period.
Widespread tea growing restarted in the Mid-Edo period. In 1802, a technique called , first steaming and then roasting on the surface of washi was invented by , , and , based on the Uji roasting technique, which was deemed the best method in Japan at that time. This led to the revival of tea production in the region. In 1819 (Bunsei 2), tea leaves produced in this method started to be shipped to Edo in large amounts, receiving good reputations.
After the Meiji Restoration, tea became one of the important exporting goods. Sayama Tea was exported to North America. In 1875 (Meiji 8), a privately owned company “Sayama Corporation” started direct exports of tea to the US. Around this time, the name of Sayama Tea began to be fixed. Although the war cause the production of tea to dwindle, the production soon recovered and by the 1960s and 1970s reached its peak. At present, however, the production and the area of tea fell to nearly half of those in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19197837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197837" title="List of surviving Vought F4U Corsairs">
List of surviving Vought F4U Corsairs

List of surviving Vought F4U Corsairs identifies Corsairs with status of air worthy, on display, and in restoration by country; including model number, bureau number, fuselage markings, and location.

</doc>
<doc id="19197841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197841" title="Giuseppe Scarlatti">
Giuseppe Scarlatti

Giuseppe Scarlatti (1718 or 18 June 1723, Naples – 17 August 1777, Vienna) was a composer of "opere serie" and "opere buffe". He worked in Rome from 1739 to 1741, and from 1752 to 1754 in Florence, Pisa, Lucca and Turin. From 1752 to 1754, and again from 1756 to 1759, he worked in Venice and for short periods in Milan and Barcelona. In 1760 he moved to Vienna where he enjoyed the friendship of Christoph Willibald Gluck. "The third most important musician of his clan", it is still uncertain whether he was the nephew of Alessandro born 18 June 1723 or the nephew of Domenico born in 1718. Giuseppe Scarlatti was married to the Viennese singer Barbara Stabili who died about 1753. By 1767 he had married Antonia Lefebvre, who that year bore him a son; she died three years later. Scarlatti died intestate in 1777 in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19197890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197890" title="Universalove">
Universalove

Universalove is a 2008 Austrian romantic tragedy film directed by Thomas Woschitz. It debuted in Canada at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival on September 5, 2008, and, after a re-edit which involved substituting the New York episode, was awarded the Max-Ophüls Preis at the 30th Filmfestival Max Ophüls Preis, that took place January 16 to February 1, 2009.
In the US, "Universalove" screened at the Miami International Film Festival on March 14, 2009, and at the San Joaquin International Film Festival on May 17, 2009 as its Centerpiece Film.
Plot summary.
The film follows the individuals of six unrelated love stories from around the world, some ending in happiness and some ending in tragedy.
In Marseille, a young man (Rashid) flees from a gangster. His girlfriend follows him on a motorcycle. When she arrives at the scene of confrontation, she finds that the gangster is pointing a gun at Rashid, but that they are frozen in time.
In Luxembourg, a married middle-aged man carries on a relationship with a young man.
In Tokyo, a computer technician fixes a computer for a customer. He finds images of a woman on the computer's hard drive and falls in love with her. He tracks her down to the restaurant where she works, and goes there intending to give her a letter telling her of his love for her. Before he enters the restaurant, however, he is randomly stabbed by a passing thug. Unaware that he has been stabbed, he enters the restaurant, sits down and orders a meal from the woman. Before he can give her the letter, he realises that he has been seriously injured and collapses on the floor.
In Belgrade, a woman works in a shop selling wedding dresses. Her unreliable husband plays in a local band. Their relationship falters, but they are eventually reconciled.
In Brooklyn, a young taxi driver is convinced that his girlfriend is seeing another man. While driving the streets, he thinks he sees her on the way to a meeting with her lover. He follows her into an apartment building, but he is mistaken – it is another woman. He returns to his girlfriend, and they are reunited.
In Rio de Janeiro, a woman is watching a TV soap opera when her TV breaks down. She takes it to a TV repair shop. On her way home from the shop, she is hit by a car driven by the good-looking male star of the soap opera, who is on his way to the film set. She is not seriously injured and refuses his offer to take her to the hospital. Instead he takes her to the film set, where she watches the filming and is given a walk-on part in the show where she lovingly embraces him.
Music.
The music for the film was composed by the Austrian group Naked Lunch. The group has frequently performed the soundtrack live as an accompaniment to screenings of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19197908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197908" title="Terino da Castelfiorentino">
Terino da Castelfiorentino

Terino da Castelfiorentino (born 1230s/1240s) was a Florentine poet from Castelfiorentino in the Valdelsa. The only biographical document concerning Terino was in the past dated to either 1268 or 1270, but a date of April 1281 has since been settled on. This notice was first publicised by Santorre Debenedetti. It shows that Terino was a cloth seller in Florence at the time. He is recorded as "Terino f. Nevaldi di castè fiorentini". His father Nevaldo matriculated in the Arte della Seta in 1225. His son Truccio entered the Arte dei Giudici e Notaj in 1302. A document of 1 June 1362 refers to a Terio and a Giovanni of Castelfiorentino, probably younger sons of Terino. 
He had a "tenzone" with Monte Andrea di Firenze and another with Onesto da Bologna. He penned a response, "Naturalmente chere ogni amadore", to the first sonnet in the "Vita nuova" of Dante Alighieri, but this has sometimes been assigned instead to Cino da Pistoia.

</doc>
<doc id="19197911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197911" title="Ambrosetti Forum">
Ambrosetti Forum

The Ambrosetti Forum is an annual international economic conference held at Villa d'Este, in the Italian town of Cernobbio on the shores of Lake Como. Since its inception in 1975, the Forum has brought together heads of state, ministers, Nobel laureates and businessmen to discuss current challenges to the world's economies and societies.
Main topics.
The Forum presents forecasts of the economic and geo-political outlooks for the world, Europe and Italy. The forum also analyzes the main scientific and technological developments and their impacts on the future of business and society. This is accomplished through meetings, debates and presentations of special, ad hoc studies.
Participants and Speakers.
Forum participants, typically business leaders from major Italian and international corporations, are privately invited.
Among those who have taken part in recent years: H.S.H. H.S.H. Albert II Prince of Monaco, José María Aznar, Silvio Berlusconi, Joe Biden, Ian Bremmer, Richard Cheney, Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, Luca Cordero di Montezemolo, Renato Dulbecco, José Manuel Durão Barroso, Larry Ellison, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, François Fillon, Bill Gates, Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, Felipe González, Neville Isdell, Alain Juppé, Henry Kissinger, Vaclav Klaus, Christine Lagarde, Rita Levi Montalcini, Abu Mazen, John McCain, Mario Monti, Giorgio Napolitano, Shimon Peres, Romano Prodi, Jean-Pierre Raffarin, H.M. Rania Al-Adullah Queen of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, Card. Joseph Ratzinger, Michel Rocard, Nouriel Roubini, Eric Schmidt, Helmut Schmidt, George Shultz, Giulio Tremonti, Jean-Claude Trichet, Umberto Veronesi, James Wolfensohn, Jimmy Wales, Gianroberto Casaleggio.
Media policy.
The event takes place behind closed doors, under the Chatham House Rule.
Media coverage of the event is very relevant, given the presence of over 400 Italian and international journalists.
In addition, BBC World, CNBC, CNN, Financial Times and RAI produce talk shows and in-depth live interviews with the speakers of the Forum for broadcast around the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="19197912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197912" title="Bahawalpur Tehsil">
Bahawalpur Tehsil

Bahawalpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalpur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bahawalpur is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 36 Union Councils. The tehsil is traversed by the Hakra depression, south of which lies the desert. The north lies in the Sutlej riverain, and between this and the Hakra
are the central uplands.
History.
Prior to the independence of Pakistan, Bahawalpur was the headquarters tehsil of the state and nizamat of Bahawalpur. The population, according to the 1901 of census, was 91,954, compared with 90,031 in 1891. The chief city Bahawalpur, also the capital of the State, had a population of 18,546. The tehsil contained 107 villages. The total land revenue and cesses between 1905 and 1906 was one hundred thousand.
Saraiki is the most spoken language in Bahawalpur. Punjabi is also spoken by a large number of people.

</doc>
<doc id="19197944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197944" title="Ocean Beach, Otago">
Ocean Beach, Otago

Ocean Beach is a long sandy beach which runs along the Pacific Ocean coast of south Dunedin, New Zealand. It stretches for some three kilometres from Saint Clair in the southwest along the coast of Saint Kilda to the foot of Lawyer's Head in the east. The beach is a popular recreation area for Dunedinites for swimming, surfing, and walking.
Geography.
The beach is divided into three roughly equal lengths, known as Saint Clair Beach, Middle Beach, and Saint Kilda Beach. Access is easiest at the Saint Clair end, with steps and ramps down to the beach from Saint Clair Esplanade. The esplanade is the site of several cafes and restaurants. At its end, also the western end of the beach, is the Saint Clair salt-water swimming pool, the city’s oldest pool, opened in 1884. The pool has been upgraded on several occasions, most recently in 2002. A short walking track leads southwest from the pool to Second Beach, a small stony beach sitting at the bottom of the basalt cliffs of Forbury Head.
Saint Clair Beach is a popular surfing venue, as well as having a patrolled swimming area. Shark nets have been deployed one kilometre out from the beach every summer since 1970, making this a safe swimming area. Major surf lifesaving and surfing championships are regularly hosted at Saint Clair Beach. The western end of Saint Clair Beach is marked by a series of old wooden posts, the remains of an old breakwater.
The other major access-point to the beach is at Saint Kilda, where a sandy slope leads down to the sea from the road. Here, too, is a patrolled swimming area. Between the two access points is Middle Beach. This is backed by a series of high dunes topped by a walkway linking Saint Clair Esplanade with the Sir James Barnes Lookout, which offers views across south Dunedin from above Forbury Park Raceway. Behind these dunes are several of the city’s sports grounds, notably Kettle Park. The Ocean Beach Railway runs through these parks from the Otago Model Engineering Club’s premises close to the Saint Kilda beach access point.
In recent years the dunes have been subject to severe erosion, and measures have been taken by the Dunedin City Council to reinforce them. This is not the first time that erosion has threatened properties along this stretch of Dunedin’s coast. Heavy seas during the 1890s and early 1900s caused loss of land close to Saint Clair, and the current esplanade is sited along the line of the first sea wall to be built along this stretch of coast, built between 1911 and 1913.
Wildlife.
Despite being a well-frequented beach within an urban area, Ocean Beach is regularly visited by a wide array of wildlife. Both seals and sea lions are occasional visitors, as are blue penguins.

</doc>
<doc id="19197961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197961" title="Paul Gibbons">
Paul Gibbons

Paul Kendall Gibbons (born 25 June 1971 in New Plymouth, Taranaki) is a retired pole vaulter from New Zealand. He competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where he was eliminated in the qualifying round with no official mark. Gibbons set his personal best (5.51 metres) in 1992 and equalled it in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="19197962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197962" title="Caetés, Pernambuco">
Caetés, Pernambuco

Caetés (, , "Caaetes") is a Brazilian town located within the state of Pernambuco, in northeastern Brazil. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Agreste Pernambucano and microregion of Garanhuns. It is the birthplace of former president of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. The name originates from the indigenous Caetés people who lived in Pernambuco in the 16th century.
Economy.
The main economic activities in Caetés are based in general commerce and the primary sector, which employs around 83% of the local workforce. The main products are especially manioc, beans, cattle and milk.
Economic Indicators.
Economy by Sector
2006

</doc>
<doc id="19197966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197966" title="David Wagoner">
David Wagoner

David Russell Wagoner (born June 5, 1926) is an American poet who has written many poetry collections and ten novels. Two of his books have been nominated for National Book Awards.
Born in Massillon, Ohio and raised in Whiting, Indiana from the age of seven, Wagoner attended Pennsylvania State University where he was a member of Naval ROTC and graduated in three years. He received an M.A. in English from the Indiana University in 1949 and has taught at the University of Washington since 1954 on the suggestion of friend and fellow poet Theodore Roethke.
Wagoner was editor of "Poetry Northwest" from 1966 to 2002 and his play "An Eye For An Eye For An Eye" was produced in 1973. Wagoner was elected chancellor of the Academy of American Poets in 1978 and served in that capacity until 1999. One of his novels, "The Escape Artist", was turned into a film by executive producer Francis Ford Coppola. He currently teaches in the low-residency MFA program of the Northwest Institute of Literary Arts on Whidbey Island.
Pacific Northwest.
The natural environment of the Pacific Northwest is the subject of much of David Wagoner's poetry. He cites his move from the Midwest as a defining moment: "hen I came over the Cascades and down into the coastal rainforest for the first time in the fall of 1954, it was a big event for me, it was a real crossing of a threshold, a real change of consciousness. Nothing was ever the same again."
Awards.
David Wagoner's "Collected Poems" was nominated for the National Book Award in 1977 and he won the Pushcart Prize that same year. He was again nominated for a National Book Award in 1979 for "In Broken Country". He won his second Pushcart Prize in 1983. He is the recipient of the American Academy of Arts and Letters award, the Sherwood Anderson Foundation Fiction Award, the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize (1991), the English-Speaking Union prize from "Poetry" magazine, and the Arthur Rense Prize in 2011. He has also received fellowships from the Ford Foundation, the Guggenheim Foundation, and the National Endowment for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19197978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197978" title="1987 WCT Scottsdale Open">
1987 WCT Scottsdale Open

The 1987 WCT Scottsdale Open was a WCT and Nabisco Grand Prix tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona. The tournament was held from October 5 to October 12.

</doc>
<doc id="19197988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197988" title="The Goodrich Silvertown Orchestra">
The Goodrich Silvertown Orchestra

The Goodrich Silvertown Orchestra was a musical variety radio program, sponsored by B. F. Goodrich and heard in different formats and timeslots from 1925 until 1935. The performers included Henry Burr (tenor), Carl Mathieu (tenor), James Stanley (baritone), Stanley Baughman (bass), Monroe Silver (comedian), Frank Banta (piano), and Sam Herman (xylophone). The Orchestra's theme music was "Her Waltz" by Arthur Johnston.
The hour-long program of "orchestra, songs, character sketches" began on February 12, 1925 on WEAF in New York City, airing Thursday nights at 10pm ET. On November 19, 1926, the show moved to the NBC Red Network -- of which WEAF was the flagship station -- where it was heard Thursdays at 9pm ET (1926-27) and then Wednesdays at 9:30pm ET (1927-28). At various times the program was titled The Goodrich Zippers, The Silvertown Cord Orchestra, Silvertown Orchestra, Silvertown Quartet and The Silvertown Zippers. The Zippers were a small banjo ensemble featured in 1926-27.
The Silver-Masked Tenor.
The show was notable for introducing listeners to Joseph M. White, aka "The Silver-Masked Tenor", who had first been heard on WEAF as early as 1923. With a mask concealing his secret identity, White found such fame on radio that when the Silvertown Orchestra played on the Keith vaudeville circuit, police had to escort White into theaters.
In 1935-36, B. A. Rolfe was the bandleader on 15-minute pre-recorded programs created for syndication.

</doc>
<doc id="19197991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197991" title="14th Light Horse Regiment (Australia)">
14th Light Horse Regiment (Australia)

The 14th Light Horse Regiment was a mounted infantry or light horse unit of the Australian Army. The unit takes its lineage from units raised as part of the colonial forces of the state of Queensland in 1860 and served during the Second Boer War and World War I. In 1930 it was amalgamated with the 2nd Light Horse Regiment to become the 2nd/14th Light Horse Regiment (Queensland Mounted Infantry), a unit that continues to exist as part of the Australian Army today.
History.
The 14th Light Horse Regiment has a somewhat convoluted lineage. It had its origins in the 4th Battalion, Queensland Mounted Infantry (QMI), which was a unit of the colonial forces of the state of Queensland that was first raised in 1860. When the Second Boer War broke out, the QMI were sent to South Africa to fight alongside contingents from a number of Australian colonies and it was here that the unit won its first battle honour. After the Boer War the colonial forces were amalgamated into the military forces of the newly federated nation of Australia. As a part of this amalgamation the four battalions of the QMI were reformed as light horse regiments, and the 4th Battalion became the 27th Light Horse Regiment.
In 1912 a system of compulsory military service was instituted in Australia, the result of which was the expansion of the army. Consequently most the units of the QMI were redesignated, and the 27th Light Horse Regiment became the 27th Light Horse (North Queensland Light Horse) Regiment. With the outbreak of World War I, due to the provisions of the "Defence Act 1903" which did not allow for conscripts to be sent overseas to fight, it was decided to raise an all volunteer force for service overseas, which would be known as the Australian Imperial Force (AIF). While the units of the AIF were deployed overseas to Gallipoli and the Western Front, the original units of the QMI remained in Australia on home service.
In March 1916 the 14th Light Horse Regiment was raised as part of the AIF at Enoggera, Queensland, attached to the 3rd Division. It departed from Sydney on the steamship "Beltana" on 13 May 1916, bound for England where it was intended to be brought up to full strength to serve as the 3rd Division's light horse regiment. Before it could be brought up to full strength, however, the establishment was reduced to only one squadron per division and as such only 'A' Squadron was formed. Soon afterwards, however, the divisional establishments of the Australian Army were changed again, this time removing mounted troops from the order of battle altogether. As a result it was decided to disband the regiment.
In June 1918, the 14th Light Horse Regiment was reformed from the Imperial Camel Corps in Palestine, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel George Langley. This unit had been disbanded due to the unsuitability of the camels to the fighting in Palestine, however, it had performed very well in the previous campaigns in Egypt and the Sinai and had earned a number of battle honours, which the 14th subsequently inherited. Together with the 15th Light Horse Regiment and a French colonial regiment they formed the 5th Light Horse Brigade, attached to the Australian Mounted Division.
In September 1918 the 5th Light Horse Brigade were involved in the fighting against the Turks around Megiddo, during which time they suffered eight men killed. Over the course of ten days the Brigade advanced more than before entering Damascus on 1 October 1918, after which they spent the next month performing garrison duties as the Brigade prepared to take part in the advance towards Alepo. Turkey surrendered on 30 October 1918, thus preventing the Regiment from seeing any further action during the war. However, before they were to return to Australia they were used to quell the Egyptian Revolution of 1919. They finally embarked for the return voyage to Australia on 24 July 1919.
In Australia the units of the QMI underwent another reorganisation when they were renumbered once again. In 1922 the 27th Light Horse (North Queensland Light Horse) Regiment became the 14th (North Queensland) Light Horse Regiment. The AIF was officially disbanded in April 1921 and in the subsequent re-organisation of the Australian Army it was decided that the associated Citizens Military Force units would retain the AIF battle honours. Thus, when the 27th became the 14th in 1922 it was officially given the battle honours of its AIF counterpart. In 1927 the Regiment's name was changed again to the 14th (West Moreton) Light Horse Regiment. In 1930 due to economic constraints caused by the Great Depression the 14th was amalgamated with the 2nd (Moreton) Light Horse Regiment to become the 2nd/14th Light Horse Regiment (Queensland Mounted Infantry). 
In September 1939, following the outbreak of World War II, the 2nd/14th was assigned to the 1st Australian Cavalry Brigade. In 1940, the 2nd/14th was delinked and the 14th Light Horse Regiment was re-raised as a machine-gun unit. It was assigned to the 4th Australian Cavalry Brigade. Two years later it was renamed as the 14th Motor Regiment, however, it was disbanded shortly afterwards in May 1942 when its personnel were transferred to the 2/4th Armoured Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="19197992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197992" title="Wilson Building">
Wilson Building

Wilson Building or Wilson Block may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19197994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19197994" title="20/20 (Canadian TV series)">
20/20 (Canadian TV series)

20/20 is a Canadian half-hour documentary series which aired on CBC Television between April 22, 1962 and September 24, 1967. "20/20" was broadcast in the daytime in various timeslots. The series features episodes about life in Canada. The series was narrated by Harry Mannis and produced by Thom Benson (1962–63) and Richard Knowles (1963–67).

</doc>
<doc id="19198004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198004" title="Mohd Rafi Ali">
Mohd Rafi Ali

Rafi Ali (born 11 December 1972) is a Singaporean footballer that last played for Tampines Rovers. He is part of the Singapore national football team that won the 1998 Tiger Cup. He started his career with Geylang United.
Rafi Ali is now working on the Rafi Ali Soccer School for kids.
He is also coaching Republic Polytechnic's Male football IG team.

</doc>
<doc id="19198020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198020" title="Mia Morris White">
Mia Morris White

Mia Morris White (born February 13, 1965 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is a former Member of the North Carolina House of Representatives, elected to serve three consecutive terms, representing House District 18 (1996-2002). She was the first and so far only Republican 
and first woman elected in history of House District 18.
Career.
Before being elected she worked as a:

</doc>
<doc id="19198023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198023" title="The Children's Investment Fund Foundation">
The Children's Investment Fund Foundation

The Children's Investment Fund Foundation UK (CIFF UK) is a large charitable organization in the United Kingdom.
It was founded in 2002 by Jamie Cooper-Hohn and her husband hedge fund manager Chris Hohn.
It is a registered charity in England & Wales and in 2006–7 had a gross income of £324 million, making it one of the 30 largest charities in the UK.
It receives its funding as an annual donation representing 1/2 of 1% of assets from TCI FM (The Children's Investment Fund Management) which manages the London‐based hedge fund The Children's Investment Fund founded by Chris Hohn in 2003. His wife manages the charitable organization.
Activities.
CIFF is focused on improving the lives of children living in poverty in developing countries. Its main areas of activity are HIV/AIDS, emergency humanitarian aid and microfinance.
On the 18 December 2008, the William J. Clinton Foundation released a list of all contributors for presumably the 2008 year. It included The Children's Investment Fund Foundation, which gave greater than US$25 million. It was not a contributor for 2009.
The fund is also a top institutional holder of Lockheed Martin.
Neglected tropical diseases.
CIFF was one of the major forces behind the launching of the London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases, a WHO inspired collaborative disease eradication programme of 10 neglected tropical diseases. The programme was launched on 30 January 2012 in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19198047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198047" title="1988 Eagle Classic">
1988 Eagle Classic

The 1988 Eagle Classic was a men's WCT and Nabisco Grand Prix tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States. The tournament was held from October 3 to October 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19198080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198080" title="Hasilpur Tehsil">
Hasilpur Tehsil

Hasilpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalpur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Hasilpur is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 15 Union Councils.
Administration.
The Union Councils of Tehsil Hasilpur are:

</doc>
<doc id="19198104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198104" title="Seeburger See">
Seeburger See

Seeburger See is a lake in the karst region of the Lower Eichsfeld, Landkreis Göttingen, in southeastern Lower Saxony, Germany.
Also known as "Auge des Eichsfelds" (Eye of the Eichsfeld), the shallow 86.5-hectare (0.865 km2) lake is fed in the west by the "Aue" creek at Seeburg and drained to the east in Bernshausen by the same creek and lies at an elevation of 157 m AMSL. The lake is postglacial, having formed about 500 B.C. when an underground cave collapsed. The lake is the largest natural body of water in Göttingen district. It is bordered in places by reedy growth and elsewhere by trees and grasslands. Other than the two villages, the surrounding land is mostly agricultural, though there is a recreational area with swimming facilities near Seeburg, and a large part of the lake's shoreline ("Naturschutzgebiet Seeburger See"), and a small forested area to the north are protected nature zones. Controlled fishing is allowed in the lake, with eel being the most common (and providing a popular local specialty, smoked eel), along with small pike, zander, carp, tench, common rudd, trout, and a few others.
The lake is the area of interest for locals, people from nearby cities and the Netherlands, there being camp-grounds, recreational facilities, an archaeological site, and a nature-information center as well as a path along the lake shore. In the 1980s, the Seeburger See area was subject to both extensive and intensive archaeological research, which revealed a large amount of neolithic activity as well as lesser Bronze and Iron Age presences and the medieval predecessors of today's communities.
History.
In the late Middle Ages, the lake came to its greatest size. Clear evidence for fishing in the lake is found in an archival record concerning the fishermen's guild of Bernshausen and Seeburg in the sixteenth century. The lake's current most commonly used name (Seeburger See) has its earliest recorded use in 1807. Before that, it was simply referred to as "der großer See bei Bernshausen". 
On rare occasions, temporary islands have appeared in the lake. This has occurred early in the twentieth century. The lake and its shore were designated a protected natural area in 1952. In 1970, the Seeburger See sailing club was founded. In 1976, the protected area became an official "Naturschutzgebiet."
In literature and legend.
Seeburger See is the locale of the legend of the evil Graf Isang. It is locally claimed that at low-water, the tower of the count's castle can be seen. In fact, early in the twentieth century, for a very short time, an island did appear in the lake.,

</doc>
<doc id="19198213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198213" title="1989 Eagle Classic">
1989 Eagle Classic

The 1989 Eagle Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States that was part of World Championship Tennis and the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix. The tournament took place from March 6 through March 13, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19198216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198216" title="Tikhaya Sosna River">
Tikhaya Sosna River

Tikhaya Sosna () is a river in Belgorod and Voronezh Oblasts of Russia. It is a right tributary of the Don River. It is 161 km long, with a drainage basin of 4,350 km².
The river has its sources in the eastern part of Belgorod Oblast, on the southeastern slopes of the Central Russian Upland. It flows in a northeasterly direction, and joins the Don some 15 kilometers west of the town of Liski in Voronezh Oblast.
Along the Tikhaya Sosna lies the towns of Biryuch, Alexeyevka and Ostrogozhsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19198243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198243" title="Megawatts and Megatons">
Megawatts and Megatons

Megawatts and Megatons is a 2001 book by Richard L. Garwin and Georges Charpak. The book is said to be a good primer on nuclear power and also a detailed discussion of nuclear weapons and potential paths for weapons reduction.
The book presents detailed information about nuclear reactors and provides useful information on nuclear power program development in the United States and France. A discussion on nuclear weapons and non-proliferation follows. 

</doc>
<doc id="19198291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198291" title="D23">
D23

D23 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19198292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198292" title="Loppi (ticketing system)">
Loppi (ticketing system)

Loppi (Japanese: ロッピー) is Japan's most popular self-service electronic ticket dispensing system, providing instant print tickets in venues such as museums. Tickets are typically printed and paid for at the store's counter, which also allows people who do not own credit or debit cards to purchase their tickets.
The system was original developed and is still owned by the Lawson chain of convenience stores (Konbini) and also be used to provide couponing and rewards systems. The name "Loppi" is an abbreviation of "Lawson online shopping".

</doc>
<doc id="19198323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198323" title="Yazman">
Yazman

Yazman (), is a city and capital of Yazman Tehsil of Bahawalpur District, in southern Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at 29°8'0N 71°45'0E with an altitude of 115 metres (380 feet). It is famous for its desert Cholistan.
Yazman Gateway to Cholistan (A Detailed Perspective)
The article has been developed from the original sources by the Research Cell of College.
History.
Yazman is primarily called as a Gateway to the Great Desert of Cholistan. It is the largest Tehsil of District Bahawalpur on account of area. Yazman is a unique offspring of the process of colonization of the defunct state of Bahawalpur and it was named after a city of “Yazman” in a Syrian region of Balkh.
Yazman is actually a seven to eight decades older city. The following three factors played a vital role in its colonization and hitherto development.
1-It is situated at a starting point of Cholistan, at a distance of 32 kilo meters from Bahawalpur (The capital of the ex-state of Bahawalpur and a commissionerate and divisional Headquarter after its merger into Pakistan)
2-The colonization as a result of the completion of Satluj Valley Project canal system.
3-An important station of the Cholistan or Colony Railway Line laid down from Samma Satta, Bahawalpur to Fort Abbas via Yazman.
Yazman came into being because an administrative unit was required in the colony area of Cholistan.
Cholistan RAILWAYS PROJECT (MISSING SINCE 1940)
Keeping in view to provide an effective infrastructural facility in the form of state controlled communication, a 124 miles project of a railway line from Samma Satta to Bahawal Nagar via Fort Abbas was started in November 1926.In the first phase railway line was laid down from Bahawal Nagar to Doga Bonga and was inaugurated in 1928.It was extended to Fort Abbas during the next two years. The project of remaining 80 miles from Fort Abbas to Samma Satta with the prominent stations of Mansoora, Quresh, Yazman and Qattal Ammara was completed during the period of next four to five years. This railway line could be utilized only for five years as on the request of the British Indian Government (a patron of the Bahawalpur state) all the infrastructure of railway line was given to the old patron to meet the urgent requirements of the Second World War at Indian Fronts.
The Nawab of Bahawalpur sanctioned the removal of 80 of the 124 miles railway track on 12 December 1940.It was lifted with a hope and plan to be re-laid after war. But that hope was never fulfilled and as a consequence the then required level of development in the colony area of Fort Abbas, Fort Marot and Yazman suffered a great setback in the days to come.
In 1943 Yazman was conferred upon the status of Notified Area Committee (NAC or Sub Tahsil) along with its neighboring cities of Hasilpur, for Abbas and others like Bahawal Nagar, Sadiq Abad, Chishtian and Haroon Abad with a subsequent extension up to 31 March 1947 and a Naib tahsildar was posted who was also ex-officio chairman of the Committee. In order to facilitate the agro based economy, the State had a norm to alleviate some of the cities to the level of Mandi. Yazman was given the status of non-permanent Mandi in 1943-44 and was upgraded to the level of Permanent Mandi in 1949. The construction work of the Yazman City was started through auction of plots for commercial and residential purpose by the state administration. A brick kiln was approved for the promotion of construction work. One dispensary was established in 1942-43. The figures of the income and expenditure of Yazman committee as Rs.1621,Rs.2531 and Rs.1016,Rs.1364 are available in the administrative reports for the years 1942-43 and 1943-44. In the same year there was a police station with a staff of one Sub inspector, one hawaldar and 18 constables. The state administration report for the year 1946-47 reflects that “the construction of water courses in Yazman is given due importance. Yazman is indicating a permanent low profile of development due to poor situation of the communication.” The provision of communication facilities was a major motive in this area. Apart from the railway line (discarded after only five years), lorry service was started between Bahawalpur to Fort Abbas and Yazman on the non metaled road which continued up to the merger of the state in Pakistan till 1955. When the 32 kilometers road between Bahawalpur and Yazman was converted into metalled road, the transport service and its quality became better and comfortable.
After 1955 the coming years heralded a new era of development and progress and its infrastructure was enhanced to the maximum extent. With effect from 1 July 1984 Yazman gained the status of Tahsil with a high profile socio-economic and agrarian progress.
Tehsil level offices of all important departments i.e. Police, Agriculture, Social Welfare, Education, Food, Forest, sports, irrigation, electricity, telephone and branches of all the national banks are operational here. Special focus on the development of Cholistan has been a special phenomenon. After devolution many development projects of education, irrigation, communication, public health engineering and electricity have so far been carried out.
The Important Sites
Cholistan
The desert area which comprises one third of the total area of the Bahawalpur District is called “Cholistan” or “Rohi”. In local dialect the word “Cholistan” which means desert without water and grass. The Cholistan can be divided into two parts: VIZ Smaller Cholistan and Greater Cholistan. Smaller Cholistan is situated along with the irrigated area while Greater Cholistan lies further south. Some parts of Cholistan are open plain spaces, locally called “Dahars” where soil is alluvial and suitable for cultivation. The other parts consists of sand dunes, called “Tibas” rising at some places up to 100 meters with vegetation peculiar to sandy tracts.
Cholistan was under regular irrigated cultivation till 1200 B.C and under seasonal regular irrigated cultivation till about 600 B.C. With the drying up of River Hakra the area was deserted with passage of time. There are more than 400 archeological sites which were once populated as per survey report of Dr. Rafique Mughal which was carried out in the winter of 1978 and published in an international magazine. Cholistan is also called as valley of Hakra.
Average rainfall in Cholistan is 7.5 to 12.5 centimeters and subsoil water is brackish. Density population in Cholistan is only 09 persons per square kilometers. Animal population is around 1,200,000 which comprises camels, goats, sheep and cows. Cholistan is home of wildlife. Main source of drinking water both for human beings and animals, is rain water which is stored in “Tobas” and “Kunds” (water reservoir). Cholistanis constantly move in search of water. The desert on south was once habitable and forts of Derawar, Din Garh, Mauj Garh and Marot were situated at the bank of the dried up river called Sarswati, Hakra or Chughra. With the passage of time, its feeder channels changed route thus the vast tract of irrigated land converted into desert now called Cholistan.
The population of Cholistan consists of Muslims and non-Muslims with culture and language of their own. Cholistani clans migrate to the plains of the district in summer with their animals when rain and water is scarce. The current major clans of Cholistan include Jats, Arain, Rajputs and Balochis. Their sub-clans include Chatta, Cheema, Warraich, Rehan, Ghuman, Sidhu, Uppal, Janjua, Rathore, Bhatti, Leghari, Lashari, and Dashti. Though these clans are unique because of their historical past and maintenance of their tribal traditions. The crafts and folktales are very much recognized.
The Shrine of Channan Pir
A few kilometers from Yazman at the start of Cholistan, the Shrine of Channan Pir is situated. It is an exclusive centre of the spiritual and cultural heritage of Yazman and Cholistan. Cultural activities are observed to be at the peak when Urs or Fair of Channan Pir is held on the consecutive seven Thursdays starting in the month of March every year. The visitors throw tabbaruk (the sacred sweet) and the persons who pick and taste this tabarruk are supposed to be fortunate in achieving their worldly pursuits. It is told that some time in the Seventh Century Hijri (the Islamic calendar) a well known spiritual celebrity of great stature at Uch Sharif Hazrat Makhdum Jalal-ud-Din Surkh Bukhari while traveling on route to Jasalmir a Hindu cult area, claimed that there was a Muslim residing in the area. He was replied in negative. He was told that the wife of the ruler (raja) of this area was expecting a baby. He predicted that he would be a staunch Muslim. The Raja became scared of the forecast of the saint and the newborn baby was laid alive in a cradle made of sandalwood and was thrown in the desert to vanish away. The supernatural phenomena protected and brought up the to be saint. He entered in the circle of Makhdum Jalal-ud-Din Surkh Bukhariand and became famous with the title of Channan Pir. He converted many non-Muslims. The individuals of almost all the cults and sexes are devotees of Channan Pir and pay respects to him on the occasion of his death anniversary (Urs). The passionate devotees from all over the area pay homage to the saint as a token of acknowledgement of fulfillment of their desires for which they make vows. The Ruler Nawab of Bahawalpur paid a visit to the shrine along with the state Prime Minister Mr. Krafton and his spouse on March 14, 1943.
Derawar Fort
The most visited ancient site is Fort Derawar which is situated in the middle and on the interlinked old communication network of the Great Desert of Cholistan. Its distance from Ahmad Pur East and Bahawalpur is equal i.e. 50 KM.
The historians tell that Derawar Fort was constructed by the Raja of Bhatti tribes in 757 A.D. It is constructed in Hindu style of architecture. The first Nawab of Bahawalpur State Sadiq Muhammad Khan I while expanding the territory of the state attacked and got hold of the fort from Sardar Aghi Sing.
The tale of its construction is very interesting.Raja Jajja from a Bhatti tribe was the ruler of Khanpur and Ahmadpur. Another Raja Diwa Sing sought permission from his maternal uncle Sardar Jajja Sing to construct the fort at a bank of Hakra in Cholistan which was granted and its erection started in 837 A.D. Due to unknown reasons Raja Jajja ordered to suspend the process of construction. On the request of his sister, the mother of Diwa Sing, he again permitted to restart its construction. After its completion it was named as “Dewar Awal” which became Derwar by the passage of time.
In 1825 Nawab Sadiq Muhammad Khan III got constructed a splendid mosque in front of it on the true model of Jamia Masjid Dheli. Marble of very fine quality has been used in the mosque of Derawar. It is a unique monument which was constructed with a material which was brought there from the remote areas to that area of poor communication. The family graveyard of the Nawabs Half km from the mosque is also worth seeing because of its style and architecture.
SOCIAL SETUP
The main ingredients of the social set up of Yazman are dominantly agrarian. The city gives a passive look on account of socio-economic conditions. Economic activity totally depends on the favorable climate and better agricultural yield. Its population consists mainly of lower middle class and low paid communities. The area is relatively backward and is conspicuous for lack of industry. The literacy rate is very poor. As the city of Yazman is situated very close to its district headquarter Bahawalpur so the residents of the city of Yazman prefer to avail the educational facilities at Bahawalpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19198328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198328" title="Máximo Banguera">
Máximo Banguera

Máximo Banguera (born December 16, 1985 in Guayaquil, Ecuador) is a goalkeeper that plays for Barcelona Sporting Club . He is also the goalkeeper for the Ecuadorian national team.
International career.
He is the starting goalkeeper for the Ecuadorian national team. Banguera was called up to play against Mexico on November 2008. He played all of the ninety minutes and performed well.

</doc>
<doc id="19198355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198355" title="Chamaescilla">
Chamaescilla

Chamaescilla is a genus of herbs in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Lomandroideae, that are endemic to Australia. They have grass-like basal leaves and tuberous roots. The flowers have 6 petals (each with three nerves) and 6 stamens. The seed capsules contain black, glossy seeds.
Species include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19198390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198390" title="Nonsense Revolution">
Nonsense Revolution

Nonsense Revolution is a 2009 Canadian comedy film directed by Ann Verrall and starring Alex House, Anastasia Phillips, Robert Clark and Deborah Allen.
Synopsis.
"Nonsense Revolution" is about a group of friends who were partying one night. In a terrible accident, Caz (Alex House), one of the group dies in a "hit and run" accident.
About a year later, Caz returns with angel wings (but is not saintly at all). He "haunts" one of the friends called Tess (Anastasia Phillips) and appears only to her but remains invisible to all the others. He tells Tess to arrange the gathering of the group together on the anniversary of his death. An awkward atmosphere develops as Caz "plays" around with the group sexually arousing them by touching them with his feathers and making them engage in various heterosexual and homosexual acts between them.

</doc>
<doc id="19198404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198404" title="Love Remains the Same (album)">
Love Remains the Same (album)

Love Remains The Same is the Finnish rock band Von Hertzen Brothers's third full length album. The album was released on 14 May 2008 in Finland and reached the number one position in the Finnish charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19198406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198406" title="C/S Origin">
C/S Origin

Solar Entertainment Corporation which also created its sister stations, C/S 9, ETC, 2nd Avenue, Jack TV, BTV, & Solar Sports, C/S Origin was an entertainment channel owned by Solar Entertainment Corporation. The flagship channel of C/S 9 (on free TV owned by RPN). It shows mostly American crime and suspense dramas, science-fiction, mysteries, reality and investigation. The initial broadcast was launched on September 14, 2008. This newest channel is available on Global Destiny Cable and SkyCable.
Solar Entertainment had decided "handover" all programs shown on C/S Origin back to its terrestrial channel, C/S 9, started July 15, 2009. C/S Origin, which was available on Global Destiny Cable and SkyCable, has now been replaced by Sci Fi Channel (Now with Universal Channel) on their respective channel line-up.
Profile.
C/S (better known as Crime/Suspense), the home of the world's critically acclaimed and award-winning US television series, takes entertainment to the next level with C/S Origin. The channel that gives you an unparalleled selection of choice programming from the hottest shows to the latest seasons. To the most investigative factuals and blockbuster movies.

</doc>
<doc id="19198407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198407" title="Akania bidwillii">
Akania bidwillii

Akania is a monotypic genus in the family Akaniaceae. The single species, Akania bidwillii (Turnipwood), is a tree that is native to rainforests in New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.

</doc>
