<doc id="19176233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176233" title="Clifton Anderson">
Clifton Anderson

Clifton Anderson (born October 5, 1957, Harlem, New York City) is an American jazz musician, a trombone player. He grew up surrounded by music. His father was a church organist /choir director, and his mother a singer and pianist. It was no surprise that Clifton exhibited an affinity for music at an early age. When he was just seven years old he got his first trombone, a gift from his famous uncle Sonny Rollins.
Biography.
Clifton attended the prestigious Fiorello LaGuardia High School of Music and Art. In 1974, he spent one year at the State University of New York at Stony Brook studying under Simon Karasick and Dave Schechter. He continued his education at the Manhattan School of Music, and graduated in 1978 with a Bachelor of Music degree.
At The Manhattan School, he studied under the Metropolitan Opera trombonist John Clark. There he also met and befriended talented musicians including Angela Bofill and the late Kenny Kirkland. 
While at Manhattan School of Music, Clifton began freelancing around New York City, making record dates and sitting in at clubs. He participated in jazz organizations like the Muse, the CBA Ensemble and later Barry Harris’s ensemble workshops on 8th Avenue. Clifton made his first record date with Carlos Garnett in 1976. By his senior year, at Manhattan he had established himself as one of the young “in demand” trombonists in New York.
When word went out that Slide Hampton was putting together a trombone choir, Janis Robinson (a fellow student of John Clark at Manhattan) recommended Clifton to Slide Hampton. The original “World of Trombones” was formed and included Janis Robinson, Steve Turre, Earl McIntyre, Clifford Adams, Doug Purviance, Papo Vazquez, and Clifton Anderson. Later additions to the prestigious trombone choir included Robin Eubanks, Clarence Banks, Frank Lacy, Conrad Herwig, and Bob Trowers. The “World of Trombones” gave Clifton the chance to play next to and learn from top veteran trombonists that occasionally joined the group like Benny Powell and Britt Woodman; however, J.J. Johnson remained Clifton’s greatest influence on the trombone. In 1979, Clifton got the chance to meet J.J. Johnson when Slide Hampton suggested he go with him to J.J.’s record date Pinnacles. “Meeting J.J. and watching him operate in the studio was an incredible experience I will never forget.”
The early 1980s found Clifton working with a “who’s who” of diverse musical giants: from Frank Foster, McCoy Tyner, Clifford Jordan, Stevie Wonder, Dizzy Gillespie, Merv Griffin and The Mighty Sparrow to Lester Bowie, Paul Simon, Muhal Richard Abrams, T. S. Monk and Dionne Warwick among others. During this period, Clifton also played on the Broadway shows, "Dreamgirls" and "Nine".
In 1983, Clifton got the call to join his uncle, Sonny Rollins. From that time to the present, Clifton has been a member of Sonny’s group. He has toured extensively with him, performing throughout Europe, Asia, South America, Australia, Canada and of course the United States. Clifton has also appeared on ten Sonny Rollins recordings. In 2005, Clifton worked on the production of Sonny Rollins' album, "". Since then, Clifton has produced four releases for Sonny’s label Doxy Records: "Sonny, Please"; the DVD, "Sonny Rollins in Vienne"; "Road Shows Vol. 1"; and Clifton’s own "Decade". Between 2006 and 2009 Clifton managed the Doxy label, and also ran OLEO, LLC, Sonny’s merchandising company. 
Between his duties as a musician and an administrator, Clifton has taught privately and in academia. He was an artist in residence at Duke University from 1999 to 2001.
In 1997 Clifton released his first recording as a leader/producer on the Milestone label. Entitled "Landmarks", it received critical acclaim internationally and made the top ten play lists on US Jazz radio. At the end of 2007 Clifton went back into the studio as a leader to produce Decade, his first recording in approximately ten years. The stellar reviews of Decade and Clifton’s live performances led to a nomination for 2009 “Trombonist Of The Year” from The American Jazz Journalists Association. 
At the end of 2009 Clifton left Sonny’s band to actively lead his own group full time. Clifton headed back into the studio in September 2011 to record and produce his third release as a leader, and so we carry on, with a stellar lineup of guest artists who also happen to be his friends. The featured friends -- pianist Monty Alexander, soprano saxophonist Kenny Garrett, bassist Bob Cranshaw, trumpeter Wallace Roney, percussionists Kimati Dinizulu and Victor See Yuen, and drummers Steve Jordan and Jeff “Tain” Watts – blended seamlessly with Clifton’s working band, tenor saxophonist Eric Wyatt, pianist Donald Vega, bassist Essiet Essiet and drummer Steve Williams, to create a musical blueprint for hope, renewal and carrying on. The highly anticipated recording immediately created a buzz among musicians.
“With people increasingly faced with turmoil, uncertainty and crisis, I wanted to create music that uplifts the listener and offers a sense of hope to prevail”.
and so we carry on was released on September 25, 2012, on Daywood Drive Records and distributed worldwide by BFM Digital. It is also available on 
Clifton Anderson's website: http://cliftonanderson.biz/clifton-store.html
Discography.
As sideman.
With Sonny Rollins

</doc>
<doc id="19176236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176236" title="Peter Hutton (priest)">
Peter Hutton (priest)

Peter Hutton (b. at Holbeck, Leeds, Yorkshire, England, 29 June 1811; d. at Ratcliffe, Leicestershire, England, 2 September 1880) was an English Roman Catholic priest and headmaster of Ratcliffe College.
Life.
He was baptized at Lady Lane Chapel, then the only Roman Catholic church in Leeds. His grandfather was a Catholic convert and wished Peter's father to be a Benedictine monk, but he found that he had no vocation, so returned to a secular life and married. In his will he requested that his son Peter should be educated in a Benedictine college, and Peter was accordingly sent to Ampleforth College in 1824, and began his novitiate in 1829. 
Owing to certain provisions of the Catholic Emancipation Act of that year, his superiors were, at least theoretically, debarred from professing novices and, as they were unwilling to offend the authorities in any way, Peter was not professed. So in 1830 he went to Prior Park, where he taught Classics. In 1835 the members of the Institute of Charity came to assist in the teaching, and Dr Luigi Gentili shortly afterwards succeeded to the presidency of the college. Hutton was at this time a deacon, having been so for over five years; and he disliked the advent of these foreign professors very much. The bishop then sent him to the Catholic University of Leuven in 1836, where he studied till be was recalled to Prior Park in 1839 by Bishop Baines to replace Father Furlong (who had just joined the Order of Charity) as President of St. Peter's College. Hutton was ordained priest 24 September 1839, and appointed president, and professor of Latin and Greek.
In 1841 he decided to give up his professorial career in order to enter the Order of Charity. In July, he was admitted to its novitiate at Loughborough, Leicestershire; but Bishop Baines strongly objected to this, deposed him from the presidency of St. Peter's, and ordered him to return to Prior Park as an ordinary professor. For a short period he complied with the bishop's commands, but in 1843 he suddenly left college, in company with Father Furlong, and went to Italy, where then were hospitably received by Rosmini, the founder of the Institute of Charity. He completed his interrupted novitiate there, and made his vows 31 July 1843. In 1844 he was appointed rector of the new college of the order at Ratcliffe-on-Wreake, Leicestershire. He next did some parochial work at Newport, Monmouthshire, and Whitwick, near Leicester. He then went to Shepshed, Leicestershire, as rector of the mission and master of the novitiate of Ratcliffe, which had been moved there. In 1850 it was again transferred to Ratcliffe, and Hutton was then made vice-president of the college, and president in 1851. In addition to this he was appointed rector of the religious community in 1857.
Hutton was a strict disciplinarian, a theologian and classical scholar, a good mathematician, an able preacher. During his administration, the students at Ratcliffe increased in numbers, and the buildings were enlarged. He left in manuscript translations of the principal Greek and Latin authors read at Ratcliffe, with copious notes, and many references to German critics. These were preserved at Ratcliffe.

</doc>
<doc id="19176245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176245" title="Inner Rothorn">
Inner Rothorn

The Inner Rothorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Saas-Balen in the canton of Valais. It lies on the ridge descending from the Fletschhorn, which ends at the Jegihorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19176265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176265" title="Jack Craggs">
Jack Craggs

John "Jack" Craggs (born c. 1880 in Trimdon Grange, County Durham, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland, Nottingham Forest and 
Reading as a forward.
Club career.
Craggs made his debut for Sunderland on 16 November 1901 in a 4–2 defeat against Everton at Roker Park. Over his career at the club, he made 43 league appearances scoring 15 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19176284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176284" title="Tamou Reserve">
Tamou Reserve

The Tamou Total Reserve is a nature reserve in the southwest of the African nation of Niger. It is a Total Faunal Reserve IUCN type IV, covering some 75,600 hectares within the Tillaberi Region. The reserve abuts W du Niger, and is primarily dedicated to the protection of African Elephant populations which migrate through the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19176312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176312" title="Fajr Aviation &amp; Composites Industry">
Fajr Aviation &amp; Composites Industry

Fajr Aviation & Composites Industry (FACI) was established 1991 by Raht-Aseman. FACI's first design, the Fajr F.3, entered production in 2001 and made its public debut in October 2002. Production was continuing in 2006, now of the improved Fajr F.3B.
In 2010, Fajr unveiled a one-an twin-engine airplane dubbed "Faez." According to released data, it has an empty weight of 78 kilograms and a gross weight of 175 kilograms, and is intended for reconnaissance, medical supplies, and small packages. It appears to be a copy of the French Cri-cri, a homebuilt aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19176313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176313" title="Walter Watkins">
Walter Watkins

Walter Martin "Mart" Watkins (1880 – 14 May 1942) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa, Stoke and Sunderland.
Club career.
Watkins was born in Caersws and was one of six sons of a Welsh farmer from Llanwnnog in Montgomeryshire. Along with his elder brother Ernie, Mart played for his local club, Oswestry Town where he was spotted by Football League side Stoke. He signed in August 1900 and with the "Potters" awful start to the 1900–01 season – one point from the first seven games – ensured a rapid entrance to first team football. Tall and slim with a neat moustache, Watkins was described as a 'smart player', possessing a whiplash shot who pass to his winger before dashing back into the penalty area to launch himself at the ensuing cross. 
Watkins helped Stoke avoid relegation in 1900–01, scoring the winning goal in the team's last three matches. In 1901–02 he finished top scorer with 16 and repeated the feat with 13 in 1902–03 which earned him some Welsh caps. In January 1904 Manchester City offered Stoke £450 for Watkins' services. The deal collapsed, but with Stoke desperate for funds following the construction of a new stand Aston Villa manager George Ramsey signed Watkins for a 'high price' joining up with former Stoke winger Arthur Lockett. 
His career at Villa Park didn't last long after playing just six matches scoring once, ironically against Stoke, he signed for Sunderland in October 1904. Watkins made his debut for Sunderland on 22 October 1904 in a 3–0 defeat against Sheffield Wednesday at Roker Park where he scored two goals. Over his career at the club, he made 15 league appearances scoring nine goals. 
Watkins then joined the newly formed Crystal Palace in the Southern Football League Division Two, helping them win the league and gain promotion to the First Division, scoring six goals in 15 league appearances and in the FA Cup netting six from six appearances. Watkins then moved to Northampton Town then in 1907 he rejoined Stoke who at the time were on the brink of bankruptcy. He scored five goals in 20 matches as a Stoke endured a terrible 1907–08 which saw the supporters abandon the team and the club entered liquidation, resigning from the Football League in the process. Watkins then played for Crewe Alexandra followed by moves to Stafford Rangers and Tunstall Park. Watkins did return to Stoke in 1911 but failed to win a contract and decided to retire from football.
International career.
Watkins played ten times for the Wales national team scoring four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19176316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176316" title="Bouquetins">
Bouquetins

The Dents de Bouquetins or just the Bouquetins (French for "Alpine ibexes") are a multi-summited mountain of the Alps between Switzerland and Italy. They form a ridge composed of several summits above 3,600 metres, of which the highest is 3,838 metres. The Bouquetins are the highest mountain on the main watershed of the Pennine Alps west of the Dent d'Hérens. 
A shelter (Refuge des Bouquetins), owned by the Swiss Alpine Club, is located at the western base of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19176319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176319" title="Tomáš Kudělka">
Tomáš Kudělka

Tomáš Kudělka (Born March 10, 1987) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for HC TPS of the SM-liiga.He was drafted in the fifth round, 136th overall in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft by the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Kudělka attracted the attention of pro scouts while playing for Zlin ZPS in the Czech League in 2003–2005. After being drafted by the Ottawa Senators, Kudělka moved to Lethbridge, Alberta, where he played two seasons for the Lethbridge Hurricanes of the Western Hockey League. During those two seasons, Kudělkamade brief appearances with the Binghamton Senators, before making the team full-time for the 2007–08 season. He also played for the Czech national Junior team in the 2006 and 2007 World Junior Hockey Championships.
On May 20, 2010, Kudělka returned to Europe signing a contract with HC Budivelnyk of the Russian KHL.

</doc>
<doc id="19176320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176320" title="Wieboldt-Rostone House">
Wieboldt-Rostone House

The Wieboldt-Rostone House is a house that was built in 1933. Framed in steel and clad with an artificial stone called Rostone (Limestone, shale and alkali). Billed as never needing repairs, it only lasted until the 1950s.
Intended to showcase a new building material of limestone waste and shale, the Rostone House was the product of Rostone, Inc., of Lafayette, Indiana, and the Indiana Bridge Company Construction was simplified by the completion of most design and fabrication work at a factory. The panels would be precast to the correct sizes needed for a specific project. Each panel came with pre-set nuts, that would be used to bolt the panel onto the steel frame. Both the interior and exterior walls were designed this way. The house was designed by Indiana Architect Walter Scholer.
Move to Beverly Shores.
Robert Bartlett's purchased the Homes of Tomorrow Exhibition houses in 1935 and hired Civil Engineers, Ltd of Chicago to move them to Beverly Shores. The Rostone House was placed on the lakefront with it expansive windows facing the lake.
Restoration efforts.
Restoration efforts on the Wiebolt-Rostone House were started in 1997, with the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore and the Historic Landmarks Foundation of Indiana searching for potential lessees to restore the building.

</doc>
<doc id="19176326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176326" title="Switzerland national beach soccer team">
Switzerland national beach soccer team

The Switzerland national beach soccer team represents Switzerland in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Swiss Football Association, the governing body for football in Switzerland.
Current squad.
"Current as of August 2011".
Coach: Angelo Schirinzi

</doc>
<doc id="19176339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176339" title="Giovanni Cianfriglia">
Giovanni Cianfriglia

Giovanni Cianfriglia (born 5 April 1935) is an Italian film actor. He has appeared in over 100 films since 1958. 
Born in Rome, Cianfriglia debuted as the body double of Steve Reeves in "Hercules", then he started appearing, often uncredited, as a stuntman in dozens of genre films. Since the second half of the sixties he starred in several adventure films and Spaghetti Westerns in leading roles using the stage name Ken Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="19176347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176347" title="Säffle Spade">
Säffle Spade

In the game of contract bridge, Säffle Spade (or "Säfflespader" in Swedish) is a strong pass system developed by Einar Bergh and Pontus Svinhufvud; Säffle is a small city in Sweden where they once lived. There are at least three variants of the system: Super Säffle Spade (most advanced), Small Säffle Spade, and Small Happy Säffle Spade (simplest).
Treatment.
While the opening bid of Pass is forcing for one round, it does not promise a very strong hand. The basic idea is that all hands (except certain pre-emptive ones) with 8 or more high card points (HCP) and 4+ are opened with a Pass (may also contain a longer side-suit). If one has 8 or more HCP and no suit, but 4 or more , one opens 1 (may also contain a longer minor suit). 
The general rationale is that when you open very low you want to have and show the major suits, so opponents cannot easily pre-empt against you. Another advantage is that when you have 8 or more HCP you often tell partner immediately which major suit(s) you do not have, and when he sees that your side cannot have any major-suit fit, if appropriate, he can quickly pre-empt with a minor-suit bid. 
The system is generally regarded as illegal as a "Pass" opening may not be used to indicate strength.

</doc>
<doc id="19176357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176357" title="Kirill Naryshkin">
Kirill Naryshkin

Kirill Naryshkin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19176368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176368" title="Dents de Bertol">
Dents de Bertol

The Dents de Bertol are a multi-summited mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of the Col de Bertol in the canton of Valais. The main summit has an elevation of 3,547 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="19176377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176377" title="Charlie Parker on Dial">
Charlie Parker on Dial

Charlie Parker on Dial: The Complete Sessions is a 1993 four-disc box set collecting jazz saxophonist and composer Charlie Parker's 1940s recordings for Dial Records. The box set, released by the English label Spotlite Records, assembled into a single package the multi-volume compilation albums the label had released on vinyl in the 1970s under the series title Charlie Parker on Dial. The box set has been critically well received. In 1996, a different box set collecting Parker's work with Dial was assembled by Jazz Classics and released as "Complete Charlie Parker on Dial".
Recording history.
Recorded during Parker's tenure with Dial Records between March 28, 1946, and December 17, 1947, these 89 songs have been released multiple times.
Release history.
In addition to British Spotlite's release in Britain and the United States on vinyl, in the mid 1970s, separately, the collection was published by label Jazz Classics in 1996 as "Complete Charlie Parker on Dial" and by Stash Records in 2004 as "Complete Dial Sessions". (The collection was also released as a limited edition LP box set on Warner Brother Records in 1976, and as a general release two-disc set in 1976.)
Critical reception.
The producers have, according to jazz historian Scott Yanow, collected "every locatable alternate take and rejected excerpt, as well as eight sides privately recorded at a house party" and compiled them with more readily available material. "The Blackwell Guide to Recorded Jazz" describes the Spotlite box set as "an essential aid in appreciating the scope of Parker's invention from take to take", concluding that "his brilliant body of work is indispensable." "The Guardian" also describes the recordings as "essential". The UK publication selected the Spotlite box set to represent Parker in its 2007 series on "1000 albums to hear before you die", noting that "timeless themes..., inspired improvising and radical vision make these epochal episodes in modern music". In his review, Yanow notes several problems with the collection, including a "glaring" inaccuracy regarding Parker's medical history in the liner notes and "scratchy surface noise" on some of the tracks, but praises the collection for its informativeness and comprehensiveness, indicating that "those who truly love Charlie Parker will cherish these artifacts, warts and all."
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs composed by Charlie Parker."
Eight-volume vinyl set.
Initially, Spotlite Records released the Dial recordings in a six-volume vinyl lp set in 1970. The subsequent release of two additional albums incorporated material from 1948, including a session with Tadd Dameron's Orchestra, featuring performances by tenor saxophonists Allen Eager and Wardell Gray.
Volume 1.
The first volume features several sessions. In one, Parker and Dizzy Gillespie perform "Diggin' Diz". In another, described by Yanow as "superior", Parker and Miles Davis on trumpet lead a West Coast septet through several Parker standards, with variant takes. The final session on the album features Parker in performance with a Howard McGhee-led quintet where, according to Yanow, Parker's performance is seriously hampered by his poor physical condition.
Volume 2.
This volume features the first session, including alternate takes, that Parker recorded following his hospitalization at Camarillo State Hospital in 1947. He is accompanied by the Erroll Garner trio, with vocalist Earl Coleman.
Volume 3.
The majority of the third volume features Parker in session with Red Callender on double bass, Gray on tenor saxophone, Barney Kessel on guitar, Don Lamond on drum, McGhee on trumpet, and Dodo Marmarosa on piano. Although the rest of the album has more historical significance than sound quality, Yanow describes the volume as "excellent" and recommends it.
Volume 4.
The fourth volume presents Parker in performance with his 1947 quintet, featuring musicians Davis on trumpet, Duke Jordan on piano and Max Roach on drums. The album features six classics and 10 alternative takes. In his review, Yanow indicates that "this influential bop music...is full of brilliant moments".
Volume 5.
Primarily from a session on November 4, 1947, the 5th volume again features Parker with his 1947 quintet. Additionally, it includes tracks featuring vocals by Earl Coleman and a 1945 performance of "Hallelujah" with Parker and Gillespie in support of vibraphonist Red Norvo.
Volume 6.
Concluding the original six-volume run, Parker's quintet became a sextet with the addition of J.J. Johnson on trombone.
Volume 7.
Spotlite LP107, officially titled "Lullaby in Rhythm Featuring Charlie Parker", presents several Parker solos along with two radio sessions featuring Parker with Gillespie, Billy Bauer on guitar, Ray Brown on double bass, John LaPorta on clarinet, Roach on drums and Lennie Tristano on piano.
Volume 8.
The final volume of the series featured tracks taken primarily from a radio broadcast on November 8, 1947, where Parker played with Barry Ulanov and His All-Star Metronome Jazzmen. The group featured Bauer on guitar, Allen Eager on tenor saxophone, LaPorta on clarinet, Fats Navarro on trumpet, Tommy Potter on double bass, Buddy Rich on drums, Tristano on piano, and, singing on "Everything I Have Is Yours", Sarah Vaughan. Additional material was taken from a set with Tadd Dameron's Orchestra, featuring performances by Eager and Gray.

</doc>
<doc id="19176397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176397" title="Pointe de Bertol">
Pointe de Bertol

The Pointe de Bertol (3,499 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located south of Arolla in the canton of Valais. On its southern side it overlooks the Bertol Pass.
The Bertol Hut (3,311 m) is located at the southern base of the peak.

</doc>
<doc id="19176400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176400" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's shot put">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's shot put

These are the official results of the Women's Shot Put event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 26 participating athletes, with the final held on Wednesday 25 August 1999.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19176418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176418" title="Camp Androscoggin">
Camp Androscoggin

Camp Androscoggin is an all-boys summer camp in Wayne, Maine, and one of the oldest in the state. It is ACA (American Camp Association) accredited. It was founded in 1907 by Edward M. Healy, who became President of the American Camping Association (ACA) in 1916 shortly before his death.
The camp has an average intake of between 225 and 275 boys aged 8 to 15 years, and takes enrollments nationally and internationally.
History.
Camp Androscoggin was established in 1907 on Sans Souci Island, since renamed "Androscoggin Island", in Lake Androscoggin. During the camp's inaugural summer, only 7 campers were enrolled. In 1937, a new "Junior Camp" was added on the lake's shore, which was initially for campers aged 8 to 11 years. The two camps briefly combined during World War II due to a fuel shortage, and combined permanently inland in 1972 after a fire. Androscoggin was the site of the third and fourth Seeds of Peace camps in 1995-96.
Camp Androscoggin has had many notable campers including Stephen Sondheim, Alan Jay Lerner, Tom Lehrer, William Zeckendorf, and the sons of Robert Kraft.
Activities.
Camp Androscoggin is part of the Central Maine Camp League (CMCL), competing with Cobbossee, Caribou, Manitou, and others camps in sports, including baseball, soccer, tennis, basketball, archery, and swimming.
Land sports take place on its two baseball fields, two soccer fields, three basketball courts, twelve tennis courts, archery and rifles ranges, and a climbing wall. A recent addition to sport facilities is the Foster Fieldhouse, with a high school regulation-sized basketball court.
Water sports use a shoreline for competitive and instructional swimming, sailing, fishing, canoeing, kayaking, windsurfing, waterskiing and wakeboarding.
Arts and crafts, pottery, woodworking, and animation take place in an arts center, and a theater holds musical talent shows and plays, and the final event of the camp's Color War, during which campers sing Alma Mater and fight songs.
20 network ID's for Nickelodeon have been produced here in 1988, along with "Toon Break", a series of shorts for Toon Disney.
Androscoggin also has an overnight and day-trip program, including trips to Mt. Washington, Mount Katahdin, the Allagash River, and Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="19176420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176420" title="GTK-server">
GTK-server

GTK-server is an open source project released under the GNU General Public License. The GTK-server project aims to bring Graphical User Interface programming to any interpreted language using the GIMP Tool Kit (GTK) or XForms.
Philosophy.
The GTK-server provides a stream-oriented interface to GTK. If the GTK-server is compiled as a standalone binary, it allows five different interfaces: stdin, fifo (named pipe), ipc (message queue), tcp or udp. Any interpreted language or shellscript with I/O capabilities can start the GTK-server with an argument specifying the type of interface, and can start sending GTK function calls in S-Expression format. After each request, the GTK-server returns a result, depending on the type of GTK function invoked.
If the GTK-server is compiled as a shared object, it exports the function 'gtk', which must be imported in the client program first. After that, the client program can start sending GTK function calls in S-Expression format as argument to the imported 'gtk' function.
Before the GTK-server actually can execute GTK functions, it has to read a configuration file in which the prototypes of the GTK functions are described. Since version 2.2.3 this also can be done on-the-fly, allowing the GTK-server to run without configuration file.
Implementation.
Implementing the GTK-server leads to the following considerations.
This leads to a problem for the implementation, because the GTK functions and the corresponding arguments and return values cannot be hardcoded into the GTK-server binary.
The way to resolve this is by using a foreign function interface. Currently, four external foreign function interfaces are supported by GTK-server: libFFI, FFCALL, C/Invoke and DynCall. One of these libraries should be available on the target system, in order to compile the GTK-server successfully.
Example.
The following Kornshell script starts the GTK-server in stdin mode, and creates a simple window with an exit button:
Advantages and limitations.
Although GTK was meant to be used with the C programming language, it is now possible to use GTK from any interpreted language without changing the actual implementation of the interpreter. Also both GTK 1.x and GTK 2.x can be reached. Optionally, any other shared library can be used, like OpenGL related libraries, Poppler, Mozilla, but also libc and a music library like MikMod.
When using the GTK-server as a standalone binary, it inevitably creates an additional process in the processlist. Also, GTK functions defined as a macro cannot be reached by a client program.

</doc>
<doc id="19176426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176426" title="Industrial Assessment Center">
Industrial Assessment Center

There are 24 Industrial Assessment Centers in the United States. These centers are located at universities across the US, and are funded by the United States Department of Energy (DOE) to spread ideas relating to industrial energy conservation.
The centers conduct research into energy conservation techniques for industrial applications. This is accomplished by performing energy audits or assessments at manufacturers near the particular center. The IAC program has achieved of over $4.5 billion of implemented energy cost savings since its inception.
History.
Industrial Assessment Centers (formerly called the Energy Analysis and Diagnostic Center (EADC) program) were created by the Department of Commerce in 1976, and later moved to the DOE. The IAC program is administered through the Industrial Technologies Program under the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. The Centers were created to help small and medium-sized manufacturing facilities cut back on unnecessary costs from inefficient energy use, ineffective production procedures, excess waste production, and other production-related problems. Later, according to instructions from DOE, the centers are only required to focus on reducing wasted energy and increasing energy efficiency, but still regularly recommend waste reductions and productivity improvements.
Other benefits.
In addition to providing technical support to small to mid-sized manufacturers through energy assessments, the IAC program offers several other important benefits. Apart from the routine energy audits which cover a broad scope of industrial settings and subsystems, the IACs provide technical material and workshops promoting energy efficiency. 
IAC Database
Rutgers University maintains a large databases of energy efficiency projects in the industrial sector. The database contains recommendations from every audit completed by an IAC dating back to 1980. As of June 2009, the IAC program had finished 14,000 assessments and made over 106,000 recommendations. The database is free and open to the public.
IAC Alumni
The IAC program helps train the next generation of energy efficiency engineers. Hundreds of students participate in the program every year, and over 56% of those students pursue careers in energy or energy efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="19176427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176427" title="Cliff Whitelum">
Cliff Whitelum

Cliff Whitelum (2 December 1919 in Farnworth, Lancashire, England - August 2000) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a Forward.
Club career.
Whitelum made his debut for Sunderland on 25 January 1939 against Blackpool in a 1–1 draw at Bloomfield Road. Overall, during his Sunderland career spanning from 1939 to 1947, in a stay intertupted largely by the Second World War, made 50 league appearances scoring 19 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19176435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176435" title="Pointe des Genevois">
Pointe des Genevois

The Pointe des Genevois is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Arolla in the canton of Valais. It lies just south of the higher summit of the Dent de Perroc.

</doc>
<doc id="19176439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176439" title="Marcello Fondato">
Marcello Fondato

Marcello Fondato (8 January 1924 – 13 November 2008) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 46 films between 1958 and 1986. He also directed ten films between 1968 and 1992. His 1970 film "" was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
He was born in Rome, Italy and died in San Felice Circeo of a cerebral hemorrhage aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19176446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176446" title="Neptune Bank Power Station">
Neptune Bank Power Station

Neptune Bank Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated on the River Tyne at Wallsend near Newcastle upon Tyne. Commissioned in 1901 by the Newcastle upon Tyne Electric Supply Company, the station was the first in the world to provide electricity for purposes other than domestic and street lighting. It was also the first in the world to generate electricity using three-phase electrical power distribution at a voltage of 5,500 volts.
The station had an initial generating capacity of 2,800 kW, which was increased to 3,000 kW a year after the station opened, with the introduction of two 1,500 kW Parsons turbo alternators, the largest ever built at that time. The station closed in 1915, following the completion of an extension to Carville Power Station and the opening of Dunston Power Station.
History.
At the beginning of the twentieth century, the use of electricity for general purposes began to be considered, and the Newcastle upon Tyne Electric Supply Company (NESCo) realised the potential it offered for development. In June 1899, the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company (WWUGC) acquired Parliamentary powers for the supply of electricity to the area around Wallsend. In January 1900 they erected Neptune Bank power station near the North Eastern Railway's (NER) North Tyneside Loop, midway between Wallsend and Walker. In October 1900, NESCo acquired the entire power station from the WWUGC, with the exception of the cables and sub-station machinery installed for the purpose of supplying the works in the area in which the WWUGC had obtained Parliamentary powers. the WWUGC continued to buy electricity in bulk from NESCo.
The station was officially opened on 18 June 1901 by Lord Kelvin. At the opening he said:
""We have seen at work what many have not seen before - a system realised in which a central station generates power by steam engines and delivers electricity to consumers at distances varying, I think, from a quarter of a mile to over three and a half miles... A larger station is in prospect, larger work is contemplated. This admirable but comparatively small station at Neptune Bank makes a splendid beginning... What I am seeing today is the dream of my life realised. I do not know the limits of electricity, but it will go beyond anything we can conceive of today.""
The station was the first power station to generate electricity for industrial purposes, rather than just for domestic and street lighting, and this led to a rapid expansion of NESCo.
NESCo laid high-tension cables from the power station to various substations in Newcastle upon Tyne. The company changed their system of supply, from 2,000 volt (V) single phase alternating current which had been used to distribute power from their Pandon Dene Power Station, to three phase current at 5,500 V. This made NESCo the first statutory authority to supply in such a way. The scientific journal, "The Electrician" congratulated NESCo in June 1901, stating that ""not merely electric power supply on Tyneside was formally inaugurated last Tuesday, but the era of electric power utilisation all over the kingdom.""
A year after the station came into operation, NESCo's original power station at Pandon Dene was closed and converted into a substation. The Pandon Dene station had originally supplied Newcastle city centre with electricity, but the new Neptune Bank station took over this supply, transmitting using high voltage cables laid in ducts, rendering the older station obsolete.
Design and specification.
The station was the first major design project of Charles Merz, of the Merz & McLellan consulting partnership, and the first power station Merz & McLellan designed in the Newcastle area.
The station's buildings were built from corrugated iron, and the boiler house adjoined the engine room on its south facing side. Each of these two buildings measured by . To the north east of the main station buildings lay the station's cooling pond, where the station's circulating water was cooled by means of spray nozzles, capable of cooling 4,000,000 pounds of water per hour. This cooling system was adopted as it was cheaper than pumping water up from the nearby River Tyne which was below the level of the station. The station was also equipped with a testing pond, capable of absorbing up to 1,500 kW.
Coal was delivered to the station via the NER's North Tyneside Loop. An electric locomotive was used to convey the coal from the railway to the boiler house. The station's boiler house was equipped with four batteries of two Babcock & Wilcox boilers. Each boiler had a capacity of 1,000 horsepower and a working pressure of 200 psi. Each was fitted with superheaters and mechanical stokers and had a heating surface of 4,020 square feet, with a superheat of 100 - 120 degrees Fahrenheit. Each could evaporate 14,000 pounds of water per hour. Ash waste from the boilers was discharged into trucks.
The station initially generated electricity using four 700 kilowatt (kW) alternators, each driven by a slow-speed triple expansion marine type reciprocating engine, built by Wigham Richardson & Co. and the Wallsend Slipway & Engineering Company. The station was the first in the world to generate electricity using three-phase electrical power distribution at a voltage of 5,500 V, and the first to generate direct current at different voltages. After the opening of Carville Power Station in 1904, the voltage of transmission was raised to 6,000 V.
In 1902, two 1,500-kW Parsons steam turbine driven turbo-alternators were added to the initial equipment at the station. At the time, these were the largest three-phase steam turbine driven alternators in the world, as well as being the first of the barrel type rotary design. Results gained from the turbines influenced the Cunard Steamship Company to install steam turbines on the "Mauretania". The turbines drove 6,000 V three-phase alternators, supplying current to motor-generators and transformers in the substations attached to the distribution network. The motor-generators in the substations provided DC from the supplied AC and the transformers stepped-down the 6,000 V supply to 200 V for lighting use and 400 V for industrial use.
By 1904, there were a total of nine different generating sets operating at the power station. Sets No. 1 and 2 were DC generators driven by 300 HP two-crank compound engines running at 380 RPM, power from which supplied DC network in Wallsend and Walker. Set No. 3 was a 50 kW set used for exciting purposes only. Sets No. 4 and 5 were used as balancers and motor generators and had a combined capacity of 150 kW. Sets No. 6, 7, 8 and 9 were each driven by 1,400 HP engines and in turn each drove a 750 kW alternator. The two Parsons sets worked alongside these.
By 1912, the NESCo system, which the station was part of, was the largest integrated power system in Europe.
Operations.
Coal was delivered to Neptune Bank from the Riverside Branch of the North Eastern Railway at Tyne Pontoons signal box, about halfway between Walker and Carville stations. It was taken to the station's railway sidings using a small electric locomotive and unloaded in front of the boiler house. It was then hand-loaded into automatic stokers which fired the boilers. Removal of ash from the boilers was performed by machine.The station was badly located for sources of cooling and boiler water - it was some 60 feet above the level of the nearby River Tyne, which was also 200 feet away. The concept of a cooling tower had not yet been invented and a large but inefficient brick-built cooling pond was used.
Closure.
Following Neptune Bank's commissioning there was a rapid increase in the demand for electricity, which couldn't be met by the station, and so in 1904 NESCo commissioned Carville Power Station. Fitted entirely with steam turbine generating equipment, Carville quickly superseded Neptune Bank. Neptune Bank power station was largely out of use by 1909 after the extension of the Carville station, along with the opening of Dunston Power Station. It was decommissioned in 1915 and the site was used by NESCo as a storage facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19176448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176448" title="History of suits">
History of suits

The man's suit of clothes, in the sense of a lounge or business or office suit, is a set of garments which are crafted from the same cloth. This article discusses the history of the lounge suit, often called a business suit when made in dark colours and of conservative cut. 
The current styles were founded in a period of sartorial revolution during the early 19th century. This sharply changed the elaborately embroidered and jeweled formal clothing into the simpler clothing of the Regency period (1811-20), which gradually evolved to the stark formality of the Victorian era (1837-1901). It was in the search for more comfort that the loosening of rules gave rise in the late 19th century to the modern lounge suit.
Men's suits.
The suit is a traditional form of men's formal clothes in the Western world. For some four hundred years, suits of matching coat, trousers, and waistcoat have been in and out of fashion. The modern lounge suit's derivation is visible in the outline of the brightly coloured, elaborately crafted royal court dress of the 17th century (suit, wig, knee breeches), which was shed because of the French Revolution. This evolution is seen more recently in British tailoring's use of steam and padding in moulding woolen cloth, the rise and fall in popularity of the necktie, and the gradual disuse of waistcoats and hats in the last fifty years.
The modern lounge suit appeared in the late 19th century, but traces its origins to the simplified, sartorial standard of dress established by the English king Charles II in the 17th century. In 1666, the restored monarch, Charles II, per the example of King Louis XIV's court at Versailles, decreed that in the English Court men would wear a long coat, a waistcoat (then called "petticoat"), a cravat (a precursor of the necktie), a wig, and knee breeches (trousers), and a hat.
Regency.
In the early 19th century, British dandy Beau Brummell redefined and adapted this style, then popularised it, leading European men to wearing well-cut, tailored clothes, adorned with carefully knotted neckties. The simplicity of the new clothes and their sombre colours contrasted strongly with the extravagant, foppish styles just before. Brummell's influence introduced the modern era of men's clothing which now includes the modern suit and necktie. Moreover, he introduced a whole new era of grooming and style, including regular (daily) bathing as part of a man's toilet.
In this regency period, the predominant upper-class clothing introduced by Brummell for day wear was a tightly fitting, dark coloured tailcoat with non-matching (usually pale) trousers, pale waistcoat, white shirt and cravat and tall boots.
Victorian.
Towards the start of the Victorian period, the frock coat, initially not just black, became popular, and quickly became the standard daily clothing for gentlemen. From the middle of the 19th century, a new (then informal) coat, the morning coat, became acceptable. It was a less formal garment, with a cut away front, making it suitable for wearing while riding. Morning dress and the frock coat garments were not suits, because they were worn with trousers that didn't match in color or fabric; a matching waistcoat and trousers were considered informal and could be described using the short-lived term ditto suit. The frock coat was still the standard garment for all formal or business occasions, and a tailcoat was worn in the evenings.
Towards the end of the 19th century, the modern lounge suit was born as a very informal garment meant only to be worn for sports, in the country, or at the seaside.
Parallel to this, the dinner jacket was invented and came to be worn for informal evening events. It was descended from white tie (the dress code associated with the evening tailcoat) but quickly became a full new garment, the dinner jacket, with a new dress code, initially known as 'dress lounge' and later black tie. When it was imported to the United States, it became known as the tuxedo. The 'dress lounge' was originally worn only for small private gatherings and white tie ('White tie and tails') was still worn for large formal events. The 'dress lounge' slowly became more popular for larger events as an alternative to full evening dress in white tie.
Edwardian.
The beginning of the Edwardian era in the early 20th century brought a steady decline in the wearing of frock coats as the morning coat rose in relative formality, first becoming acceptable for businessmen, then becoming standard dress even in town. The lounge suit was slowly accepted as being correct outside its original settings, and during Edwardian times gradually began to be seen in town. While still reserved for private gatherings, usually with no ladies, black tie became more common.
In North America, the "sack suit", a cut of lounge suit, saw a large rise in popularity, and, except for the shoulders, it is unfitted, loose, and informal, as it has no darts.
Inter-war.
After the end of the first World War, most men adopted the short lounge coated suit. Long coats quickly went out of fashion for everyday wear and business, and the morning coat gained its current classification of "formal". During the 1920s, short suits were always worn except on formal occasions in the daytime, when a morning coat would be worn. Older, more conservative men continued to wear a frock coat, or "Prince Albert coat" as it was known. In America, for evening occasions, the short dinner jacket virtually replaced the long "full dress" tails, which was perceived as "old hat" and was only worn by old conservative men. In Britain, black tie became acceptable as a general informal alternative to white tie, though at the time the style and accessories of black tie were still very fluid.
In the 1920s men began wearing wide, straight-legged trousers with their suits. These trousers normally measured 23 inches around the cuff. Younger men often wore even wider-legged trousers which were known as "Oxford Bags." Trousers also began to be worn cuffed shortly after World War I and this style persisted until World War II. Trousers first began to be worn creased in the 1920s. Trousers were worn very highly waisted throughout the 1920s and this fashion remained in vogue until the 1940s. Single-breasted suits were in style throughout the 1920s and the double-breasted suit was mainly worn by older more conservative men. In the 1920s, very fashionable men would often wear double-breasted waistcoasts (with four buttons on each side) with single-breasted coats. Lapels on single-breasted suits were fashionably worn peaked and were often wide. In the early 1930s these styles continued and were often even further exaggerated.
Before 1935 (and again in the 1970s) men preferred snugly tailored coats and waistcoats. In 1935, a complete change in style occurred. Loose fitting coats were introduced, trousers began to be tapered at the bottom and suit coats began to have tapered arms. These new trends were only reluctantly accepted by men at first. At first the waistcoat continued to be made in the traditional fitted and snug style. By 1940, the waistcoat began to be made in a loose style which made it uncomfortable to wear. In fashion magazines of the day, men complained how these new vests continually rode up when they happen to sit down or bend over. Fashionable men changed their preference to the double-breasted suit coat at this time and it would remain in fashion for the next two decades.
By this time, morning dress was being replaced by day time semi-formal, known in America as the stroller. This was quite popular, but has actually been outlived by the morning coat. Since the 1950s it has been used as a black version of the lounge suit as an informal look to the dinner jacket. In modern times the black lounge suit has become popular to wear during the day.
Post-war.
Throughout the 1940s and 1950s the trend had been to simplify and modernize the suit as much as possible. For example, by the 1960s the size of the lapel had shrunk to a very small size. Suit coats were also cut as straight as possible without any indication of a waistline. Cloth rationing changed styles significantly, contributing to a large reduction in the popularity of many cuts, such as the double-breasted suit.
The "New York Times Style Magazine" explains one iconic suit of the era, the gray flannel suit:
Back in 1955, when denim was the height of rebelliousness, Sloan Wilson's novel "The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit" turned a men's classic into a synonym for drab, middle-class conformity . . . Flannel had humble beginnings — the name is reputedly derived from "gwlanen," Welsh for woolen cloth — and was used for underwear in the 19th century. In the 1880s white flannel was worn for summer sports; by the 1920s the more seasonless gray had become a favorite. When the Prince of Wales wore gray flannel trousers on his 1924 trip to America, they were aped by collegiates on both sides of the Atlantic. Cary Grant and Fred Astaire then carried the trend through to the 1940s. The archetypal square of the postwar era was later described by Esquire's style encyclopedia as "a neat, circumspect, conservative man who carried an attaché case and regarded a pink button-down shirt as his one sartorial fling."
In the late 1960s and early 1970s the Nehru jacket style was worn by a few in the United States — Johnny Carson for example.
In the 1970s, a snug-fitting suit coat became popular once again and this style permitted the return of the waistcoat. This new three-piece suit style became associated with disco music and its culture, specifically popularised by the film "Saturday Night Fever", where the tight waistcoat was basic to that fashion. The tight three-piece suit was equated with the discothèque culture. The socially conservative backlash against disco music culture ended the popularity of snug-fitting three piece suits.
In the late 1970s, several brands, most notably Haggar, started to introduce the concept of "suit separates", separately sized coats and pants allowing a man to purchase the appropriate coat and pant size. "The concept of 'Custom Fit Suits' was a Haggar innovation allowing gentlemen to purchase jackets and pants separately, by size, which eliminated the need for tailoring the pant." ' 
The 1980s saw a trend towards the simplification of the suit once again. The jacket became looser and the waistcoat was completely dispensed with. A few suit makers continued to make waistcoats, but these tended to be cut very low and often had only four buttons. The waistline on the suit coat went down again in the 1980s to a position well below the waist. By 1985-1986, three-piece suits were on the way out and making way for cut double-breasted suits and two piece single-breasted.
The early first decade of the 21st century saw the return to popularity of the three-button two-piece suit, which then went back out of fashion as the decade wore on.
Women's suits.
The earliest women's suits were riding habits, which consisted of a tailored coat or jacket and matching skirt from the 1660s. Practical and sturdy, riding habits were worn not only on horseback, but also for travel and other daytime pursuits. Jacket-and-skirt ensembles not intended for riding appeared in the later 19th century. Both riding habits and walking suits reflected the skirt and sleeve styles of the day. Until the 1910s, coat and skirt ensembles were usually described as "costumes" rather than suits, and the term "suit", as applied to such sets, was not usual until after the First World War.
In the first half of the 20th century, the skirted suit became the common daytime city costume for women, in the workplace and out; dressmaker suits featured softer fabrics and "feminine" details, and cocktail suits were worn for semi-formal occasions in mid-century. 
Under the influence of "Dress for Success", a working woman's uniform of skirted suit, tailored shirt, and floppy tie evolved in the 1970s and 1980s. Pantsuits (women's suits with trousers) were introduced by designer André Courrèges in 1964 but were only gradually accepted as formal business attire.
Influence of casual dress.
Over the past half-century, the wearing of suits has become far less common than it once was and is now usually reserved for formal and business activities. During the 1990s, many businesses in North America adopted casual dress codes, beginning with "casual Fridays" and then extending to the entire business week. The abandonment of a uniform dress code has led to considerable confusion over what is considered appropriate business wear. More recently, some businesses have reinforced the wearing of suits, although they may never again be as common as they once were. A similar trend has occurred in Europe.
Contemporary trends.
Although the man's tailored suit is commonly perceived as the ultimate conservative costume of Western culture, extravagant variations on the tailored suit have been adopted by many subcultures over the last century as a matter of fashion or social identity. As early as 1922, Emily Post addressed what she termed the "freak American suit" in her influential guide "Etiquette":
Some of the non-traditional tailored suit styles of the past century include:

</doc>
<doc id="19176456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176456" title="Wandfluehorn">
Wandfluehorn

The Wandfluehorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located between Les Haudères and Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Dent Blanche. 
While the western side is flat and covered by the Ferpècle Glacier, the eastern side consists of a 600 metres cliff named "Wandflue".

</doc>
<doc id="19176467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176467" title="Delphine Records">
Delphine Records

Delphine Records or Delphine Productions is a French record label, founded in 1976 by French composer Paul de Senneville and his partner Olivier Toussaint
History.
In 1976, Paul de Senneville set up his own record company, Delphine Productions (named after Paul's first daughter, Delphine), with Olivier Toussaint.
Delphine in one of the leading French music exporters to the world market. It is also the only company specialising in instrumental music. Nowadays, the Delphine group represent 15 companies dealing with various activities: an advertising film and clip production company, an agency for advertising and casting actors and a casting agency as well as two modelling agencies.
This Delphine is not to be confused with a small independent American record label started approximately 30 years later called Delphine Records.
Delphine Records artists.
Richard Clayderman
Nicolas de Angelis
Jean-Claude Borelly
Ocarina group
References.
http://www.delphine-artists.co.uk/
http://www.clayderman.co.uk/the_delphine_team.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19176482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176482" title="Mont Durand">
Mont Durand

Mont Durand (or Arbenhorn) is a mountain in the Swiss Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais. It is located west of the Ober Gabelhorn between the valleys of Zinal and Zmutt. The Glacier Durand flows on its northern side before reaching the larger Zinal Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="19176494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176494" title="Cappuccino (application development framework)">
Cappuccino (application development framework)

Cappuccino is an open source application development framework for developing web applications that look and feel like desktop applications on Mac OS X. Cappuccino was developed by University of Southern California graduates Francisco Tolmasky, Tom Robinson and Ross Boucher, who are also the founders of 280 North, Inc. It is primarily targeted towards web applications developers.
Cappuccino consists of two distinct components: a programming language called Objective-J and an object-oriented library which is the Objective-J port of several of the Cocoa frameworks, namely Foundation Kit, Application Kit, CoreGraphics, and CoreAnimation.
Objective-J.
Objective-J adds traditional inheritance and Smalltalk/Objective-C message calls to JavaScript. Objective-J shares the same relationship with JavaScript as Objective-C shares with C, so it is a strict superset of JavaScript. Programs written in Objective-J are almost identical to their counterpart written in Objective-C. The Objective-J compiler is written in JavaScript and programs written in Objective-J may be directly compiled on the client side (typically in the web browser) by the Objective-J compiler through the Objective-J runtime.
Features and advantages.
Even though the Cappuccino framework uses standard web technologies for web page rendering, such as JavaScript, the browser Document Object Model, and Cascading Style Sheets, it is not a classical JavaScript widget library such as ExtJs, jQuery or Prototype. Cappuccino developers never need to directly manipulate the DOM or design CSS documents. Instead, those tasks are handled by Cappuccino, permitting the application developer to focus on the implementation of application features without being distracted by specifics of the rendering mechanism. Cappuccino, being compiled directly in the web browser, is agnostic of the server-side logic. As such, Python, PHP or Ruby, for instance, may be used for the back-end logic of an application.
Compatibility.
Cappuccino is compatible with many of the latest browsers, including: Internet Explorer 7+, Firefox 2+, Safari 3+, Opera 9+, and Google Chrome.
Differences from other frameworks.
Cappuccino differs from other frameworks as it provides a complete abstraction from the DOM (Document Object Model), whereas other frameworks and libraries rely on the user understanding the DOM, and traditional web technologies. Cappuccino doesn't require previous knowledge about web technologies. Cappuccino implements the latest HTML5 features, abstracted through a Cocoa-like API. Views are manipulated using an API that doesn't require CSS or DOM manipulation.
Applications.
The first widely known web application written in Objective-J/Cappuccino was 280 Slides, an online presentation preparation system. 280 Slides features the ability to import existing documents, an autosave recovery, is able to save documents as Microsoft PowerPoint, PDF, and OpenDocument formats, and has a wide range of themes.
Since then, numerous other applications have been built on the Cappuccino framework. Notable examples include Mockingbird, a collaborative online wireframing tool, PicsEngine, a personal photo library on the web, GitHub issues, a front-end to GitHub's issues tracker, Spot Specific Apps a la Carte, an online mobile app authoring tool, Archipel, a XMPP orchestrator to manage virtualization, Akshell, a cloud-based JavaScript development platform, and R.W. Elephant, a cloud based inventory management system for rental businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="19176515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176515" title="2006 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters">
2006 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters

The 2006 Cincinnati Masters (also known as the "Western & Southern Financial Group Masters" and "Western & Southern Financial Group Women's Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 105th edition of the Cincinnati Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2006 ATP Tour, and of the Tier III Series of the 2006 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason, near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, with the men playing from August 14 through August 21, 2006, and the women from August 22 through August 29, 2006.
The men's singles were led by World No. 1, Australian Open and Wimbledon and 2006 U.S. Open champion, and 6-times Masters Series finalist in 2006, Roger Federer, French Open winner Rafael Nadal, and ATP No. 3. Other players competing included Nikolay Davydenko, David Nalbandian, Andy Murray and home favourites Andy Roddick and James Blake.

</doc>
<doc id="19176522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176522" title="IU Aurigae">
IU Aurigae

IU Aurigae is a spectroscopic binary.

</doc>
<doc id="19176548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176548" title="2005 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles">
2005 ATP Buenos Aires – Singles

Gastón Gaudio defeated Mariano Puerta 6–4, 6–4 to win the 2005 ATP Buenos Aires singles competition. Guillermo Coria was the champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="19176558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176558" title="Tadres Reserve">
Tadres Reserve

The Tadrès Total Reserve (T'adéras/Tadress) (Réserve totale de Faune du Tadrès) is a nature reserve in the central north of the African nation of Niger, southwest the city of Agadez. It is a Total Faunal Reserve IUCN type IV, covering some 788,928 hectares within the Agadez Region. The reserve follows the northeast - southwest flow of the Tadrès valley, a Kori or seasonal wash and ancient river bed south of the Aïr Mountains. It was originally dedicated to the protection of Oryx populations which have largely disappeared from the region. In the 1940s, the valley was an important migration route for the animals from the Tenere desert to the Adar in the south of the country. It remains a transhumance route for domesticated cattle and camels, as well as wild Dorcas and Ménas Gazelles

</doc>
<doc id="19176561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176561" title="Massimo Franciosa">
Massimo Franciosa

Massimo Franciosa (23 July 1924 – 30 March 1998) was an Italian screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 72 films between 1955 and 1991. He also directed nine films between 1963 and 1971. He was nominated for an Oscar for Best Screenplay for "The Four Days of Naples" in 1964.
He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19176592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176592" title="The Three Sketchys">
The Three Sketchys

The Three Sketchys (1999-2005) is an anthology released by Jonah Matranga containing the contents of three albums (Sketchy EP #1 by Onelinedrawing, Sketchy EP #2 by Onelinedrawing, and Sketchy EP #3 by Jonah Matranga) along with a bonus track: a new mix of "The Big Parade".
The recordings span 1999–2005 and are described by the artist as a collection of "homemade" tracks spanning several years. The release dates of the three included EPs are:
The remaining track is a bonus track only available on the anthology, which is an alternate mix of "The Big Parade," a song appearing originally on Sketchy EP #2 by Onelinedrawing.
It was released in 2006 by OLD Records, a self-managed label by Jonah Matranga and is available through his website at jonahmatranga.com along with other items, including the original Sketchy EP #2.

</doc>
<doc id="19176602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176602" title="Double mass analysis">
Double mass analysis

Double mass analysis is a commonly used data analysis approach for investigating the behaviour of records made of hydrological or meteorological data at a number of locations. It is used to determine whether there is a need for corrections to the data to account for changes in data collection procedures or other local conditions. Such changes may result from a variety of things including changes in instrumentation, changes in observation procedures, or changes in gauge location or surrounding conditions. Double mass analysis for checking consistency of a hydrological or meteorological record is considered to be an essential tool before taking it for analysis purpose. This method is based on the hypothesis that each item of the recorded data of a population is consistent.
An example of a double mass analysis is a "double mass plot", or "double mass curve". For this, points and/or a joining line are plotted where the x- and y- coordinates are determined by the running totals of the values observed at two stations. If both stations are affected to the same extent by the same trends then a double mass curve should follow a straight line. A break in the slope of the curve would indicate that conditions have changed at one location but not at another.
This technique is based on the principle that when each recorded data comes from the same parent population, they are consistent.

</doc>
<doc id="19176626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176626" title="Bad Girlfriend">
Bad Girlfriend

"Bad Girlfriend" is the second single released by Theory of a Deadman from their album "Scars & Souvenirs". It was released to radio and for downloads on May 14, 2008. In the U.S., "Bad Girlfriend" was the most added song on rock radio and grew quickly in plays and downloads, therefore making a debut on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. It debuted at #89 on the Canadian Hot 100, and quickly arose to peak at #1. It is currently their most successful single in the U.S, with "So Happy", the single before it, being their previous most successful, making "Scars & Souvenirs" their most successful album as well. The song was co-written by Christine Connolly. The song is Theory's second big breakthrough from this album, carrying the band to the top of the Mainstream Rock Charts within 14 weeks. It is also the band's second song to reach the top 20 of the Modern Rock Chart, so far peaking at #8. So far, it been their fourth top 10 hit on the Mainstream Rock Charts. Almost a year and a half after the release of "Bad Girlfriend" to rock radio, it is being released to mainstream radio in December, as Sirius Hits 1 added the song in November 2008.
Song meaning.
The song is about Tyler Connolly's wife, the actress Christine Danielle, who makes him feel very protective of her because she is attractive and always has other guys hitting on her, as the band stated in an interview with Fuse.
Music video.
The uncensored version of the music video was released on July 18, 2008. A censored version of the video came out later in early August. This video reached #21 on the MuchMusic Countdown. The video shows a girl leaving for work, presumably at a hospital, leaving her boyfriend a note about how she's working the late shift. The band sings a song at a strip club, and are shown watching the strippers on stage. They're surprised when one of their girlfriends comes out, stripping and inviting him on stage.
Charts.
"Bad Girlfriend" entered the Mainstream Rock Tracks at #30 on the week of June 14, 2008, previously being the most added song on that chart, and later debuted on the Modern Rock Tracks. On the week of September 27, 2008, "Bad Girlfriend" entered the Billboard Hot 100 at #98, and dropped off the next week. A week after, it re-entered at #90, and has since climbed to #75. Since the song was later released to pop radio, "Bad Girlfriend" re-entered once again at #100 on the week of December 13, 2008, and has so far climbed to #89.

</doc>
<doc id="19176677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176677" title="Mélanie Thierry">
Mélanie Thierry

Mélanie Thierry (born 17 July 1981 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Yvelines) is a French actress best known to international audiences for her role as Aurora in the 2008 film "Babylon A.D."
Biography.
Mélanie Thierry began her ascent to fame as a sought-after child and teen model in France, then moved into acting. She began with a series of roles in French productions, choosing her parts carefully as most of them were critically acclaimed. Not long thereafter, the actress scored an international crossover hit at age 18 as the love interest of ship-bound Danny Boodman T.D. Lemon 1900 in "The Legend of 1900". She also appeared opposite Rufus Sewell in two episodes of the popular BBC costume drama , playing the king's French mistress Louise de Kérouaille.
Thierry made her Hollywood debut in the 2008 film "Babylon A.D.", as Aurora.
Personal life.
Thierry has a son named Roman, born 24 May 2008 with long-term partner Raphaël Haroche.

</doc>
<doc id="19176680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176680" title="Symmorium">
Symmorium

Symmorium is an extinct genus of stethacanthid shark.

</doc>
<doc id="19176685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176685" title="Dejan Stankovic (beach soccer)">
Dejan Stankovic (beach soccer)

Dejan Stankovic (; born 25 August 1985) better known as Stankovic is a Swiss beach soccer player of Serbian origin. He plays in forward position.

</doc>
<doc id="19176690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176690" title="Georgian National Olympic Committee">
Georgian National Olympic Committee

The Georgian National Olympic Committee (GNOC) (, "sak'art'velos erovnuli olimpiuri komiteti") is a Georgian national constituent of the worldwide Olympic movement. It is an umbrella organization for 12 regional bodies, the Georgian Olympic Academy, the Georgian Olympians’ Association, and the Olympic Museum. 
The GNOC was established on October 6, 1989 and gained a preliminary and a full recognition from the International Olympic Committee on March 9, 1992 and September 23, 1993, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19176701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176701" title="Ken Chisholm">
Ken Chisholm

Kenneth Chisholm (born 12 April 1925 at Glasgow, died 1990) was a Scottish footballer who played for a number of teams in The Football League and the Scottish Football League as a forward.
Club career.
He began his professional footballing career at Queens Park before moving to Partick Thistle in 1946 where he made 34 appearances and scored 13 goals. He then moved to Leeds United where he played from 1948 to 1949 scoring 17 goals in 40 appearances. Leicester City was his next move as he signed for the Foxes in 1949 and went on to make 42 appearances scoring 17 goals.
Chisholm made the switch to Midlands rivals Coventry City in 1950, he made 68 appearances and scored 34 goals for the club before transferring to Cardiff City in March 1952. He made his debut in a 6-1 defeat against Sheffield United but went on to score 8 times in the last 11 games of the season to help secure promotion for the club. He finished as top scorer in his first season and shared top league scorer with Wilf Grant the following season, netting his only hattrick for the club in October 1953 in a 5-0 victory over Charlton Athletic. Chisholm left the Cardiff to sign for Sunderland and made his debut for them on 1 January 1954 against Aston Villa in a 2–0 win at Roker Park where he also scored a goal. At his time at the club he made 78 league appearances scoring 33 goals. He finished his career with Workington in 1956, before a short spell at Glentoran just before his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="19176715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176715" title="Requiem Canticles (disambiguation)">
Requiem Canticles (disambiguation)

Requiem Canticles can refer to the following ballets: 

</doc>
<doc id="19176731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176731" title="La púrpura de la rosa">
La púrpura de la rosa

La púrpura de la rosa ("The Blood of the Rose") is an opera in one act, composed by Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco to a Spanish libretto by Pedro Calderón de la Barca, the last great writer of the Spanish Golden Age. 
It is the first known opera to be composed and performed in the Americas and is Torrejón y Velasco's only surviving opera. "La púrpura de la rosa" was first performed in Lima in 1701 to celebrate the 18th birthday of Philip V and the first anniversary of his succession to the Spanish throne. The libretto, in polymetric verse and filled with lush mythological imagery, is a re-telling of the Ovidian tale of the loves of Venus and Adonis. Torrejón y Velasco was not the first to use Calderón's libretto. Juan Hidalgo de Polanco, composer and master of music at the court of Madrid, had previously used the text for a theatrical pageant in honor of the marriage of Louis XIV and Maria Teresa of Spain in 1660. With its erotic poetry and music, the Hidalgo version was very popular at the Spanish court and had several revivals.
Performance history.
The Viceroy of Peru, Don Melchor Portocarrero y Lasso de la Vega, instructed Torrejón to compose a piece of dramatic music for the colony's celebration of King Philip V's 18th birthday and the first anniversary of his succession to the throne. "La púrpura de la rosa" was chosen as the subject. The work premiered on 19 October 1701 in the Palace of the Viceroy, Lima. The opera was revived in 1707, 1708, and 1731 in Peru and somewhat later in Mexico and has had several performances in modern times. 
Its US premiere took place at Rosary College outside Chicago on 26 June 1992 in a production by the Baroque music ensemble Ars Musica Chicago. (Andrew Schultze, director & musicologist; Stephen Blackwelder, music director; Kate Lanham, choreographer) and soon thereafter at the Aveda Institute in Minneapolis on 28 October 1994 in a production by the baroque ensemble Ex Machina. (James Middleton, director; Bob Skiba, choreographer; Barbara Weiss, music director; Louise Stein, musicologist/adviser). 
In May 1999 it was performed at the Buskirk-Chumley Theatre in Bloomington, Indiana, as part of the Bloomington Early Music Festival and in partnership with Indiana University's Latin American Music Center and the Bloomington Area Arts Council (James Middleton, stage direction; Bernardo Illari, music edition and direction). 
In October 1999, there were performances at Le Bâtiment des Forces Motrices in Geneva and in Santiago, Chile. The Santiago performance by the ensemble Syntagma Musicum (conducted by Alejandro Reyes) marked the 150th anniversary of the Universidad de Santiago de Chile. The opera was also performed at the Teatro de la Zarzuela in Madrid in November 1999 in a co-production by the Teatro de La Zarzuela and the Grand Théâtre de Genève. (Óscar Araiz, director and choreographer; Gabriel Garrido, conductor). "La púrpura de la rosa" received its British stage premiere at the University of Sheffield Drama Studio on 27 February 2003, conducted and directed by Andrew Lawrence-King. The production received two more performances in Sheffield before touring to Manchester, Nottingham, Galway, and Dublin.
On 26 September 2013, "La Purpura de la rosa" received its Israeli premiere at the Abu Gosh Festival performed by Ensemble PHOENIX on period instruments and its vocal branch VOCE PHOENIX, conducted from the viola da gamba by Myrna Herzog, with staging by Regina Alexandrovskaya.
Synopsis.
The opera is preceded by an allegorical paen to Philip V, emphasizing his goodness and justice. In Apollo's Temple on Mount Parnassus, the Muses Calliope, Terpsichore and Urania, the personifications of Time (Tiempo) and Spain (España), and a chorus of the remaining six Muses sing to the glory of Spain and its new king. The paen ends with:
"¡Viva Filipo, viva!<br>
"¡Viva el sucesor del imperio<br>
"que, puesto a sus plantas,<br>
"seguro afianza<br>
"su eterno blasón!
The ensuing opera recounts the love between Venus and Adonis, the jealousy of Mars, and his desire for revenge.
The drama opens in a forest where Venus has been hunting. Her nymphs rush onstage, crying that she is being chased by a wild boar. Adonis rushes to her aid. Venus faints in his arms as he carries her on-stage. When she recovers, Adonis learns her true identity. He explains that the incestuous circumstances of his birth have made him renounce love forever and that he must flee from her. As Venus starts to pursue Adonis, her lover, Marte, appears and questions her. Dissatisfied with her answers, he then interrogates her nymphs, eventually frightening one of them into describing Venus' rescue by Adonis. Belona, Marte's sister, arrives on Iris's rainbow and summons him to combat to distract him from his jealousy.
The peasants, Chato and Celfa, joke about marriage but are interrupted by a chorus of peasants exclaiming that the wild boar is on the loose. Adonis pursues the boar, but then tires and lies down to rest. Venus comes upon the sleeping Adonis and torn by the humiliation of having fainted in his arms and her growing desire for him, she dismisses her nymphs. She calls on Amor to help her and tells him about Adonis's renunciation of love. Amor shoots the sleeping Adonis in the heart with one of his golden arrows, infusing him with desire. When Adonis awakens, he is surprised to find Venus watching him, and sings of his terrible dream about a wild boar, a dream which foreshadows his death. Adonis praises Venus's beauty and confesses his attraction to her. Venus is unable to tear herself away from Adonis, and they reveal their mutual desire. Venus enters her garden of delights and Adonis follows her, welcomed by Celfa, Chato, and the nymphs. 
The next scene finds Marte, Belona, Dragón and Belona's soldiers at the foot of a mountain. Marte is still jealous and distracted. Belona and Dragón try to humor him. Meanwhile, Amor is sneaking around in disguise, spying on Marte. He is eventually discovered hiding in the bushes and interrogated by Marte, who fails to recognize him, but is suspicious of his riddles about love. When Marte orders the soldiers to capture him, Amor escapes into a cleft in the mountain. The cleft then opens revealing the Prison of Jealousy. Shackled inside, is Desengaño (Disillusion), an old man dressed in animal skins. Marte and Dragón fearfully enter the grotto and find the masked personifications of Fear, Suspicion, Envy, Anger, and Bitterness. Desengaño and the masked figures warn Marte that when love is pursued it turns into disillusion. Desengaño holds up a magic mirror in which Marte sees Venus and Adonis embracing. Unable to face the truth, Marte runs away. There is a sudden earthquake, and the allegorical figures, the vision in the mirror, and the grotto all disappear.
In Venus's garden, Venus and Adonis delight in their illicit love. Adonis reclines in Venus's lap, while Chato, Celfa, and the nymphs, sing to the couple. Amor arrives and warns them of Marte's anger. Venus tells Adonis to return to the forest and plots to subdue Marte. When Marte arrives, the songs of the nymphs and vapors from the garden's fountains induce him to languor. Belona enters bringing a chorus of soldiers to counteract the spell cast by the nymphs' singing. Revived by the soldiers' songs, Marte heads for the forest looking for Adonis, who is again chasing the wild boar that had alarmed the peasants. Dragging Chato and Celfa off with him, Marte orders Dragón to tie them to a tree. Marte commands Megera, one of the Furies, to make the boar especially vicious, so that Adonis will die. Chato, Celfa, and Dragón have a comic argument about bullies and neglectful husbands, culminating with Dragón beating Celfa as Chato cheers him on.
In the forest, Adonis has been mortally wounded by the boar. Venus hears his cries and rushes to the scene. Seeing the distraught goddess with her hair loose, half naked, and her hands bloodstained, Belona is moved to pity and sings a lament. She and the nymph, Libia, try to convince Venus not to look at Adonis' body. The chorus describes how the blood of Adonis is turning the white roses around him red. Venus calls upon the gods with a lament. Marte cruelly describes the death of Adonis to Venus, and reveals his bloody body lying among the roses. Venus laments and faints. Amor then appears from the sky to announce that Jupiter has been moved by the plight of the lovers and will elevate them together to Mount Olympus – Adonis in the form of a flower (an anemone) and Venus as the Evening Star. Marte, Venus, Adonis, and Belona all comment, and as the sun sets, Venus and Adonis ascend to the heavens.
Music.
Until recently, there were only two surviving original scores of Torrejón's opera, one at the Biblioteca Nacional del Perú in Lima and the other at the Bodleian Library at Oxford University in England. Musicologist Robert Stevenson made a study and transcription of the score in Lima which was published in 1976. The Oxford score was used for a 1990 publication edited by Ángeles Cardona, Don Cruickshank, and Martín Cunningham which was published by Kassel. The two scores, although largely uniform, are not exactly identical. For example, a large portion of the music for the vivacious jácaras in Venus's garden is missing from the Lima copy but appears in its entirety in the copy at Oxford (beginning at lines 1570, measure 2847 of the Kassel edition). Recent revivals of the opera have used both scores, adding music that may not be found in the other edition, in an attempt to create what may have been heard in 1701. 
A third copy was recently found in Cusco. For the PHOENIX performances in Israel, Myrna Herzog used a critical study of the transcribed versions and manuscripts of Lima and Cusco, made by Dr. Diana Fernandez Calvo within the research project of the UCA.
The music by Torrejón conserves much of the character and the idiosyncracies contained in the comedies of Calderón as previously set by Juan Hidalgo. It is speculated that Torrejón may have been one of Hidalgo's pupils and that his work was possibly a source of inspiration for Torrejón in the composition of his own version. The score makes use of a variety of Spanish song types and Latin American musical influences, incorporating Latin American melodies and rhythms into the overall European dramatic and harmonic structure. The erotic nature of the text is heightened by the use of dance rhythms, musical repetitions, and sensual lyrical lines. The ornamental writing is also used deftly to emphasize the drama of the text. The exact instrumentation has not been found in Torrejón y Velasco's surviving original scores. However, the scores of other late seventeenth century musical plays in Spain suggest that the instruments would include harps, guitars, viols, violins, clarino and regular trumpets, drums, and castanets.
Torrejón set to music most of Calderón's text, but not all of it. He cut half of the sixth scene: there a spell is cast upon Mars through the songs of the nymphs and vapors from the fountains of Venus' garden, inducing him to languor; the spell is counteracted by Belona and a chorus of soldiers, reviving Mars who heads for the forest looking for Adonis. In fact the scene is not necessary for the coherence of the plot, and the omission goes unnoticed by the common listener. Some modern performances (King, Garrido), nevertheless, recreated the cut scene, providing music for it.
Recordings.
Torrejón y Velasco: "La púrpura de la rosa " - The Harp Consort 
Torrejón y Velasco: "La púrpura de la rosa " - Clemencic Consort and La Capella Vocal Ensemble
Torrejón y Velasco: "La púrpura de la rosa " - Ensemble Elyma, Madrigalists and chorus of the Teatro de la Zarzuela

</doc>
<doc id="19176739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176739" title="Bushra Gohar">
Bushra Gohar

Bushra Gohar, (Urdu: بشرا گوہر; born 5 May 1961), is a Pakistani stateswoman, public intellectual and one of leading woman politician. She is currently serving as the Senior Vice-President of the Awami National Party, a Pakhtun ethnic gang, as well as Chairman of the Standing Committee on Women’s Development and a senior member on Standing Committee on Foreign, Finance, and Kashmir Affairs.
Biography.
Bushra Gohar is the Central Vice President of the Awami National Party (ANP), Pakistan and was elected as a Member of Parliament on reserved seats for women in the Pakistan’s 2008 National elections. She was Selected as the chair of the National Assembly’s Standing Committee on Women’s Development in 2009 and is a member of the Working Council of the Women Parliamentary Caucus. She was also a member of the National Assembly’s Standing Committees on Finance and Revenue and Interior .
Ms. Gohar has a Master of Science in Human Resources Management from USA, with over 19 years experience in policy design, development design and plans, projects evaluation and in implementing human rights and development programmes in Pakistan and the region. She has been a member of the National Commission on the Status of Women (NCSW), National Council on Social Welfare, Chair of the South Asia Partnership-International (SAP-I), Regional and Global Vice President of the International Council of Social Welfare (ICSW) and a member of a number of Provincial and Federal Government’s advisory committees on women and children’s rights. She has represented the civil society and the Government of Pakistan in the United Nations and other International forums on several occasions. During the course of her professional career, Ms. Gohar has had the opportunity to work with a number of local and International NGOs and donor agencies on a number of large multi-sector projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19176750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176750" title="The Knife That Killed Me">
The Knife That Killed Me

The Knife That Killed Me is a young adult novel by Anthony McGowan, published in 2008. It has been shortlisted for the Booktrust Teenage Prize, longlisted for the Guardian Award and longlisted for the Manchester Book Award.
Plot summary.
"The Knife that Killed Me" is a novel which follows a teenager, Paul Varderman, as he tries to fit in with a group in his school.
At the beginning of the book, he is a loner, looking into the groups from the outside. A series of events in which he stands up for members of a group known as "The Freaks" lead to him becoming included by them. "The Freaks" are different from the other groups as they do not live under the rule of the school thug, Roth.
As Paul becomes more involved with "The Freaks", he also begins to become influenced by Roth. Roth uses Paul as a messenger between himself and a rival school and gives him a knife. The relationship between the two schools develops, with Roth leading the way to war between them.

</doc>
<doc id="19176795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176795" title="Abbey (Barking and Dagenham ward)">
Abbey (Barking and Dagenham ward)

Abbey is a political division returning three Councillors to the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham. At the 2006 election Jeanne Alexander, Graham Bramley, and Mohammed Fani all of the Labour Party (UK) were elected for a four year term in office. The population in was .

</doc>
<doc id="19176819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176819" title="Anne Hudson">
Anne Hudson

Anne Hudson (born in Bowling Green, Kentucky) is a television and radio personality in Austin, Texas. Hudson is currently the Lifestyle reporter for Your News Now and the Morning Show Host of Mosser and Hudson Mornings on 98.1 KVET-FM in Austin, Texas. 
Hudson was a host on Music and Entertainment Television, the afternoon traffic reporter for Clear Channel Austin Cluster (KVET-FM, KHFI, KASE-FM, KPEZ, KVET, KFMK), and the Mid-Day show host on Gap Broadcasting station KIXS 108 in Victoria, Texas. Anne hosted Music Fest Host in 2007, 2008, and 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 in Steamboat Springs, CO. Also voted the #10 Best Radio Personality in Austin 2006 by the Austin Chronicle at The Austin Music Awards. March 1, 2009 ranked 3rd on PopCrunch.com's "The 50 Hottest Women of Radio" list.
Education.
Hudson graduated from McCullough High School in 1995. Hudson attended Texas Tech University and graduated in 1999 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in broadcast journalism.
Personal life.
Anne is married to singer/songwriter Fred Andrews of Honeybrowne, and is the sister of American Idol semi-finalist Will Makar.

</doc>
<doc id="19176822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176822" title="The Knife of Never Letting Go">
The Knife of Never Letting Go

The Knife of Never Letting Go is a young-adult novel by Patrick Ness, published by Walker Books in May 2008. It inaugurated the "Chaos Walking" series, was celebrated by critics, and won annual awards including the Booktrust Teenage Prize, the Guardian Award, and the James Tiptree, Jr. Award.
"The Knife" was Ness's first work for children or young adults. According to "The Guardian"'s coverage of its award, "He turned to children's fiction after he had the idea for a world where it is impossible to escape information overload, and knew it was right for teenagers."
Plot summary.
Todd Hewitt is the only boy left in Prentisstown, a small settlement on 'New World' where all boys become men at the age of 13 when on earth he is 14. He begins the novel oblivious to Prentisstown’s history, having been told that all women and half the men have been killed by a ‘germ’ released by the native species on his planet known as the Spackle. As a side effect of this germ, the remaining men in Prentisstown can hear each other's thoughts, described as an ever-present cascade of ‘Noise’.
Todd, however, is soon forced to learn the truth. Ben and Cillian, his adoptive parents, have been planning his escape for the past eleven years. When Manchee, Todd's dog (which was a present from Cillian on his 12th birthday), spills them out, Todd is forced to tell them of a spot of moving silence in the Noise; the two men immediately force him to leave Prentisstown. Todd unwillingly obeys, taking with him a rucksack Ben has prepared containing Todd’s deceased mother’s diary. Ben then proceeds to give him his hunting knife when they part ways.
He follows a map through the swamp. Whilst Todd is escaping, they are attacked by the town preacher, Aaron, who has recently been provoking Todd in physical and mental fights. 
However, after Aaron is attacked by crocodiles, Todd and Manchee manage to escape him, Todd comes across the spot of silence and meets the girl who is causing the silence. She says nothing but leads him through the swamp to her scout ship, where her parents’ bodies are half buried. It is apparent that she has crash-landed on New World. They begin traveling together.
During their journey, Todd realizes that he, infected with the germ, might transmit the germ to the girl and kill her. She hears this in his Noise and flees, but he pursues her until they both encounter Aaron and men from Prentisstown who are tracking them. The girl eventually saves them both and tells Todd her name, Viola.
After their escape, Todd and Viola are found by a woman. She tells Todd that the 'germ' is not fatal for women and in fact does not affect them at all. She then takes the two to her settlement. At nightfall, an army of men from Prentisstown arrives and burns down the town, killing all those who will not join them. Todd and Viola escape and flee for the most technologically advanced settlement on New World, Haven, where there maybe be a cure for Noise and a transmitter tower to contact Viola's people still in space.
After a few days, the Mayor’s son, Prentiss Jr., finds them. Todd tries to kill him but discovers he cannot. Instead, Todd ties up the Mayor’s son before heading off for Haven with Viola.
During this trip, they find a live Spackle. Todd is shocked, since he had believed that all Spackle had been killed in the war. Having grown up hearing terrible stories of the Spackle, Todd leaps at the Spackle and kills it, but is greatly disturbed by the Spackle's fear and the blood.
Aaron, now disfigured after being attacked by crocodiles, finds them. Aaron stabs Todd, and kidnaps Viola. Several hours later, Todd wakes up and hurriedly goes after Aaron, although his stab wound becomes infected and sickens him. Todd rescues Viola, by choosing to sacrifice his dog Manchee. The pair escape on a boat, where Todd collapses from his shock.
When he wakes up, Todd insists on a walk and surprisingly encounters Ben. Ben explains the truth: the Noise germ was a natural part of the planet, not an attack by the Spackle. The men of Prentisstown, driven mad by Noise and resenting the women's ability to remain silent, killed the women and were subsequently banished from the rest of the world for this crime. The boys were supposed to learn a "version of the truth" on their thirteenth birthday. This is why Todd has been sent away - he could only be accepted by the rest of the world if his thoughts were wholly innocent.
Ben, Todd, and Viola continue toward Haven, but Prentiss Jr. finds them again. Ben distracts him to allow Todd and Viola to run, but then the two run into Aaron. Aaron corners them in a cavern near a waterfall.
Todd then realizes that the boys of Prentisstown become 'men' by killing someone upon turning thirteen. Aaron thinks of himself as a symbolic sacrifice for the 'last boy' in Prentisstown and tries to provoke Todd into killing him. Instead, Viola kills Aaron. She explains that this way, Todd does not let the Prentisstown ritual have power over him.
Prentiss Jr. again intercepts the pair on their way to Haven and shoots Viola through her stomach. Todd escapes him and carries Viola to Haven to try to find help. However, Mayor Prentiss is already there to greet them; Haven having surrendered without a fight, the Mayor to declares himself President of New World. Through his despair, Todd realizes that he can not hear the Mayor's Noise.
Setting.
"The Knife of Never Letting Go" is set on a planet that has been colonised by a small group of Christian settlers from "Old World", in a town nearby a swamp. It is disputed whether or not "Old World" refers to Earth, as Viola refers to soil as 'earth' in the sequel "The Ask and the Answer". Although the settlers have some high technology, they are mostly subsistence farmers. The rural setting has been compared to the worlds of the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" and "The Night of the Hunter".
Reception.
"The Knife of Never Letting Go" has received greatly positive reviews.
Ian Chipman from "Booklist" gave the novel a starred review, praising the “pure inventiveness and excitement” of Ness’ narrative, and supporting the book’s characters, adding that “the cliffhanger ending is as effective as a shot to the gut”.
Frank Cottrell-Boyce, writing for "The Guardian", praised the novel's opening, and added that the rest of the book "lives up to the thrill of that first sentence". "The Sunday Telegraph" also praised the book, calling it “furiously paced, terrifying, exhilarating and heartbreaking”, labelling it as a book that “haunts your imagination”. "The Times" called it “a stunning debut” and “as compelling as it is original”.
Similarly, Nicholas Tucker of "The Independent" wrote that "The Knife of Never Letting Go" "sets a high standard”, while the "Chicago Tribune" labelled the novel as “a read-alone, stay-up-way-too-late book”.
Film adaptation.
In 2011, Lionsgate Entertainment bought the rights to adapt the "Chaos Walking" trilogy for film. The president of Lionsgate, Joe Drake, said the decision was made because "a sense of urgency and momentum permeates these stories- it makes the books ones you can't put down, and will make the movies ones you can't miss on the big screen."

</doc>
<doc id="19176836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176836" title="National Archives of Japan">
National Archives of Japan

In accordance with the National Archives Law No.79 (1999), the core function of preserving "government documents and records of importance as historical materials" includes all material relating to (1) decision-making on important items of national policies, and (2) processes of deliberation, discussion, or consultation prior to reaching any decision-making, and the process of enforcing policies based on decisions made. The transfer of what are deemed historically important materials from the various ministries and agencies is carried out on a regular basis in accordance with the Transfer Plan prepared and revised by the Prime Minister for each fiscal year. Preservation, restoration cataloging, microfilming and digitization are all important aspects of the archive's responsibilities. However, the National Archives is in the process of becoming something more than simply a historical repository, because it is also a complex of structures, processes, and epistemologies which are situated at a critical point of the intersection between scholarship, cultural practices, politics, and technologies.
History.
Since the Meiji Period (1868–1912) administrative documents had been preserved respectively by each government ministry. A library for the cabinet of the early Meiji government was established in 1873; and in 1885, this became the Cabinet Library ("Naikaku Bunko"), which evolved as the nation's leading specialized library of ancient Japanese and Chinese classical books and materials. The Cabinet Library's collection included government records of the Edo period and the Tokugawa shogunate (1603–1867) and other material. These collections are an important element of the archive's core holdings.
In November 1959 the President of the Science Council of Japan issued a recommendation establishing a National Archives to prevent scattering and loss of official documents and to facilitate public access. In July 1971, the newly created Archives began receiving, assessing, and cataloging government documents and records of importance as historical materials; and also, the Archives focused on the conceptually distinct program designed to encourage wider interest by mounting exhibitions and fostering research.
In July 1998, the Tsukuba Annex ("Tsukuba Gakuen Toshiwas") was established in Ibaraki Prefecture in order to expand and improve the storage of archival materials.
A Cabinet resolution in 1999 led to the creation of the , which opened in November 2001. The center digitizes data from various national institutions, such as the National Archives, Diplomatic Record Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the Military Archives of the National Institute for Defense Studies of the Japan Defense Agency, and provides the digital data through the Internet.
Independent Administrative Institution.
The National Archives became an Independent Administrative Institution on April 1, 2001, when an Act amending part of the National Archives Law came into effect. Archival responsibilities include managing public access to stored records, and overseeing the collection as it grows and develops and preservation protocols.
The enhanced independence of the archives was designed to help further its institutional focus on measures for the proper conservation of historical materials.
On-line access.
The National Archives website provides information about the archives and catalog data which allow the holdings to be searched online. The site offers English and Japanese versions, the holdings themselves are, of course, mainly in Japanese. The website facilitates access to brief descriptions and some images of documents, books, and cultural properties. The Digital Gallery may be searched using keywords or various categories, opening access to digitised images of scrolls; maps; photographs; drawings; posters; and documents. English summaries of publications from the National Archives (journal and annual report) are available for downloading from the site.
From April 2005, the digital archive system in this website has provided high-resolution pictures of a range of holdings, including the materials designated as Important Cultural Properties of Japan. The collections in the National Archives provide tangible evidence of memory for individuals, communities, and the state; and the archives are integral in a process of defining memory institutionally within Japan's prevailing political systems and cultural norms.
The National Archives has evolved as a model for developing prefectural and municipal archival collections—some of which predate the establishment of the national institution. In these smaller institutions, similar activities of preservation, restoration, cataloging, microfilming and digitization are evolving. For example, the Digital Gallery includes digitized photos of the stack room for official documents in Shiga Prefecture in 1924. These images were appended to a report submitted by the prefectural governor to the chief of the cabinet secretariat in November of that year. Shiga's governor was describing the progress of work intended to modernize standards and procedures for compiling and storing of written records, which was expected to produce improved efficiencies in administrative services.

</doc>
<doc id="19176841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176841" title="Olof Palme Street">
Olof Palme Street

The name Olof Palme Street may refer to the following streets named after the assassinated Swedish Prime Minister, Olof Palme:
The first street was renamed on April 23, 1986, in Stockholm. It was the former street Tunnelgatan that crossed Sveavägen that was renamed. It was in that very crossing that Palme was shot on 28 February 1986.
See the Memorials section List of Olof Palme memorials for more information.

</doc>
<doc id="19176858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176858" title="Stephen Douglas (disambiguation)">
Stephen Douglas (disambiguation)

Stephen A. Douglas (1813-1861) was an American politician.
Stephen or Steven Douglas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19176877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176877" title="Stella Weaver">
Stella Weaver

Stella Boniface Weaver (1856 – June 3, 1936) was a stage actress from Richmond, Virginia. In the late 1870s and 1880s she was an important
member of the company of Lester Wallack, at 13th Street and Broadway (Manhattan). She appeared in Wallack productions of "False Shame" (1877), "The School For Scandal" (1878), "Our Club" (1878), and "My Son" (1878).
Stage career.
The daughter of George C. Boniface, Weaver went on stage as a youth. Her fellow actors included Sol Smith Russell, John Edward McCullough, John T. Raymond, and Lawrence Barrett. In 1878 Weaver teamed with Charles Coghlen, Rose Coghlen, and John Gibbs Gilbert in "The Snowball". The same year she was featured in "Our Girls" by H.J. Byron and appeared with Maurice Barrymore in a revival of "The Shaughraun". She acted with
Gilbert, Wallack, and Emily Rigl in an original production of "A Child of the State". She supported Wallack in "My Awful Dad", somewhat later. At Harrigan's Park Theatre, later renamed the Herald Square Theatre, Weaver was in "Old Levender" with Edward Harrigan. She played in a rendition of "Ben Hur" produced by Klaw and Erlanger and a staging of "The First Year", produced by John Golden.
Death.
She died at the Home For Incurables in 1936. For many years she resided at the Percy Williams Home on Long Island. Weaver was survived by a sister, Mrs. Horace McVicker. She had a private funeral and is buried in Fairview Cemetery, in Red Bank, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19176894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176894" title="Requiem Canticles (Balanchine)">
Requiem Canticles (Balanchine)

Requiem Canticles is a ballet made by New York City Ballet co-founder and balletmaster George Balanchine to eponymous music from 1966 by Igor Stravinsky "in memoriam" Martin Luther King, Jr. It received a single performance on May 2, 1968, at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, conducted by Robert Irving with Margaret Wilson, contralto, and John Ostendorf, bass. Costumes and candelabra were by Rouben Ter-Arutunian and lighting by Ronald Bates, the corps de ballet in long white robes bearing a three-branched candelabra. A lone woman searches among them and at the end a figure in purple representing Martin Luther King, Jr., is raised aloft.

</doc>
<doc id="19176926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176926" title="Dallol Bosso">
Dallol Bosso

The Dallol Bosso (Zarma: '"Boboye") is one of two major seasonal river valleys in southwest Niger. The Dallol Bosso valley runs from the Azawagh area in the Sahara west and south through the Dosso Region where it reaches the Niger River valley.
Human habitation.
"Dallol" is the Djerma language equivalent of the Arabic Wadi or the Hausa Kori: an ancient river valley which carries surface water in the rainy season, but maintains subsurface water at other times, making it a magnet for human habitation. It has historically been a center of the Djerma people of Niger. Its sections are known by a number of local names, including Dallol Boboy near its mouth and Dallol Azawak in its northern sections.
Course.
The valley spreads out as the Azawagh depression on the western shadow of the Aïr Mountains, contracting and feeding a handful of valleys which once carried ancient tributaries of the Niger. Dallol Bosso runs some , ranging between across. Its western escarpment runs along a geological fault near where it reaches the Niger.

</doc>
<doc id="19176950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176950" title="Triumph Thunderbird 900">
Triumph Thunderbird 900

The Triumph Thunderbird 900 is a British motorcycle that was manufactured between 1995 and 2004 by Triumph Motorcycles at the Hinckley factory. Launched in 1995, the Triumph Thunderbird 900 was styled to create the impression of an air-cooled triple although the radiator up front shows it is clearly a liquid-cooled machine. Fed by three 36 mm flat slide carburettors, the engine was lively and could lead to trouble stopping with just a single disc front and back. The swinging arm was upgraded to an oval section in 1996 and in 1997 chrome radiator end covers and grill were provided as standard. In 1998 a 'king and queen' seat was added, 
Several variants were produced, namely the Triumph Legend TT, Triumph Adventurer 900 and the Triumph Thunderbird Sport, which produced a claimed , had a second front disc added, and a six-speed gearbox. The Thunderbird was produced until 2003 and the Thunderbird Sport until 2004.
Triumph Thunderbird Sport.
Introduced in late 1997, this was a more sporting version of the Thunderbird 900 with power increased to @ 8,500  and six-speed gearbox. 
Also included was uprated suspension, wider rims, and revised styling, including a 3:2 exhaust and 'cheese grater' air filter, and twin disc front brakes. Its styling was intended to recall the early 1970s Triumph X-75 Hurricane
The six-speed gearbox was used on all later variants of the Thunderbird along with the Keihin carburettors. The earlier mikuni carburettors suffer from premature needle and jet wear. All later Thunderbirds with the speedometer and Keihin carburettors should have six speed gearboxes fitted.
Media Appearances.
Upon its introduction, the Triumph Thunderbird received prominent press coverage due to its use by then- highly popular actress Pamela Anderson in her film, Barb Wire. Other prominent media appearances were by Hugh Laurie in British film, Maybe Baby and, with a sidecar, in the BBC TV cookery series Two Fat Ladies.

</doc>
<doc id="19176964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176964" title="Juho Lallukka">
Juho Lallukka

Juho Lallukka (February 3, 1852 in Räisälä, Finland – December 1, 1913 in Viipuri) was a Finnish businessman, commercial counsellor, and a patron of the arts.
Biography.
Juho Lallukka was born in 1852 in the settlement of Räisälä on the Karelian isthmus, in a peasant monogynopaedium. He lived in Vyborg until 1891. In a that year he jointly with businessman Jaakko Häkli did found a firm «Häkli, Lallukka ja kumpp», in 1912 regenerate in propulsion module of «Häkli, Lallukka and To». Also was one of active funkcionerov of Union of proprietors of industrial and point-of-sale enterprises of «Pamaus», in 1901-1902 was a vice-chairman. In addition, entered in history of Vyborg as a patron of art, in particular, financed city legitimate drama. By his name was adopted one of streets of Vyborg (presently is a Mayakovsky street).
His wife Maria Lallukka outlived him by ten years and died in 1923. In his name in 1934 in Vyborg, a city library was built on the project of architect Alvar Aalto.
In 1924 in Vyborg a monument was set to the married couples of Lallukka. A monument was created by a sculptor Emil Halonen. on August 30, 1986 he was opened again on the former Russian military cemetery in Lappeenranta on facilities of Union «Pamaus».

</doc>
<doc id="19176969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176969" title="2006 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles">
2006 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion but lost in the second round to unseeded Andy Murray, in what would be Federer's only defeat prior to the final that year.
Andy Roddick won in the final against Juan Carlos Ferrero 6–3, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="19176970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176970" title="Association of Alabama Camps">
Association of Alabama Camps

The Association of Alabama Camps has represented the interests of the children and families who attend camps in Alabama, as well as the camps themselves since 1980. These camps serve around a quarter million children, parents, young adults and seniors each year. The Association's initial project was to contact the Alabama Department of Public Health and solicit their cooperation in developing the original camp inspection standards for Alabama. AAC supports in every way possible other camp organizations such as the American Camp Association and Christian Camp and Conference Association. AAC recognizes that every camp is different, each with a different purpose and serving different people for different reasons. The one thing all Alabama camps have in common is that we must operate our camps under the laws and regulations of the State of Alabama – AAC helps insure that camps have a voice in the regulatory and legislative bodies of Alabama.
Activities.
Some of the activities offered at Alabama Camps include:

</doc>
<doc id="19176983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176983" title="Objective-J">
Objective-J

Objective-J is a programming language developed as part of the Cappuccino web development framework. Its syntax is nearly identical to the Objective-C syntax and it shares with JavaScript the same relationship that Objective-C has with the C programming language: that of being a strict, but small, superset; adding traditional inheritance and Smalltalk/Objective-C style dynamic dispatch. Pure JavaScript, being a prototype-based language, already has a notion of object orientation and inheritance, but Objective-J adds the use of class-based programming to JavaScript.
Programs written in Objective-J need to be preprocessed before being run by a web browser's JavaScript virtual machine. This step can occur in the web browser at runtime or by a compiler which translates Objective-J programs into pure JavaScript code. The Objective-J compiler is written in JavaScript; consequently, deploying Objective-J programs does not require a web browser plug-in. Objective-J can be compiled and run on NodeJS.
Applications.
The first widely known use of Objective-J was in the Cappuccino-based web application 280 Slides, which was developed by 280 North itself. Even though Objective-J can be used (and has been designed) independently from the Cappuccino framework, Objective-J has primarily been invented to support web development in Cappuccino.
Syntax.
Objective-J is a superset of JavaScript, which means that any valid JavaScript code is also valid Objective-J code. 
The following example shows the definition and implementation in Objective-J of a class named Address; this class extends the root object CPObject, which plays a role similar to the Objective-C's NSObject. This example differs from traditional Objective-C in that the root object reflects the underlying Cappuccino framework as opposed to Cocoa, Objective-J does not use pointers and, as such, type definitions do not contain asterisk characters. Instance variables are always defined in the @implementation.
As with Objective-C, class method definitions and instance method definitions start with '+' (plus) and '-' (dash), respectively.
Memory management.
Like Objective-C 2.0's garbage-collected mode, objects in Objective-J do not need to be manually released because they are automatically freed by JavaScript's garbage collector.

</doc>
<doc id="19176993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19176993" title="1982–83 DFB-Pokal">
1982–83 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1982–83 was the 40th season of the competition. It began on 27 August 1982 and ended on 11 June 1983. In the only DFB-Pokal final ever held between two clubs from the same city FC Köln defeated Fortuna Köln 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19177007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177007" title="Phil Tan">
Phil Tan

Phil Tan is an Atlanta, GA-based music/audio engineer. 
He is a 3-time Grammy Award recipient, as mixing engineer for Mariah Carey's "The Emancipation of Mimi" (Best Contemporary R&B Album, 2005), Ludacris' "Release Therapy" (Best Rap Album, 2006) and Rihanna's "Only Girl (In the World)" (Best Dance Recording, 2010).
Among the artists on Tan's list of credits: Leona Lewis, Ne-Yo, Wiz Khalifa, Kimbra, Conor Maynard, Justin Bieber, Whitney Houston, Rita Ora, Jill Scott, Jennifer Hudson, Janelle Monáe, Usher, Snoop Dogg, Corinne Bailey Rae, K'naan, Enrique Iglesias, Paulina Rubio, Jennifer Lopez, Jordin Sparks, Gwen Stefani, Anthony Hamilton, Ciara, Taio Cruz, Tinie Tempah, Outkast, Jay-Z, Alexis Jordan, Sean Paul, Karmin, Morgan Page, Lionel Richie, Nelly, Kreesha Turner, Kelly Rowland, The Saturdays, Chris Brown, Sean Kingston, Alicia Keys, Anahí Puente, Jesse McCartney, Joe, TLC, Kelis, Monica, Toni Braxton, Aretha Franklin, Bow Wow, Jagged Edge, and Da Brat.
Sales of albums and singles sold in the US with Tan listed in the credits as a mixer, engineer, remixer or producer total over 250 million.
He has mixed and/or recorded 26 singles that have reached Number One on Billboard's Hot 100 chart:
He has mixed and/or recorded 28 singles that have reached Number One on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart:
He has mixed and/or recorded 16 singles that have reached Number One on the UK Singles Chart:
Tan was inducted into the Full Sail University Hall of Fame on April 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19177030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177030" title="Gene Grabosky">
Gene Grabosky

Harry Eugene Grabosky (September 1, 1936 – May 4, 2001) was an American collegiate and Professional Football defensive tackle. He played professionally in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills. He played college football at Syracuse University and was drafted in the 26th round of the 1959 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="19177039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177039" title="Central Liquidity Facility">
Central Liquidity Facility

The Central Liquidity Facility (CLF) is a mixed ownership United States (U.S.) government corporation created to improve the general financial stability of credit unions by serving as a liquidity lender to credit unions experiencing unusual or unexpected liquidity shortfalls. Member credit unions own the CLF which exists within the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA). The President of the CLF manages the facility under the oversight of the NCUA Board.
The Central Liquidity Facility was created by the U.S. Congress in 1998 with the National Credit Union Central Liquidity Facility Act, Subchapter III of the Federal Credit Union Act. The primary purpose of the CLF is to provide loans to credit unions to meet short or long term liquidity needs, acting as the lender of last resort. It performs the same general functions for credit unions that the Federal Reserve System performs for member banks.
The Central Liquidity Facility is backed by the credit of the U.S. government. The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to lend up to $500,000,000 to the Facility in the event the Board certifies to the Secretary that the Facility does not have sufficient funds to meet liquidity needs of credit unions.
CLF is organized into five regional branches to serve different states. To become a member, credit unions purchase stock in the Central Liquidity Facility, initially at $50 par value per share.

</doc>
<doc id="19177041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177041" title="Jenő Zádor">
Jenő Zádor

Jenő Zádor (5 November 1894, Bátaszék – 4 April 1977, Hollywood, California), also known as Eugene Zador, was a Hungarian-born, American-naturalized composer. 
He studied at the Vienna Music Academy and in Leipzig with Max Reger. He taught from 1921 at the new New Vienna Conservatory and later at the Budapest Academy of Music. On the outbreak of World War II he emigrated to the US, where he became a successful composer of film scores for Hollywood. He also wrote a number of operas in which the characterization and orchestration are worthy of note, and orchestral pieces in a style that owed something to Reger and Richard Strauss, including the popular "Hungarian Caprice" (1935) and concertos for such instruments as the cimbalom (1969) and accordion (1971).
Although his operas are said to be strongly characterized and skillfully orchestrated, his compositional style remained within the late romantic language of Richard Strauss and Max Reger (he claimed to occupy a position "exactly between "La Traviata" and "Lulu")". 

</doc>
<doc id="19177067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177067" title="Tikopia language">
Tikopia language

The Tikopia language is a Polynesian Outlier language from the island of Tikopia in the Solomon Islands. It is closely related to the Anuta language of the neighboring island of Anuta. Tikopian is also spoken by the Polynesian minority on Vanikoro, who long ago migrated from Tikopia.

</doc>
<doc id="19177078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177078" title="Zero to Three">
Zero to Three

Zero to Three is, according to its website, a national, multidisciplinary organization that supports the healthy development and well-being of infants, toddlers, and their families. Programs and services provided by Zero to Three include professional education and program consultation, knowledge development, leadership development, public awareness and parent education, policy analysis and development, and professional and parent resources.
Cited in "Parenting", and other nationally circulated publications, Zero to Three is a resource on the formative first three years of life.
Zero to Three receives much of its funding through grants and donations. One of the organization's funders is the Birth to Five Policy Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="19177082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177082" title="Top Trumps Adventures">
Top Trumps Adventures

Top Trumps Adventures is a series of video games based on Top Trumps. There are three games in the series. These are:
The Top Trumps Adventures series is also known by the name Top Trumps Console.

</doc>
<doc id="19177099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177099" title="Requiem Canticles (Robbins)">
Requiem Canticles (Robbins)

Requiem Canticles is a ballet made for New York City Ballet's Stravinsky Festival by balletmaster Jerome Robbins to eponymous music from 1966 by Igor Stravinsky. The premiere took place June 25, 1972, at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19177115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177115" title="Jack Whitfield">
Jack Whitfield

Jack Whitfield (23 March 1892 – 26 December 1927) was a Welsh international rugby union hooker who played club rugby for Newport and club rugby for Monmouthshire. He was an extremely powerful scrummager, but was not seen as skillful as the pre-war players produced by Wales.
Rugby career.
As a fitter in the Newport Docks, local dock team Pill Harriers was a natural choice to take on the front row skills of Whitfield. The Harriers, although seen as a lower league team, provided many Welsh players, especially front row hardmen like Whitfield. In 1919 he was selected for the Wales to face the touring New Zealand Services team. Over the next five years, now as a member of the Newport club, Whitfield was capped for Wales on 12 occasions and scored his first try on the 13 March 1920 against Ireland. In the 1922 Five Nations Championship, Whitfield was the leading try scorer of the tournament with four tries one against England and France, and two against Ireland. In the 1924 Championship, in a game against Scotland, Whitfield was given the captaincy for Wales. Wales lost the match heavily, with Scotland running in eight tries, it was Whitfield's only time as captain.
He died on Boxing Day 1927 at the Royal Gwent Hospital after a gastric ulcer operation.
"International matches played"
"Wales"

</doc>
<doc id="19177120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177120" title="Paul Grano">
Paul Grano

Paul Langton Grano (22 October 1894 – 11 January 1975) was an Australian poet and journalist.
Biography.
Born in Ararat, Victoria, Grano studied at the University of Melbourne. He worked as a journalist and commercial traveller, and in 1932 moved to Queensland where he worked in the Main Roads Commission. In 1933, he founded the Catholic Poetry Society in Brisbane, and in 1934 the Catholic Readers' and Writers' Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19177124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177124" title="After Extra Time (album)">
After Extra Time (album)

After Extra Time is a 1996 album by Michael Nyman with the Michael Nyman Band containing three tributes to Nyman's fandom of Association football: "After Extra Time", the soundtrack to "The Final Score", and "Memorial". The latter is described as a remix, but is simply the 1992 recording from "The Essential Michael Nyman Band". It was included in order to put it together with his two other football-inspired works (he has since written another: see "Acts of Beauty • Exit no Exit"). The album lists only three tracks, which has caused it to be erroneously reported that "Memorial" is track 3 and the others are all hidden tracks, but "Memorial" is track 26. Therefore, a track listing, as the individual portions of the pieces are not named, is not useful. The three pieces were recorded at separate times and thus have separate personnel lists.
After Extra Time.
Tracks 1-16 29:29<br>
The title of the album is inspired by the way Nyman's wife's rare first name, Aet, often appears in football scores, signifying "after extra time". The piece was written in two layers, one in 1995, and one in 1996, which could be said to represent two teams. The piece is also the basis for another work, "HRT [High Rise Terminal]", which was included by Relâche on their album, "Pick It Up" in 1997.
Team B.
Michael Nyman at the piano and Martin Elliott on bass guitar play for both teams, while the violins sometimes carry contradictory harmonies.
Published by Northlight Ltd. c/o Associated Music Publishers / (BMI)
The Final Score.
Tracks 17-25 23:19<br>
"The Final Score" is a 1991 film by Matthew Whiteman from 1991. This is the original soundtrack, part of which previously appeared on the collection "Ai Confini/Interzone". The documentary is about Nyman's favorite team, the Queens Park Rangers in the 1970s, when they were led by Stan Bowles. Tracks 17 and 25 are the main and end titles, and all of the music is built on variations of a four-note bass line.
Memorial (Remix).
Track 26 11:21<br>
Nyman was in the process of composing "Memorial" when the Heysel Stadium disaster occurred in 1985, and the dirge-like work became to him immediately specifically about the 39 people killed in the accident. The album booklet contains a review of the original performance written by Waldemar Janusczak, which Nyman says "suggests the way in which the piece attempted in a small way to heal a wound Europe saw as a consequence of the harshness of rampant Thatcherism."

</doc>
<doc id="19177128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177128" title="God's Children (2008 song)">
God's Children (2008 song)

"God's Children" is a 2008 single by alternative rock band The Gutter Twins. The 7" single version of "God's Children" is incorrectly titled as "God's Hands" but only on the record itself (the b-side is also incorrectly titled on the record as 'Spanish Children); it is marked correctly on the sleeve. This single is Sub Pop catalog #SP789. The sleeve features a photograph of a man wearing a rabbit mask and holding a shot gun.

</doc>
<doc id="19177159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177159" title="Qazaxlar (Nǝzirli municipality)">
Qazaxlar (Nǝzirli municipality)

Qazaxlar (also, Kazakhlar) is a village in the Nǝzirli municipality (belediyye) of Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19177168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177168" title="Rune Ertsås">
Rune Ertsås

Rune Ertsås (born 24 May 1987) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a forward for Hødd. He has previously played in Tippeligaen for Molde and Sandefjord.
Career.
The young Norwegian striker was bought by Molde from Steinkjer in 2006. Ertsås was loaned out from Molde loaned to Sandefjord in the first half of the 2010-season, and scored the match-winning goal when Sandefjord won 2-1 against Molde on 21 March 2010. On 5 August 2010 he signed a two-year deal with Vejle. In March 2012, Ertsås signed with Norwegian First Division side Alta after being released from his contract with Vejle. He scored six goals in 20 matches for Alta during the 2012 season, when the team was relegated from the First Division. Ahead of the 2013 season, Ertsås signed a two-year contract with Hødd.

</doc>
<doc id="19177172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177172" title="Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo">
Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo

Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo was a Serbian supergroup consisting of former Idoli members Nebojša Krstić and Srđan Šaper and Piloti frontman Kiki Lesendrić. The band released only one album and disbanded.
History.
Idoli members Nebojša Krstić (drum loops, vocals) and Srđan Šaper (vocals) started working with Kiki Lesendrić (guitar) in 1994 and preparing music for an album. The recording took place in Budapest in the Utopia Studio during early 1995. Beside the three, as guest appeared Nenad Stefanović "Japanac" (bass guitar and guitar), Milan Đurđević (Neverne Bebe leader, keyboards), Istvan Alapi (guitar) and Zoltan Hetenyi (drums). Backing vocals were done by Aleksandra and Kristina Kovač. The arrangements and production were done by Lesendrić. The album was released by Eastfield Music under the name "Nedelja na Duhove". Promotional video was recorded for the track "Čekaj me". Even though the album was commercially successful, the band ceased to exist.
In 2005 Nebojša Krstić stated in an interview that Šaper prepared some new material for a new album, but due to obligations, they are not able to record.

</doc>
<doc id="19177189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177189" title="Qazaxlar (Qazaxlar municipality)">
Qazaxlar (Qazaxlar municipality)

Qazaxlar (also, Kazakhlar) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19177201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177201" title="Keystone Patrician">
Keystone Patrician

__NOTOC__
The Keystone K-78 Patrician was an airliner developed in the United States in the late 1920s, built only in prototype form. 
Design & development.
The Patrician was a high-wing, strut-braced monoplane following the then-standard trimotor layout, and was intended to be the largest and fastest aircraft of its type. The fuselage was constructed from a chromoly tube framework with aluminum longerons and bulkheads, all skinned in fabric. The inner wings were built from steel-truss spars and metal ribs and fabric-covered, while the outer wings of wooden construction. 
The flight test program included a much-publicized return flight across the United States and in another stunt, a successful attempt at a load-carrying record was set by lifting a 4,600 lb (2,090 kg) "payload" of "33 girls, two pilots, and a mechanic" to 10,200 ft (3,110 m) in 25 minutes. Colonial Air Transport then flew the prototype (registered NX7962) on charter operations between New York and Boston while a definitive version for the airlines was developed under the designation K-78D. This featured 18 seats, a lavatory, and a separate baggage compartment. 
The first of these machines (NC98N) was purchased by Wright Aeronautical Corporation for use as an engine testbed, but also as an executive transport. In keeping with this latter role, a deluxe interior was fitted in place of the passenger compartment, which included an office and sleeping berths. The second aircraft (NC10N) was selected for evaluation by Transcontinental Air Transport for use on a cross-United States route. TAT's technical committee, under the leadership of Charles Lindbergh, selected the Patrician over five other aircraft: the Curtiss Condor, Boeing 80A, Ford Trimotor, Fokker F.10, and a Sikorsky biplane . Lindbergh himself flew the Patrician to various stops across the United States to research routes and provide an opportunity for TAT to generate publicity for the planned service. One of these stops turned into a fiasco when the Patrician became bogged in mud while landing at Mills Field, San Francisco, requiring the various dignitaries aboard to be unloaded while the aircraft was dug out.
Certification was obtained on 30 October 1929, but before the initial intended batch of ten Patricians could be produced, the Great Depression made itself felt, and the market disappeared. Keystone reduced the asking price from $90,000 to $65,000, but still found no buyers, and the three prototypes were the only Patricians ever built. 

</doc>
<doc id="19177223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177223" title="List of Olympic champions of Ukraine">
List of Olympic champions of Ukraine

This is a list of all Olympic champions of Ukraine (since Ukraine became independent). As of August 13, 2012 there are 37 Olympic champions which represented Ukraine (1 at Winter Games and 36 at Summer). Athletes are sorted by number of gold medals and then by surname.
The first Olympic champion of independent Ukraine was figure skater Oksana Baiul at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, the first of a Summer Olympic Game was wrestler Vyacheslav Oleynyk at the 1996 Games in Atlanta. The first Ukraine-born gold medal winner was Bobbie Rosenfeld (a Canadian athlete) at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19177244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177244" title="HM Prison Liverpool">
HM Prison Liverpool

HM Prison Liverpool (formerly Walton Gaol) is a categoryB/C local men's prison, located in the Walton area of Liverpool in England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Liverpool Prison (originally known as Walton Gaol) was constructed in 1855 to replace a much older and more cramped establishment in the centre of Liverpool.
During the Liverpool Blitz of World War II, on 18 September 1940, German high explosive bombs falling on a wing of the prison partially demolished it, killing 22 inmates. The body of one was not found until 11 years later when rubble was finally cleared.
The prison was the site of 62 judicial executions, from 1887 to 1964. The last execution at the prison was that of Peter Anthony Allen. He and his accomplice Gwynne Owen Evans were convicted for the murder of John Alan West in April 1964. They were simultaneously hanged on 13 August 1964; Allen was hanged at Walton Gaol, and Evans at Strangeways in Manchester.
In May 2003 an inspection report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons severely criticised Liverpool Prison for its overcrowding and poor industrial relations which had led to an unacceptable regime. The inspection found that parts of the jail were generally unclean, had cockroach infestations and broken windows. Inmates were able to shower and change their clothes just once a week at the prison.
A further inspection report in February 2010, stated that drugs, bullying and violence were still prevalent at Liverpool Prison, despite the jail improving in other areas. Days later, it emerged that the Prison Service had refunded nearly £10,000 to inmates at HMP Liverpool, who were being overcharged for watching television in their cells. The prison was charging £1 per prisoner per week instead of per cell, meaning that inmates who were sharing a cell were paying more than they needed to.
The prison today.
Liverpool is a local prison for remand and sentenced adult males in the Merseyside catchment area. The prison has eight wings, all of which have been refurbished to include integral sanitation. As of May 2009, its population was 1,184, one of the largest in the UK, but smaller than a peak population of 1,443 in 2008. 
Liverpool Prison offers education and training courses, provided by the Manchester College, as well as workshops and programmes organised by the prison's Psychology Department. The establishment houses a hugely successful in cell radio program 'Walton Radio', offering prisoners radio production qualifications, music technology qualifications, along with emphases on rehabilitation through employability upskilling. A Listener Scheme, supported by the Samaritans, operates for prisoners who are at risk from suicide or self-harm. There is a resettlement unit at HMP Liverpool which comprises a Citizens' Advice Unit, Connexions and Job Centre Plus. All healthcare services at Liverpool Prison are commissioned through Liverpool Primary Care Trust. A new all-purpose 28-bed inpatient and primary care service was opened in summer 2007.
Notable former inmates.
Charles Bronson

</doc>
<doc id="19177250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177250" title="Minuma">
Minuma

Geography.
The area stands on the Shiba River Lowland, which is located inside of the Ōmiya Plateau in the central Kantō plain. The Shiba River and Katayagawa River constitute the region's major stream system.
History.
From the Jōmon to the early Edo Period, the high sea level associated with the Holocene climatic optimum linked the region with Tokyo Bay and nearly two-thirds of the area occupied by the former city of Urawa was under water. This is supported by many middens found in the region which date back to the early Jōmon period. Subsequently, as the climate cooled down, the retracting shoreline left the region a countless number of marshlands and wetlands, resulting in the creation of Minuma. 
Between the early Edo Period and the mid-Edo Period, the area was converted into a reservoir by for irrigation. In 1629, the project began with constructing a levee between current Tsukishima in Saitama and Kizoro in the city of Kawaguchi. The structure was called , literally meaning eight "chō" levee, since the length of the levee was approximately eight "chō" (870 meters). The reservoir mounted to cover roughly 1200 hectares with the average depth of one meter.
The mid-Edo Period to the Post-war Era marked the time span during which the area was actively utilized for agriculture by draining the reservoir. In 1727, the reservoir levee was demolished and rice paddies were constructed on the reclaimed site. To ensure continual access to irrigational water in the region, an irrigation canal system supplied by the Tone River was introduced. Canals were dug roughly in a north-south direction along the two plateaus that sandwich the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19177252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177252" title="Qazaxlar, Barda">
Qazaxlar, Barda

Qazaxlar, Barda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19177254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177254" title="Triumph Adventurer 900">
Triumph Adventurer 900

The Triumph Adventurer 900 is a British motorcycle that was made by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd at the Hinckley factory. Launched in 1996, the 'Adventurer' name came from a 500 cc parallel-twin trail bike from the early 1970s. The water-cooled, 12-valve triple engine was the same 885 cc as the Triumph Thunderbird 900, as were the steel spine frame and other cycle parts including front forks, rear shock, wheels and brakes. Modifications included raised handlebars and a single seat option. The most prominent features are the large rear fender, extra chrome-plated engine, cam and radiator covers, and the megaphone-shaped silencers. The Adventurer had pre-load adjustment on the rear mono-shock suspension. It was one of the best selling bikes in the Triumph line-up.

</doc>
<doc id="19177264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177264" title="Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm women's volleyball">
Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm women's volleyball

The Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm volleyball team represents the Southern Nazarene University in NAIA Division I college volleyball. Since 1991, the team has competed in the Sooner Athletic Conference. Home games are played at Sawyer Center, which seats about 5,000 total, but for is typically arrange for 500.
Year-by-Year Results.
 
Awards and honors.
SNUPY Awards winners.
2005
2006
2007
2008
All-Sooner Athletic Conference Team.
2007
All-NAIA Team.
2007

</doc>
<doc id="19177274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177274" title="Park and ride bus services in the United Kingdom">
Park and ride bus services in the United Kingdom

Park and ride bus services in the United Kingdom are bus services designed to provide intermodal passenger journeys between a private mode of transport and a shared mode bus. The common model of bus based park and ride model is transfer from a private car to a public transport bus, although schemes may also be used by pedestrians and cyclists. "Park and ride" commonly refers to permanent schemes operated as part of the public transport system, for onward transport from a permanent car park to an urban centre. ‘Park and ride bus’ can also be used to describe temporary and seasonal schemes, services operated for private or specialised users, and services that do not necessarily serve an urban centre. Bus services can be permanent, seasonal, or only operate on specific days of the week, or for specific events.
Permanent public transport based park and ride sites are predominantly constructed, administered and financially supported by one or more of the local public authorities, although partial private funding also occurs, usually in partnership. Since bus deregulation in 1986, the actual bus service for particular schemes is currently operated by one or more private bus operators, or stand-alone companies, with the contract to operate the bus service being put out to commercial tender. An exception is Northern Ireland, where the state concern Translink promotes and operates all public transport park and ride schemes.
Schemes are often specially marketed with a specific brand separately from other standard local bus services. This is sometimes not necessarily using the name park and ride. Public transport schemes mostly operate at a net loss, with the budgetary cost justified by the reduction in traffic congestion and reduced need for central parking spaces. Generally, the car parking is free, with revenue for the scheme being achieved through fares or travel passes taken by the bus operator. Initially heavily lobbied for by the environmentalists, increasingly the net benefits of park and ride schemes to the environment have been questioned in studies examining the effect of schemes on overall vehicle mileages and passenger travelling behaviour.
Implementation of public transport park and ride bus services in the UK accelerated through the 1980s and 1990s, although some schemes have failed or been scaled back due to lack of use. Permanent schemes range in size from an allocated area with provision of less than 10 cars, to multiple dedicated sites catering in total for nearly 5,000 cars. Schemes predominantly serve a single town or smaller city, while rail based mode, where it exists, is the predominant implementation for the larger metropolitan areas. Larger regional bus schemes exist, such as at Ferrytoll in Fife, Scotland and in Northern Ireland.
History.
Permanent bus based park and ride schemes are most often found in the UK in historical towns and cities where the narrow streets mean traffic congestion hits hardest and streets cannot easily be widened. An example is Oxford, which operated the first scheme in the UK, initially with an experimental service operating part-time from a motel on the A34 in the 1960s, and then on a full-time basis from 1973. Large scale adoption in other towns then continued from the 1980s with increased car ownership. As of 2005 there were 92 park and ride sites across 40 locations in England
Permanent schemes.
Implementation.
Permanent park and ride services are predominantly intended for used by car driving commuters and their passengers, with shoppers being the next largest user, although it is also often targeted at day-trippers and tourists visiting by car. As well as car drivers, park and ride bus services may also be used by pedestrians and cyclists. Several schemes offer bicycle lockers to allow use of the bus by cyclists. For foot passengers, although the journey may be quicker than regular bus services, the fares may also be higher.
For ease of access by car, a common arrangement for a permanent park and ride is a site or sites located on the outskirts or outer suburbs of a town or city, with the aim of providing a short onward trip by bus into the centre. Sites are usually located near to the major approach routes to the centre, usually near to motorway junctions or beside the main arterial routes. Some sites, such as the village on Ellon, Aberdeenshire, are located some distance from the central destination, but the site is located on a main arterial approach route. Larger regional sites exist, with longer journey times, such as Ferrytoll in Fife, Scotland. In larger cities, space permitting, sites may also be located at transport hubs or interchange stations further inside the urban area.
As well as stand alone sites, permanent daily public transport park and ride car parks may also be operated adjacent to or as part of the car park of another facility, such as Basingstoke (a Leisure Park), Doncaster (a cinema) and Derby (a retail and leisure park). Some sites utilise football stadium car parks, as they are not usually in use on working daytimes, as happens in Brighton, Reading, Dorchester and Derby; and also horse racecourses as in Leicester and Cheltenham, although these services may not be available on match/race days.
Most schemes do not allow for overnight parking and cater for daytime and early evening usage. Users who miss the last bus may often find their cars locked in, requiring the calling of an emergency number. Some schemes have addressed the issue of the "last bus" by using other services, such as in High Wycombe where tickets are valid on standard bus services passing the car park after the dedicated service has stopped running, although the site gates have to be left open. Other schemes are open late on designated late shopping nights (often a Thursday).
Many sites are operational five or more days a week. Some schemes are often supplemented using additional sites with car parks normally used for other purposes during the week that only operate as park and ride on a Saturday or Sunday. These sites include the local County Hall or Town Hall car parks, or University car parks. Examples include Bath, Southport and Leicester.
As of 2008, permanent bus based park and ride schemes are generally implemented in small to medium sized towns and cities, with larger conurbations such as London, Birmingham and Manchester operating rail-based schemes. Edinburgh is the largest city with a comprehensive bus based park and ride scheme, although this is due to replaced in part with the Edinburgh tram network. In Manchester, the local transport authority GMPTE does not believe that park and ride systems achieve the main aim of reducing car based mileage, stating that when implemented, most passengers are drawn from people who would otherwise have used existing bus services, or cycle/walk, with only 1 in 5 spaces on average being filled by people who did not previously use public transport.
Site facilities.
Purpose built park and ride sites generally consist of a car park and adjacent bus boarding facility within walking distance. Large sites may feature covered multi-story parking, and covered waiting areas or passenger facilities akin to a small bus station. Bigger car parks may feature more than one bus stop to limit the distance users have to walk. Smaller sites may feature just a bus stop and cabin for an attendant. For sites used as bus termini, the site may also feature bus stands.
The location of park and ride sites is usually predominantly sign posted to assist car drivers, and sometimes there may exist electronic signs giving current information about parking availability.
Many sites feature a controlled perimeter, entry/exit barriers, CCTV and supervision by an attendant.
Planning issues.
The location of sites is often restricted due to planning issues and land availability. The location of potential sites may conflict with the desires of other development aims. Some local authorities introduce new schemes as part of wider developments by stipulating as part of the planning permission approval that a private developer may only proceed if they include a suitable scheme in their development proposals.
The advent of Local transport plans enacted by the Transport Act 2000 in England has allowed park and ride usage to be a material consideration in planning matters in England.
In 2005 the Campaign to Protect Rural England called for a review of park and ride development expressing concern too many sites were being built on green belt land.
In 2008, a scheme proposed by North Yorkshire County Council for a site for Whitby on green land within the North York Moors National Park was rejected by the park planning committee on grounds of its proposed location, within the park, despite claims by the borough council that no suitable alternatives existed, and traffic was an increasing issue in the town which threatened the prospects of economic growth.
In 2008 in Truro, Cornwall, a scheme was launched aiming to be complementary and integrated with the rural environment, marketed as a "park for cars" rather than a car park, with features such as natural building materials, solar power and waste water management
Bus operators and vehicles.
To comply with UK competition legislation, contracts for the bus operation aspect of schemes supported by local authority finance must be put out to commercial tender, although minimum quality conditions are often stipulated as part of the contract. Some bus operating contracts are awarded on the basis of a formal Quality Contract between authority and operator. For reasons of practicality and logistics, the winning bus operator is usually an operator already based in the local area.
Dedicated park and ride bus services are usually provided using public transport buses. Depending on the passenger numbers, service may be provide with a combination of midibuses, single-decker buses, double-decker buses. In some schemes such as in Bath, articulated buses are used. As of 2008, the Optare Solo is a common type of midibus found on smaller schemes.
As with standard public transport bus services in the UK, as of 2008 the responsibility for operation of the buses for park and ride schemes is dominated by the major transport groups, either in part or full, with FirstGroup involved with 12 locations, Arriva and Stagecoach Group involved in 7, Go-Ahead Group in 3. Despite this, operation by small groups or independent operators forms a significant aspect of UK park and ride operations, such as Courtney Coaches (Basingstoke), Johnsons Excelbus (Stratford upon Avon), Veolia Transport (Swansea), Konectbus (Norwich), Travel de Courcey (Coventry), Bennets Coaches (Cheltenham) and Smith and Sons (Perth). Some municipal bus companies operate their town's service, such as Edinburgh (Lothian Buses), Nottingham (Nottingham City Transport), Swindon (Thamesdown Transport), Reading (Reading Buses), although the November 2008 transfer of the Ipswich operation from Ipswich Buses to First Eastern Counties demonstrated that council owned bus companies are not necessarily given favourable status in the awarding of council park and ride contracts.
For large schemes, park and ride bus fleets used are usually of a higher and/or different specification to the predominant public transport bus fleet. Fleets are often purchased new in whole or in part for the award of a new contract, meaning low floor buses are increasingly common.
In the Plymouth scheme, the buses are of an extremely high specification compared to regular public transport buses, being equipped with high backed leather seating, television screens, and individual radio/CD sockets for each seat.
While dedicated park and ride fleets generally contain some of the newest vehicles in a bus company's fleet, in some areas this does not occur, for example, the award winning operator in Derby, Trent Barton, defers operation of the park and ride to its Wellglade group sister company Notts & Derby, using vehicles older than that of the Trent Barton main fleet.
Success and failure.
While most schemes are hailed as a success, and see additions to site/spaces or increase in vehicle size over time, some encounter lower than anticipated passenger numbers and need to be withdrawn/modified. In Gloucester, a two route scheme existing in 2003 was required to be scaled back and rationalised into one through service after passenger numbers fell, putting one service in doubt. In February 2008 a scheme in Kidderminster was closed down despite objections, as it was costing £1,000 a week to operate, although it was later said the scheme had been introduced as a temporary measure while building works occurred, that was allowed to continue permanently. In 2008 Sefton Council considered rerouting the bus service of Southport's third scheme after initial passenger projections were not met, although comparison was made to the slow start but eventual success of the first site. In January 2009 the service was re-routed to attract uses from the town's main hospital and college. In November 2009, Sefton Council announced the third site would be 'mothballed' for an indefinite period of time due to poor usuage. In 2007, the long-standing Maidstone scheme was reduced from four sites to three due to a reduction in usage of a centrally located site causing a budget shortfall for the council.
A service operated by Go North East from the MetroCentre shopping centre coach park non-stop to Newcastle upon Tyne which operated on a model of pre-booked parking was abandoned after a year in September 2008 due to lack of use, replaced by a conventional service with more intermediate stops.
Bus service.
Onward bus services from a park and ride car park are provided with dedicated bus routes, the regular local bus service, or a combination of both. In busy or frequent schemes, the central bus stops may be sited separately from those used by other regular bus services. Sites already well served by or located on the existing bus network may feature no dedicated service at all. These services may employ no specific branding, but reference to 'park and ride' may exist on rollsigns and timetables. Park and ride sites may also be used as stops on longer distance coach services, although they are generally not available for use by private coach operators.
Dedicated routes are often operated point to point, running from the site to centre, and back, using the site as a bus terminus. Occasionally, through routes will run from one park and ride site to another, through the town or city centre, or to another suitable terminus such as a leisure centre. Routes may also call at multiple park and ride sites before commencing the onward journey to the destination.
Dedicated bus services can be operated as express bus services, running non-stop calling at only the car park and the central area. These services may also operate as limited stop express services, stopping also at any important intermediate locations such as hospitals, railway stations, transport interchanges, out of town shopping centres, suburban retail parks and other places that are likely to see a high number of prospective passengers. For example Park and Ride in Truro stops at Truro College (which also includes Treliske Retail Park) the Treliske hospital, Royal Cornwall Museum and Victoria Squre in Truro's high street. In areas where there is less overlap between regular bus services, park and ride designated services may stop at every stop like a regular service, as in York, where the park and ride services are also part of the local bus network. Some express or dedicated services may extend beyond the parking site as regular services to outlying areas.
Funding and fares.
The majority of permanent park and ride schemes are supported by funding from the local authority, with investment for construction of the sites if included, or support for the operation of the bus services. Park and ride schemes rarely become financially self-sufficient even for just the operating costs, however most authorities cite the fact that profit is not the ultimate aim of schemes, rather the environmental benefits are what is being paid for. Some schemes where investment in a car park is not required can be funded fully commercially; the Stagecoach Group Cheltenham racecourse service is an example of a fully privately funded permanent service.
Authority involvement can be singular, or is often jointly between a borough and county council, such as in Bedford, or even as a cooperation between multiple public institutions as part of a wider regional transport initiative. Public budget provision for schemes is often combined with infrastructure and vehicle investment toward high quality bus priority schemes, such as the A638 Quality Bus Corridor for Doncaster or guided busway and bus rapid transit scheme investment.
Private companies often contribute additional funding where that company ultimately benefits from the scheme, either through increased custom or a reduction in employee parking needs. In High Wycombe, the scheme is part funded by a shopping centre and a local development partner, as well as the local council as it is integrated into the newly developed Cressex business park.
A portion of the ongoing funding of the operating costs of a park and ride scheme comes from the collection of fares from the users, although some schemes operate completely free to the user. While most fare paying schemes are operated on a free-parking, pay on the bus basis, some schemes charge for the parking, to offer a financial incentive to encourage carpooling to the car park for cars with more passengers. Examples of car based payment schemes are Norwich and Canterbury. In the Chester scheme, a 2008 proposal to move from a bus based to a car park based charging system was dropped due to public opposition
Specialist schemes.
As well as serving as general public transport to central areas, specialist permanent park and ride services also exist, catering for a more specific user travel need. These exist both as supplementary routes from permanent public sites, or operate from private car parks. These services may be still available to the general public, or be restricted to a specific user/customer, and may be publicly or privately funded or both.
Private user schemes marketed as park and ride include airport buses and other shuttle bus links where they transport passengers from a car park to a destination such as a hotel or conference centre.
NHS Trust supported routes link public park and ride sites to hospitals, such as in Nottingham (Medlink), Reading and Cheltenham, for the benefit of passengers and staff. In Bath, a demand responsive transport service has been combined with a park and ride to hospital shuttle.
Another specialist service is the transport of football spectators to football matches from public park and ride sites, such as in Southampton. These services may only be available to those with a match ticket. A football service is privately funded by Sunderland A.F.C. on match days from the Stadium of Light to Sunderland Enterprise Park.
Temporary schemes.
Some sites only become operational during a specific season, or for specific events, and as such may receive public or private financial support, or in the case of high usage, be self-funding. These ad-hoc 
services may not feature a dedicated bus fleet, but rather are provided by drawing on buses from other duties. Temporary or seasonal services often use free buses, such as Weymouth, which uses existing public pay and display car parks.
Seasonal services occur in the summer to cater for tourists, such as Weymouth, or the Christmas period to cater for shoppers, such as Peterborough and Kingston.
Examples of services for specific events are Southampton (for the Boat Show) and Whitby (for the Whitby Regatta)
Marketing and liveries.
Some high profile public authority backed schemes employ a common "park and ride" brand identity for their park and ride scheme, and project this brand commonly across a website, printed material, and even extending to the colour of the bus in an all-over livery. In a small number of cases, the branding concept does not use the "park and ride" moniker as the primary identity, opting for a different name, such as "Centre Shuttle" (Basingstoke), "Quicksilver Shuttle" (Leicester), "Taunton Flyer" and "Park for Truro".
Smaller schemes may not necessarily employ specific marketing or dedicated all-over liveries where the passenger revenue does not justify this, such as in Stoke and Scarborough, although the term "park and ride" is a near-universally accepted term that is still applied to these smaller schemes on timetables and/or non-overall livery route branding. This also occurs in busier schemes where other high profile branding of local bus services exist, or the park and ride bus service is of the type that only consists of just another regular stop on the local services, rather than a dedicated shuttle type service, such as in Leeds and Nottingham.
Schemes will often be promoted in terms of being high quality, with bus drivers undergoing customer service training, and schemes attaining the government Charter Mark for excellence in public service quality, or the Park Mark award for implementing enhanced car park security features. Maidstone was the first scheme to obtain a Charter Mark.
All-over liveries are employed in single or multiple site schemes. Liveries often emphasise the green credentials of the scheme, such as Plymouth's cloud livery, or by using green as a base colour (Oxford, Winchester). Other schemes use a bold overall colour scheme to reinforce the brand with publicity material, such as the Chelmsford (jet-black), Maidstone (yellow), Canterbury (Silver base with green piping and decals), York (All-over silver with large red City crests) and Ipswich (pink), coordinated with the colours used in a website/publications. In some multiple site schemes, the all-over livery aspect is often extended to a distinct livery for each route/group of routes, such as the multi-colour coded schemes of Swansea, Norwich and Cambridge.
At peak times, standard liveried buses from the operator's main fleet may also supplement the service, or as replacement cover in the event of a dedicated vehicle's failure.
Locations.
Ferrytoll.
As well as the Edinburgh council schemes, a regional scheme exists in Scotland in the form of a large site in south Fife, designated the Ferrytoll park and ride. It does not have a dedicated service, but rather a large number of regional services are coordinated through the site, serving as a park and ride service south to Edinburgh, and as an important intermediate stop for inter-urban and long-distance services north into Fife and Dundee. The southern park and ride section aims to relieve the congested Forth Bridge road crossing.
Northern Ireland.
In Northern Ireland, bus based park and ride is organised on a regional basis by Translink. Belfast and other towns and cities are served by various sites, with bus services operated by Ulsterbus with their local bus services, and their "Goldlink" interurban branded services. Unlike in the rest of the UK, several site in Northern Ireland are as small as 10 spaces up to around 300, with (as of 2008) 20 sites across Northern Ireland.
Wales.
Cardiff, the capital, currently operates 4 sites in north, south, east and west of the city. A scheme in Swansea, in the south west of the country, currently operates from 3 sites. The Mid Wales town of Aberystwyth also has its own scheme.
† – Not including sites proposed or under construction. Only including sites in use 5 days a or more a week, and not seasonal/Saturday only/event only usage

</doc>
<doc id="19177275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177275" title="Thomas Lister (Jesuit)">
Thomas Lister (Jesuit)

Thomas Lister (alias Thomas Butler) (b. in Lancashire, about 1559; d. in England, probably before 1628) was an 
English Jesuit writer.
Life.
He was the son of Christopher Lister, of Midhope, Yorkshire. He entered Douai College, in 1576. Having occasion to return to England, he was seized and imprisoned. He, however, obtained his release, and in 1579 was received into the English College, Rome. There, three years later, he joined the Society of Jesus in February, 1582-3. 
He graduated in Divinity at Pont-à-Mousson in 1592. In 1596 he went on to the English mission, but was arrested in 1598 and endured a long incarceration. 
Lister seems to have resided continuously in England. His death probably occurred shortly before 1628. 
Works.
Difficulties had broken out among the English Catholic clergy, the so-called archpriest controversy, amounting to the refusal of certain among them to recognize the authority of the newly appointed archpriest, Dr. George Blackwell. Lister was at this point consulted by one of the priests as to the conduct of those who refused obedience. His reply took the form of a small treatise entitled "Adversus factiosos in ecclesia", in which their conduct was vigorously censured. They are declared to have "ipso facto" have fallen into schism, and to have incurred excommunication and irregularity. It is doubtful whether this tractate was published; but it was widely circulated in manuscript, and proved divisive. To the request of the clergy that he would prohibit it, Blackwell replied curtly (April, 1957): 
His conduct in regard to Lister's tract formed the first of the six grounds on which was based the "Appeal of thirty-three clergymen", against his administration. The appellants obtained a favourable hearing at Rome. Lister's tract was suppressed by papal Brief (May 1601), and Blackwell rebuked for his unreasonable conduct. 
The treatise "Adversus factiosos" was incorporated into Christopher Bagshaw's "Relatio compendium turbarum"; a portion of it was reprinted in Thomas Graves Law, "Historical Sketch of Conflicts between Jesuits and Seculars in the Reign of Elizabeth" (London, 1889), appendix D.

</doc>
<doc id="19177286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177286" title="Dwight B. LaDu">
Dwight B. LaDu

Dwight B. LaDu (April 27, 1876 Van Buren, Onondaga County, New York - August 17, 1954) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1923 to 1924.
Biography.
He was born on April 27, 1876 to J. Sears LaDu and Julia L. (Warner) LaDu.
He was Division Engineer of the Eastern Division of the State Canals under John A. Bensel, and in 1914 was appointed Special Deputy State Engineer, a post he retained under Frank M. Williams. He resigned in the fall of 1918, and ran for State Engineer and Surveyor on the Democratic ticket in November 1918, but was defeated by Williams. In 1922, he ran again, and was elected, being in office from 1923 to 1924, but was defeated again for re-election in 1924 by Republican Roy G. Finch.
He died on August 17, 1954 in Albany, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19177287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177287" title="Jakub Kryštof Rad">
Jakub Kryštof Rad

Jacob Christoph Rad (* 25 March 1799 in Rheinfelden – † 13 October 1871 in Vienna), in Czech Jakub Kryštof Rad, was a Swiss-born Czech entrepreneur who invented the sugar cubes in 1843 as a director of a sugar factory in Dačice in Moravia.
The idea to produce sugar cube came from his wife, who got injured when she was cutting sugar loaf into smaller parts. She asked her husband to do something about it and she got the sugar cubes during the same year.
In 1840, Jacob Christoph Rad became involved with the management of the sugar factory in the Moravian province of Datschitz (today Dačice), a place that belonged to the Habsburg monarchy at the time. He then began working on a machine for cane sugar refining and transforming sugar into cube form. On January 23, 1843 he was granted a five-year patent for the sugar cube press he invented, so that he could commercially exploit his invention.
As a father of 15 children, he died in 1871 in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19177294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177294" title="Dixon v. Alabama">
Dixon v. Alabama

Dixon v. Alabama, 294 F. 2d 150 (5th Cir. 1961) was a landmark 1961 U.S. federal court decision that spelled the end of the doctrine that colleges and universities could act "in loco parentis" to discipline or expel their students. It has been called "the leading case on due process for students in public higher education".
The case arose when Alabama State College, a then-segregated black college, expelled six students, including the named appellant, St. John Dixon, for unspecified reasons, but presumably because of their participation in civil rights demonstrations. The college, acting "in loco parentis", expelled them without a hearing. The case was appealed to the Fifth Circuit, which held that a public college could not expel students without at least minimal due process.
The case was heard by a panel of John Minor Wisdom, Richard Rives, and Benjamin Franklin Cameron. Cameron dissented from the opinion of the court. 
Thurgood Marshall was among the counsel for the appellants.

</doc>
<doc id="19177310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177310" title="Indaletius">
Indaletius

Saint Indaletius () is venerated as the patron saint of Almería, Spain. Tradition makes him a Christian missionary of the 1st century, during the Apostolic Age. He evangelized the town of Urci (today Pechina), near the present-day city of Almería, and became its first bishop. He may have been martyed at Urci. 
He is one of the group of Seven Apostolic Men ("siete varones apostólicos"), seven Christian clerics ordained in Rome by Saints Peter and Paul and sent to evangelize Spain. Besides Indaletius, this group includes Sts. Torquatus, Caecilius, Ctesiphon, Euphrasius, Hesychius, and Secundius ("Torcuato, Cecilio, Tesifonte, Eufrasio, Hesiquio y Segundo").
Veneration.
In 1084, emissaries of Sancho Ramírez, King of Aragon and Navarre translated Indaletius’ relics to San Juan de la Peña near Jaca against the will of the Christian communities in Seville and Urci. Some of his relics still rest in an urn in the main altar of the cathedral of Jaca. 
Other relics associated with Indaletius are claimed to have been placed below the altar of the Cathedral of Almería and at the Conciliar Seminary of San Indalecio de Almería ("Seminario Conciliar de San Indalecio de Almería").

</doc>
<doc id="19177322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177322" title="Gadabedji Reserve">
Gadabedji Reserve

The Gadabedji Total Reserve (Réserve totale de Faune du Gadabedji) is a nature reserve in the central region of the African nation of Niger. It is a Total Faunal Reserve IUCN type IV, covering some 76,000 hectares within the northern tip of the Maradi Region, just north of the town of Dakoro, and south of the border with the Agadez Region.
Geography.
The reserve, originally established 25 April 1955, by Law No. 3120/S.E. is also a 'fôret classée'. It covers a small area of Sahelian wooded steppe and grassland, south of the Aïr Mountains.
Animal population.
Gadabedji Total Reserve was planned to protect Sahelo-Saharan antelopes, mainly the Scimitar-horned Oryx and Dama Gazelle populations which have largely disappeared due to local population pressures. In the 1940s, the area was along an important migration route for the animals from the Tenere desert to the Adar in the south of the country. It remains a transhumance route for domesticated cattle and camels, as well as some wild Dorcas and Ménas Gazelles The reserve is a proposed site of future Oryx reintroduction.

</doc>
<doc id="19177335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177335" title="St. Wilfrid's Church, North Muskham">
St. Wilfrid's Church, North Muskham

St. Wilfrid's Church, North Muskham is a parish church in the Church of England in North Muskham, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval and was restored in 1906 and 1907.
It is recorded by Dr. Thoroton that a flood which occurred about 1600 the River Trent changed its course, and separated the parish of North Muskham from the hamlet of Holme. At about the same time, Sir Thomas Barton, the descendent of a wealthy merchant, owned a large house and a great amount of property at Holme, and North Muskham Church benefited from his wealth.
The Barton family coat of arms with impalements and rebus (a bear and a tun), is displayed in various places in the church.
Description.
The oldest parts of the church are the lower part of the tower and the north arcade, the piers of which are octagonal and may be the earliest of this type in the county. The piers of the south arcade are Perpendicular and are similar to those of St Mary's, Nottingham. The nave has a clerestory and is covered by a contemporary timber roof. The chancel is impressive and has a five light east window. The pulpit is probably late 17th century and may be contemporary with the altar rails; Nikolaus Pevsner describes the screen as "exceptionally fully cusped".
Parish structure.
St. Wilfrid's Church, North Muskham is part of a joint parish which includes the churches of

</doc>
<doc id="19177347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177347" title="St. Wilfrid's Church, South Muskham">
St. Wilfrid's Church, South Muskham

St. Wilfrid's Church, South Muskham is a parish church in the Church of England in South Muskham, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval but seems to have been subject to additions over a long period. The Tower shows three separate periods of construction. The lowest section is 13th century, the middle section is 14th century and the top is 15th century.
Parish structure.
St. Wilfrid's Church, South Muskham is part of a joint parish which includes the churches of Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Averham, St. Wilfrid's Church, Kelham and St. Wilfrid's Church, North Muskham.

</doc>
<doc id="19177365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177365" title="Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Averham">
Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Averham

The Church of St. Michael and All Angels, Averham is a parish church in the Church of England in Averham, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
Parish structure.
The Church of St. Michael and All Angels is part of a joint parish which includes the churches of St. Wilfrid's Church, Kelham, St. Wilfrid's Church, North Muskham and St. Wilfrid's Church, South Muskham.
Description.
The style of masonry in parts of the tower, nave and chncel prove that the structure is of Norman date though the tower arch is later. Also added later were the buttresses and pinnacles of the tower and the south porch (containing letters and shields referring to Sir Thomas Sutton, died 1525, and his wife). There is a fine east window in the chancel and the screen is simple early Perpendicular.
The north window contains some fragments of glass found in Kelham Hall and put together by Frederick Heathcote Sutton, rector of St. Helen's Church, Brant Broughton in Lincolnshire. Additionally, there is some late Victorian stained glass by Heaton, Butler and Bayne.
There is a wall monument to Robert Sutton, 1st Baron Lexinton who died in 1668. There are also two medieval memorials, a foliated cross and an effigy of a layman (poorly preserved).

</doc>
<doc id="19177366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177366" title="309th Military Intelligence Battalion (United States)">
309th Military Intelligence Battalion (United States)

The 309th Military Intelligence Battalion conducts initial entry, collective, and functional training to produce competent, disciplined, and physically fit military intelligence warriors, instilled with the Army values, ready to join the Army at war.

</doc>
<doc id="19177374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177374" title="St. Wilfrid's Church, Kelham">
St. Wilfrid's Church, Kelham

St. Wilfrid's Church, Kelham is a parish church in the Church of England in Kelham, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval and was restored in 1874 by the Durham based architect Charles Hodgson Fowler.
Parish structure.
The Church of St. Wilfrid, Kelham is part of a joint parish which includes the churches of
Memorials.
There is a memorial on the south side of the chancel to Robert Sutton, 2nd Baron Lexinton who died in 1723 and his wife Margaret who died in 1703.

</doc>
<doc id="19177423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177423" title="Chasing Darkness">
Chasing Darkness

Chasing Darkness is a 2008 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the twelfth in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole. It was nominated for the Best Mystery Award by the Southern California Independent Booksellers Association.
Plot summary.
In the midst of a hillside fire caused by the Santa Ana Winds, police and fire department personnel rush door-to-door to evacuate local residents. They discover the week-old corpse of an apparent gunshot suicide. In the victim's lap, however, is a photo album of seven brutally murdered young women -- one per year, for seven years. The suicide victim, Lionel Byrd, was the former suspect in one of those murders, a female prostitute named Yvonne Bennett. Arrested by L.A.P.D., a taped confession coerced by the detectives inspired a prominent defense attorney to take Byrd's case, and Elvis Cole was hired to investigate. Cole's eleventh-hour discovery of an exculpatory videotape allowed Lionel Byrd to be set free. Elvis was hailed as a hero.
But the discovery of the 'death album' in Byrd's possession changes everything. To all appearances, the 'World's Greatest Detective' was an unwitting accomplice to murder. Only the murderer could have such gruesome material. Yvonne Bennett was the fifth of the seven victims -- two more young women were murdered after Lionel Byrd walked. Elvis Cole, along with his partner Joe Pike, set out to discover if he cost two more young women their lives by having the real killer released from custody. Even so, the pair are shutout by a special L.A.P.D. task force investigating the case, seemingly determined to close it. Elvis and Joe desperately fight to uncover what actually happened with Lionel Byrd and the string of serial murder victims, and why L.A. power brokers and police want to sweep it all under the rug without finding the truth behind it all.

</doc>
<doc id="19177430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177430" title="Indianapolis and Bellefontaine Railroad">
Indianapolis and Bellefontaine Railroad

The Indianapolis and Bellefontaine Railroad (I&B) was formed in 1848 as a successor to the Pendleton and Indianapolis Railroad. It eventually became the Bellefontaine and Indiana Railroad, which in turn was succeeded by the Bellefontaine Railway in 1864, the Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati and Indianapolis Railway in 1868, and the Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway (Big Four) in 1889. Though the I&B once used the four-foot ten-inch Ohio gauge, it was quickly converted to standard gauge (4 ft 8.5 in/1.435 m).
In 1850, the I&B was one of the three founding lines of the Union Track Railway Company (along with the Madison and Indianapolis Railroad and the Terre Haute and Richmond Railroad). Three years later, the UTRC changed its name to Indianapolis Union Railway (IU) and opened the world's first union station in Indiana's capital city. The I&B's main line runs from the IU tracks east of Union Station northeast to Lawrence, Pendleton, and Anderson. Just west of Muncie, it turns to the east to pass through that city, then continues on through Winchester before reaching the Ohio state line at Union City, Indiana. Continuing eastward from Union City, Ohio, it passes through Versailles and Sidney before reaching its other namesake, Bellefontaine. This Indianapolis-Bellefontaine main line remains an important rail corridor into the early 21st Century, where it is now owned and operated by CSX Transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19177440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177440" title="Clemen ap Bledric">
Clemen ap Bledric

Clemen ap Bledric (also known as Clement or Clemens) was a 7th-century King of Dumnonia (now the English West Country).
Family, life and rule.
Born about 580, the son of Bledric ap Custennin, Clemen ruled after his father was killed by King Æthelfrith of Northumbria at the Battle of Bangor-is-Coed (Bangor-on-Dee, Powys Fadog) in about 613. He married the daughter of Guitoli ap Urbgen, who was possibly a great grandson of the late king Gerren "Llyngesic", and they had one known son, Petroc "Baladrddellt" (“Splintered Spear”) - although, according to the Welsh "Bonedd y Saint" (Genealogies of the Saints), Clemen was the father of St Petroc, other authorities state that this saint lived around a century earlier, the princely son of King Glywys of Glywysing, making it likely Clemen was actually the father of Petroc "Baladrddellt".
Some authors have Tewdwr (or Teudu) son of Peredur ruling as king in the "fl." 620s, descended from a different line of Dumnonian kings from Gerren "Llyngesic's" son Cado ap Gerren. This is as given in the Jesus College, Oxford, MS 20, although this line ends with a Judhael as Tewdwr's grandson, almost certainly Judicael ap Hoel, High King of the Bretons, and king of Domnonia in Brittany.
Battle of Beandun.
Clemen was probably king when the Britons fought the Battle of Beandun (possibly Bindon near Axmouth in Devon) in 614 when, the Anglo Saxon Chronicle tells us, King Cynegils and his son Cwichelm of Wessex invaded Dumnonia. The location of Bindon on the Devon side of the Dorset border suggests that the Dumnonian army was invading Wessex using the Roman road eastward from Exeter to Dorchester and was intercepted by a West Saxon garrison marching south. 614 is also the year that which the peace was broken on the borders of Glevissig (Glywysing), suggesting the Dumnonians co-ordinated their efforts with the kings of South Wales, such as Nynnio ap Erb who was probably ruling Gwent and Glywysing at the time.
The West Saxon army was said to have killed 2,065 British: the Britons were badly defeated and thought to have withdrawn west to the city of Caer-Uisc (Exeter). Exeter in the early 7th century was still occupied, as shown by the archaeology of surviving Roman buildings.
Siege of Exeter.
Clemen may have been reigning in 630-632 when, according to Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia Regum Britanniae, King Penda of Mercia besieged Exeter until the exiled King Cadwallon of Gwynedd arrived to defeat the Mercians. The three kings are said to have made an alliance and marched north to face the armies of Northumbria which were then occupying Gwynedd: Exeter was in the kingdom of Dumnonia, and Cadwallon is said to have made an alliance with Dumnonia's nobility though Clemen's name is not mentioned.
Today's reputable historians do not mention this siege at all, considering it together with the rest of Historia Regum Britanniae as one of Geoffrey of Monmouth's many colourful inventions.
Battle of Cefn Digoll.
Clemen may have fought at the Battle of Cefn Digoll (Long Mountain, near Welshpool in Gwynedd) in alliance with Gwynedd and Mercia, against Northumbrian domination in 630. It is not known whether the Dumnonians were part of the British army that went on to ravage Northumbria over the following years.
Literature.
He is also given in Llyfr Baglan (Book of Baglan) as a Duke of Cornwall, son of Bredrice (e.g. Bledric) and father of Pedroc (e.g. Petroc).

</doc>
<doc id="19177441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177441" title="Máiréad Ní Ghráda">
Máiréad Ní Ghráda

Máiréad Ní Ghráda (23 December 1896 – 13 June 1971) was an Irish poet, playwright, and broadcaster born in Kilmaley, County Clare.
Biography.
Ní Ghráda's mother was Bridget Ní Ghrianna while her father, Séamas Ó Gráda, was a farmer, local county councilor and a native speaker of Irish. It is thought it was from him Máiréad got her love for the Irish language and he was known to recite ancient poems such as Cúirt an Mheán Oíche.
Ní Ghráda was jailed in 1921 for selling republican flags, and later she became the secretary to the Cumann na nGaedheal TD Ernest Blythe.
Ní Ghráda was a children's program compiler on the 1926 radio station 2RN (which went on to become Radio Éireann), later becoming the station's principal announcer in 1929, holding that position until 1935 when she became a part-time announcer.
During this period Ní Ghráda began to write radio and stage productions, her play Micheál even won an Abbey Theatre award in 1933.
Notable works.
An Uacht.
Ní Ghráda's "An Uacht" was first performed in Micheál Mac Liammóir's Gate Theatre in Dublin in 1935. It was performed many times in subsequent decades.
"An Triail".
Ní Ghráda is widely known for her 1964 play "An Triail" which brought her into the public eye, showing the harshness of Irish society and the hypocrisy at the time. While the storyline in "An Triail" was clearly inspired in part by the fate which befell Sylvia Plath in 1963, the dramaturgy and techniques utilised by Ní Ghráda throughout the play were strongly influenced by Bertholt Brecht. "An Triail" remains on the Leaving Certificate course 2006-2014 for Irish.
"Breithiúnas".
Ní Ghráda's play "Breithiúnas" is well-known, and currently serves as an option of study for A-Level Irish in Northern Ireland.
"Progress in Irish".
Ní Ghráda is the author of one of the most widely used grammar books on the Irish Language, "Progress in Irish".
"An Grá agus an Gárda".
"An Grá agus an Gárda" is a 1937 comedy produced at the Peacock Theatre in Dublin focusing on a complex marital situation. Two years beforehand Ní Ghráda was forced to give up her job in RTÉ when her husband, a senior Garda, was reinstated to his post.
"Tír na Deo".
This is Ní Ghráda's 1938 translation of Peter Pan, the first in Irish.
"Manannán".
"Manannán" (1940) is regarded as the first science fiction book in Irish.

</doc>
<doc id="19177451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177451" title="Nord Gerfaut">
Nord Gerfaut

The Nord Gerfaut (en:Gyrfalcon) was a delta-wing experimental research aircraft, originally designed and built by SFECMAS - "Société Française d'Etude et de Construction de Matériel Aéronautiques Spéciaux " which was later merged with SNCAN - "Société Nationale de Constructions Aéronautiques du Nord " to form Nord Aviation.
Development.
The Nord 1402 Gerfaut series had their origin in a state sponsored study into delta and swept wings. To provide data for these studies Arsenal de l'Aéronautique (SFECMAS's nationalised predecessor) designed and built two supersonic gliders; the Arsenal 1301 and Arsenal 2301 with delta and swept surfaces respectively. Towed to the release point by SNCAC Martinet, Douglas DC-3 or SNCASE Languedoc transport aircraft, these gliders provided valuable data for the design of the Gerfaut.
To utilise this data SFECMAS engineers instigated the 1400,1500 and 1910 interceptor projects with delta wings and different propulsion systems. The 1400 developed into the Gerfaut series,the 1500 became the Nord Griffon and the 1910, with two large ramjet engines remained stillborn.
Different versions of the Arsenal / SFECMAS 1400 were studied as the:- 
By the time that construction of prototypes started the interceptor requirement had overtaken the Gerfaut so the aircraft was designed as a research aircraft.
History.
The Nord 1402A Gerfaut first flew on 15 January 1954 as a single-seat single-engined monoplane with thin delta wings and swept vertical tail surfaces and a small high-set delta tailplane. The fuselage was a cylindrical monocoque structure with a nose intake and with the cockpit mounted above it, giving the aircraft its characteristic hump-backed look. It had a retractable tricycle landing gear and was originally powered by an internal 2800 kg (6,173 lb ) thrust ATAR 101C turbojet. On the 3 August 1954 it became the first aircraft in Europe to exceed Mach 1 in level flight without afterburners. The second aircraft was the Nord 1402B Gerfaut 1B which had a larger wings and an Atar 101D engine. The third aircraft, the Nord 1405 Gerfaut II, first flown in 1956 was similar but had a refined structure, a clipped delta wing and an ATAR 101F engine. After it had finished test flying the third aircraft was used to test air intercept radars.

</doc>
<doc id="19177463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177463" title="9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was also known as the ""Hawkins' Zouaves"" or ""New York Zouaves"."
Military Service, 1861.
In April 1861 with the secession of the Southern States and the calling up of volunteers by President Abraham Lincoln, Rush C. Hawkins went to Albany, New York, and volunteered the services of a company of New York Zouaves to the state. The governor of New York accepted the offer of the company, and also granted the authorization to Hawkins to raise a regiment of Zouaves. With this authorization in hand he returned to New York City and opened a recruiting office which soon had drawn over 2,000 volunteers, this large number of recruits quickly outgrew the size of the recruiting office.
In early April the regiment moved to its new quarters at Castle Garden in New York City, where on April 23 and 27 the ten companies of the regiment were mustered into state service. After finishing their organization, the regiment was mustered into United States service on May 4, 1861, at Castle Garden by Captain S.B. Hayman of the 7th United States Infantry Regiment. On May 13 the regiment was officially numbered as the Ninth Infantry Regiment of New York Volunteers, by the War Department and New York Adjutant General's office.
On May 15 the regiment boarded a barge that was towed by the steamer “Young America” and moved from Castle Garden to its new camp on Riker’s Island. This camp was designated as Camp Hawkins and the men arrived at the camp around 10 o’clock. It was here that they completed their training and were outfitted with their uniforms, arms, and equipment.
On June 5 the regiment moved from Camp Hawkins and boarded two steamships which took them to the foot of Thirtieth Street along the East River, where they disembarked and marched up 34th Street to Fifth Avenue, proceeding to the home of Mrs. A.W. Griswold where they were presented the national colors. They then moved to the home of Mrs. W.D. Moffatt where they were presented their regimental colors. After these presentations the Regiment marched down the Avenue onto Broadway and down to Pier Four on the North River. Here the Regiment began boarding the steamer “"Marion",” however it was found that the vessel would not be large enough to hold the entire regiment properly for the trip. With the men and equipment loaded onto the “"Marion"” she steamed out to a point between Bedloe's Island and Castle Williams where she dropped anchor for the night. It was during this brief trip that the regiment suffered its first casualty when Albert “Tobe” Warren died after he fell overboard during that afternoon.
The following morning (June 6) the "Marion" steamed down the river and dropped anchor off of Staten Island to await the arrival of the additional transport required for the regiment. Shortly thereafter the steamer “"George Peabody"” arrived and 400 men of the regiment were transferred from the "Marion" to her. Once this was completed the two vessels set sail for Newport News, Virginia. The regiment served at Newport News from June 8, 1861; Companies C, G and H at Hatteras, North Carolina, from August 27, 1861; and the regiment at Hatteras from September 10, 1861.
Military Service, 1862.
The regiment served in the 3d Brigade, Burnside's North Carolina Expedition, from January, 1862; at Roanoke, North Carolina, from February 3, 1862; in 4th Brigade, Hawkins' Coast Division (3d), 9th Corps, from March, 1862; in the 1st Brigade, 3d Division, 9th Corps, from July, 1862. With Gen. Burnside's force, the regiment arrived at Roanoke Island, early in February and was actively engaged in the battle there, losing 17 members. It participated in an expedition to Winston; returned to camp on Roanoke Island; was brigaded with the 89th N. Y. and 6th N. H. under Col. Hawkins; was in expeditions to Elizabeth City, and lost 75 men at South Mills. On July 10, the regiment was ordered to Norfolk, Virginia, camped at Newport News, until September 4, when it moved to Washington, D.C., and to Frederick, Maryland, on the 12th. Here it became a part of the Army of the Potomac; was active at South mountain and Antietam, with a loss in the latter battle of 233 killed, wounded and missing. After camping in detachments at various points, the regiment was concentrated at Fredericksburg, Virginia, participated in the battle there in December.
Military Service, 1863.
The regiment camped at Falmouth, Virginia until Feb. 1, 1863, except Co. F, which had remained as garrison at Plymouth, North Carolina, rejoining the regiment on Jan. 26. In February the 9th was ordered back to Suffolk, where it remained until May, the expiration of its term of service. May 6, 1863 the three years' men of the regiment, which latter had left for New York city, May 3, 1863, were assigned to the 3d Infantry. In April or May, 1863, the War Department authorized Capt. R. H. Morris of this regiment to organize a battery of members of his regiment, whose term of service had not expired. It was to consist of 110 men, but failed to complete its existence; 44 of the men assigned to the proposed battery deserted, the remainder were assigned to the 3d Infantry.
The regiment was mustered out of United States service on May 20, 1863, at New York City, New York, following the expiration of its term of service.
9th New York Veteran Volunteers.
With the mustering out of the 9th Regiment in May 1863, the Governor of New York authorized Major Edward Jardine to re-organize them as the 9th New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiment, and appointed Major Jardine as colonel of the newly organizing regiment. After several weeks of recruiting the command was organized into two companies under ex-Hawkins Zouaves officers William Barnett and James B. Horner. The two companies went into camp as a battalion at Fort Hamilton, New York, where training and recruiting was continued.
From July 13 to 16, 1863, the City of New York exploded in several violent riots in reaction to the draft. During these the two companies were called out to help protect the city. In the ensuing fighting between soldiers and civilians Colonel Jardine was severely wounded when he was shot in the hip. As a result of this wound he was taken out of service for several months, and even after returning to the field was only able to perform light duties. The companies of the 9th Veterans acquitted themselves well in the action, and received notice in the reports of Colonel Winslow of the 5th New York Veteran Volunteers.
On October 14, 1863, with the failure of the regiment to fully organize, the companies (under the command of Captain James B. Horner) were ordered to be consolidated into the 17th New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiment, along with the men of the reorganizing 11th Veterans, 38th Veterans, and the ""Union Sharpshooters."" As such they were mustered into United States service as Company H (Captain James B. Horner) and Company I (Captain William Barnett) of the 17th Veterans. As for Colonel Jardine, he was mustered into service as Lieutenant Colonel of the 17th Veterans.
Casualties.
During the regiments term of service it suffered the following casualties.
Commanders.
29 years old. Enrolled on May 4, 1861, at New York City, New York, for three years service; mustered into service as Colonel of the Regiment on May 4, 1861, at Castle Garden, New York; wounded in action on April 19, 1862, at Camden, North Carolina; commanding the 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, 9th Army Corps, in 1862; mustered out of service with the Regiment on May 20, 1863, at New York City, New York.
34 years old. Enrolled on April 23, 1861, at New York City, New York, for three years service; mustered into service as Lieutenant Colonel of the Regiment on May 4, 1861; resigned his commission on February 14, 1862.
38 years old. Enrolled on April 23, 1861, at New York City, New York, for three years service; mustered into service as Major of the Regiment on May 4, 1861; promoted to Lieutenant Colonel on February 14, 1862; murdered on April 12, 1863, by Brigadier General Michael Corcoran, U.S. Volunteers, near Suffolk, Virginia.
31 years old. Enlisted on May 3, 1861, at New York City, New York, for three years service; mustered into service as Captain of Company G of the 9th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment on May 4, 1861; promoted to Major on February 14, 1862; wounded in action on April 19, 1862, at Camden, North Carolina; mustered out of service with the Regiment on May 20, 1863, at New York City, New York. Appointed as Colonel of the 9th New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiment on May 29, 1863, for three years service; seriously wounded in the thigh on July 17, 1863, at New York City, New York, during the Draft Riots; mustered out of service on October 14, 1863, at New York City, New York. Enrolled and is mustered into service as Lieutenant Colonel of the 17th New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiment on October 17, 1863, at Albany, New York, for three years service; granted a ten-day leave of absence on account of physical disability on May 9, 1864; honorably discharged on May 10, 1864, to accept an appointment. Appointed as Captain of the 4th Company, 2nd Battalion, Veteran Reserve Corps, to date from May 3, 1864; resigns his commission in the Veteran Reserve Corps on April 12, 1866. on November 2, 1828, in New York City, New York; served as the National Vice Commander-in-Chief of the Grand Army of the Republic, no dates; died on July 16, 1893, in New York City, New York; buried at Greenwood Cemetery, Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19177465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177465" title="USS Faribault (AK-179)">
USS Faribault (AK-179)

USS "Faribault" (AK-179) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. "Faribault" served U.S. military forces in the Pacific Ocean until shortly after the war when she was deactivated. During the Korean War, she was reactivated and served with distinction, having been awarded two battle stars before final decommissioning.
Built in California.
"Faribault" (AK-179) was launched 24 February 1945 by Kaiser Cargo, Inc., Richmond, California; sponsored by Mrs. L. J. Morand; acquired by the Navy from the U.S. Maritime Commission 20 April 1945; and commissioned the same day, Lieutenant Commander C. O. Fulgham, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
Between 16 June 1945 and 1 September, "Faribault" voyaged from San Francisco, California, to Leyte and Eniwetok with cargo, then sailed again 29 September with cargo for use in the occupation of Japan. 
She remained in the western Pacific Ocean, carrying cargo to and from Yokosuka, Guam, Saipan, Okinawa, Luzon, Samar, and Manus Island, until returning to San Francisco 23 April 1946. "Faribault" was decommissioned at Seattle, Washington, 10 July 1946, and returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission the following day.
Korean War reactivation.
Reacquired 16 May 1947, "Faribault" was recommissioned 26 June 1947 at Bremerton, Washington, and assigned to duty in the Service Force, Pacific Fleet, based on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. 
She ranged among the islands of the Hawaiian, Marshall, Caroline, and Philippine groups, as well as other isolated islands such as Johnston Island. Between 7 November 1952 and 22 July 1953, she carried cargo from Pearl Harbor to Japan and Korea for support of the troops in Korea, then returned to duty in the Central Pacific.
"Faribault" served in the Far East once more between 11 August 1954 and 3 April 1955, and during September, October, and November 1954, lay at Tourane and Haiphong, Indochina, acting as fleet issue ship to the force carrying out Operation Passage to Freedom, the evacuation of civilian refugees from Communist-held North Vietnam. From April 1955 through the remainder of the year, she carried cargo from Pearl Harbor to Midway Islands and the Marshall Islands.
Final decommissioning.
On 13 April 1956 she arrived at San Diego, California, where she was placed out of commission in reserve 20 July 1956. Transferred to the Maritime administration, 14 December 1960. Sold for scrapping 14 December 1960, to the Learner Co.
Honors and awards.
"Faribault" received two battle stars for Korean War service.

</doc>
<doc id="19177472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177472" title="Nedelja na Duhove">
Nedelja na Duhove

Nedelja na Duhove (trans. "Pentecost Sunday") is the only album by Serbian rock supergroup Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo. 
History.
The band went to Budapest and recorded the album in the Utopia Studio during January and February 1995. The band recorded with Hungarian musicians Zoltan Metenyi (drums), Istvan Steve Alapi (guitar) and guest musicians from famous Serbian bands - Nenad Stefanović Japanac (bass and guitar), Milan Đurđević (keyboards) and Aleksandra and Kristina Kovač who did the backing vocals.
The CD was released through Eastfield music in 1995. Two promotional videos were recorded, for tracks "Čekaj me" ("Wait For Me"), for which Nebojša Krstić provided vocals, and "Zemlja" ("Earth"), sung by Srđan Šaper. Krstić also provided vocals for "Kratko pismo (za dugo rastajanje)" and "Nedelja na Duhove". Besides "Zemlja", Šaper did the vocals on "Arcadia", "Laura" (with lyrics in English language) and both "Sestrice mala" and "Little Sister", two versions of the same song, in Serbian and English, respectively. Kiki Lesendrić was the record producer and arranger and provided vocals for "Mala pesma" and "Ako prestanem da te volim".
Even though the album was commercially successful, the band did not last.
Track listing.
All tracks by Nebojša Krstić, Srđan Šaper and Zoran Lesendrić Kiki.

</doc>
<doc id="19177479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177479" title="The Organization (band)">
The Organization (band)

The Organization was a heavy metal band formed in 1991 after the breakup of the thrash metal band Death Angel. The band incorporated elements of metal, funk, and alt rock, releasing two albums in the early 1990s on Metal Blade Records. The band included the original line-up of musicians from Death Angel minus singer Mark Osegueda who left the music business to go to college. The Organization disbanded after bassist Dennis Pepa left the band in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19177481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177481" title="Candy DeRouge">
Candy DeRouge

Wolfgang Detmann, better known as Candy de Rouge (sometimes credited as Alexandre DeRouge), is a German producer and songwriter. He has worked extensively with the likes of Jennifer Rush, Celine Dion, Bonnie Bianco, Sally Oldfield, Laura Branigan, Thomas Anders, Chris Norman, Falco, The Window Speaks, Helen Schneider and other international artists. He has been credited with co-writing "The Power of Love," which became a massive international success as a single for both Rush, Branigan and Dion.
He has more recently being involved with the projects of the Cooltown Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="19177484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177484" title="Show Me Your Way">
Show Me Your Way

Show Me Your Way is the 48th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1991 (see 1991 in music).
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Singles - CCM charts (United States)
Awards.
"Where Shadows Never Fall" won a Dove Award for Best Southern Gospel Song in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19177496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177496" title="Electoral district of Morley">
Electoral district of Morley

Morley is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia.
Morley existed as an electoral district from 1974 to 1996, and was restored as an electorate name in 2008. Between 1983 and 1989 it was known was Morley-Swan.
The district is situated in the northern suburbs of Perth.
Geography.
Situated in the densely populated inner northern suburbs of Perth, the district covers the entirety of the suburb of Noranda, most of Morley and Dianella and parts of Bedford, Beechboro and Kiara.
History.
Morley was first created for the 1974 state election. At the 1983 state election, it was renamed Morley-Swan with the abolition of Swan. The district reverted to the name Morley at the 1989 state election and was abolished ahead of the 1996 state election.
The district was held by Labor at all times, with the exception of the period between 1991 and 1993, when former Labor MP Frank Donovan sat as an independent. The member at the time of Morley's abolition, Labor MP Clive Brown, went on to represent the newly created seat of Bassendean from 1996 to 2005.
A new district named Morley was created for the 2008 state election following the one vote one value reforms. The majority of the district's voters came from the abolished seat of Ballajura. Nearly all of the remainder of district's territory formerly belonged to Yokine and Maylands; a small part also came from Bassendean.
The new district was created with a Labor majority of 59.9% to 40.1% versus the Liberal Party. However, Liberal candidate Ian Britza captured the seat at the 2008 state election, overcoming the large notional margin due in part to the candidacy of independent candidate and former MP for Ballajura John D'Orazio, who directed preferences to the Liberal candidate ahead of Labor candidate Reece Whitby.

</doc>
<doc id="19177504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177504" title="FreeHeadset.org">
FreeHeadset.org

FreeHeadset.org is an organization that promotes wireless phone safety by distributing free cell phone headsets to drivers. (They do charge a small amount for shipping, $3.94 .)
The organization gives away free headsets to drivers on their website and at various events. To date they've distributed over 250,000 headsets to drivers in the United States and Canada.
Footnotes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="19177505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177505" title="Mancunian">
Mancunian

Mancunian is the associated adjective and demonym of Manchester, a city in North West England. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19177512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177512" title="Battle of Rheinfelden">
Battle of Rheinfelden

The Battle of Rheinfelden was a military event in the course of the Thirty Years' War, consisting in fact of two battles fought in 1638 to the north and south of the present-day town of Rheinfelden, between a mercenary army led by Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar and an Holy Roman Empire army led by Johann von Werth. Bernhard was defeated in the first battle but managed to defeat and capture Von Werth in the second.
Prelude.
Following the Swedish defeat at the Battle of Nördlingen in 1634, Bernhard's mercenary army had come under the pay of France. Having been pushed back over the Rhine by the Imperial advance Bernhard's army had settled in Alsace during 1635 and had done little except help repulse the Imperial invasion of France under the Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand and General Matthias Gallas in 1636.
Early in February 1638, having been prodded by the French government Bernhard advanced his army to the Rhine in order to find a crossing. Arriving at an important crossing point at the town of Rheinfelden, Bernhard prepared to invest the town from the south and using the ferry at Beuggen threw troops across the river in order to complete the investment from the north. The attack on the town was to be made on March 1.
In order to prevent this, the Imperialists, under the Italian mercenary Count Federico Savelli and Johann von Werth, moved through the Black Forest to attack Bernhard's army and relieve the town.
The First Battle.
The advance guard of the Imperial army, having advanced down the right bank of the river, was pushed back by Bernhard. This gave him time to deploy more troops and artillery onto the north bank of the river. However, by the time Savelli appeared with the main body of his force only half of Bernhard's army had made it to the north bank.
Bernhard drew up his army to prevent Savelli from relieving the town. Savelli deployed the Imperial army opposite Bernhard but because of the rough ground there was little chance for both armies to retain their formation. Savelli drove back Berhard's left flank while on the opposite end of the field Bernhard routed the Imperial right. Like a revolving door both armies swung round giving Savelli the chance to capture the ferry and cut off Bernhard from his troops on the south back. At the days end the armies were facing each other in the positions that the other had started the battle in. 
Bernhard's March.
Although the Imperialists held the field Bernhard's losses were not serious and he resolved to unite both parts of his army. Avoiding Imperialist detachments Bernhard marched east along the Rhine to the village of Laufenburg. There, having crossed the Rhine and united his army, Bernhard turned back towards Rheinfelden.
The Second Battle.
Believing Bernhard's army defeated and scattered, the Imperialist army failed to take precautions. Around 7 am Savelli's outposts were astonished to see Bernhard's army approaching and withdrew towards Rheinfelden to report Bernhard's presence as Savelli and Werth assembled their army in haste. Bernhard had his artillery fire three times into the Imperial ranks before a final charge broke the Imperialist army. Troops coming out of Rheinfelden to help were also caught by Bernhard and forced to surrender. Both Savelli and Werth were captured.
Aftermath.
Bernhard's victory enabled him to march north along the Rhine to initiate the siege of Breisach.

</doc>
<doc id="19177516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177516" title="Angoor Ada">
Angoor Ada

The Afghan village Shkin lies just to the west of Angoor Ada. The actual authoritative Durand Line international boundary, first demarcated in 1895, slices through the east side of the main bazaar area, placing most of the built up area legally in Afghanistan. However, the military forces and gates enforcing border control are several hundred meters west of the boundary and thus west of the main bazaar area, placing nearly all of the village's built-up area under the control of forces in Pakistan. 
The population in the area consists of tribesmen that share the Taliban's Pashtun ethnicity and are said to be fiercely conservative and antagonistic towards Pakistani authorities who wield almost no control here, being limited in their movements to 100 yards on each side of the road. In 2003 it was reported that eight people had been gunned down in Angoor Ada, suspected of being US informants.
Angoor Ada in the War on Terror.
In 2003 the hunt for Osama bin Laden was said by U.S. officials to be narrowed to a section of South Waziristan, namely the area covering the towns Angoor Ada and Wana.
The 2008 Angoor Ada raid.
On September 3, 2008 a raid was conducted by a US military force on Angoor Ada in which 20 civilians, including at least 3 women and 4 children, were killed. This is not the first time Afghan based US troops cross the Afghan-Pakistani border in pursuit of enemy fighters, but was the first to be widely reported.

</doc>
<doc id="19177525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177525" title="Greatest Hits Volume Two (The Judds album)">
Greatest Hits Volume Two (The Judds album)

Greatest Hits Volume Two is the second greatest hits collection released in 1991 by the American country music duo The Judds. It features ten tracks from their previous studio albums. No new material was recorded for this album. This was also their final release before Wynonna Judd parted for a solo career.

</doc>
<doc id="19177530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177530" title="The Watchman (novel)">
The Watchman (novel)

The Watchman is a 2007 detective novel by Robert Crais. It is the eleventh in a series of linked novels centering on the private investigator Elvis Cole's partner Joe Pike.
Awards.
The novel won the Barry Award for the Best Thriller of 2007 and the Mystery Ink Gumshoe Award for the Best Thriller of 2007; and was nominated for both the 2007 Anthony Award for "Best Novel" and the International Thriller Writers Thriller Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19177554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177554" title="Rutherglen Castle">
Rutherglen Castle

Rutherglen Castle was located where Castle Street meets King Street in Rutherglen. It was a large and important castle, having been built in the 13th century; the walls were reportedly 5 feet thick. The castle fell under the control of the English during the First War of Scottish Independence and was later besieged several times by Robert The Bruce. It was eventually retaken by his brother Edward Bruce but was spared destruction, unlike so many of the other castles recaptured from the English. However, the castle was burned to the ground by James Stewart, 1st Earl of Moray, in 1569, in retribution against the Hamiltons of Shawfield for having supported Mary, Queen of Scots, at the Battle of Langside.

</doc>
<doc id="19177560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177560" title="The Village at Shirlington">
The Village at Shirlington

The Village at Shirlington opened as Shirlington Shopping Center in 1944, and was the first large shopping center to open in the Washington, D.C. suburbs and one of the earliest in the United States. It is located along Campbell Avenue (formerly South 28th Street) at the intersection of Shirley Highway and Quaker Lane / Shirlington Road in Arlington, Virginia. The center has been known since the mid-1980s as The Village at Shirlington.
History.
The center was originally developed by Joseph Cherner, automobile dealer and banker, on a 23 acre site to provide for the basic shopping needs of the nearby sprawling Parkfairfax, developed by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and the Defense Homes Corporation development at Fairlington. He established the Shirlington Corporation in August 1943, and the first store opened in June 1944. The center expanded gradually, with an increasing variety of retail offerings. In 1947, the local women’s clothing chain Jelleff's chain opened a store; its fourth branch and first suburban location. It was also known as ‘’’Shirlington Business Center’’’. By the time of its fifth anniversary, there were 48 stores operating in the shopping center. In addition to Jelleff's, there was an Acme supermarket, F.W. Woolworth, Singer Sewing Center, Fanny Farmer candy, Firestone as well as standard local offerings, such as a Shirley Food Store. In 1951, the center expanded with 25 additional stores.
On September 14, 1959, the Lansburgh's department store opened its second suburban branch location at Shirlington. The store cost $2.5 million to construct. It would be the center’s only anchor department store. It closed in May 1973, and reopened as a Best Products store.
The center declined during the 1970s because of the economic slump and growing competition from close by modern shopping malls, including Springfield Mall. In 1982, the Oliver T. Carr Co. unveiled a $250 million dollar plan to redevelop the then shopping center. Since then, the center has been expanded and renamed The Village at Shirlington. It is now owned and managed by Federal Realty Investment Trust, which purchased it in 1995.
In 2005, after years of planning between Federal Realty Investment Trust and Arlington County, construction began on an expansion of The Village at Shirlington, which added 650 apartment and condominium units, doubled the length of the main street, more retail space including a Harris Teeter grocery store, a branch library, and a new home for the Signature Theatre. The goal is "to increase the number of people in Shirlington to create a round-the-clock environment there."
As of 2012, The Village at Shirlington has a wide variety of eating options. Restaurants include: Aladdin's Eatery, Bonsai Grill, Capitol City Brewing Company, Robeks, The Bungalow, Aroma Indian Restaurant, Busboys & Poets, Caribou Coffee, Guapo's Restaurant, Luna Grill & Diner, Yogi Berry, Carlyle Grand Cafe, Subway, Best Buns Bread Company, Cakelove, Cheestique, Johnny Rockets, PING by Charlie Chiang's, and T.H.A.I in Shirlington.

</doc>
<doc id="19177571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177571" title="River (Barking and Dagenham ward)">
River (Barking and Dagenham ward)

River ward is a political division returning three Councillors to the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham. Elected representation is by Inder Singh Jamu, Liam Smith, and Patricia Twomey, all of the Labour Party (UK).

</doc>
<doc id="19177581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177581" title="Elton John videography">
Elton John videography

Since before the start of MTV, Elton John has been making promotional music videos, beginning early in his career with "Your Song". Music videos in the 1970s were not quite common and Elton made only a few during that decade. It wasn't until he teamed with director Russell Mulcahy to film a music video album entitled "Visions"- that included every song off of his 1981 album "The Fox"- that Elton steadfastly filmed music videos for nearly every single in his long career. Elton is usually featured in each of his videos, despite publicly complaining that he "loathes them", but beginning in 2001 Elton began appearing less and less in his own videos, sometimes opting to have other actors, such famous names as Justin Timberlake and Robert Downey, Jr, lip-synch the lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="19177584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177584" title="Triumph Thunderbird (2009)">
Triumph Thunderbird (2009)

The Triumph Thunderbird is Triumph motorcycle made in Hinckley, England, and sold since June 2009. 
The name "Thunderbird" is revived from a previous Triumph three-cylinder 885 cc bike. The last iteration was the Thunderbird Sport last made in 2004.
The Thunderbird is a cruiser with a large 200/50 R17 rear tyre. Design was by Tim Prentice in California. The DOHC eight-valve parallel-twin engine has two balance shafts and a 270° crank, which imitates the sound and feel of a V-twin. The engine was originally intended to be modular, namely "two-thirds of" a Triumph Rocket III engine; but after four years of development, the only parts in common are the valves. Power output is and torque is . 
The engine has two spark plugs per cylinder, which gives better combustion, resulting in lower fuel consumption, cleaner exhaust emissions, and more power. Brakes are double front discs with four-piston callipers, with a single rear disc also with two-piston callipers (ABS as option). Final drive is via a belt drive.
In 2011, the Thunderbird Storm variant model was released featuring the previously-optional engine fitted as standard, twin headlamps and with a number of black, rather than chrome parts 
Reception.
A road test of the Thunderbird by "Motorcycle News" in May 2009,
found that the motorcycle performed well, and handling and braking were significantly superior to comparable American or Japanese cruiser models.
In 2009 and 2010, US motorcycle magazine "Cycle World" awarded the Thunderbird "Best Cruiser" in its annual "Ten Best Bikes" feature.

</doc>
<doc id="19177590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177590" title="Seven Apostolic Men">
Seven Apostolic Men

According to Christian tradition, the Seven Apostolic Men ("siete varones apostólicos") were seven Christian clerics ordained in Rome by Saints Peter and Paul and sent to evangelize Spain. This group includes Torquatus, Caecilius, Ctesiphon, Euphrasius, Indaletius, Hesychius, and Secundius ("Torcuato, Cecilio, Tesifonte, Eufrasio, Indalecio Hesiquio y Segundo").
It is not clear whether the seven men were Romans, Greeks, or natives of Hispania.
The "Martyrology of Lyon" (806 AD) incorporated text from a fifth-century source, and the seven saints are mentioned in the Mozarabic liturgy.
According to manuscripts of the 10th century, which in turn recorded information from the 8th or 9th centuries, these seven clerics arrived at "Acci" (Guadix) during the celebrations in honor of Jupiter, Mercury, and Juno. The pagans chased them to the river, but the bridge collapsed miraculously and the seven men were saved. A noblewoman named Luparia, interested in their mission, hid them and converted to Christianity after building an altar in honor of John the Baptist.
The Dominican writer Rodrigo de Cerrato also wrote about the Seven Apostolic Men during the 13th century.
The seven cities.
The seven missionaries decided to evangelize various parts of the region of Baetica: Torquatus remained in Acci (Guadix), Ctesiphon went to "Vergium" or "Bergi" (Berja), Hesychius to "Carcere" (Cazorla), Indalecius went to "Urci" (Pechina), Secundius to "Abula" (identified as Ávila or Abla), Euphrasius to "Iliturgis" (a site near Andújar), and Caecilius to "Iliberri" or "Iliberis" (Elvira/Granada).
The identification of these places is imprecise: other sources state that "Carcere" or "Carcesi" is not Cazorla but Cieza, and that Urci is Torre de Villaricos, and Iliturgis is Cuevas de Lituergo. The only identification considered certain is that of Iliberis with Elvira, seat of the Synod of Elvira, whose first bishop, according to the "Glosas Emilianenses", was Caecilius.
Associations with Saint James the Great (Santiago).
Traditions attributed to them actions other say were carried out James the Great. An author of the ninth century linked this tradition of the Seven Apostolic Men with that of Saint James the Great in a text known as "Translatio S. Iacobi in Hispaniam". According to this text, seven disciples of James brought his body to the Roman province of Hispania after his martyrdom at Jerusalem. The seven disciples, pursued by a pagan king in Spain, hid in a fountain protected by a crypt; when the pagan soldiers entered the crypt, it collapsed, killing them all. A woman, named Luparia, converted to Christianity and had James’ body placed in a building previously dedicated to the Roman gods. This tradition also states that three of these disciples, Torquatus, Athanasius (a name that does not correspond to the usual list of names of these seven name), and Ctesiphon, were buried with James.
Veneration.
There are statues of all seven saints, in addition one of Saint Peter, at the Cathedral of Guadix.
Pope John Paul II, during his first trip to Spain in 1982, remarked that Spain “was conquered for the faith by the missionary zeal of the Seven Apostolic Men.”
Saint Euphrasius’ relics were taken to Santa María de Mao in the diocese of Lugo.
Torquatus' relics.
Torquatus' relics were rediscovered in the eighth century during the Moorish invasion of Spain, in a church built in his honor, near the Limia River.
Torquatus' relics and those of Euphrasius were translated to Galicia. Torquatus’ relics remained for a long time in the Visigothic church of Santa Comba de Bande.
In the 10th century, Torquatus' relics were translated to San Salvador de Celanova (in Celanova, Orense).
In 1592, the sepulcher was opened and part of Torquatus’ relics were distributed to Guadix, Compostela, and Orense, and also to El Escorial, and to the Jesuit college at Guadix, and in 1627, to Granada. The relics that remained in San Salvador de Celanova were placed in the main chapel of the church of the monastery, together with those of Saint Rudesind, the monastery’s founder.
The Cathedral of Guadix conserves three relics associated with Saint Torquatus: his arm, his jawbone, and his calcaneus (this last relic is not on display).

</doc>
<doc id="19177602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177602" title="Yanko Sandanski">
Yanko Sandanski

Yanko Sandanski (; born 20 February 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Slavia Sofia as a midfielder. 
Career.
He is defensive midfielder. Yanko was raised in CSKA Sofia's youth teams. He is a grandson of Yane Sandanski.

</doc>
<doc id="19177605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177605" title="Aïr and Ténéré Addax Sanctuary">
Aïr and Ténéré Addax Sanctuary

The Aïr and Ténéré Addax Sanctuary is a nature reserve in the north center of the nation of Niger. The reserve forms part of the larger Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Aïr and Ténéré National Nature Reserve covers , of which form the Aïr and Ténéré Addax Sanctuary.
The Sanctuary exists to protect the critically endangered Addax, which once roamed much of the Aïr Mountains and Ténéré desert. Established 1 January 1988, the sanctuary IUCN type Ia Strict Nature Reserve, the most restricted faunal reserve in Niger.
Plans in the early 1990s to reintroduce captive bred Addax into the sanctuary were derailed by the advent of the 1990s Tuareg insurgency, while reimplementation has been stopped by fighting which erupted in 2007. As of 2006, it was feared that whatever Addax population remained in the sanctuary was no longer self-sustaining.

</doc>
<doc id="19177632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177632" title="Dag Achatz">
Dag Achatz

Dag Achatz is a Swedish virtuoso pianist and composer. His recording for BIS of his own transcription, for piano 2 hands, of Stravinsky's Rite of Spring is widely acknowledged to be one of the great recordings of the 20th century. Leonard Bernstein asked him to transcribe his ballet, Fancy Free, which Achatz then recorded along with his own transcription of Bernstein's Symphonic Danses from West Side Story.
Born in Stockholm in 1942 of a Swedish mother and a Viennese father, both musicians, he was raised in Switzerland, where he entered the Geneva Conservatory at age of 8. Graduating with honors, he continued his studies with Greta Eriksson in Stockholm, with Adolf Cortot and Guido Agosti in Siena, and with Susanne Roche and Vlado Perlemuter in Paris. In 1960 he claimed victory in the Rudolf Ganz Competition in Lausanne, and in 1964 took first price at the coveted Maria Canals Competition in Barcelona. He was also a prizewinner at the Bavarian Radio Competition in Munich and the Viotti Competition in Vercelli. He has since performed in more than 25 countries and in most major musical Centers, including London, Paris, New York, Boston, Berlin, Moscow, St Petersburg, Vienna, Tokyo and Beijing.
Achatz has played more than 1000 recitals and has performed more than 240 times with orchestras including the radio orchestras of Stockholm, Munich, Paris, Stuttgart, Torino, Milan, and with the Orchestre de Pasdeloup of Paris, l´Orchestre de l´Opera de Monte Carlo, the Gewandhaus of Leipzig, the Staatskapelle of Dresden, and with the Philarmonic Orchestras of Stockholm, Oslo, Barcelona and Lisbon. He has participated in the international music festivals of Montreux, Aix-en-Provence and Savonlina in Finland. He has also collaborated with many eminent conductors, including Celibidache, Bernstein, Kertesz, Zinmann, Kamu, Maris Jansons and others. His master classes have taken him to the Academie-Festival des Arcs in France, the Institute of Advanced Musical Studies in Montreux, the Osaka Conservatory in Japan, and the Umea International Academy in Sweden.
Dag Achatz serves frequently on the juries of international competitions, including those at Jaen, the Clara Haskil, Vercelli, Paris, Oporto, Munich, (Bavarian Radio Orchestra Competition), and many others.
In chamber music and lieder, he has performed with the Da Ponte Quartet, the Fresk String Quartet, with singers Barbara Hendricks, Birgit Finnilä, Hugues Cuenod and Joanna Porackova, and in four-hand music with Yukie Nagai. He has made more than two dozen recordings for BIS, CBS, EMI, Melodiya and Americus Records. His best-selling CD of the music of Gershwin, on the BIS label, has been widely praised, as are his recordings of Debussy, Ravel, Scriabin, Schumann, Liszt, Stenhammar, Grieg and many others.
Outside the established classical music world, he also worked on stage with French singer-songwriter Léo Ferré, during the mid-70's.

</doc>
<doc id="19177640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177640" title="LY Aurigae">
LY Aurigae

LY Aurigae is an eclipsing binary variable star of Beta Lyr type in the constellation Auriga, plus a third fainter companion. All three are hot massive main sequence or slightly evolved stars, very luminous but emitting most of their energy in the ultraviolet.

</doc>
<doc id="19177644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177644" title="JCSEE">
JCSEE

Created in 1975, the Joint Committee on Standards for Educational Evaluation (JCSEE) is a nonprofit organization incorporated exclusively for developing evaluation standards and promoting their use. Since 1989, the Joint Committee has been a member organization of the American National Standards Institute and follows ANSI procedures in developing, revising, and approving standards. The Committee performs its work on behalf of its constituents, namely, the people and groups involved in conducting educational evaluations and using the results of educational evaluations. The Joint Committee has three sets of standards published at this time: The Student Evaluation Standards, The Personnel Evaluation Standards and The Program Evaluation Standards.
Related links.
JCSEE Home Page
American National Standards Institute Webstore

</doc>
<doc id="19177652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177652" title="Matt Lipsey">
Matt Lipsey

Matt Lipsey is a British television and film director. His work includes Baby Cow Productions sitcoms "Human Remains" and "Saxondale", and Hartswood Films series "Supernova", "The Cup" and "Jekyll". His first film, "Caught in the Act", was released in 2008. In 2009 he directed the BBC Two sitcom "Psychoville".
In 2005 he was presented with a British Academy Television Award for his work directing the second series of "Little Britain".
In 2013, he directed "Gangsta Granny".

</doc>
<doc id="19177674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177674" title="Ibn Khuldoon National School">
Ibn Khuldoon National School

The Ibn Khuldoon National School is a school in Isa Town, Bahrain. The school is private, coeducational, non-profit, self-supporting, and bilingual.
Background.
In 2007, 113 students, including His Majesty King Hamad's son Shaikh Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa, and His Majesty King Hamed son sultans is in the school graduated with 47 achieving International Baccalaureates (IB), 27 graduating from the Honour Society, 11 with distinction, eight with high distinction and three from the Student Congress.
Also in 2007, a team from the school won the 2006-2007 TradeQuest programme, The Investment Trading Challenge, a simulated stock-trading programme.
In 2009, the school won the annual OnionBag Under-19 Girls Soccer Tournament in Dubai for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19177675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177675" title="David Brumley">
David Brumley

David Brumley is an Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon University. He is a well-known researcher in software security, network security, and applied cryptography. Prof. Brumley also worked for 5 years as a Computer Security Officer for Stanford University.
Some of his notable accomplishments include:

</doc>
<doc id="19177718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177718" title="St Wulfran's Church, Ovingdean">
St Wulfran's Church, Ovingdean

St Wulfran's Church, dedicated to the 7th-century French archbishop Wulfram of Sens, is an Anglican church in Ovingdean, a rural village now within the English city of Brighton and Hove. Parts of the structure date from the early 12th century, and the church is listed at Grade I, a designation used for buildings "of outstanding architectural or historic interest".
History.
A church existed in Ovingdean at the time of the Domesday Book, which recorded it as an ecclesiola ("little church"). This was rebuilt in the early 12th century, and most sources agree that no trace of the Saxon-era building remains. The 12th-century chancel and nave form the basis of the present structure. A tower was added at the west end in the 13th century, as was an aisle on the south side (reached by twin archways cut through from the nave). This aisle no longer exists, and its fate is uncertain; however, ancient scorch marks and discoloured brickwork in the south wall of the nave suggest fire damage by the same French raiders who destroyed neighbouring Rottingdean's St Margaret's in 1377. (A stone tablet in the church also makes this claim.)
There were no significant alterations for several centuries after the tower was added, apart from a porch on the south side in the early 19th century, but like many ancient churches in the Brighton area St Wulfran's was subjected to a major restoration in the Victorian era. This took place from 1865 to 1867, and involved the rebuilding of the chancel arches to form one large central arch flanked by two smaller ones, replacement of all the pews, and new panelling and roof timbers in the chancel. These were designed and painted by Charles Eamer Kempe, who had been born in the village and who later became a noted stained glass designer. Before his death in 1907, he provided seven windows for the church; he also designed a rood screen for the chancel, which was carved in the German village of Oberammergau. (The village, famous for its woodcarving tradition, also supplied an intricately carved reredos to St Martin's Church in Brighton's Round Hill district.) There are other painted and stencilled panels from the 19th century throughout the church, representing various Biblical scenes. The reredos was also designed in the late 19th century, and depicts various figures including St Richard of Chichester.
A chapel was built on the south side in 1907. One had been planned since the 12th-century rebuild, when an archway intended to lead to it was provided in the wall of the chancel. A vestry was added in an architecturally complementary style in the mid-1980s.
The churchyard surrounds the church on three sides, and is home to an ancient yew tree which may be up to 1,000 years old. William Willett, a campaigner for daylight saving time, and Brighton-born inventor Magnus Volk—a pioneering electrical engineer who built an early electric car and the Volk's Railway, the world's oldest surviving electric railway—are buried in the churchyard. Members of the Kemp(e) family, including Charles Eamer Kempe himself, are also buried there. Nathaniel Kemp, who built the 18th-century Ovingdean Hall, the main building in the village, and his wife Martha share a tomb on the south side of the church; the tombstone was designed by Charles, who was later buried in the same tomb. The grave of Helena Normanton, the first woman to practise as a barrister in the United Kingdom, can also be found. Resident in Brighton since the age of four, she campaigned for various rights for women, such as advocating the use of maiden names professionally and recommending that women save any spare housekeeping money for their own use. She was also the first benefactor of the nearby University of Sussex. The Jex-Blake family, who lived in Brighton for a time, have a large, ornate tomb in the churchyard, although their most notable member is not buried there. Sophia Jex-Blake is commemorated on the memorial stone, however. She overcame opposition to train as one of the first female doctors in the United Kingdom, helped to found the London and Edinburgh Schools of Medicine for Women, and started a women's and children's hospital in Edinburgh.
The dedication to Wulfram of Sens (in any spelling) is very rare. Only one other extant church in England bears it: the parish church of Grantham in Lincolnshire. A connection between the two may lie with Norman nobleman William de Warenne, one of England's main landowners in the 11th century, who owned land in both Ovingdean and Grantham. Another Lincolnshire church with the same dedication, at Dorrington, is no longer in use.
Architecture.
St Wulfran's Church is built entirely of flint, other than narrow stone quoins at the corners of walls. Although churches incorporating some flint are common in Sussex, St Wulfran's is the only all-flint church in the historic county. The roof was originally slate, but tiles have replaced most of the slate slabs. The two-stage tower is topped with a shallow pyramid-shaped spire of a design known as the "Sussex Cap", and has a circular corbel of similar height in its southeastern corner.
There are lancet windows of various sizes on all sides of the church and in the tower. Kempe's stained glass can be found in one of the tower windows, the south chapel, the north wall (three windows) and the south wall (two). Internally, there are several arches, some with pointed tops and chamfering; in particular, there are three arched entrances to the chapel on the south side, and a blocked entrance to the former south aisle.
The churchyard is entered on the east side through a steep-roofed lychgate with recessed seating. "Holiness unto the Lord" is carved on one of the wooden beams.
The church today.
St Wulfran's received its Grade I listing on 13 October 1952. The parish covers a rural area; Ovingdean village is the only significant area of housing. It reaches the southern boundary of Woodingdean, the eastern boundary of the Whitehawk estate and the northern edge of Rottingdean, and incorporates East Brighton Golf Club and surrounding areas of downland.
There are two Eucharistic services on Sunday mornings and another every Wednesday, and Morning Prayer each Thursday. Other prayer groups and study groups meet at the church monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="19177720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177720" title="Kyrgyz National University">
Kyrgyz National University

The Kyrgyz National University named after Jusup Balasagyn is a national university of Kyrgyzstan. It is based in Bishkek.
Kyrgyz National University is named after Yusuf Balasaghuni (Kyrgyz language "Jusup Balasagyn atyndagy Kyrgyz Uluttuk Universiteti" Жусуп Баласагын атындагы Кыргыз Улуттук Университети) - a public higher education institution of the Kyrgyz Republic, the oldest and largest higher education institution of the republic. Located in Bishkek. 
The institution was established October 25, 1925 as the Kyrgyz Institute of Education. 
Since 1928, it was changed into the central Kyrgyz Pedagogical College. 
From 1932 - Kyrgyz Pedagogical Institute. From 1951 - Kyrgyz State University. 
From 1972 - Kyrgyz State University (50th anniversary of the Soviet Union). 
From 1993 - Kyrgyz State National University. 
From 2002 - present name. 
During the Soviet Union, the university was awarded the Order of Red Banner of Labor (1982). 
It currently has departments for 54 specialties. 
Approximately 22,000 students (2010), about 1000 teachers (2007). 
The current Rector is Prof., Dr. Iskender Isamidinov.
The previous Rector was Professor, Doctor of Political Sciences Aalybek Akunov (2010-2011.)
Some other famous rectors were Academicians Begimaly Jamgyrchinov, Salmoorbek Tabyshaliev, Kaiyp Otorbaev and Usen Asanov.

</doc>
<doc id="19177735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177735" title="Alan Axelrod">
Alan Axelrod

Alan Axelrod (born 1952) is an author of history, business and management. He resides in Atlanta, Georgia.
He received his doctorate in English from the University of Iowa in 1979, specializing in the literature and culture of colonial America and the early republic. He has taught at Lake Forest College and Furman University, worked as a publishing executive, and has been a consultant to historical museums, cultural institutions, television's "Civil War Journal", the WB Network, and the Discovery Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19177788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177788" title="Bouchette">
Bouchette

Bouchette is a municipality in the geographic centre of the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada, north of Gatineau. Its territory is along both shores of the Gatineau River and the western shores of Thirty-One Mile Lake.
Agriculture is an important economic activity, along with outdoor tourism. It has less than 800 residents but approximately 1075 cottage owners.
There are a variety of services in Bouchette: school, post office, municipal services, grocery and hardware stores, restaurants, accommodation, construction contractors, camping.
History.
The Bouchette Township was proclaimed in 1858 and the Township Municipality was formed in 1872. It was named in honour of Surveyor General of Lower Canada Joseph Bouchette (1774-1841).
The township of Cameron between the Gatineau River and Thirty-One Mile Lake was proclaimed in 1854 and named in honour of Canadian businessman and politician Malcolm Cameron.
In 1980, the townships of Bouchette and Cameron merged, forming the new Municipality of Bouchette.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 348
Languages:

</doc>
<doc id="19177810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177810" title="Anuta language">
Anuta language

The Anuta language (or "Anutan", locally "te taranga paka-Anuta") is a Polynesian Outlier language from the island of Anuta in the Solomon Islands. It is closely related to the Tikopia language of the neighboring island of Tikopia.
Anuta is generally regarded as Nuclear Polynesian language, although it bears considerable Tongic influence.
In 1977, Richard Feinberg published a two-volume dictionary and basic grammar or the language.
Resources.
A 200-word word-list is available at the Austronesian Basic Vocabulary Database.

</doc>
<doc id="19177812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177812" title="Kult ciała">
Kult ciała

Kult ciała ("The Cult of the Body") is a 1930 Polish film directed by Michal Waszynski. It is based on a novel by Mieczyslaw Srokowski and stars Victor Varconi.

</doc>
<doc id="19177826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177826" title="Ernest Vinberg">
Ernest Vinberg

Ernest Borisovich Vinberg (; born 26 July 1937) is a Russian mathematician, who works on discrete subgroups of Lie groups and representation theory. He introduced Vinberg's algorithm and the Koecher–Vinberg theorem.
He is a recipient of the Humboldt Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19177836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177836" title="Niall Tinney">
Niall Tinney

Niall Tinney is an Irish sportsperson. He has played Gaelic football for his club Irvinestown and the Fermanagh inter-county team.
Tinney was an integral part of Fermanagh's meteoric rise to the latter stages of the All-Ireland phase, where they were eventually defeated by Mayo after a replay at the penultimate stage. Despite the loss, Tinney's performance in goals was cited as a key factor in Fermanagh's unprecedented progression. 

</doc>
<doc id="19177841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177841" title="Dandelion Paddock">
Dandelion Paddock

Dandelion Paddock was a first-class cricket ground in Dandelion, near Margate, Kent. Sir Horatio Mann organised a number of matches there in the 1790s.
Location.
The paddock was sited in the grounds of Dent de Lion ("aka" Dandelion), which is about a mile and a half southwest of Margate. The estate was established around a former manor house in the 12th or 13th century by the family of Dent de Lyon. It was owned by Charles James Fox for many years until his death in 1806. The only remaining edifice is a 15th-century gatehouse.
Matches.
The grounds had been converted into a resort and tea garden by the time cricket matches were held there and had become very popular with residents of Margate and nearby Ramsgate. 
The earliest known match at Dandelion Paddock was in September 1789 when Mann's East Kent XI played a team from the Isle of Thanet. In September 1795, it became a first-class venue when Mann staged three successive matches featuring his own XI. Two further games took place in 1796. 
There was one later use for a minor match on 15 September 1806 when Lord Frederick Beauclerk's XI defeated Edward Bligh's XI by 53 runs. This match was staged two days after Fox's death.

</doc>
<doc id="19177855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177855" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's hammer throw">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's hammer throw

These are the official results of the Men's Hammer Throw event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 39 participating athletes, with the final held on Sunday 22 August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19177880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177880" title="D3 LED">
D3 LED

D3 LED, LLC (D3) is a company that manufactures turnkey LED (light emitting diode) displays and digital media solutions for advertisers, architects, retailers, sports and entertainment venues, and transportation authorities. The employee owned company was founded in 2006 by partners George Pappas, Meric Adriansen and Jason Barak.
An American company headquartered in Rancho Cordova, California and New York City, with global offices in United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Australia, New Zealand and Kazakhstan, the company's LED displays and digital media systems can be found throughout the world and most notably include the Walgreens spectacular, ABC Studios super sign, JVC billboard display, Disney Store, Aéropostale, Quiksilver, and Forever 21—all located in New York City’s Times Square.
History.
In their first two years of operations, D3 landed projects in and around Times Square, including the ABC Studios Supersign, two M&Ms World displays, the Army Recruiting Station display, Ripley's Believe It Or Not, and the Walgreens display on the One Times Square building, which is the tallest LED display in Times Square. D3 went international and stepped into the sports scoreboard/industry at the same time with the launch of their Baseball Stadium and Basketball Arena displays for Cibao in Santiago, Dominican Republic in 2007 and early 2008. Additional large-scale projects in the New York Metro area include Disney Store Times Square, Aéropostale flagship store Times Square, UNIQLO flagship stores in New York City at W. 34th St. and W. 53rd St., New Amsterdam Theatre, Hard Rock Cafe, Quicksilver Times Square, Forever 21 Times Square, and the Apollo Theatre in Harlem. 

</doc>
<doc id="19177883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177883" title="Sénarmont prism">
Sénarmont prism

The Sénarmont prism is a type of polariser. It is made from two prisms of a birefringent material such as calcite, usually cemented together. The Sénarmont prism is named after Henri Hureau de Sénarmont. It is similar to the Rochon and Wollaston prisms. 
In the Sénarmont prism the s-polarized ray (i.e., the ray with polarization direction perpendicular to the plane in which all rays are contained, called the plane of incidence) passes through without being deflected, while the p-polarized ray (with polarization direction in the plane of incidence) is deflected (refracted) at the internal interface into a different direction. Both rays correspond to ordinary rays (o-rays) in the first component prism, since both polarization directions are perpendicular to the optical axis, which is the propagation direction. In the second component prism the s-polarized ray remains ordinary (o-ray, polarized perpendicular to the optical axis), while the p-polarized ray becomes extraordinary (e-ray), with a polarization component along the optical axis. As a consequence, the s-polarized ray is not deflected since the effective refractive index does not change across the interface. The p-polarized wave, on the other hand, is refracted because the effective refractive index changes upon changing from o-ray to e-ray.
The Sénarmont prism is similar in construction and action to the Rochon prism, as in both polarizers the ray that is not deflected is the o-ray after the internal interface, while the deflected ray is the e-ray. However, in the Rochon prism, it is the p-polarized ray that remains an o-ray on both sides of the interface, and is therefore not deflected, while the s-polarized ray changes from o-ray to e-ray and is therefore deflected.

</doc>
<doc id="19177903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177903" title="John Tiktak">
John Tiktak

John Tiktak (1916, Kareak camp-1981) was a Canadian Inuk sculptor who spent most of his artistic career in Rankin Inlet. Most of his sculptures take the human form as their subject.
Biography.
Tiktak lived a traditional Inuit lifestyle until he moved to Arviat (then known as Eskimo Point and also called Aqviat) in the 1950s. He moved to Rankin Inlet (also known as Kangiqilniq) in 1958, where he began to work as a sculptor in 1963.
His figurative work is minimal in style, and so is modern in appearance. Distinctive stylistic traits include very rounded forms and hands that are attached to the sides of the figure, so that the arms are circular in shape.

</doc>
<doc id="19177933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177933" title="Fernand Goux">
Fernand Goux

Fernand Goux (31 December 1899 – 9 November 2008) was, at age 108, the penultimate French World War I veteran, with Pierre Picault being the last. Born in Sceaux-du-Gâtinais, Loiret, Goux was called up for service on 19 April 1918. Goux was deployed behind the front lines with the 85th Infantry Regiment, supplying the troops and burying the dead. On 3 November 1918, he was sent to the front line with the 82nd Infantry Regiment for the last week of the war. This made him one of two remaining trench veterans, along with Englishman Harry Patch.
However the French government did not recognize Goux as a "poilu" as he fought less than the requisite three months. The last official veteran thus remains Italian-born Lazare Ponticelli, who was buried with state honours on 17 March 2008, with Louis de Cazenave the last recognized native Frenchman to have served. After the war Goux worked as a farmer and he lived in the Île-de-France region.

</doc>
<doc id="19177934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177934" title="Waechtersbach ceramics">
Waechtersbach ceramics

Waechtersbach ceramics is a German ceramics manufacturer, which was founded in 1832 by the Prince Adolf of Ysenburg and Büdingen of Isenburg-Wächtersbach. It is a registered company since 4 July 2003.
History.
During the early 19th century, Waechtersbach introduced Art Nouveau style ceramics. It made works designed by Joseph Maria Olbrich, Peter Behrens, Hans Christiansen and also worked for the Darmstadt Artists' Colony. Since 2006, it is part of the Könitz Porzellan company.

</doc>
<doc id="19177937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177937" title="Mieczysław Srokowski">
Mieczysław Srokowski

Mieczysław Srokowski (August 14, 1873 in the village of Bybło, Podole - September 11, 1910 in Warsaw) was a Polish writer and poet. His 1910 novel, "Kult ciała, Dziennik człowieka samotnego" was adapted in the film "Kult ciala" in 1930 and starred Victor Varconi.

</doc>
<doc id="19177948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177948" title="Mountain Lakes Amphitheater">
Mountain Lakes Amphitheater

Mountain Lakes Amphitheater is an outdoor amphitheater near Flatwoods, West Virginia. Constructed in 2005 and early 2006, the 1700 seat amphitheater is an addition to the growing tourist attractions located at exit 67 on Interstate 79 near Flatwoods, West Virginia.
The Mountain Lakes Amphitheater opened for business on May 20, 2006 with seasoned country artist John Anderson performing the main show and newcomers Taylor Made as the opening act. The rest of the summer continued with concerts featuring Josh Turner, Jeff Bates, Darryl Worley, Michael Combs, The Crabb Family, Phil Dirt & the Dozers, Mike Albert & the Big 'E' Band, Rick K and the All Nighters, Heartcry, Mark Bishop, The Freemans, Nothin' Fancy, The Vaughns, New Ground, Spirits of Bluegrass, 3rd String, Rivers Edge, and Victoria Huggins. The local Colgate Country Showdown was also held at Mountain Lakes Amphitheater in 2006.
The 2007 season kicked off on June 9 with Rhonda Vincent & the Rage, Nothin' Fancy, and Williams & Clark Expedition. Other artists performing on the MLA stage during the 2007 season were Joe Diffie, Bucky Covington, Hope's Call, The Perrys and JP Miller. The venue expanded the season with "Home Grown Country Nights", a live radio broadcast on WBRB 101.3 The Bear. "Home Grown Country Nights" presented unsigned area talent the opportunity to be heard live on the radio, after being juried and selected by WV Radio officials. The local Colgate Country Showdown was held at Mountain Lakes Amphitheater again in 2007.
In 2008, the season kicked off once again with Rhonda Vincent & the Rage and Nothin' Fancy. "Home Grown Country Nights" was moved to every Friday night this season. Artists Bo Bice, Bucky Covington and Jake Owen all performed at the amphitheater during the season as well as the local Colgate Country Showdown.
Mountain Lake Amphitheaters' season runs from May - Oct. The venue is often used for weddings and conferences in addition to music concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="19177961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177961" title="Alpha Microscopii">
Alpha Microscopii

Alpha Microscopii (Alpha Mic, α Microscopii, α Mic) is a G-type giant star in the constellation of Microscopium. It has an apparent visual magnitude which varies between 4.88 and 4.94.
This star has an optical visual companion, CCDM J20500-3347B, of apparent visual magnitude 10.0 approximately 20.4 arcseconds away at a position angle of 166°. It has no physical connection to the star described above.

</doc>
<doc id="19177967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177967" title="Chartered Physicist">
Chartered Physicist

Chartered Physicist (CPhys) is a chartered status and a professional qualification awarded by the Institute of Physics.
Achieving chartered status in any profession denotes to the wider community a high level of specialised subject knowledge and professional competence. The award of the Chartered Physicist (CPhys) demonstrates the highest standards of professionalism, up-to-date expertise, quality and safety, and for capacity to undertake independent practice and exercise leadership. As well as competence, the title denotes commitment to keep pace with advancing knowledge and with the increasing expectations and requirements for which any profession must take responsibility.
Until 1998 the status of Chartered Physicist was granted automatically with membership of the Institute of Physics, however since then it has become a separate qualification that is equal in stature to Chartered Engineer. In order to gain the qualification, a physicist must be appropriately qualified (an MSci or MPhys undergraduate master's degree is standard, although experience leading to an equivalent level can be counted), have had a minimum of two years of structured training and a minimum of two years responsible work experience, have demonstrated a commitment to continuing professional development, and have gained a number of competencies.

</doc>
<doc id="19177969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177969" title="Dead Man's Folly (film)">
Dead Man's Folly (film)

"Dead Man's Folly" is a 1986 British-American television film featuring Agatha Christie's Belgian detective Hercule Poirot. It is based on Christie's novel "Dead Man's Folly". The film was directed by Clive Donner and starred Peter Ustinov as Poirot.
The cast included Jean Stapleton, Jonathan Cecil, Constance Cummings and Nicollette Sheridan. It was shot largely on location at West Wycombe Park in Buckinghamshire, England.
Plot introduction.
Hercule Poirot and his associate, Captain Hastings, are called in by his eccentric mystery author friend, Ariadne Oliver, to a manor house in Devon. Oliver is organizing a "Murder Hunt" game for a local fair to be held at Nass House, but she is troubled by something she cannot quite put her foot on.
Things take a turn for the worse when during the "Murder Hunt" the girl playing the "dead" body is murdered for real. Soon afterwards, the lady of the manor mysteriously disappears and an old man's body is pulled from the river. Poirot must discover who and what are behind these seemly unconnected events.

</doc>
<doc id="19177982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177982" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's heptathlon">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's heptathlon

These are the official results of the Women's Heptathlon competition at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 22 participating athletes, including four non-finishers. The competition started on Saturday 21 August 1999 and ended on Sunday 22 August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19177989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19177989" title="Newcastle and District Electric Lighting Company">
Newcastle and District Electric Lighting Company

The Newcastle and District Electric Lighting Company (abbreviated to DISCo) was a pre-nationalisation, private electricity supply company, based in Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England. The company was set up in 1889 by Charles Algernon Parsons. The company built a number of small coal-fired power stations in the west end of Newcastle upon Tyne, initially to supply homes and streets with electric lighting. They also provided power for an electrified tram line in the western part of the city.
DISCo was the first electric supply company in the world to generate electricity using turbo generators, thanks to Parsons' invention of the steam turbine. The company existed until the nationalisation of the UK's electrical supply industry in 1948.
History.
Following his invention of the steam turbine in 1884, Charles Algernon Parsons was anxious to move into electricity supply, and so in 1889 he founded up the Newcastle and District Electric Electric Lighting Company. Their distribution area was quickly decided; they were to supply the area of the city to the west of Grainger Street, while the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company (NESCo), who had also been formed in 1889, were to supply the eastern side of the city. DISCo's distribution area was expanded west to Newburn in 1902, and north to Benwell and Fenham in 1904. They were unable to extend this any further after losing a number of Parliamentary battles with NESCo in the early 1900s.
The first power station the company constructed was at Forth Banks in the city centre in 1890. This was the first power station in the world to generate electricity commercially using steam turbine driven generators. A further power station was constructed within close proximity to the Forth Banks station in 1902, on The Close. Another two stations were built by the company at Lemington, in 1903, and at Newburn, in 1908. All of the stations built by the company used steam turbines built by Parson's turbine building company C. A. Parsons and Company.
Charles Parsons was initially held the title as the company's managing director, until 1902 when he stepped down, but remained with the company as a director, before finally retiring in 1909. The majority of the North East's electric supply companies merged with NESCo in 1932 to form the North Eastern Electric Supply Company (again known as NESCo). However, DISCo was one of only three electric supply companies in the region to not merge into NESCo. DISCo ceased to exist in 1948, becoming part of the North Eastern Electricity Board (NEEB), with the nationalisation of the UK's electrical supply industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19178026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178026" title="Claudia Velásquez">
Claudia Velásquez

Claudia Silvana Velásquez Ponzoni (born September 30, 1975) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Peru. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. She finished in 39th (100 m breaststroke) and in 37th place (200 m breaststroke).
References.
There is another Claudia Velaquez who is a teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="19178055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178055" title="Vera Carrara">
Vera Carrara

Vera Carrara (born 6 April 1980) is an Italian professional racing cyclist.
Carrara was born in Alzano Lombardo and joined the G.S. Valoti Arredamenti at the age of seven. Since then she has become a multiple world champion in the points race, but despite her track cycling success she also races on the road, winning a stage of the Holland Ladies Tour in 2006 and finishing second in the prologue of the 2008 Giro d'Italia Femminile.

</doc>
<doc id="19178093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178093" title="Anti-hemB RNA motif">
Anti-hemB RNA motif

The anti-hemB RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure that was found in all known bacteria in the genus "Burkholderia", and in a variety of other betaproteobacteria. The anti-hemB RNA motif consists primarily of two stem-loops, followed by a predicted rho-independent transcription termination stem-loop. As anti-hemB RNAs are generally not located in a 5' UTR, the RNAs are presumed to be non-coding RNAs. The terminator stem-loop implies that anti-hemB RNAs are transcribed as independent molecules.
The name "anti-hemB" is to distinguish the motif from its reverse complement, which was called the "hemB" motif, a motif that is often in the apparent 5' UTRs of "hemB" genes. It was considered ambiguous as to which of these orientations is correct, as both directions exhibit covariation (see secondary structure prediction), and both fold into plausible RNA structures. However, the anti-hemB was judged the more likely orientation, because it had fewer A-C base pairs, which do not contribute to RNA stability. In reverse complement, an A-C pair becomes the stable G-U wobble pair.

</doc>
<doc id="19178106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178106" title="Antoinette Hatfield Hall">
Antoinette Hatfield Hall

Antoinette Hatfield Hall, formerly known as the New Theatre Building, is a complex located in Portland, Oregon. It contains the Dolores Winningstad Theatre, the Newmark Theatre, and Brunish Hall. Hatfield Hall itself is sometimes erroneously referred to as the Portland Center for the Performing Arts. It is named in honor of Antoinette Hatfield, wife of former U.S. Senator and Oregon governor Mark Hatfield.
Construction.
Hatfield Hall was built at a cost of $28.4 million, and opened in 1987 (as the New Theatre Building). It was designed by Broome, Oringdulph, O'Toole, Rudolf, Boles & Associates and Barton Myers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19178111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178111" title="Book of Baglan">
Book of Baglan

The Book of Baglan ("Llyfr Baglan" in Welsh) is a collection of old Welsh manuscripts, containing much genealogical data, compiled by John Williams from several sources between 1600 and 1607. It was transcribed from the original manuscript preserved in the public library at Cardiff, and edited by Joseph Bradney with explanatory notes for reprinting in 1910. It is also available at the National Library of Wales on microfilm.
It is considered a valuable reference for Welsh genealogy, although it is not considered wholly accurate. The book contains numerous South Welsh pedigrees of minor gentry families, including local lords, the Kings of Gwent, the Earls of Pembroke, and the bard Rhys Goch, and contains descriptions of the heraldry of various lines. 

</doc>
<doc id="19178113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178113" title="St. Edmund's Church, Holme Pierrepont">
St. Edmund's Church, Holme Pierrepont

St. Edmund's Church, Holme Pierrepont is a parish church in the Church of England in Holme Pierrepont, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church has had a long association with Holme Pierrepont Hall.
The medieval church was largely re-built in 1666 by Henry Pierrepont, 1st Marquess of Dorchester. In 1878 Thomas Chambers Hine added the chancel.
It is now part of the combined parish of All Hallow's Church, Lady Bay.
Stained glass.
The east window of 1913 is by James Powell and Sons.
Organ.
The organ was built by Charles Lloyd (organ builder) and won a gold medal at the Birmingham Trades Exhibition in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="19178117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178117" title="Falls Reservoir">
Falls Reservoir

Falls Reservoir is part of the Yadkin River Project in North Carolina and managed by Alcoa as part of their hydroelectric business. It is the last of four reservoirs along a stretch of the Yadkin River. Falls Reservoir is the smallest of the four reservoirs and covers and has a shoreline length of . 

</doc>
<doc id="19178133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178133" title="St Augustine Papey">
St Augustine Papey


</doc>
<doc id="19178160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178160" title="Adam Elias von Siebold">
Adam Elias von Siebold

Adam Elias von Siebold (5 March 1775, Würzburg – 12 June 1828, Berlin) was a German Gynecologist.
Life.
He was the youngest son of Carl Caspar von Siebold (1736–1807). Siebold was professor of anatomy, surgery und midwifery of the University of Würzburg. Unlike his brothers, he originally wanted to become a Merchant, eventually, however, he began to study medicine.
Through his teachings he influenced Johann Christian Stark (1753–1811) in Jena, Friedrich Benjamin Osiander (1759–1822) in Göttingen and later, Johann Lukas Boër (1751–1835) in Wien.
He authored several textbooks and is attributed to the following quote: "Peace and silence, time and patience, respect for nature and the bithgiving woman, and the art of waiting, when Mother Nature rules".
He died aged 53 of a stomach condition. He was survived by two sons and four daughters, amongst them the doctor and Zoologist Karl Theodor Ernst von Siebold (1804–1885).
Legacy.
The Siebold-Gymnasium in Würzburg is named after him.
Sources.
This article (incomplete) is based on the German and Swedish wiki pages (4 Sept 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="19178176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178176" title="USS Fentress (AK-180)">
USS Fentress (AK-180)

USS "Fentress" (AK-180) – later known as USNS "Fentress" (T-AK-180) -- was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. In 1950, she was reactivated and placed into service with the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS "Fentress". She was ultimately transferred to the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands.
Built in Richmond, California.
"Fentress" (AK-180) was launched on 10 March 1945 by Kaiser Cargo, Inc., Richmond, California; sponsored by Mrs. G. M. Ellis; and commissioned 4 May 1945, Lieutenant G. T. Malley, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown and availability, "Fentress" engaged in local operations until 27 June 1945 when she departed San Francisco, California, to transport cargo among the Philippine Islands. On 20 February 1946 she was placed out of commission and returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission.
Service with the MSTS.
After the organization of the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS), "Fentress" was reacquired on 1 July 1950 for service under MSTS cognizance and continued in that capacity until decommissioned at an unknown date.
Struck and disposed of.
"Fentress" was struck from the Navy List on 15 October 1973 and transferred to the Government of the Trust Territory in the Pacific Ocean. 
This ship was apparently still docked on the Hawaiian Islands in 1982, as it was seen on the "Magnum P.I." episode, "I do".
Her ultimate fate is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="19178182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178182" title="Melleray Abbey">
Melleray Abbey

Melleray Abbey (Abbaye de Notre-Dame-de-Melleray) was a Cistercian monastery, founded about the year 1134. It was situated in Brittany, Diocese of Nantes, in La Meilleraye-de-Bretagne in the vicinity of Châteaubriant (in present Loire-Atlantique).
History.
Foulques, Abbot of Pontron in Anjou, which was founded from Loroux (itself a daughter foundation of Cîteaux), sent monks for the foundation of a monastery in Brittany. They chose a solitary location near Old Melleray, shown them by Rivallon, pastor of Auverné, which Alain de Moisdon, proprietor of the place, donated to them. Guitern, the first abbot, erected the original monastery in 1145, but the church was not completed until 1183, under Geffroy, the fourth abbot. 
Melleray, a small monastery built for about twelve monks, remained regular until during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, when relaxation prevailed. Etienne de Brezé (1544) was the first commendatory abbot, and from his time the monastery declined, until toward the end of the seventeenth century when, through the efforts of Dom Jouard, vicar-general of the order, the Rule of St. Benedict was re-introduced, and the monastic buildings restored. In 1791 it was suppressed, and the few religious were dispersed. 
This, however, was not the end of Melleray. The Trappists, expelled from France, took refuge at Valsainte in Switzerland; from there Dom Augustine de Lestrange established them in various parts of the world. Through the generosity of Sir Thomas Weld, a wealthy English Catholic and the father of Cardinal Weld, they settled (1795) at Lulworth, Dorset, England. Their monastery was soon created an abbey, and Dom Antoine was elected the first abbot (1813). In 1817, with changed conditions and the restoration of the Bourbons, the monks of Lulworth returned to Melleray. 
The restored abbey flourished, increasing from fifty-seven to one hundred and ninety-two members in twelve years. During the Revolution of 1830 they were again persecuted, especially those of foreign birth, of whom they had a great number. To make homes for these they founded Mount Melleray Abbey (1833) in Ireland and Mount Saint Bernard Abbey (1835) in England. Dom Antoine (d. 1839) was succeeded first by Dom Maxime, then by a second Dom Antoine, and finally by Dom Eugene Vachette. 
Under Dom Antoine II several monasteries were established, among them Gethsemani Abbey (1848) in the United States. Dom Eugène, elected in 1875, was for many years the vicar-general of the Congregation of La Grande Trappe, and was instrumental in effecting the reunion of the three congregations among whom the Trappists were divided into one order (1892).

</doc>
<doc id="19178201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178201" title="Alpha Octantis">
Alpha Octantis

Alpha Octantis (Alpha Oct, α Octantis, α Oct) is a star in the constellation of Octans. It has an overall apparent visual magnitude of approximately 5.15 and is a spectroscopic binary star which consists of two giant stars, each with spectral type F, orbiting each other with a period of just over 9 days. The pair has also been classified as a Beta Lyrae-type eclipsing binary system.

</doc>
<doc id="19178219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178219" title="Aly &amp; Fila">
Aly &amp; Fila

Aly & Fila is an Egyptian trance music duo made up of Aly Amr Fathalah (aka Aly) and Fadi Wassef Naguib (aka Fila). They host an Internet radio show called Future Sound of Egypt (every Monday at 4PM US Eastern / 9PM UK / 22:00 Central European Time on Digitally Imported radio). In 2011, their track "We Control The Sunlight", which featured Jwaydan Moyine was chosen as "Tune of the Year" on Armin Van Buuren's show A State of Trance.
History.
Aly Amr Fathalah (Aly) and Fadi Wassef Naguib (Fila), the Egyptian duo, were both born in 1981 and have known each other since kindergarten. After falling in love with the music of Paul Van Dyk, Steve Helstrip and Chicane they built their first small studio and started doing electronic music and djing from 1999. Once they established themselves in Egypt, they decided to go international signing with the German record label Euphonic Records in 2002. Their first release, "Eye of Horus," received huge airplay from the likes of Paul Van Dyk, Armin Van Buuren, DJ Tiësto and many others. The track was licensed to Fundamental Recordings in Holland and reached number 4 position in the Dutch Dance charts.
After finishing their contract with Euphonic Records, Fila met with Andy Prinz and they decided to launch their first sublabel of Offshore. Upcoming Egyptian releases would follow. Their first release through Offshore Music Switzerland / AP Pro Audio "Spirit of Ka" made it on numerous playlists.
They have played alongside Armin Van Buuren in A State of Trance Episode 300, Episode 350, Episode 400, Episode 450, Episode 500, Episode 550, Episode 600 and Episode 650. Aly & Fila were guest DJs at Armin’s A State of Trance 500 Events for the fifth year in a row, playing with Den Bosch on April 9 and Sydney on April 16.
They have been voted among the top 100 DJs on DJ Mag since 2008. They ranked number 111 in 2007, 31 in 2008, 22 in 2009, 20 in 2010, 22 in 2011, 19 in 2012 and 20 in 2013. Also, #11 on Trance Addict's top 250 Djs Poll in 2010 and #8 in 2011 and #3 in 2012.
The duo have opened a new record label by the year 2009, naming it like the radio show "Future Sound of Egypt" Recordings. The record label signed on various well-known DJs such as Sean Tyas, Bjorn Akesson and Neptune project. They have also signed up different upcoming Egyptian trance DJs such as Philippe el Sisi, Mohamed Ragab, and Brave.
On their debut album, ‘Rising Sun’, the duo joined forces with talented vocalists and producers Tiff Lacey, Sue McLaren, Josie, Denise Rivera, Philippe El Sisi, Bjorn Akesson and many more. The characteristic sound of Aly & Fila is uplifting and euphoric trance, the main genre of their first album.
Aly & Fila celebrated the 200th episode of their hugely successful radio show Future Sound Of Egypt 200 by throwing an event in their native Egypt on Friday, December 2, 2011.
Set to light up the chosen venue Echo Temple in Sharm El Sheikh, the line-up included some of the hottest dance acts on the scene today. This includes John O’Callaghan, Roger Shah, Sied Van Riel and many others. Widely regarded as one of the world's finest outdoor clubs and acclaimed as offering a truly unique experience, Echo Temple is tailor-made for trance fans prepared to dance long into the night at the foot of the Sinai Mountains.
While both continue to produce music together, only Fadi currently goes on tour since Aly suffered an severe ear injury while performing and was advised by his doctor to avoid loud music or risk losing the hearing in that ear altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="19178256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178256" title="Sean Liddy">
Sean Liddy

John Joseph (Sean) Liddy (1890–1965) was an Irish politician and founder member of the Garda Síochána (the police force of the Republic of Ireland). On his retirement, he also founded and became the first President of the Garda Pensioners Association (1961–1966), later to be renamed the Garda Síochána Retired Members Association (GSRMA).
Alongside lifelong friend Michael Collins, he was a prominent veteran of the Irish War of Independence. Subsequently, he served as a Teachta Dála (TD), Army Officer and Garda Chief Superintendent. 
In the 1921 elections, he was elected unopposed to the 2nd Dáil as a Sinn Féin TD for the constituency of Clare. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He was re-elected unopposed as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election. He resigned as a TD on 18 December 1922.
He died as a result of a motor accident in March 1965. 
The Liddy Medal – the Garda Veterans Injury Award – is named in his memory. The medal is presented to retired Gardaí who were injured in the line of duty while in the Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19178260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178260" title="Huw Watkins">
Huw Watkins

Huw Watkins (born 13 July 1976) is a British composer and pianist. Born in South Wales, he studied piano and composition at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester, where he received piano lessons from Peter Lawson. He then went on to read Music at Kings College, Cambridge, where he studied composition with Robin Holloway and Alexander Goehr, and completed an MMus in composition at the Royal College of Music, where he studied with Julian Anderson. Huw Watkins was awarded the Constant and Kit Lambert Junior Fellowship at the Royal College of Music, where he is now a Professor of Composition.
Career.
In 1999, the Nash Ensemble premiered Watkins’ Sonata for Cello and Eight Instruments, which had been commissioned by Faber Music. The review in The Times declared that "at 22, Huw Watkins is already a composer to be reckoned with". The work has since been performed by the Birmingham Contemporary Music Group in London, Paris, Copenhagen and Aldeburgh under the direction of Sakari Oramo and Peter Rundel.
In 2000, the BBC National Orchestra of Wales gave the first performance of Watkins’ Sinfonietta under Grant Llewellyn, and as a result of the collaboration, a piano concerto was commissioned for the same orchestra. This was given its premiere - with Watkins at the piano - in May 2002, under Martyn Brabbins.
His works include a Nocturne for solo horn and chamber orchestra - first performed and recorded in March 2002 by David Jolley and the Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra under Mischa Santora; a Cello Sonata, recorded with his brother Paul Watkins for Nimbus Records on a CD of 20th Century British cello music; String Quartet No. 3, written for the Belcea Quartet and premiered at London's Wigmore Hall in 2004.
More recent works include a "London Concerto", commissioned by the London Symphony Orchestra to mark their centenary in 2005; "Rondo" for Birmingham Contemporary Music Group; a Nash Ensemble commission celebrating their 40th Anniversary, and a Double Concerto for viola, cello and orchestra premiered at the 2005 BBC Proms. His composition "Dream" has been released on the Britten Sinfonia own label, on an album entitled "Songs of the Sky".
Chamber music has always been central to Watkins’ output: in 2001 his String Quartet No. 2 was premiered at the Cheltenham Festival by the Petersen Quartet, and the Brahms Ensemble Hamburg gave the first performance of his "Variations on a Schubert Song" at the Gstaad Festival. He recorded his Cello Sonata with Paul Watkins for Nimbus Records and premiered "Fantasy for viola and piano" with Lawrence Power in 2006. His String Quartet No. 3 was written for the Belcea Quartet, who gave its premiere at the Wigmore Hall in February 2004. Also at the same Hall, the Nash Ensemble premiered their commission "Gig" in 2005, and Alina Ibragimova gave the world premiere of Partita for solo violin. This was broadcast as part of BBC Radio 3’s 2006 lunchtime concert series.
Song settings are another area of compositional interest. Watkins' setting for tenor and string quartet of Dylan Thomas' "In My Craft or Sullen Art" was premiered by Mark Padmore and the Petersen Quartet at the Wigmore Hall in May 2007. Watkins' "Three Auden Songs" (2009) were commissioned by Mark Padmore. The "Five Larkin Songs" (2010), which were premiered by Carolyn Sampson, won the Vocal category of the 2011 British Composer Awards.
As a pianist, Huw Watkins is regularly heard on BBC Radio three, both as a soloist and with artists such as Alina Ibragimova, Daniel Hope, Nicholas Daniel and Alexandra Wood. He has given premieres of works by Alexander Goehr, Peter Maxwell Davies and Mark-Anthony Turnage. He has performed concertos with the BBC Symphony Orchestra and Orchestra of the Swan as well as being the Britten Sinfonia’s pianist. He has recorded Thomas Adès’ song cycle "The Lover in Winter" with the countertenor Robin Blaze for EMI Classics, and his recording of contemporary British music for violin and piano with Alexandra Wood was released on Usk in 2005. His most recent recording was of the piano cycle "Symmetry Disorders Reach" by Alexander Goehr, for Wergo.
Watkins' Violin Concerto was premiered at The Proms on 17 August 2010, performed by Alina Ibragimova, for whom it was written.
Selected works.
Orchestral and Large ensemble works
Chamber, Small ensemble and solo works

</doc>
<doc id="19178289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178289" title="Libro de Alexandre">
Libro de Alexandre

The Libro de Alexandre is a medieval Spanish epic poem about Alexander the Great written between 1178 and c. 1250 in the "mester de clerecía". It is largely based on the "Alexandreis" of Walter of Châtillon, but also contains many fantastical elements common to the Alexander romance. It consists of 2,675 stanzas of "cuaderna vía" and 10,700 lines. 
The "Libro" is preserved in two manuscripts, called "P" and "O", neither of which appears to be an original. There are as well three fragments preserved in separate manuscripts. Manuscript "O" is the earlier, copied around 1300, and includes 2,510 stanzas of "cuaderna vía" and two epistles. It was once owned by the Duke of Osuna (whence "O") and was known to the Marqués de Santillana. "P", from Paris, was copied in the fifteenth century and contains 2,639 stanzas. It is generally more reliable and together the two manuscripts make a coherent whole. R. S. Willis, Jr., produced an edition of both manuscripts where a page from "O" faces the corresponding page from "P", with fragments noted at the bottom, so that one reading can readily be corrected by the other text. "O" is generally considered to be from eastern Castile, while "P" was copied in western Castile. The fragment "G′" is named after Gutierre Díez de Gamés, who included stanzas from the first part of the "Libro" in his early fifteenth-century "Victorial". 
The date of composition is uncertain. However, it must postdate 1178, the earliest year when Walter completed the "Alexandreis", and predate 1250, the approximate date of the "Poema de Fernán González", which it influences. Some scholars have fixed the date as between 1202 and 1207. Besides the "Alexandreis", the author of the "Libro" claimed many sources. In his own words: "el uno que leyemos, el otro que oyemos / de las mayores cosas Recabdo vos daremos" ("the one that we read, the other that we hear / of the greatest things collected we give you"). These sources include the "Historia de proeliis" of Leo of Naples and several ancient authorities, including Leo's source, Quintus Curtius, Flavius Josephus, and the "Pindarus Thebanus". The work of Isidore of Seville and the Old French "Roman d'Alexandre" were also consulted. 
Structurally the "Libro" is a chronological story of Alexander's life set between an introduction in six stanzas and a conclusion in seven. There are digressions and authorial displays of erudition, but the narrative, from birth to death, is logical and smooth. The problem of authorship is unresolved. It has been variously attributed to Juan Lorenzo de Astorga (sometimes thought to be merely a scribe), Alfonso X of Castile, and Gonzalo de Berceo.

</doc>
<doc id="19178294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178294" title="Raleigh Park, Oxfordshire">
Raleigh Park, Oxfordshire

Raleigh Park is a park of about in North Hinksey, Oxfordshire (formerly in Berkshire) just west of Oxford.
The land was formerly part of the estates of the Harcourt family. The land was sold in 1924 to Raymond ffennell, then owner of Wytham Abbey, who gave it to the City of Oxford for use as a park. It was named in honour of Professor Sir Walter Raleigh, who lived nearby on Harcourt Hill and died in 1922.
Although the park lies in the green belt outside the city boundary, it is managed by Oxford City Council as a nature reserve and recreational park. It is on rising ground, giving views over the city of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19178301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178301" title="Haloperoxidase">
Haloperoxidase

Haloperoxidases are peroxidases that are able to mediate the oxidation of halides by hydrogen peroxide. Both halides and hydrogen peroxide are widely available in the environment. 
The Nernst equation shows that hydrogen peroxide can oxidize chloride (E°= 1.36 V), bromide (E°= 1.09 V) and iodide (E°= 0.536 V) from a thermodynamic perspective under natural conditions, i.e., a temperature range of about 0-30 °C and a pH ranging from about 3 (humic soil layer) to about 8 (sea water). Fluoride (E°= 2.87 V) cannot be oxidized by hydrogen peroxide. The table shows the classification of haloperoxidases according to the halides whose oxidation they are able to catalyze.
The classification of these enzymes by substrate-usability does not necessarily indicate enzyme substrate "preference." For example, although eosinophil peroxidase is "able" to oxidize chloride, it preferentially oxidizes bromide. 
The mammalian haloperoxidases myeloperoxidase (MPO), lactoperoxidase (LPO) and eosoniphil peroxidase (EPO) are also capable of oxidizing the pseudohalide thiocyanate (SCN-). They each contain a heme prosthetic group covalently bound by two ester linkages to aspartate and/or glutamate side-chains. MPO has a third covalent link through a methionine residue. Horseradish peroxidase is also capable of oxidizing these substrates, but its heme is not covalently bound and becomes damaged during turnover.
A specific vanadium bromoperoxidase in marine organisms (fungi, bacteria, microalgae, perhaps other eukaryotes) uses vanadate and hydrogen peroxide to brominate electrophilic organics.
Murex snails have a bromoperoxidase used to produce Tyrian purple dye. The enzyme is very specific to bromide and physically stable, but has not been characterized as to its active site.

</doc>
<doc id="19178353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178353" title="Karen Horning">
Karen Horning

Karen Horning (born November 28, 1966) is a former female breaststroke swimmer, who swam for Peru at the 1988 Summer Olympics. 
At the Games, she finished in 28th (100 m breaststroke) and in 24th place (200 m breaststroke), setting the nation record latter (2:37.84). As of late 2009, it still stands as the Peru Record.

</doc>
<doc id="19178356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178356" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's discus throw">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's discus throw

These are the official results of the Women's Discus Throw event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 31 participating athletes, with the final held on Monday 23 August 1999.
Qualification.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19178410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178410" title="Thomas Brown Clark">
Thomas Brown Clark

Thomas Brown Clark (1895–1983) was a Scottish painter who worked in oils, pastels and watercolours.
Life and work.
T. B. Clark was born in Scotland in 1895, later studying painting at Glasgow School of Art. He exhibited estensively, including at the Royal Academy, the Royal Scottish Academy, and the United Society of Artists. He specilaised in coastal views, portraying both the natural beauty of the landscape, and the industry that he found there. He often travelled abroad on painting excursions, finding particular affinity with the landscapes of Ireland and France. By the 1950s Thomas had relocated to Holmsbury St Mary, Surrey in the south of England. He died in 1983.
Exhibitions.
The oil painting titled "Rue de la Paix, Quimper" was exhibited at the Royal Academy, London in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19178454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178454" title="Mount Melleray Abbey">
Mount Melleray Abbey

Mount Melleray Abbey is a Cistercian Trappist monastery in Ireland, founded in 1833. It is situated on the slopes of the Knockmealdown Mountains, near Cappoquin, Diocese of Waterford. It is famous in literature due to Seán Ó Ríordáin's poem "Cnoc Mellerí" in "Eireaball Spideoige" (1952). 
History.
Father Vincent Ryan was chosen leader of the religious sent by Dom Antoine, Abbot of Melleray, for this foundation. After many efforts to locate his community he accepted the offer of Sir Richard Keane, of Cappoquin, to rent a tract of barren mountain waste, some five hundred acres, subsequently increased to seven hundred. In the work of reclaiming the soil, they were assisted by the country folk.
In 1833 the cornerstone was laid by Sir Richard Keane, in the presence of the bishop and a large concourse of clergy and people. In 1835 the monastery was created an abbey, and Father Vincent, unanimously elected, received the abbatial blessing from Dr. Abraham, bishop of the diocese, this being the first abbatial blessing in Ireland since the Protestant Reformation. Abbot Vincent vigorously undertook the work of completing the abbey, but died 9 December 1845. 
His successor, Dom M. Joseph Ryan, resigned after two years. To Dom Bruno Fitzpatrick, who succeeded as abbot in September, 1848, it remained to consolidate. He devoted his energy to missionary work (see below). Building resumed in the late 1920s when Dom Marius O'Phelan bought the great cut limestone blocks from Mitchelstown Castle (28 miles west), which had been burnt by the local IRA on 12 August 1922. In 1925, the owners of Michelstown castle dismantled the ruins and the stones were transported from Mitchelstown by steam lorry, two consignments a day for at least five years. As the Abbey was being laid out, Dom Marius died and his successor, Dom Celsus O'Connell, continued to monumental task. He opted for a more prominent site directly over the mortal remains of 180 of his fellow Cistercians. The monks ended up with far more stones than they needed and these were eventually stacked in fields around the monastery.
In 1849, Dom Bruno Fitzpatrick, who had become abbot the previous year founded New Melleray Abbey, near Dubuque, Iowa, U.S.A., and, in 1878, Mount Saint Joseph Abbey, Roscrea, Co. Tipperary, Ireland. He also founded the Ecclesiastical Seminary of Mount Melleray. Originating in a small school formed by Abbot Vincent in 1843, it was developed by Abbot Bruno and his successors. Abbot Bruno died 4 December 1893, and was succeeded by Dom Carthage Delaney, who was blessed 15 January 1894, and presided over Mount Melleray for thirteen years; his successor was Dom Marius O'Phelan, solemnly blessed by Dr. Sheahan, Bishop of Waterford, 15 August 1908. Dom O'Phelan is credited with resuming the building programme at Mellary in 1925.
In 1954 six monks (eight more in 1955) went to found a small Cistercian abbey in a remote, rural area of New Zealand: The Southern Star Abbey.
More modern History:
Dom Eamon Fitzgerald, abbot of Mount Melleray, was elected abbot general of the order in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19178463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178463" title="2001 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2001 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

The Masters Cup was held in Australia for the first time with the tournament taking place at the 17,000 seat Sydney Superdome.
Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion but was eliminated in the round robin stage.
Lleyton Hewitt won in the final 6–3, 6–3, 6–4 against Sébastien Grosjean, and in doing so secured the year-end World No. 1 ranking for the first time.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
<ol start="5">
<li> Yevgeny Kafelnikov "(Semifinals)
<li> Patrick Rafter "(Round Robin)
<li> Sébastien Grosjean "(Final)
<li> Goran Ivanišević "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Rosewall Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Newcombe Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19178474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178474" title="São João Batista do Glória">
São João Batista do Glória

São João Batista do Glória is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 6,828 people living in a total area of 553 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1948.
Location.
The city center of São João Batista do Glória is located at an elevation of 695 meters in the valley of the Rio Grande, a short distance northeast of regional center, Passos. Neighboring municipalities are: Vargem Bonita (77 km north), Capitólio (65 km east), São José da Barra (40 km southeast), Alpinópolis (33 km south), Passos (14 km south and southwest), Delfinópolis (70 km west). The terrain is hilly and there are many waterfalls in the streams. In the higher elevations there are still armadillos, guará wolves, rheas, and toucans. 
Distances
Economic Activities.
Services, industries, and agriculture are the main economic activities. There are brickworks and factories producing spirits. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$449 million, with 82 million reais from taxes, 37 million reais from services, 301 million reais from industry, and 32 million reais from agriculture. The biggest employer was public administration with 410 workers in 2005. In the rural area there were 236 producers on 26,000 hectares of land. Approximately 600 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, beans, and corn. There were 25,000 head of cattle, of which 9,000 were milk cows (2006). 
There were no banks (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 787 automobiles, 69 trucks, 66 pickup trucks, 10 buses, and 663 motorcycles (2007).
Health and Education.
In the health sector there were 5 health clinics and 1 hospital with 25 beds (2005). Educational needs of 1,550 students were attended to by 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$240.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19178484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178484" title="Alabama Great Southern Railroad">
Alabama Great Southern Railroad

The Alabama Great Southern Railroad is a railroad in the U.S. states of Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Tennessee. It is an operating subsidiary of the Norfolk Southern Corporation (NS), running southwest from Chattanooga (where it connects with the similarly owned Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway) to New Orleans through Birmingham and Meridian. The AGS also owns about a 30% interest in the Kansas City Southern-controlled Meridian-Shreveport Meridian Speedway.
In 1970 AGS reported 3854 million net ton-miles of revenue freight and 10.5 million passenger miles; at the end of that year it operated 528 miles of road and 1084 miles of track. (Those totals do not include Class II subsidiary Louisiana Southern.)
History.
The AGS's oldest predecessor was the Wills Valley Railroad, chartered by the Alabama Legislature in February 1852 to extend from a point on the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad northeast to the Georgia state line. In January and February 1854, respectively, the Georgia and Tennessee legislatures authorized the company to continue its road to a point on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. The North East and South West Alabama Railroad was chartered in Alabama in December 1853 and Mississippi in February 1854, to extend from Meridian through Livingston, Eutaw, Tuscaloosa, and Elyton (Birmingham) in the direction of Knoxville, Tennessee. Both companies received land grants through a June 1856 federal law, assigned by Alabama in January 1858 to the North East and South West from Mississippi to near Gadsden and to the Wills Valley from near Gadsden to Georgia.
The two companies began construction from their termini outside Alabama. The Wills Valley opened the line from the Nashville and Chattanooga at Wauhatchie, Tennessee to Trenton, Georgia by December 1860, operating to Chattanooga via trackage rights over the Nashville and Chattanooga. The North East and South West began its line at Meridian, reaching a connection with the Alabama and Mississippi Rivers Railroad (later the Selma and Meridian Railroad) at York, Alabama by 1860, and was leased to the latter company. A group of Boston capitalists headed by John C. Stanton gained control of the companies after the Civil War, and the legislature passed a law in November 1868 to merge the two as the Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad. (Georgia, Tennessee, and Mississippi renamed their portions in March 1869, February 1870, and May 1871, respectively.) The entire line was completed in May 1871, creating a diagonal link across Alabama. However, due to nonpayment of interest on state bonds, the state of Alabama seized the property in mid-1871, and it was operated by other parties (including the president of the connecting New Orleans and Northeastern Railroad) until November 1877, when it was reorganized as the Alabama Great Southern Railroad by Emile Erlanger and Company.
Erlanger set up an English corporation, Alabama Great Southern Railway Company, Limited, to own the stock of the AGS. In 1881, this company gained control of the Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway, which continued north from Chattanooga to Cincinnati. A second English corporation, Alabama, New Orleans, Texas and Pacific Junction Railways Company, Limited, was created in 1881 to increase the funds available to purchase associated lines. It bought the Alabama Great Southern Railway Company, New Orleans and Northeastern Railroad, Vicksburg and Meridian Railway, and Vicksburg, Shreveport and Pacific Railroad, but in 1890 control of the AGS was sold to the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway and Richmond and Danville Railroad, which both became part of the Southern Railway later that decade. In April 1892, the AGS acquired the Gadsden and Attalla Railroad, a branch from Attalla to Gadsden, but in 1905 the AGS sold it to the Southern, retaining trackage rights. The AGS bought a half interest in the Woodstock and Blocton Railway from the Louisville and Nashville Railroad in July 1909, giving it access to West Blocton.
The AGS incorporated the Wauhatchie Extension Railway in April 1914 to continue the line from Wauhatchie to a junction with the Southern subsidiary Memphis-Chattanooga Railway west of Lookout Mountain. The property became part of the AGS in February 1917 and was completed later that year, giving the AGS a new route into Chattanooga, via the extension, trackage rights over the Memphis-Chattanooga, and a lease of the Belt Railway of Chattanooga.
In January 1969, at the same time as the Southern gained total control over the AGS, it merged the New Orleans and Northeastern Railroad into the AGS. The AGS absorbed the Chattanooga Terminal Railway, Louisiana Southern Railway, and New Orleans Terminal Company in August 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19178493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178493" title="Time Will Pronounce">
Time Will Pronounce

Time Will Pronounce: The 1992 Commissions is a 1993 album by Michael Nyman, his eighteenth release. Nyman does not perform on the album, but he composed all the music, produced it, and wrote the liner notes. The album contains four compositions, each on a separate track. The album is dedicated to the memory of Tony Simons, "friend, manager, and generous and courageous survivor." The album is named for the second and longest of the four works, the only one featuring a former member of the Michael Nyman Band, Elisabeth Perry.
"Self-laudatory hymn of Inanna and her omnipotence".
13:55
James Bowman, countertenor
Fretwork
Inanna is the Queen of the Heavens in the Sumerian religion. Nyman found the text on February 12, 1992 in a translation by Samuel Noah Kramer in "Ancient Near Eastern Texts Relating to the Old Testament" edited by James B. Pritchard (3rd edition with supplement, Princeton University Press, 1969), in the personal library of an Armenian friend. In the hymn, Inanna speaks proudly of all that her father, Enlil, has given her, and it takes the form of a list. Its audacity, shamelessness, and repetitive structure appealed to him, and thought it would be suitable for James Bowman's voice. He became even more interested in setting the work when he learned that Inanna is well-known deity embraced by many feminists, and not obscure, as he had initially thought. Indeed, she superseded all Sumerian deities, male or female, by the end of the Sumerian civilization. In spite of the last stanza of the piece being the most repetitive, Nyman chose to use cadential diversity rather than repetition.
The work was first performed June 11, 1992 at Christ Church, Spitalfields in London. The recording was made the following day at St. Augustine's Church.
"Time will pronounce".
20:35
Trio of London
The title of "Time will pronounce" is derived from the closing lines of Joseph Brodsky's "Bosnia Tune." Nyman uses the word "generally" five times in describing the nature of the work--violin and cello independent of piano, alternating tempi without motivation, use of harmonics, and so on. The piece premiered July 14 at the Pittville Pump Room, Cheltenham.
"The convertibility of lute strings".
15:06
Virginia Black, harpsichord
Commissioned by neurologist Anthony Roberts for Virginia Black, a fellow student with whom Nyman studied harpsichord at the Royal Academy of Music, the title refers to a late sixteenth century practice to which Christopher Marlowe refers in his book, "" on the death of Christopher Marlowe, in which lute strings were popular to use as a commodity with moneylenders when money was not available, but Nyman states that this is completely irrelevant to the piece, and that his only musical reference in it is to the closing section of his own opera, "The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat", because the piece was commissioned by a neurologist.
This work was first performed November 19 at the Purcell Room in London, and was recorded at St. Michael's Church in Highgate two days later.
"For John Cage".
14:23
London Brass
Mark Bennett was a guest performer on "The Kiss and Other Movements". The piece is named because the work was completed on August 12, 1992, and Nyman read in the newspaper the following day that John Cage had died, although Cage's influence is not directly felt in the piece, and Nyman acknowledges the piece might not be to his taste. On earlier sheets of the work, he noted the deaths of Miles Davis (who died September 29, the day it was begun) and Ástor Piazzolla. The working title for the piece has been "Canons, chorales and waltzes," but Nyman rejected this because there was only one canon, one waltz, and no chorales. The work features a non-simultaneous multiplicity of the group operating more like ensembles that constantly change.
This piece was first performed November 16 at Norton Knatchbull School in Ashford, Kent, and was recorded five days later at Abbey Road Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="19178498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178498" title="Keystone Pathfinder">
Keystone Pathfinder

__NOTOC__
The Keystone K-47 Pathfinder was an airliner developed in the United States in the late 1920s, built only in prototype form.
Design & development.
The Pathfinder was an attempt by the Keystone Aircraft Corporation to develop a civil transport version of the successful series of bombers that it was producing for the United States Army Air Corps as the LB-5 and its derivatives. Like them, it was a conventional biplane design with engines mounted in nacelles on the lower wing, but also added a third engine, mounted on the nose (as the single engine of the LB-1 had been). A passenger cabin with seating for ten was added to the fuselage.
The first Pathfinder (registered NX179) was chosen by US Navy pilots Noel Davis and Stanton Wooster for their attempt at the Orteig prize to cross the Atlantic. The standard Liberty engines were replaced by Wright J-5s of approximately half their power. Painted yellow, the aircraft was named "American Legion" after the sponsors of the attempt. On 26 April 1927, a week before their planned departure, the aircraft crashed during a heavily-laden test flight from Langley Field at Hampton, Virginia. Unable to climb quickly enough to clear a row of trees, Davis attempted to turn the aircraft, but lost height and was forced to land. Although he succeeded in bringing the aircraft down, he was unable to stop it as it skidded into a nearby bog and was wrecked. Davis and Wooster were both killed, the former's face crushed and the latter's neck broken. The remains of the aircraft were trucked back to Keystone, where it was rebuilt and re-registered (NC1612). It was purchased by Basil Rowe to use for his pioneering air service in the West Indies, West Indian Aerial Express, christened "Santa Maria". As Pan American expanded its operations into the area, "Santa Maria" was chartered to fly the first of the airline's mail flights from Key West to Havana, before Pan Am purchased West Indian Aerial Express outright, and the Pathfinder along with it. The aircraft continued to fly freight for Pan Am for some years before retired and burned at Brownsville, Texas.
The second Pathfinder (NC5317) was fitted with extensions to its lower wing that was used to carry a neon sign advertising Silver Dust laundry soap through the skies of New York at night during 1928. 

</doc>
<doc id="19178514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178514" title="Institute of Pharmacy, Jalpaiguri">
Institute of Pharmacy, Jalpaiguri

The Institute of Pharmacy, Jalpaiguri, is situated in the district of Jalpaiguri in West Bengal, India. It is situated in the District Hospital Campus in Jalpaiguri Town. It was previously known as Jackson's Medical College. It was created by the then British Government as an axillary medical institution to grant medical degrees in 1823.It is the first diploma pharmacy college in India, as it started granting diploma degrees in Pharmacy since 1920. The school was upgraded to a B.Pharm degree granting institution in 2003. 
History.
The building was originally a medical School named Jackson Medical School (established in 1832). The degree it then granted was abolished by the government of India after introduction of MBBS degree in India. In 1949, the site was renamed the Institute Of Pharmacy. Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy, then the Chief Minister of West Bengal established the pharmacy school. It is approved by AICTE and PCI.

</doc>
<doc id="19178524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178524" title="Gabrielle Bell">
Gabrielle Bell

Gabrielle Bell (born March 24, 1976 in London, England) is a British-American alternative cartoonist known for her surrealist, melancholy semi-autobiographical stories.
Biography.
When Bell was two, her American mother divorced her British father and took Gabrielle and her brother back to the United States. Ending up in a relatively isolated rural town in Mendocino County, Bell writes that she "grew up ... spending a lot of time reading, walking in the woods, and making up stories." As a teenager Bell attended a college program for low-income and at-risk students hosted by Humboldt State University, where she took classes in Shakespeare and composition. When Bell was 17 she traveled in Europe, including England, where she met her British relatives. Later moving to San Francisco, Bell took art classes at the City College of San Francisco, worked in a series of dead-end retail jobs, and began self-publishing her comics. In 2003, she moved to New York to live with her then boyfriend.
Works.
Books of....
From about 1998 to 2002, Bell annually self-published a 32-page comic, each of whose titles began with "Book of...", including "Book of Insomnia", "Book of Sleep", "Book of Black", "Book of Lies," and "Book of Ordinary Things." Many of the stories from those comics were collected in "When I'm Old and Other Stories", published by Alternative Comics in 2003.
"Lucky".
In 2003, Bell began the self-published semi-autobiographical "Lucky" series, of which the third won a 2003 Ignatz Award for Most Outstanding Minicomic. "Lucky" details Bell's day-to-day existence in a 
frank and good-humored manner, as she navigates a world of dilapidated rental apartments, low-paying jobs, yoga classes, roommate misadventures, and artistic frustration. These snippets of daily life in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, New York, are comforting in their familiarity; by settling into the rhythm of the artist's daily life, the reader experiences the heft of small victories and simple pleasures. "Lucky" tells of the anguish of nude modeling; sex-obsessed, adolescent art students; and Bell's own foibles.
"Lucky" was collected by Drawn and Quarterly in fall 2006, and launched as a new series (vol. 2), also by Drawn and Quarterly, in 2007.
"Cecil and Jordan in New York".
"Cecil and Jordan in New York" (Drawn & Quarterly) is a collection of Bell's short comics work that has been published in various anthologies, including "Kramers Ergot" (Buenaventura Press), "Mome" (Fantagraphics), and "Drawn and Quarterly Showcase Book Four".
Michel Gondry.
Bell collaborated with director Michel Gondry on a film adaptation of the title story of "Cecil and Jordan in New York", in which a young woman turns herself into a chair so as not to be too much of a bother to those around her. The film, titled "Interior Design", was co-written by Bell and Gondry and directed by Gondry as part of the film Tôkyô!.
Bell and Gondry also collaborated on "Kuruma Tohrimasu", a collection of drawings and photographs made during the production of "Interior Design". Conceived of as a thank-you gift for the film's cast and crew, "Kuruma Tohrimasu" is published as part of Drawn and Quarterly’s Petits Livres series.
Anthologies.
Bell was a regular contributor to Fantagraphics' quarterly anthology "Mome". She has also contributed to publications such as "Kramers Ergot" (Buenaventura Press), "Stereoscomic" (Stereoscomic), "Bogus Dead" (Alternative), "Orchid" (Sparkplug Comics), "The Comics Journal Special Edition" 2005 (Fantagraphics), "Scheherazade" (Soft Skull Press), and "Shout!" magazine. Her work has been included three times in the annual Best American Comics anthology series.

</doc>
<doc id="19178528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178528" title="Winifred Hervey">
Winifred Hervey

Winifred Hervey (born May 14, 1955) is an American television producer and screenwriter. She is sometimes credited as Winifred Hervey Stallworth.
Biography.
Career.
Hervey began her career in the 1970s as a writer for The Garry Marshall Company where she wrote for the sitcoms "Mork & Mindy" and "The New Odd Couple". During the 1980s, she wrote episodes of "Benson" and "The Cosby Show". She also penned episodes of "The Golden Girls", where she also served as co-producer. In 1987, she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series while working on the series. 
In the 1990s, she executive produced and wrote for "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" and "In the House". In 1996, she created, executive produced and served as head writer for "The Steve Harvey Show". The series won three NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Comedy Series in 2001, 2002, and 2003. In 2002, she produced and wrote six episodes of the UPN series "Half & Half" for which she was nominated for a BET Comedy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19178543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178543" title="Contempt toward officials">
Contempt toward officials

Contempt towards officials is addressed in the Punitive articles, specifically Article 88 of the U.S. Uniform Code of Military Justice in the Manual for Courts-Martial (MCM), United States (2008 Edition) as follows:
Explanation.
The official or legislature against whom the words are used must be occupying one of the offices or be one of the legislatures named in Article 88 at the time of the offense. Neither “Congress” nor “legislature” includes its members individually. “Governor” does not include “lieutenant governor.” It is immaterial whether the words are used against the official in an official or private capacity. If not personally contemptuous, adverse criticism of one of the officials or legislatures named in the article in the course of a political discussion, even though emphatically expressed, may not be charged as a violation of the article. 
Similarly, expressions of opinion made in a purely private conversation should not ordinarily be charged. Giving broad circulation to a written publication containing contemptuous words of the kind made punishable by this article, or the utterance of contemptuous words of this kind in the presence of military subordinates, aggravates the offense. Unlike civilian legislation covering defamation, the truth or falsity of the statements is immaterial.
Lesser included offense.
Article 80—attempts 
Maximum punishment.
Dismissal, forfeiture of all pay and allowances, and confinement for 1 year.
Source.
"This article incorporates text from Manual for Courts-Martial, a public domain work of the United States Government."

</doc>
<doc id="19178557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178557" title="Alpha Reticuli">
Alpha Reticuli

Alpha Reticuli (Alpha Ret, α Reticuli, α Ret) is the Bayer designation the brightest star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Reticulum, with an apparent visual magnitude of 3.3. This appears to be a solitary star located at a distance of 162 light-years from Earth. Although it is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye, the declination of this star means that it is best viewed from the southern hemisphere and is only readily visible below the tropic of cancer.
This star has more than three times the mass of the Sun and is about 330 million years old. The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of G8 II-III, with the luminosity class notation 'II-III' indicating it shows some traits of both a giant star and a bright giant. At this evolutionary stage, the atmosphere has expanded to almost thirteen times the radius of the Sun and the outer envelope has an effective temperature of 5,196 K. X-ray emission has been detected from this star, with an estimated luminosity of .
Alpha Reticuli has a 12th-magnitude visual companion, CCDM J04144-6228B, at an angular separation of 48 arcseconds away along a position angle of 355°. Since the two stars share a common proper motion across the celestial sphere, it is possible that Alpha Reticuli, rather than being solitary, may instead be the primary component of a binary star system with an orbital period is at least 60,000 years.
Naming.
In Chinese caused by adaptation of the European southern hemisphere constellations into the Chinese system, (), meaning "White Patches Attached", refers to an asterism consisting of α Reticuli and θ Doradus. Consequently, α Reticuli itself is known as (, .)

</doc>
<doc id="19178586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178586" title="Battle of Petitcodiac">
Battle of Petitcodiac

The Battle of Petitcodiac was fought during the Bay of Fundy Campaign (1755) of the French and Indian War. The battle was fought between the British colonial troops and Acadian resistance fighters led by French Officer Charles Deschamps de Boishébert on September 4, 1755 at the Acadian village of Village-des-Blanchard on the Petitcodiac River (present-day Hillsborough, New Brunswick, Canada).
Background.
After the capture of Fort Beauséjour in June 1755 by British troops during the Seven Years War, they began rounding up and deporting the local French population. Using Fort Cumberland as a base, British troops and colonial militia made forays into the surrounding countryside, rounding up Acadians and destroying their settlements. Some of the Acadians surrendered, while others fled from the coastal communities into the interior, where they joined with local Mi'kmaq and Maliseet Indians in resisting the British deportation. 
Charles Deschamps de Boishébert was a French militia commander who became a resistance leader. Based in the Miramichi River valley, he helped Acadians fleeing the British deportation operations escape to Quebec. After the fall of Beausejour, Monckton sent a naval squaldorn to evict him from the satellite fort at the mouth of the Saint John River. Knowing that he could not defend his position, Bosishebert destroyed the fort. When he received word that the British were planning an expedition to the Petitcodiac River, he hurried to Chipoudy, where he organized 120 Acadians, Maliseets and Mi'kmaq into a guerrilla fighting force. 
During Bay of Fundy Campaign (1755), on August 28, Monckton sent Major Joseph Frye with an expedition of 200 provincial militia from Fort Cumberland in two armed sloops, with instructions to clear Acadians settlements on the Petitcodiac River. After setting the buildings on fire at Shepody, New Brunswick, they began moving up the river, torching settlements and taking prisoners along the way.
Battle.
On September 2, the expedition began these clearing operations on settlements in and around the Village-des-Blanchard. While the main body worked on the eastern bank of the river, a detachment of fifty or sixty under John Indicot was despatched to the western bank. When they set fire to the village church, Boishébert and three hundred men attacked. The British retreated behind a dyke and were in a near panic when Frye landed with the remainder of the force and took command. After three hours of spirited fighting, Frye eventually extracted the force to the boats and retreated. Twenty two British were killed and another six were wounded. Ranger Joseph Gorham was wounded in the battle.
Aftermath.
The battle was a stinging defeat for the British. Abbe Le Guerne wrote that it "made the English tremble more than all the cannons of Beausejour." For many of the provincial fighters this was their first experience with combat and over 50 percent of those who participated became casualties.
The battle was the first bright spot for the Acadians. Boishebert rescued thirty Acadian families and brought off several fields worth of crops and supplies. Charles Deschamps de Boishébert et de Raffetot's created an Acadian refugee camp known as "Camp de l’Espérance", on Beaubears Island near present-day Miramichi, New Brunswick. The Acadians also managed to reach camps Baie des Chaleurs and the Restigouche River. On the Restigouche River, Boishébert refugee camp was at Petit-Rochelle (present-day Pointe-à-la-Croix, Quebec). Boishebert also led Acadians against the British in the 1759 siege of Quebec.
The British would return three years later to destroy the village again for the final time in the Petitcodiac River Campaign (1758).
The site is now marked by a National Historic Sites and Monument plaque.

</doc>
<doc id="19178605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178605" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's javelin throw">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's javelin throw

These are the official results of the Women's Javelin Throw event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 30 participating athletes, with the final held on Saturday 28 August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19178612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178612" title="Françoise Demulder">
Françoise Demulder

Françoise Demulder (1947 – 3 September 2008) was a French war photographer who in 1976 became the first woman to win the prestigious World Press Photo of the Year award. The winning image was a black-and-white photo of a Palestinian woman raising her hands at a masked militiaman in Beirut's war-ravaged La Quarantaine district. Demulder died on 3 September 2008 aged 61, having suffered a heart attack at a hospital in the Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret.

</doc>
<doc id="19178616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178616" title="Da REAList">
Da REAList

Da REAList is the third studio album by American rapper Plies, released by Atlantic Records on December 16, 2008 in North America.
The album was released just six months after his previous release, "Definition of Real", with re-teaming with producers and rapper Drumma Boy, No I.D. and DVS. Additional production by Mannie Fresh, T-Minus and DJ Infamous among others.
"Da REAList" was released to more mixed and lukewarm reviews among critics than his previous albums. The album has reached number fourteen on the US "Billboard" 200.
Background.
The rapper re-entered recording studios shorty after the released of his preview album "The Real Testament" to begin working with producers Drumma Boy, Mannie Fresh, DJ Infamous and many others. Plies also collaborated with R&B newcomer Chris J, Sean Garrett, and Ashanti. The song "Want It, Need It" was originally supposed to be released on "Definition of Real" but didn't make the final tracklisting.
The first buzz about the album was started after the release of "Definition of Real", where the back page of the album booklet had a statement about the album title and the release date. /
Chart performance.
The album debuted at number one on "Billboard"'s Top Rap Albums chart, and number fourteen on the "Billboard" 200, with sales of 114,438 copies in its first week. It is Plies lowest charting album to date, which spent twenty weeks on the "Billboard" 200. The album has sold over 326,149 copies as of December 4, 2009.
The single "Pants Hang Low" was released on iTunes on September 23, 2008 as a promo single. Plies was one of the few to speak out against the belt-less pants ban in southern cities.
"Da REAList" spawned three singles: The album's lead single, "Put It on Ya", became one of Plies biggest hits, reaching number 31 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number 8 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart. Follow-up single "Want It, Need It", which featured R&B singer Ashanti, barely made it on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number ninety-six, but reached the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart at twenty-one. The third and final single, "Plenty Money" received a radio airplay released and shared the same success as the last single. Although the singles "Spend The Night" was going to be the album final single and plans for a Philip Andelman direction video, it was cancelled due to Plies working on his fourth album, "Goon Affiliated".
A music video for the song "Pants Hang Low" featuring Mannie Fresh was released on December 15, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19178617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178617" title="Total Fitness">
Total Fitness

Total Fitness is a chain of health clubs in the UK, operated by Total Fitness UK Limited. 
History.
Total Fitness was established by Kwik Save founder Albert Gubay in 1993 on the Isle of Man. The first Total Fitness opened in Walkden in 1998. It was sold to the private equity arm of Legal & General in December 2004 for £80 million (€120 million).
Description.
As of 2008, Total Fitness employed around 1,000 staff and around 180,000 members. As of 2011, its 24 clubs are concentrated in northern England, with other locations in Wrexham, Wales, and in Dublin, Ireland. Membership is mid-priced, and the clubs are relatively large. Membership at any Total Fitness club allows access to any other Total Fitness club.

</doc>
<doc id="19178631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178631" title="Brittany Haas">
Brittany Haas

Brittany Haas is an American fiddle player. She plays as a duo with Lauren Rioux. She is a member of the Boston-based alternative bluegrass band, Crooked Still, which are currently on hiatus. She graduated from Princeton University in 2009 and was a member of the Princeton University Band. She has been a member of Darol Anger's Republic of Strings. Her first CD, "Brittany Haas", was released on Ook records in 2004 and includes guest musicians Bruce Molsky, Darol Anger, Todd Sickafoose, Mike Marshall, and her sister, cellist Natalie Haas. Her repertoire focuses on Appalachian mountain music played on the five-string fiddle. She studied with Darol Anger for several years and also credits Bruce Molsky as a mentor. She currently lives in Nashville, Tennessee. 
Haas is part of the house band for the documentary "Porchlight Sessions".
Reviews.
http://www.nashvillescene.com/nashville/brittany-haas-and-lauren-rioux/Event?oid=2803340
“Brittany Haas and Lauren Rioux”, March 11 2012; NashvilleScene; downloaded July 23, 2013.  
http://www.mainstreettakoma.org/event/759
“4tet: Brittany Haas, Cleek Schrey, Jordan Tice & NicGareiss”, JANUARY 30TH, 2013, Main Street Tacoma; downloaded July 23, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19178639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178639" title="Depsang Plains">
Depsang Plains

The Depsang Plains are located on the border of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir and the Chinese autonomous region of Xinjiang. The Chinese Army occupied most of the plains in 1962.India controls the western portion of the plains, while the eastern portion is part of the Aksai Chin region which is controlled by China and claimed by India. In April 2013,Chinese PLA troops infiltrated into Depsang Bulge,but later the PLA has to retreat due to diplomatic pressure from India.

</doc>
<doc id="19178641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178641" title="Laurie Simmons">
Laurie Simmons

Laurie Simmons (born October 3, 1949) is an American artist and photographer currently working in New York.
Personal life.
Laurie Simmons was born on Long Island, New York, in 1949, the daughter of Dorothy "Dottie", a housewife, and Samuel Ira "Sam" Simmons, a dentist. She was raised in a Jewish community. She received a BFA from Tyler School of Art in 1971. Simmons lives and works in New York City and Cornwall, Connecticut with her husband, the painter Carroll Dunham, and their two daughters, Lena and Grace.
Photography.
Since the mid-1970s, Simmons has staged scenes for her camera with dolls, ventriloquist dummies, objects on legs and occasionally people, to create photographs that reference domestic scenes.
Early black and white.
Simmons’ first mature works, shot in 1976, were black-and-white images taken in a dollhouse, un-peopled variations on each room in the house, particularly the bathroom, using sunlight and different angles to create a “dazzling, dreamlike stage set.” She then added a housewife doll into a kitchen set and "photographed the figure over and over in various positions — standing and sitting at the table, at the counter, in a corner, standing on her head with the kitchen in disarray. The mood is dramatically different than in the bathroom views."
Black Series.
For the Black Series, Simmons constructed spare rooms with dollhouse furniture and replicas of iconic, easily recognizable artworks. Simmons considered the photographs of these interior spaces her strongest work at the time.
Early Color Interiors.
In 1978, Simmons began shooting the figures in the dollhouse in color, to create the "Early Color Interiors" series. At that time, color photography was "more commonly associated with the artifice of commercial photography while black-and-white was perceived to be more truthful. By using the techniques and processes identified with advertising, fashion, and film, Simmons linked her work to a realm of suspended belief--the realm of fantasy and fiction that sustained many of her memories and longings."
Cowboys.
After much interest in her Early Color Interiors, Simmons began searching for new subject matter and decided to photograph a set of cowboy figures that belonged to Carroll Dunham. The cowboys were on horseback in an unrestrained outdoor environment, shot in a style reminiscent of television Westerns.
Water Ballet.
In 1979, Simmons began photographing dolls in a fish tank and eventually floating underwater in a full-sized pool. During this process, she turned her underwater camera to real people swimming. The result was "Water Ballet," a series that developed as Simmons choreographed underwater movements for her friends and photographed their interpretations.
Color Coordinated Interiors.
In the early 1980s, she created the series "Color-Coordinated Interiors", which used Japanese dolls called Teenettes, monochrome toys of women who Simmons photographed in front of rear projection images of interior decorated rooms. The dolls matched the color theme of the rooms.
Tourism.
The series that followed was "Tourism," in 1984, which also used the "Teenette" dolls, but showed them in groups visiting famous places around the world, including the Eiffel Tower, the Pyramids, the Parthenon, and the Taj Mahal. This series investigated the mediation of these places through photography and media instead of real experience. "She used the same strategy to shoot the "Tourism" series as she used for the "Color-Coordinated Interiors," populating unrealistically pristine postcard views with her dolls via rear projection. The figures are color-cued to the background scene, which was often unintentionally monochromatic due owing to the poor quality of the slide." The slides were collected by Simmons from tourist shops and museum collections.
Talking Objects.
In 1987, Simmons visited the Vent Haven Museum in Kentucky and over a period of a few years photographed various dummies and props there, resulting in the "Talking Objects" series.
Walking and Lying Objects.
Simmons began using objects on legs in her series "Walking & Lying Objects" from the late 1980s. The first work in this series is a work from 1987 titled "Walking Camera I (Jimmy the Camera)," of Simmons's friend and former roommate, the late artist Jimmy De Sana, wearing an old-fashioned box camera costume. The photographs that follow use miniatures and small doll legs. "As she animates the objects, Simmons plays out various roles," wrote curator Jan Howard in an essay accompanying Simmons' retrospective at the Baltimore Museum of Art. "Her transformed women parade across a simulated stage as if in a fashion show or a musical, wearing the accoutrements with which they are identified."
Clothes Make the Man.
This series of male dummy sculptures were made in collaboration with figure maker Alan Semok. The seven dummies were identical, differentiated only by their clothes and subtitles. Simmons stated that the series "...was just about these minute differences in the way we look or the way we act that make us feel like we’re so profoundly different."
Café of the Inner Mind.
Simmons later took a more critical look at the dummies, photographing them in environments and using collage to interject their thoughts or visualizations. Much like the ventriloquists she had seen as a child, Simmons gave the dummies a dialogue based on her own projections. According to Simmons, "the dummy is such a metaphor for lying and telling the truth. The way the ventriloquist is able to say whatever he or she wants to say, through this other character. You don’t have to take responsibility for anything that you’re saying because the dummy said it or the dummy did it. It made me think about a lot of things, from news-casting to public speakers to politicians to friends."
Kaleidoscope House.
In 2001, Simmons collaborated with architect Peter Wheelwright to design an interactive modernist dollhouse called the "Kaleidoscope House." The house was decorated with miniature artwork and furniture by contemporary artists and designers.
The Instant Decorator.
Also in 2001, Simmons began her "Instant Decorator" series, which was based on a 1976 interior decorating book of the same name, that provided templates of household rooms for the client to fill with swatches of fabric and paint samples. The series features works that are collage-like and opulently filled with accessories and characters in dramatic "mises en scène".
The Love Doll.
In 2009, Simmons began a new series called "The Love Doll," featuring a lifesize doll from Japan. This series documents the ongoing days in the doll's life.
Exhibitions.
Simmons had her first solo show at Artists Space, a non-profit gallery in New York, in 1979, showing the "Early Color Interiors". Shortly after, she exhibited work at P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center.
In 1980, Simmons began showing at Metro Pictures Gallery in New York.
Simmons had a mid-career retrospective at the Baltimore Museum of Art in 1997. The artist is currently represented by Salon 94.
Film.
In 2006, Simmons made her first film, "The Music of Regret". The film is thought to be an extension of her photographs, bringing her objects to life by involving musicians, professional puppeteers, Alvin Ailey dancers, Hollywood cinematographer Ed Lachman, and actress Meryl Streep. This three act musical creates a narrative between iconic objects found in her photographs.
Simmons starred in a feature-length film by her daughter Lena Dunham, called "Tiny Furniture", which was filmed in 2009 and was featured at the South by Southwest film festival in 2010. The film won various awards in 2010, including the Jury Prize for Best Narrative Feature, the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association’s New Generation Awards, and the Sarasota Film Festival’s Independent Visions Award. It was nominated for Gotham Awards for best Ensemble Performance, and Breakthrough Director.
Fashion collaborations.
In 2008, Simmons collaborated with the designer Thakoon Panichgul to create fabrics for his Spring 2009 line. The pattern featured a variation on Simmons' series "Walking & Lying Objects" from the late eighties, which involved various objects that are animated with legs in different positions. The fabric for Thakoon's line was based on legs paired with a rose.
Simmons also collaborated with Peter Jensen on his 2010 spring collection. Jensen photographed models in poses directed by Simmons based on images from fashion magazines in the 60's and 70's. The resulting photographs were then cut into paper dolls, dressed in a miniature version of Jensen’s spring collection, and placed inside Simmons’ typical dollhouse tableaus. The book of photographs was released for London Fashion Week 2009.
Popular culture.
Simmons made a guest appearance on "Gossip Girl" in 2011 to make a portrait of the van der Woodsen family in a style that resembled her Interior Decorator series from 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19178651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178651" title="It's Your World">
It's Your World

"It's Your World" is a double album by soul artist Gil Scott-Heron and musician Brian Jackson, released in November 1976 on Arista Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in studio and live in July 1976 at St. Paul's Mall in Boston, Massachusetts, Electric Lady Studios in New York City, and American Star Studios in Merrifield, Virginia. Scott-Heron and Jackson recorded the album with the former's backing ensemble, The Midnight Band. "It's Your World" was originally released on vinyl and was later re-released in 2000 on compact disc by Scott-Heron's Rumal-Gia label.
Reception.
"It's Your World" was well received by music critics upon its release. Mick Brown of "Sounds" gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and stated "Gil Scott-Heron takes another step in carving out his singular niche as jazz musician/rhetorician extraordinaire – number one in a field of one". "Lawrence Journal-World" writer Marshall Fine commended the "fluid aggregation of musicians" and praised the album's "integrity, intelligence and an involving musical style that belies the often-bitter nature of their lyrics". In his consumer guide for "The Village Voice", critic Robert Christgau gave "It's Your World" an A- rating, indicating "a very good record. If one of its sides doesn't provide intense and consistent satisfaction, then both include several cuts that do". Christgau complimented Scott-Heron's musical approach and stated "If anything proves how serious Scott-Heron has become, it's the infectious groove running through all four sides of this concert album".
In a retrospective review, Maurice Bottomley of PopMatters complimented the album's incorporation of "ballads, poetry, jazz solos, Latin breaks and a hip funkiness", stating "It is raw, passionate and powerful, and at all times the rhythmic pulse and the solo explorations compliment the lyrical wizardry". Bottomley viewed that "It's Your World" features Scott-Heron, Jackson, and backing ensemble The Midnight Band "at their collective peak" and wrote that it "functions both as a document of a particular historical moment and as a fresh musical experience today". "U.S. News & World Report" hailed it a "masterpiece", complimenting its "mellow funk" and "heartbreaking sonic portraits [...] seething with indignation and sorrow". "Boston Herald" writer Brian Coleman perceived "an upbeat and compassionate side" to Scott-Heron on the album and cited it as "arguably Scott-Heron's most fully realized work, tempering his early-70s anger with soulful wisdom and uplifting words". Allmusic writer Hal Horowitz called the album "a moving listening experience" and commended its themes with respect to "its Centennial-centric time frame", writing that it "loses little of its impact... tunes have lost none of their lyrical edge or incisiveness throughout the years". Horowitz cited it as "one of Gil Scott-Heron's best albums as well as a compelling musical time capsule ... proof of the artist's musical and lyrical acuity".
Track listing.
All songs written by Gil Scott-Heron.

</doc>
<doc id="19178653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178653" title="Big Strides">
Big Strides

Big Strides is a London based 3-piece band that plays an original mix of blues, rock, jazz and funk. With an original lineup consisting of Marcus O'Neill (vocals, guitar, harmonica), Lewis Kirk (drums) and Tom Pi (double bass), Chris Kelly replaced Tom Pi as double bassist in 2006. 
Their first album "Small Town, Big Strides" was released in 2005 on their own label, Tall Order Records. The first single "Suicidal" notched up 300,000 downloads in the USA and prompted Jonathan Ross on BBC Radio 2 to comment "I can't decide if I love it or if it upsets me".
After regular appearances at Ronnie Scott's, tours of the UK and performances at Glastonbury, they first went to Japan in 2006 to play at Summer Sonic, following a sudden rush of import album sales. Their second album "Cry It All Out" was picked up for release in Japan (EMI) and Germany (India/ Rough Trade).
The breadth and variety of Big Strides' influences has seen them support a wide range of artists including Roy Ayers, Horace Andy, Damien Rice, Bloc Party and Arctic Monkeys.

</doc>
<doc id="19178658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178658" title="Battle of Chmielnik">
Battle of Chmielnik

The Battle of Chmielnik occurred on 18 March 1241 during the Mongol invasion of Poland. It ended in the defeat of the Polish armies of Sandomierz and Kraków provinces. The Mongols were able to move unimpeded, and plunder the abandoned city of Kraków.
Background.
The Mongols invaded Poland in early 1240, and were advancing westwards. The Poles had already suffered a defeat (battle of Tursko), and the Mongol forces split into two or three armies, the main of which, under Baidar, was heading towards Kraków (Cracow), a large city (and capital of the fragmented Polish Kingdom) in central-southern Poland (two other Mongol commanders, Kadan and Orda Khan, were advancing more to the north).
Battle.
Details of the battle were recorded in the chronicles of Jan Długosz. Incidentally, the oldest mention of the town Chmielnik dates to the battle. In 1241, it was a village (Chmielnik would gain city rights only in mid-16th century).
Polish forces were commanded by Włodzimierz, voivode (palatine) of Kraków, and Pakosław, voivode of Sandomierz, and represented most of Polish knights from those two provinces (the Kraków Province, also known as the Seniorate Province, and the Sandomierz Province) of fragmented Poland. The Mongols were commanded by Baidar. The Duke of Kraków, Bolesław V the Chaste, withdrew prior to the battle and did not participate. Bolesław's escape damaged the morale of the army, and caused many others to withdraw as well, weakening the forces available to Włodzimierz and Pakosław.
While the Polish forces had the advantage in the first phase of the battle, the Mongols, seeing that they would not defeat the Poles in straight combat, feigned a retreat. When the Polish forces begun to pursue them, they were hit by the Mongols' reinforcements and defeated comprehensively. Polish casualties were very heavy (Norman Davies wrote: "At Chmielnik, the assembled nobility of Malopolska perished to a man"); Włodzimierz and Pakosław were slain.
Aftermath.
With the defeat of the Polish army, panic spread through the nearby Polish lands. Kraków, one of the largest and most prosperous cities of Poland, was abandoned, as inhabitants fled, and the Mongols spent several days pillaging it and the neighboring hamlets (accounts vary on how soon after the battle Mongols entered the city, but it is certain they burned it by March 24).
In the modern town of Chmielnik there is a monument dedicated to this battle.

</doc>
<doc id="19178710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178710" title="Corpus Christi Elementary School (Canada)">
Corpus Christi Elementary School (Canada)

Corpus Christi Elementary School, is a member of the Catholic Independent Schools of the Vancouver Archdiocese. 
It has grades kindergarten to grade seven and follows the B.C. Ministry of Education Guidelines for its curriculum.
Corpus Christi is a feeder school to Notre Dame Regional Secondary high school, in Vancouver, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19178731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178731" title="Benjamin Hallowell Carew">
Benjamin Hallowell Carew

Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowell Carew GCB, (born Benjamin Hallowell) (?1 January 1761 – 2 September 1834) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy. He was one of the select group of officers, referred to by Nelson as his "Band of Brothers", who served with him at the Battle of the Nile.
Early years.
Although he is often identified as Canadian, Hallowell's place and exact date of birth have been the subject of dispute among researchers. He was probably born on 1 January 1761 in Boston, Massachusetts, where his British father, former naval captain Benjamin Hallowell (1723–1799), was Commissioner of the Board of Customs. His mother, Mary (Boylston) Hallowell, was the daughter of Thomas Boylston, and a first cousin of Susanna Boylston, the mother of the 2nd President of the United States, John Adams, and grandmother of the 6th President, John Quincy Adams. He was a brother of Ward Nicholas Boylston and a nephew of Governor Moses Gill.
His father's job exposed Hallowell's Loyalist family to attacks as American revolutionary sentiment grew. In August 1765 the Hallowell house in Roxbury was ransacked by a mob and the family relocated to Jamaica Plain and in September 1774 his father was pursued by a furious mob of 160 mounted men who had gathered to hear news of the resignation of other customs officials. The family left the country in March 1776, at the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War, and their estates were confiscated. They stayed for a short time in Halifax, Nova Scotia, then took a passage to England in July 1776.
Educated in the private schools of England, through his father's connections with Admiral Samuel Hood, 1st Viscount Hood, Hallowell entered the Royal Navy at a slightly later age than was normal, receiving his promotion to lieutenant on 31 August 1781.
Naval career.
Benjamin Hallowell's naval career spanned the American Revolutionary War, the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars, and he took part in a number of important actions in all three. As a lieutenant in Admiral Lord Hood's fleet, he saw action in the Battles of St. Kitts and the Saintes in 1782. He continued on active service after the end of the war and was promoted to the rank of commander in about 1791. Commissioned as a post-captain in August 1793, he and his ship took part in the evacuation following the Siege of Toulon in that year. He was involved in the Siege of Bastia under the command of Lord Hood, and then as a volunteer at the capture of Calvi, Corsica, in 1794 (in which Nelson lost the sight of his right eye); he was mentioned in despatches by Lord Hood for his part in this action, and was subsequently given command of .
By 1795 he was in command of "HMS Courageux", and took part with her in the Battle of Hyères. He was not aboard in December 1796 when the vessel was wrecked after an incident in the Bay of Gibraltar during bad weather. Her mooring cable parted and she was driven within range of Spanish shore batteries; Hallowell, ashore to sit at a court-martial, was denied permission to rejoin the ship and take her to safety. She was subsequently wrecked off Monte Hacho in high winds during her officers' attempts to move to a safer anchorage, with the loss of almost 500 lives. 
Following her loss, Hallowell served as a volunteer aboard during the Battle of Cape St. Vincent (1797). Admiral Sir John Jervis commended Hallowell to the Admiralty by for his actions during the battle. Jervis, a stern and imposing figure, informed of the superior odds facing him, he expressed determination to attack no matter how strong the opposition; Hallowell, standing with Jervis on the deck of Victory, reportedly expressed loud approbation and thumped his commander-in-chief on the back in a startling display of familiarity. Subsequently, Hallowell received command of .
Nelson's coffin.
Hallowell is probably best known as the man who made Nelson a present of what would become his own coffin, after the Battle of the Nile in August 1798. Hallowell commanded , a 74-gun ship of the line, during the battle. "Swiftsure" engaged the French flagship "L'Orient" at close quarters and played a major role in her destruction. Some time later Hallowell sent Nelson a coffin Hallowell had ordered to be made from a salvaged piece of "L'Orient"s mainmast, with an accompanying note: Nelson is said to have been pleased with the gift, keeping it propped against the wall of his cabin for some time, behind the chair in which he sat for dinner, and taking it with him to his next command. After Nelson was killed in 1805 during the Battle of Trafalgar, he was buried the coffin Hallowell had given him.
Hallowell himself, now in command of HMS "Tigre", missed the Battle of Trafalgar. Nelson had sent "Tigre", along with five other vessels in his squadron, to Gibraltar for water and on convoy duty. However his old command, "Swiftsure", took part on the French side. She and her officers and crew, including Hallowell, had been captured in 1801 after a fight with a squadron of five French warships. Hallowell faced a court-martial over this incident when he was returned to England after a short time as a prisoner of war, but he was honorably acquitted of any failure of duty.
Hallowell remained a serving naval officer after Nelson's death. He was promoted to the rank of Rear-Admiral of the Blue on 1 August 1811; Rear-Admiral of the White in 1812; Vice-Admiral of the Blue on 12 August 1819; Vice-Admiral of the White on 19 July 1821; and Admiral of the Blue in 1830.
Honours.
Hallowell was awarded the Neapolitan Order of Saint Ferdinand and Merit for his actions during the siege of Corsica, an honour also presented to Nelson. He was appointed a Colonel of Royal Marines on 31 July 1810, and was number 61 amongst those appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the restructuring of the Order on 2 January 1815, and promoted to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) on 6 June 1831.
Inheritance and change of name in later life.
In 1828, Sir Benjamin Hallowell succeeded to the estates of the Carew family of Beddington, Surrey, on the death of his cousin, who had herself inherited them from her brother-in-law. In accordance with the terms of her will, he assumed the Carew name and coat of arms, becoming known as Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowell Carew. He died on 2 September 1834.
Hallowell-Carew married Ann Inglefield, daughter of John Nicholson Inglefield. They were the parents of Captain Charles Hallowell-Carew R.N., who married a daughter of Sir Alexander Maxwell, 2nd Bt., of Myrton Castle, Wigtownshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19178739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178739" title="Joanna B. Michlic">
Joanna B. Michlic

Joanna B. Michlic was a professor of Polish-Jewish history at Lehigh University, in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19178764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178764" title="Ron Hoffmann">
Ron Hoffmann

Ron Hoffmann is a Canadian diplomat. 
Hoffmann was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada in 1961. After graduating from Daniel McIntyre Collegiate Institute (High School), he attended the University of Manitoba where he obtained a B.A. (Honours) in 1984. In 1990, Mr. Hoffmann earned an M.A. (International Affairs) from the Norman Paterson School of International Affairs at Carleton University.
Career.
Prior to joining Canada's federal civil service, Mr. Hoffmann worked as a special assistant to Ontario's minister of the environment and as a policy adviser in the Office of the Premier of Ontario.
Hoffmann joined Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade in 1989. 
Between 1989 and 2001, he held numerous sub-Ambassadorial postings at Canadian missions in The Hague, Johannesburg, Beijing and London. While in London, Hoffmann was minister (political affairs and public diplomacy). 
From 2001 to 2002, Hoffmann served as a senior departmental assistant to former Ministers of Foreign Affairs John Manley and Bill Graham.
In 2007, Hoffmann was appointed Canadian Ambassador to Afghanistan. During his two-year tenure in Afghanistan, the Canadian Embassy saw a 25-fold growth in personnel.
In June 2009, Hoffmann was appointed Canada's Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand, Myanmar (Burma), Laos and Cambodia.
Hoffmann and his wife, Andrea, have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19178776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178776" title="Northern Viking">
Northern Viking

Northern Viking is an annual NATO exercise held in Iceland. The exercises were held biannually until 2006 when the frequency was increased.
The purpose of the exercise is to test the capabilities of Iceland and her NATO allies, as well as increase the readiness of the forces involved and their inter-operability.
Northern Viking 2008.
Northern Viking 2008 was held by the Icelandic Defence Agency and the United States European Command (EUCOM). More than 400 foreign troops were deployed to Icelandic Bases with aircraft and a Danish warship.
Operations.
The exercise consisted of an air defence exercise and a maritime defence exercise. 
Northern Viking 2007.
Northern Viking 2007 was held by the Icelandic MFA Office of Defence and the United States European Command (EUCOM). More than 240 foreign troops were deployed to Icelandic Bases with aircraft and a Danish warship.
Operations.
The exercise consisted of an air defence exercise and an anti-terrorist exercise. 

</doc>
<doc id="19178801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178801" title="Indiana Rocks">
Indiana Rocks

Indiana Rocks is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in April 2000. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19178803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178803" title="Firoza Begum (actress)">
Firoza Begum (actress)

Firoza Begum, also known as Susan Solomon, was a Jewish Indian actress. She is of Bene Israel heritage. Firoza acted in several Bollywood and Mollywood films.

</doc>
<doc id="19178853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178853" title="Six Mile Creek">
Six Mile Creek

Six Mile Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19178860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178860" title="Hacallı (40° 27' N 47° 05' E), Barda">
Hacallı (40° 27' N 47° 05' E), Barda

Hacallı (also, Gadzhaly and Gadzhally) is a village in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19178864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178864" title="Raydiance Inc.">
Raydiance Inc.

Raydiance Inc., headquartered in Petaluma, California, is the maker of the world’s first software-controlled ultrashort pulse (USP) laser. The company was established in 2003 by Jeff Bullington and Peter Delfyett in Orlando Florida as Ablation Industries, Inc. In 2004 Ablation Industries changed its corporate name to Raydiance, Inc. and recruited Barry Schuler, former CEO of America Online (AOL), as its new CEO and Chairman of the Board. Raydiance, Inc. commercialized a fiber-based USP technology first developed in the laboratories at the University of Central Florida's College of Optics. This effort was funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. Raydiance introduced its first product, a desktop-sized picosecond pulse laser, in 2007. Ultrashort pulse lasers, which generate pulses in the picosecond to femtosecond range, are being used for applications in the life sciences, micromachining, imaging and diagnostics, and defense sectors.

</doc>
<doc id="19178880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178880" title="Hacallı (40° 14' N 47° 16' E), Barda">
Hacallı (40° 14' N 47° 16' E), Barda

Hacallı (also, Hajaly and Hajally) is a village in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19178886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178886" title="Protist">
Protist

Protists are a large and diverse group of eukaryotic microorganisms, which belong to the kingdom Protista. There have been attempts to remove the kingdom from the taxonomy but it is still very much in use. The use of Protoctista is also preferred by various organisations and institutions. Molecular information has been used to redefine this group in modern taxonomy as diverse and often distantly related phyla. The group of protists is now considered to mean diverse phyla that are not closely related through evolution and have different life cycles, trophic levels, modes of locomotion and cellular structures. Besides their relatively simple levels of organization, the protists do not have much in common. They are unicellular, or they are multicellular without specialized tissues, and this simple cellular organization distinguishes the protists from other eukaryotes, such as fungi, animals and plants.
The term "protista" was first used by Ernst Haeckel in 1866. Protists were traditionally subdivided into several groups based on similarities to the "higher" kingdoms: the unicellular "animal-like" protozoa, the "plant-like" protophyta (mostly unicellular algae), and the "fungus-like" slime molds and water molds. These traditional subdivisions, largely based on superficial commonalities, have been replaced by classifications based on phylogenetics (evolutionary relatedness among organisms). However, the older terms are still used as informal names to describe the morphology and ecology of various protists.
Protists live in almost any environment that contains liquid water. Many protists, such as the algae, are photosynthetic and are vital primary producers in ecosystems, particularly in the ocean as part of the plankton. Other protists include pathogenic species such as the kinetoplastid "Trypanosoma brucei", which causes sleeping sickness and species of the apicomplexan "Plasmodium" which cause malaria.
Classification.
Historical classifications.
The first division of the protists from other organisms came in the 1830s, when the German biologist Georg August Goldfuss introduced the word "protozoa" to refer to organisms such as ciliates and corals. This group was expanded in 1845 to include all unicellular animals, such as foraminifera and amoebae. The formal taxonomic category "Protoctista" was first proposed in the early 1860s by John Hogg, who argued that the protists should include what he saw as primitive unicellular forms of both plants and animals. He defined the Protoctista as a "fourth kingdom of nature", in addition to the then-traditional kingdoms of plants, animals and minerals. The kingdom of minerals was later removed from taxonomy by Ernst Haeckel, leaving plants, animals, and the protists as a “kingdom of primitive forms”.
In 1938, Herbert Copeland resurrected Hogg's label, arguing that Haeckel's term "protista" included anucleated microbes such as bacteria, which the term "Protoctista" (literally meaning "first established beings") did not. In contrast, Copeland's term included nucleated eukaryotes such as diatoms, green algae and fungi. This classification was the basis for Whittaker's later definition of Fungi, Animalia, Plantae and Protista as the four kingdoms of life. The kingdom Protista was later modified to separate prokaryotes into the separate kingdom of Monera, leaving the protists as a group of eukaryotic microorganisms. These five kingdoms remained the accepted classification until the development of molecular phylogenetics in the late 20th century, when it became apparent that neither protists nor monera were single groups of related organisms (they were not monophyletic groups).
Modern classifications.
Although systematists today do not treat protists as a formal taxon, the term "protist" is currently used in two ways. The most popular contemporary definition is a phylogenetic one that identifies a paraphyletic group: a protist is any eukaryote that is not an animal, (land) plant, or (true) fungus. The other definition describes protists primarily by functional or biological criteria: protists are essentially those eukaryotes that are never multicellular, that either exist as independent cells, or if they occur in colonies, do not show differentiation into tissues. The term "protozoa" is used to refer to heterotrophic species of protists that do not form filaments. These terms are not used in current taxonomy, and are retained only as convenient ways to refer to these organisms.
The taxonomy of protists is still changing. Newer classifications attempt to present monophyletic groups based on ultrastructure, biochemistry, and genetics. Because the protists as a whole are paraphyletic, such systems often split up or abandon the kingdom, instead treating the protist groups as separate lines of eukaryotes. The recent scheme by Adl "et al." (2005) is an example that does not bother with formal ranks (phylum, class, etc.) and instead lists organisms in hierarchical lists. This is intended to make the classification more stable in the long term and easier to update. Some of the main groups of protists, which may be treated as phyla, are listed in the taxobox, upper right. Many are thought to be monophyletic, though there is still uncertainty. For instance, the excavates are probably not monophyletic and the chromalveolates are probably only monophyletic if the haptophytes and cryptomonads are excluded.
Metabolism.
Nutrition can vary according to the type of protist. Many protists are flagellate, for example, and filter feeding can take place where the flagella find prey. Other protists can engulf bacteria and other food particles, by extending their cell membrane around them to form a food vacuole and digest them internally, in a process termed phagocytosis. 
Reproduction.
Some protists reproduce sexually (gametes), while others reproduce asexually (binary fission).
Some species, for example "Plasmodium falciparum", have extremely complex life cycles that involve multiple forms of the organism, some of which reproduce sexually and others asexually. However, it is unclear how frequently sexual reproduction causes genetic exchange between different strains of "Plasmodium" in nature and most populations of parasitic protists may be clonal lines that rarely exchange genes with other members of their species.
Eukaryotes emerged in evolution more than 1.5 billion years ago. The earliest eukaryotes were likely protists. Although sexual reproduction is widespread among extant eukaryotes, it seemed unlikely until recently, that sex could be a primordial and fundamental characteristic of eukaryotes. A principal reason for this view was that sex appeared to be lacking in certain pathogenic protists whose ancestors branched off early from the eukaryotic family tree. However, several of these protists are now known to be capable of, or to recently have had the capability for, meiosis and hence sexual reproduction. For example, the common intestinal parasite "Giardia lamblia" was once considered to be a descendant of a protist lineage that predated the emergence of meiosis and sex. However, "G. lamblia" was recently found to have a core set of genes that function in meiosis and that are widely present among sexual eukaryotes. These results suggested that "G. lamblia" is capable of meiosis and thus sexual reproduction. Furthermore, direct evidence for meiotic recombination, indicative of sex, was also found in "G. lamblia".
The pathogenic parasitic protists of the genus Leishmania have been shown to be capable of a sexual cycle in the invertebrate vector, likened to the meiosis undertaken in the trypanosomes.
"Trichomonas vaginalis", a parasitic protist, is not known to undergo meiosis, but when Malik et al. tested for 29 genes that function in meiosis, they found 27 to be present, including 8 of 9 genes specific to meiosis in model eukaryotes. These findings suggest that "T. vaginalis" may be capable of meiosis. Since 21 of the 29 meiotic genes were also present in G. lamblia, it appears that most of these meiotic genes were likely present in a common ancestor of "T. vaginalis" and "G. lamblia". These two species are descendants of protist lineages that are highly divergent among eukaryotes, leading Malik et al. to suggest that these meiotic genes were likely present in a common ancestor of all eukaryotes.
Based on a phylogenetic analysis, Dacks and Roger proposed that facultative sex was present in the common ancestor of all eukaryotes.
This view was further supported by a study of amoebae by Lahr et al. Amoeba have generally been regarded as asexual protists. However these authors describe evidence that most amoeboid lineages are anciently sexual, and that the majority of asexual groups likely arose recently and independently.
Protists generally reproduce asexually under favorable environmental conditions, but tend to reproduce sexually under stressful conditions, such as starvation or heat shock. Oxidative stress, which is associated with the production of reactive oxygen species leading to DNA damage, also appears to be an important factor in the induction of sex in protists.
Role as pathogens.
There are some protists that are significant pathogens of animals and others that are pathogens of plants; for example there are five species of the parasitic genus "Plasmodium", which cause malaria in humans; and the oomycete "Phytophthora infestans", which causes late blight in potatoes. A more thorough understanding of protist biology may allow these diseases to be treated more efficiently.
Recent papers have proposed the use of viruses to treat infections caused by protozoa.
Researchers from the Agricultural Research Service are taking advantage of protists as pathogens in an effort to control red imported fire ant ("Solenopsis invicta") populations in Argentina. With the help of spore-producing protists such as "Kneallhazia solenopsae" (this is more widely recognized as belonging to the fungus kingdom now) the red fire ant populations can be reduced by 53-100%. Researchers have also found a way to infect phorid flies with the protist without harming the flies. This is important because the flies act as a vector to infect the red fire ant population with the pathogenic protist.
Fossil record.
Many protists have no hard parts or don't produce resistant spores, and their fossils are extremely rare or unknown, as the apicomplexans, most ciliates, some green algae (the Klebsormidiales), choanoflagellates, oomycetes, brown algae, yellow-green algae, excavates (e.g., euglenids). Some of these have been found preserved in amber (fossilized tree resin) or under unusual conditions.
Others are relativelly common in the fossil record, as the diatoms, golden algae, haptophytes (coccoliths), silicoflagellates, tintinnids (ciliates), dinoflagellates, green algae, red algae, heliozoans, radiolarians, foraminiferans, ebriids and testate amoebae (euglyphids, arcellaceans). Some are even used as paleoecological indicators to reconstruct ancient environments.
More probable eukaryote fossils begin to appear at about 1.8 billion years ago, the acritarchs, spherical fossils of likely algal protists.

</doc>
<doc id="19178893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178893" title="2005 United Kingdom snow events">
2005 United Kingdom snow events

The year 2005 saw 25 heavy snowfall days, which is the joint snowiest year with 1876 across the United Kingdom, between the years 1861-2005.
January.
The first event occurred on the weekend of Saturday 1st and Sunday 2 January. Belts of rain sweeping west to east across the UK turned to snow on the leading edge over parts of Scotland and Northern England, particularly the Scottish Highlands on the 2nd. The snow caused some travel disruption with some roads being forced to close. The snow was accompanied by Gale force winds, peaking at 70 mph during the period.
Snow showers continued to affect Highland Scotland on Wednesday 12 January, with blizzards caused by 100 mph winds. Snow showers also affected parts of Southern Scotland, Northeast England and the Midlands.
After a brief spell of settled weather, a series of Atlantic depressions affected all of the United Kingdom on Monday 17th and Tuesday 18 January. Rainbands pushed eastwards across the country, turning to snow across Scotland, and also Northern Ireland and Northern England on the 18th. All of the schools on the Western Isles were closed on the 18th as up to 25 cm of snow fell in central and eastern regions of Scotland. Several roads were forced to close.
As an anticyclone dominated the weather between Sunday 23rd and Thursday 27th, cold northerly winds plagued eastern coasts of both Scotland and England. Frequent heavy snow showers affect Eastern and Northern Scotland, Eastern England and also Central Southern England. County Durham received 29 cm of lying snow on the 23rd, whilst 4 cm was reported in Dover and Folkestone, Kent, on the 25th and some minor snowfalls also affected the Midlands and the higher ground of Southwest England.
February.
After a relatively mild but unsettled first half of February, Arctic air flooded southwards behind a cold front on the 18th. Snow showers affected the Midlands, Northern England, Southeast England and Northern Scotland between Sunday 20th and Monday 28th. North Yorkshire received 8 cm of lying snow on the 21st, whilst blizzards and 13 cm of lying snow forced more than 30 schools to close in Aberdeenshire. Temperatures also struggled to climb above freezing, with Buxton, Derbyshire, only reaching 0.8°C as a maximum temperature on the 22nd. By the 25th, 30 cm of snow lay over the Pennines, with drifts of 1.5 metres reported, 50 cm of snow lay in County Durham and 7 cm in the Dover area of Kent.
The cold, arctic weather continued right to the end of February, with further frequent snow showers in eastern regions. 54 flights were cancelled from Heathrow and hundreds of schools across the southeast were forced to shut as 27 cm of snow fell across Kent.
50 cm snow drifts were reported in Kent and East Sussex on the 27th, causing several road accidents. 
March.
Snow continued to fall across Scotland and Eastern England into March, with 30 vehicles involved in an accident on the M8 between Glasgow and Edinburgh, on the 1st. The snow caused more than 140 schools in Fife and 30 schools in Aberdeenshire to close or partially close, along with 20 schools and nurseries in Angus.
The heaviest March snowfall for 10 years occurred across Kent on the 2nd. 30 cm drifts on the North Downs caused the closure of 400+ schools and the M2 and M20 motorways. 200 homes also lost their electricity supply in Kent, Surrey and East Sussex. Snow continued to fall in these regions on the 3rd and 4th, temporarily closing Luton and Stansted airports. Meanwhile, further snow affected Northeast Scotland and Northeast England, with significant accumulations reported and hundreds of school closures.
However, milder weather made a return across the UK, however as showers pushed eastwards they turned to snow across Northern Scotland during the night of the 13th and 14 March. March continued and ended on a relatively mild but unsettled note.
April.
Typically, a showery start to April was replaced with a return to cold, northerly winds as a weak cold front passed eastwards on 7 and 8 April. This brought a period of heavy snow to the Scottish Highlands, blocking many high level routes in the area.
Showers also turned briefly to snow as far south as the Derbyshire Peaks on the night of the 15th. This was the last snow event of the season.
November.
As two cold fronts pushed eastwards on the 24th, squally showers turned to sleet and snow across East Anglia, Wales and Southwest England. Up to 30 cm of snow was reported in Devon and Cornwall on the 25th, with 2 metre drifts. The snowfall trapped approximately 1000 people on the A30 near Kennards House, across Bodmin Moor, Cornwall, after several snow related accidents blocked the road. The snow caused a six-mile tailback and people were advised by the police to remain in their vehicles. A Royal Marine and two RAF and Navy helicopters, and a convoy of four-wheel drive vehicles, organised by Devon and Cornwall police, took stranded drivers to leisure centres and emergency shelters for the night. 68 schools across Cornwall were forced to close because of the bad weather.
Blizzards also affected Northern Scotland and Northern Ireland, where four men were stranded on the Cairngorms.
Heavy snow showers continued to fall over the Grampians and the Highlands on the 28th, and snow showers also reported in Manchester, over the Pennines and North York Moors. These also pushed southwards into the Midlands and Lincolnshire during the afternoon, before affecting Gloucestershire during the evening, especially between 17:00-20:00GMT. Approximately 400 cars were abandoned on the A417 between Gloucester and Cirencester due to snowy conditions, and the A57 Snake Pass in the Peak District was closed for a time.
December.
A brief northerly blast mid-month brought frequent hail and snow showers down the east coast, where a covering of snow was reported in Norfolk on the 17th. 
Then, after a quiet and relatively settled Christmas period, showers over Essex and Kent turned increasingly wintry on Boxing day night as cold air arrived from the east. Here the snow settled, and frequent snow showers in Southeast England and East Anglia on 27 and 28 December gave a covering of 30 cm across the Downs in Kent, causing some roads and the Channel Tunnel terminal to close for two hours. By the 28th, the snow showers began to affect other northern regions, including Norfolk, Lincolnshire, West Yorkshire and Northeast England. North Yorkshire received 20 cm of snow over high ground, whilst the snow caused huge tailbacks on the A1 between Alnwick and Berwick. The snow showers petered later on the 29th as outbreaks of rain, sleet and hill snow moved into western areas.
On Friday 30 December, a band of heavy rain pushed eastwards, with heavy snow on the leading edge. This brought several hours of snow followed by rain, where 20 cm fell in some parts of Yorkshire, with snowdrifts of 1 metre reported. The snow caused hundreds of drivers to be stranded on the A1079 during the late morning at Arras Hill in the East Riding of Yorkshire. There was a marked temperature difference on the 30th, with Redesdale, Northumberland, only reaching 0.4°C as a maximum, whilst some places reached 12°C in Southwest England.

</doc>
<doc id="19178895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178895" title="Lac-Sainte-Marie, Quebec">
Lac-Sainte-Marie, Quebec

Lac-Sainte-Marie is a municipality in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada, north of Gatineau. It is named after Lake Saint Mary.
History.
In 1840, the area was opened to colonization, and a municipality was formed in 1872, originally called Hincks, in honor of politician Sir Francis Hincks (1807-1885), who was then finance minister in the cabinet of Macdonald. After this cabinet fell in 1873, Hincks name was quickly replaced in popular usage by the name of the parish, and then by the name of the lake.
In 1928 the Village was voluntarily flooded to create the Paugan hydroelectric dam in Low Quebec, 90% of the Village had to be relocated to more higher grounds. The Church remained in the center of the old town and is to this day still underwater. As devastating as this was for the locals it attracted enough attention that allowed many tourist to visit Lac-Ste-Marie and this expanded its surface and conquer the hearts of numerous tourists from the city of Ottawa and Gatineau. 
In 1975, Lac-Sainte-Marie became the official name, and paid tribute to a forgotton pioneer, Marie Léveillée, mother of Jean-Marie Léveillée who was the first settler in the area.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 295
Mother tongue languages:

</doc>
<doc id="19178899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178899" title="Hacallı, Barda">
Hacallı, Barda

Hacallı, Barda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19178903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178903" title="Damdin">
Damdin

Damdin (, Damdiny in the genitive form for patronymics) is a common part of Mongolian names, as in:

</doc>
<doc id="19178913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178913" title="Longer">
Longer

"Longer" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg. The song can be found on Fogelberg's 1979 album "Phoenix". It was also included on his 1982 greatest hits album as well as various other retrospective and compilation recordings.
Fogelberg, who had released more rock-oriented songs throughout the 1970s, jokingly described "Longer" in the liner notes to one of his retrospective albums as "the song that put me on the elevators." He wrote the song while vacationing in Maui, "lounging in a hammock one night and looking up at the stars. It just seems this song was drifting around the universe, saw me, and decided I'd give it a good home." Accompanying Fogelberg's vocals is an acoustic guitar (played by the singer) as well as a flugelhorn solo by Jerry Hey.
Lyrically, the song compares various events ("Longer than there've been stars up in the heavens") with his emotional attachment to the one he loves ("I've been in love with you"). 
Charts.
"Longer" was released as a single in late 1979, prior to the release of the album "Phoenix". It became Fogelberg's highest-charting hit of his career, spending two weeks at No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in March 1980. It was kept from the summit the first week by "Crazy Little Thing Called Love" by Queen, and remained in the runner-up spot the next week behind "Another Brick in the Wall" by Pink Floyd. In addition, "Longer" became the first of the singer's four No. 1 songs on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart between 1980 and 1984. The song reached No. 85 on the "Billboard" country music chart.
In the United Kingdom, "Longer" was Fogelberg's only song to reach the UK Singles Chart, where it peaked at No. 59.

</doc>
<doc id="19178914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178914" title="Joseph Jean Baptiste Neuberg">
Joseph Jean Baptiste Neuberg

Joseph Jean Baptiste Neuberg (30 October 1840 – 22 March 1926) was a Luxembourger mathematician who worked primarily in geometry.
Biography.
Neuberg was born on 30 October 1840 in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg. He first studied at a local school, the Athénée de Luxembourg, then progressed to Ghent University, studying at the École normale des Sciences of the science faculty. After graduation, Neuberg taught at several institutions. Between 1862 and 1865, he taught at the École Normale de Nivelle. For the next sixteen years, he taught at the Athénée Royal d'Arlon, though he also taught at the École Normale at Bruges from 1868 onwards.
Neuberg switched from his previous two schools to the Athénée Royal de Liège in 1878. He became an extraordinary professor in the university in the same city in 1884, and was promoted to ordinary professor in 1887. He held this latter position until his retirement in 1910. A year after his retirement, he was elected president of the Belgian Royal Academy, which he had joined earlier, in 1866, after taking Belgian nationality despite his origins.
The professor died on 22 March 1926 in Liège, Belgium, and was commemorated in the Bulletin of the American Mathematical Society.
Contributions.
Neuberg worked mainly in geometry, particularly the geometry of the triangle, The Neuberg cubic, a curve defined from a triangle, is named after him, and passes through the isodynamic points of a triangle which he discovered and published in 1885.
Neuberg was also involved in a number of mathematical journals. With Eugène Catalan and Paul Mansion, he founded the journal "Nouvelle correspondance mathématique". This journal was founded to honour the earlier journal "Correspondance mathématique et physique", which had been edited by Lambert Quetelet and Jean Garnier. "Correspondance" was published until 1880; after this, Catalan advised Mansion and Neuberg to continue publication of a new journal. They followed his advice, creating "Mathesis" in 1881, which is perhaps Neuberg's best-known journal.
Several mathematical societies included Neuberg: the Institute of Science of Luxembourg, the Royal Society of Science of Liège, Mathematical Society of Amsterdam, and the Belgian Royal Academy noted in the biography above.

</doc>
<doc id="19178923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178923" title="Old Lafayette County Courthouse">
Old Lafayette County Courthouse

The Old Lafayette County Courthouse, built 1893-1894, is an historic former courthouse building located on State Road 51 at 136 Fletcher Avenue, North, corner of Bloxham Street in Mayo, Florida, It was Lafayette County's second courthouse, the first at New Troy having burned down New Year's Eve 1892. It was built on the courthouse square in Mayo but was moved across the street to make way for a fireproof building, the present Lafayette County Courthouse. A two-story verandah was added on 3 sides after it was moved. In 1989, the Old Lafayette County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press. Today it is an inn called the Chateau.

</doc>
<doc id="19178932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178932" title="Wind power in Maine">
Wind power in Maine

There are several wind power projects in the state of Maine, with a total of 521 MW in capacity. The largest single wind farm is Kibby Mountain with an installed capacity of 132 MW. Former Governor John Baldacci set a goal for the state of 2,000 megawatts of wind power installed by 2015 and 3,000 MW by 2020.
Overview.
In 2011 wind power facilities in Maine generated 713 million kilowatt hours of electrical energy out of 15,778 million kilowatt hours total generated in the state, or 4.5% of the total.
As of the end of 2011, 397 megawatts of wind generation capacity had been installed in Maine.
Operating wind farms.
Mars Hill.
Mars Hill (), in the town of Mars Hill, Maine, underwent an $85 million wind turbine project in the fall of 2006, installing more than 28 GE 1.5 MW Wind Turbines along the top and northern section of the mountain, which overlooks Canada. The windmills are assembled in four parts. The towers, made of three support sections stacked on top of one another, and each weighing 20,000 pounds, are 262 ft (80 m) tall. The blades attached to the hub of the turbine are about 115 ft (35 m) long – giving a rotor span exceeding the wingspan of a Boeing 747 jet-liner. This is small, though, compared to the wind turbines available in .
Kibby Mountain.
The Kibby Mountain wind farm project—at a capacity of 132 MW, prospectively New England's largest—comprises forty-four 3 MW wind turbines strung along the ridges of Kibby Mtn. () and nearby Kibby Range ().
is expected to generate about 357 million kilowatt-hours (41 MW·yr) of electricity annually. 
Half the turbines were put online in October 2009, and TransCanada completed the project in 2010. 
The capital cost of the project is approximately US $320 million.
Work on clearing the site began by September 2008.
Record Hill.
Record Hill Wind is a 50.6 MW wind project in Roxbury, consisting of 22 turbines arrayed along a four mile long north-south ridgeline connecting Record Hill, Flathead Mountain (), and Partridge Peak. The electrical output of the project is estimated to be approximately 160 million kW·h (18 MW·yr) per year.
Stetson.
Stetson Wind Farm began commercial operations in January 2009. The 57 megawatt wind farm consists of 38  GE 1.5 MW Wind Turbines strung along the north-south ridge of Stetson Mountain (), and will generate approximately 167 million kilowatt-hours (kW·h) of electricity per year. Stetson Wind Farm surpassed the Mars Hill Wind Farm as the largest wind energy project in operation in New England.
In March 2009, the LURC approved First Wind's $60 million 25.5 MW Stetson II expansion. Seventeen turbines will be installed on nearby Jimmy () and Owl () mountains. 
In September 2009, First Wind received $40.44 million from the federal government for the Stetson I project; it was one of twelve grants made to wind projects under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act stimulus program.
Rollins.
In addition to the Stetson and Mars Hill projects, First Wind completed a 60 MW wind farm, with forty 1.5-MW turbines, on Rollins Mountain () and other hills in the Penobscot County towns of Lincoln, Burlington, Lee, and Winn.
The estimated cost is US$ 130 million.
Fox Islands.
The Fox Islands Wind Power Project () is a 4.5 MW wind project consisting of three GE 1.5 MW wind turbines, providing power for North Haven and Vinalhaven Island. The $14.5 million project is expected to produce 11,600 megawatt-hours of electricity per year. Approved by a vote of 383–5 on July 29, 2008 by members of the Fox Islands Electric Cooperative, construction began on June 29, 2009, and the wind farm went online on November 17.
The project has significantly reduced rates on the island residents, who previously imported all their power from the mainland via a submarine power cable.
However, the noise generated by the turbines has caused considerable controversy on the island.
Beaver Ridge.
The 3 turbine Beaver Ridge Wind Project is located in Freedom. It is owned and operated by Patriot Renewables and was commissioned on November 1, 2008.
Bull Hill.
A 34.2 MW wind project on Bull Hill () and adjoining hills in Maine Township 16, MD, was built by First Wind and put online October 31, 2012. 
The $78.5 million project consists of 19 Vestas V100-1.8MW wind turbines.
Proposed wind projects.
Longfellow.
First Wind proposed an installation on Black Mountain () in Rumford.
The Longfellow project would have 16 turbines that could produce 40 MW of electricity, enough to power about 17,000 homes in the Northeast. The power would be sold to the New England power grid. If the plan goes ahead, the wind turbines would be built on the west side of the mountain, away from the Black Mountain ski area.
Oakfield.
A proposed 51 MW wind project in Oakfield () will consist of as many as 34 GE 1.5 MW Wind Turbines.
Deepwater Offshore wind.
The DeepCwind Consortium's mission is to establish the State of Maine as a national leader in deepwater offshore wind technology through a research initiative funded by the U.S. Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation, and others. The University of Maine-led consortium includes universities, nonprofits, and utilities; a wide range of industry leaders in offshore design, offshore construction, and marine structures manufacturing; firms with expertise in wind project siting, environmental analysis, environmental law, composites materials to assist in corrosion-resistant material design and selection, and energy investment; and industry organizations to assist with education and tech transfer activities.
The Ocean Energy Institute, founded by Matthew Simmons, is advocating developing wind power in the Gulf of Maine. 
Simmons and his partner, physicist George Hart, propose an enormous, 5-gigawatt wind farm, with five 64 nmi² (220 km²) sections, each containing 200 5-MW turbines. 
That would generate sufficient power in winter to replace the state's consumption of home heating oil. According to Simmons, a proponent of peak oil, "If we don't do this, we're going to have to evacuate most of Maine."
As proposed, the turbines would be built on floating platforms, anchored in waters 100–200 meters (330–660 ft) deep — something that has never been done in the United States. It will take several years to test the feasibility of such buoyed turbines. (The Hywind wind turbine became the world's first operating large-capacity (2.3 MW) floating wind turbine in the summer of 2009, operating in the North Sea off Norway.)
Hart said, "three qualities — survivability, reliability, and performance — are what investment bankers need to see before they're going to put up the large amount of capital needed".
Angus King, a former governor of Maine, was supportive of the idea. In 2008 he said "I see this as a huge economic development opportunity for Maine... This thing could create 20,000 to 30,000 jobs." 
However, others have challenged the project's projected cost, which could reach $25 billion.
In April 2012 Statoil received state regulatory approval to build a large four-unit demonstration wind farm off the coast of Maine.
, the "Hywind 2" 4-tower, 12–15 MW wind farm was being developed by Statoil North America for placement off the east coast of Maine in -deep water of the Atlantic Ocean. Like the first Hywind installation off Norway, the turbine foundation will be a "spar floater". 
The State of Maine Public Utility Commission voted to approve the construction and fund the US$120 million project by adding approximately 75 cents/month to the average retail electricity consumer. Power could be flowing into the grid no earlier than 2016.
As a result of new legislation (LD 1472) by the State of Maine, Statoil placed their planned Hywind Maine floating wind turbine development project on hold in July 2013. The legislation required the Maine Public Utilities Commission to undertake a second round of bidding with a different set of ground rules that led Statoil to suspend due to increased uncertainty and risk.
Canceled proposals.
Redington and Black Nubble.
In 2005, Maine Mountain Power (MMP) filed an application with the Maine Land Use Regulation Committee (LURC) for a permit to develop a 30-turbine wind farm on Mount Redington () and neighboring Black Nubble ().
After years of contentious debate, the proposal was voted down by the LURC in 2007. The summit of Redington was seen as too ecologically sensitive — a sub-alpine fir habitat providing a home for two rare species, the bog lemming and Bicknell's thrush. Also, the development would have been visible for miles along the Appalachian Trail (AT).
A revised proposal, for 18 turbines only on Black Nubble, was put forward by MMP, supported by many environmental groups, but still opposed by Maine Audubon.
The project was rejected by the LURC in 2008.
Community debate.
A statewide poll in Spring 2007 by the Pan Atlantic SMS Group showed that 85% of Maine people supported wind power development.
A 2009 poll conducted by Portland-based Critical Insights shows that 90% of Maine people support the development of wind power as a source of electricity. Nearly nine in ten Mainers agree that "wind power can improve energy security and reduce Maine’s dependence on fossil fuels, and eight in ten agree that wind power will produce jobs and other forms of economic benefits".
In a 2010 statewide telephone poll of 500 registered voters, 88 percent supported wind power in Maine. Calls to residents in seven rural "rim" counties, from Aroostook to Oxford, where most wind power projects are built or planned, showed 83 percent support. Survey results show that Maine residents "strongly support wind power development, chiefly because it cuts dependence on fossil fuels and creates jobs". The survey was done by Portland-based Pan Atlantic SMS Group for the Maine Renewable Energy Association.
However, some community opposition has arisen, expressed as litigation against mountain wind farms and an ocean wind turbine proposal, as civic activism, and as development of municipal ordinances.
Wind generation.
Source:
Maine used 11,411 GWh in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19178965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178965" title="Fungus">
Fungus

A fungus (; plural: fungi or funguses) is any member of a large group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds (British English: moulds), as well as the more familiar mushrooms. These organisms are classified as a kingdom, Fungi, which is separate from plants, animals, protists, and bacteria. One major difference is that fungal cells have cell walls that contain chitin, unlike the cell walls of plants and some protists, which contain cellulose, and unlike the cell walls of bacteria. These and other differences show that the fungi form a single group of related organisms, named the "Eumycota" ("true fungi" or "Eumycetes"), that share a common ancestor (is a "monophyletic group"). This fungal group is distinct from the structurally similar myxomycetes (slime molds) and oomycetes (water molds). The discipline of biology devoted to the study of fungi is known as mycology (from the Greek μύκης, mukēs, meaning "fungus"). Mycology has often been regarded as a branch of botany, even though it is a separate kingdom in biological taxonomy. Genetic studies have shown that fungi are more closely related to animals than to plants.
Abundant worldwide, most fungi are inconspicuous because of the small size of their structures, and their cryptic lifestyles in soil, on dead matter, and as symbionts of plants, animals, or other fungi. They may become noticeable when fruiting, either as mushrooms or as molds. Fungi perform an essential role in the decomposition of organic matter and have fundamental roles in nutrient cycling and exchange. They have long been used as a direct source of food, such as mushrooms and truffles, as a leavening agent for bread, and in fermentation of various food products, such as wine, beer, and soy sauce. Since the 1940s, fungi have been used for the production of antibiotics, and, more recently, various enzymes produced by fungi are used industrially and in detergents. Fungi are also used as biological pesticides to control weeds, plant diseases and insect pests. Many species produce bioactive compounds called mycotoxins, such as alkaloids and polyketides, that are toxic to animals including humans. The fruiting structures of a few species contain psychotropic compounds and are consumed recreationally or in traditional spiritual ceremonies. Fungi can break down manufactured materials and buildings, and become significant pathogens of humans and other animals. Losses of crops due to fungal diseases (e.g. rice blast disease) or food spoilage can have a large impact on human food supplies and local economies.
The fungus kingdom encompasses an enormous diversity of taxa with varied ecologies, life cycle strategies, and morphologies ranging from unicellular aquatic chytrids to large mushrooms. However, little is known of the true biodiversity of Kingdom Fungi, which has been estimated at 1.5 million to 5 million species, with about 5% of these having been formally classified. Ever since the pioneering 18th and 19th century taxonomical works of Carl Linnaeus, Christian Hendrik Persoon, and Elias Magnus Fries, fungi have been classified according to their morphology (e.g., characteristics such as spore color or microscopic features) or physiology. Advances in molecular genetics have opened the way for DNA analysis to be incorporated into taxonomy, which has sometimes challenged the historical groupings based on morphology and other traits. Phylogenetic studies published in the last decade have helped reshape the classification of Kingdom Fungi, which is divided into one subkingdom, seven phyla, and ten subphyla.
A group of all the fungi present in a particular area or geographic region is known as mycobiota (plural noun, no singular), e.g. "the mycobiota of Ireland".
Etymology.
The English word "fungus" is directly adopted from the Latin "fungus" (mushroom), used in the writings of Horace and Pliny. This in turn is derived from the Greek word "sphongos"/σφογγος ("sponge"), which refers to the macroscopic structures and morphology of mushrooms and molds; the root is also used in other languages, such as the German "Schwamm" ("sponge") and "Schimmel" ("mold"). The use of the word "mycology", which is derived from the Greek "mykes"/μύκης (mushroom) and "logos"/λόγος (discourse), to denote the scientific study of fungi is thought to have originated in 1836 with English naturalist Miles Joseph Berkeley's publication "The English Flora of Sir James Edward Smith, Vol. 5."
Characteristics.
Before the introduction of molecular methods for phylogenetic analysis, taxonomists considered fungi to be members of the Plant Kingdom because of similarities in lifestyle: both fungi and plants are mainly immobile, and have similarities in general morphology and growth habitat. Like plants, fungi often grow in soil, and in the case of mushrooms form conspicuous fruiting bodies, which sometimes bear resemblance to plants such as mosses. The fungi are now considered a separate kingdom, distinct from both plants and animals, from which they appear to have diverged around one billion years ago. Some morphological, biochemical, and genetic features are shared with other organisms, while others are unique to the fungi, clearly separating them from the other kingdoms:
Shared features:
Unique features:
Most fungi lack an efficient system for long-distance transport of water and nutrients, such as the xylem and phloem in many plants. To overcome these limitations, some fungi, such as "Armillaria", form rhizomorphs, that resemble and perform functions similar to the roots of plants. Another characteristic shared with plants is a biosynthetic pathway for producing terpenes that uses mevalonic acid and pyrophosphate as chemical building blocks. However, plants have an additional terpene pathway in their chloroplasts, a structure fungi do not possess. Fungi produce several secondary metabolites that are similar or identical in structure to those made by plants. Many of the plant and fungal enzymes that make these compounds differ from each other in sequence and other characteristics, which indicates separate origins and evolution of these enzymes in the fungi and plants.
Diversity.
Fungi have a worldwide distribution, and grow in a wide range of habitats, including extreme environments such as deserts or areas with high salt concentrations or ionizing radiation, as well as in deep sea sediments. Some can survive the intense UV and cosmic radiation encountered during space travel. Most grow in terrestrial environments, though several species live partly or solely in aquatic habitats, such as the chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis", a parasite that has been responsible for a worldwide decline in amphibian populations. This organism spends part of its life cycle as a motile zoospore, enabling it to propel itself through water and enter its amphibian host. Other examples of aquatic fungi include those living in hydrothermal areas of the ocean.
Around 100,000 species of fungi have been formally described by taxonomists, but the global biodiversity of the fungus kingdom is not fully understood. On the basis of observations of the ratio of the number of fungal species to the number of plant species in selected environments, the fungal kingdom has been estimated to contain about 1.5 million species; a recent (2011) estimate suggests there may be over 5 million species. In mycology, species have historically been distinguished by a variety of methods and concepts. Classification based on morphological characteristics, such as the size and shape of spores or fruiting structures, has traditionally dominated fungal taxonomy. Species may also be distinguished by their biochemical and physiological characteristics, such as their ability to metabolize certain biochemicals, or their reaction to chemical tests. The biological species concept discriminates species based on their ability to mating in fungi. The application of molecular tools, such as DNA sequencing and phylogenetic analysis, to study diversity has greatly enhanced the resolution and added robustness to estimates of genetic diversity within various taxonomic groups.
Morphology.
Microscopic structures.
Most fungi grow as hyphae, which are cylindrical, thread-like structures 2–10 µm in diameter and up to several centimeters in length. Hyphae grow at their tips (apices); new hyphae are typically formed by emergence of new tips along existing hyphae by a process called "branching", or occasionally growing hyphal tips bifurcate (fork) giving rise to two parallel-growing hyphae. The combination of apical growth and branching/forking leads to the development of a mycelium, an interconnected network of hyphae. Hyphae can be either septate or coenocytic: Septate hyphae are divided into compartments separated by cross walls (internal cell walls, called septa, that are formed at right angles to the cell wall giving the hypha its shape), with each compartment containing one or more nuclei; coenocytic hyphae are not compartmentalized. Septa have pores that allow cytoplasm, organelles, and sometimes nuclei to pass through; an example is the dolipore septum in the fungi of the phylum Basidiomycota. Coenocytic hyphae are in essence multinucleate supercells.
Many species have developed specialized hyphal structures for nutrient uptake from living hosts; examples include haustoria in plant-parasitic species of most fungal phyla, and arbuscules of several mycorrhizal fungi, which penetrate into the host cells to consume nutrients.
Although fungi are opisthokonts—a grouping of evolutionarily related organisms broadly characterized by a single posterior flagellum—all phyla except for the chytrids have lost their posterior flagella. Fungi are unusual among the eukaryotes in having a cell wall that, in addition to glucans (e.g., β-1,3-glucan) and other typical components, also contains the biopolymer chitin.
Macroscopic structures.
Fungal mycelia can become visible to the naked eye, for example, on various surfaces and substrates, such as damp walls and spoiled food, where they are commonly called molds. Mycelia grown on solid agar media in laboratory petri dishes are usually referred to as colonies. These colonies can exhibit growth shapes and colors (due to spores or pigmentation) that can be used as diagnostic features in the identification of species or groups. Some individual fungal colonies can reach extraordinary dimensions and ages as in the case of a clonal colony of "Armillaria solidipes", which extends over an area of more than 900 ha (3.5 square miles), with an estimated age of nearly 9,000 years.
The apothecium—a specialized structure important in sexual reproduction in the ascomycetes—is a cup-shaped fruiting body that holds the hymenium, a layer of tissue containing the spore-bearing cells. The fruiting bodies of the basidiomycetes (basidiocarps) and some ascomycetes can sometimes grow very large, and many are well known as mushrooms.
Growth and physiology.
The growth of fungi as hyphae on or in solid substrates or as single cells in aquatic environments is adapted for the efficient extraction of nutrients, because these growth forms have high surface area to volume ratios. Hyphae are specifically adapted for growth on solid surfaces, and to invade substrates and tissues. They can exert large penetrative mechanical forces; for example, the plant pathogen "Magnaporthe grisea" forms a structure called an appressorium that evolved to puncture plant tissues. The pressure generated by the appressorium, directed against the plant epidermis, can exceed . The filamentous fungus "Paecilomyces lilacinus" uses a similar structure to penetrate the eggs of nematodes.
The mechanical pressure exerted by the appressorium is generated from physiological processes that increase intracellular turgor by producing osmolytes such as glycerol. Morphological adaptations such as these are complemented by hydrolytic enzymes secreted into the environment to digest large organic molecules—such as polysaccharides, proteins, lipids, and other organic substrates—into smaller molecules that may then be absorbed as nutrients. The vast majority of filamentous fungi grow in a polar fashion—i.e., by extension into one direction—by elongation at the tip (apex) of the hypha. Alternative forms of fungal growth include intercalary extension (i.e., by longitudinal expansion of hyphal compartments that are below the apex) as in the case of some endophytic fungi, or growth by volume expansion during the development of mushroom stipes and other large organs. Growth of fungi as multicellular structures consisting of somatic and reproductive cells—a feature independently evolved in animals and plants—has several functions, including the development of fruiting bodies for dissemination of sexual spores (see above) and biofilms for substrate colonization and intercellular communication.
The fungi are traditionally considered heterotrophs, organisms that rely solely on carbon fixed by other organisms for metabolism. Fungi have evolved a high degree of metabolic versatility that allows them to use a diverse range of organic substrates for growth, including simple compounds such as nitrate, ammonia, acetate, or ethanol. For some species it has been shown that the pigment melanin may play a role in extracting energy from ionizing radiation, such as gamma radiation; however, this form of "radiotrophic" growth has been described for only a few species, the effects on growth rates are small, and the underlying biophysical and biochemical processes are not known. The authors speculate that this process might bear similarity to CO2 fixation via visible light, but instead utilizing ionizing radiation as a source of energy.
Reproduction.
Fungal reproduction is complex, reflecting the differences in lifestyles and genetic makeup within this diverse kingdom of organisms. It is estimated that a third of all fungi reproduce using more than one method of propagation; for example, reproduction may occur in two well-differentiated stages within the life cycle of a species, the teleomorph and the anamorph. Environmental conditions trigger genetically determined developmental states that lead to the creation of specialized structures for sexual or asexual reproduction. These structures aid reproduction by efficiently dispersing spores or spore-containing propagules.
Asexual reproduction.
Asexual reproduction occurs via vegetative spores (conidia) or through mycelial fragmentation. Mycelial fragmentation occurs when a fungal mycelium separates into pieces, and each component grows into a separate mycelium. Mycelial fragmentation and vegatative spores maintain clonal populations adapted to a specific niche, and allow more rapid dispersal than sexual reproduction. The "Fungi imperfecti" (fungi lacking the perfect or sexual stage) or Deuteromycota comprise all the species that lack an observable sexual cycle.
Sexual reproduction.
Sexual reproduction with meiosis exists in all fungal phyla (with the exception of the Glomeromycota). It differs in many aspects from sexual reproduction in animals or plants. Differences also exist between fungal groups and can be used to discriminate species by morphological differences in sexual structures and reproductive strategies. Mating experiments between fungal isolates may identify species on the basis of biological species concepts. The major fungal groupings have initially been delineated based on the morphology of their sexual structures and spores; for example, the spore-containing structures, asci and basidia, can be used in the identification of ascomycetes and basidiomycetes, respectively. Some species may allow mating only between individuals of opposite mating type, whereas others can mate and sexually reproduce with any other individual or itself. Species of the former mating system are called heterothallic, and of the latter homothallic.
Most fungi have both a haploid and a diploid stage in their life cycles. In sexually reproducing fungi, compatible individuals may combine by fusing their hyphae together into an interconnected network; this process, anastomosis, is required for the initiation of the sexual cycle. Ascomycetes and basidiomycetes go through a dikaryotic stage, in which the nuclei inherited from the two parents do not combine immediately after cell fusion, but remain separate in the hyphal cells (see heterokaryosis).
In ascomycetes, dikaryotic hyphae of the hymenium (the spore-bearing tissue layer) form a characteristic "hook" at the hyphal septum. During cell division, formation of the hook ensures proper distribution of the newly divided nuclei into the apical and basal hyphal compartments. An ascus (plural "asci") is then formed, in which karyogamy (nuclear fusion) occurs. Asci are embedded in an ascocarp, or fruiting body. Karyogamy in the asci is followed immediately by meiosis and the production of ascospores. After dispersal, the ascospores may germinate and form a new haploid mycelium.
Sexual reproduction in basidiomycetes is similar to that of the ascomycetes. Compatible haploid hyphae fuse to produce a dikaryotic mycelium. However, the dikaryotic phase is more extensive in the basidiomycetes, often also present in the vegetatively growing mycelium. A specialized anatomical structure, called a clamp connection, is formed at each hyphal septum. As with the structurally similar hook in the ascomycetes, the clamp connection in the basidiomycetes is required for controlled transfer of nuclei during cell division, to maintain the dikaryotic stage with two genetically different nuclei in each hyphal compartment. A basidiocarp is formed in which club-like structures known as basidia generate haploid basidiospores after karyogamy and meiosis. The most commonly known basidiocarps are mushrooms, but they may also take other forms (see Morphology section).
In glomeromycetes (formerly zygomycetes), haploid hyphae of two individuals fuse, forming a gametangium, a specialized cell structure that becomes a fertile gamete-producing cell. The gametangium develops into a zygospore, a thick-walled spore formed by the union of gametes. When the zygospore germinates, it undergoes meiosis, generating new haploid hyphae, which may then form asexual sporangiospores. These sporangiospores allow the fungus to rapidly disperse and germinate into new genetically identical haploid fungal mycelia.
Spore dispersal.
Both asexual and sexual spores or sporangiospores are often actively dispersed by forcible ejection from their reproductive structures. This ejection ensures exit of the spores from the reproductive structures as well as traveling through the air over long distances. Specialized mechanical and physiological mechanisms, as well as spore surface structures (such as hydrophobins), enable efficient spore ejection. For example, the structure of the spore-bearing cells in some ascomycete species is such that the buildup of substances affecting cell volume and fluid balance enables the explosive discharge of spores into the air. The forcible discharge of single spores termed "ballistospores" involves formation of a small drop of water (Buller's drop), which upon contact with the spore leads to its projectile release with an initial acceleration of more than 10,000 g; the net result is that the spore is ejected 0.01–0.02 cm, sufficient distance for it to fall through the gills or pores into the air below. Other fungi, like the puffballs, rely on alternative mechanisms for spore release, such as external mechanical forces. The bird's nest fungi use the force of falling water drops to liberate the spores from cup-shaped fruiting bodies. Another strategy is seen in the stinkhorns, a group of fungi with lively colors and putrid odor that attract insects to disperse their spores.
Other sexual processes.
Besides regular sexual reproduction with meiosis, certain fungi, such as those in the genera "Penicillium" and "Aspergillus", may exchange genetic material via parasexual processes, initiated by anastomosis between hyphae and plasmogamy of fungal cells. The frequency and relative importance of parasexual events is unclear and may be lower than other sexual processes. It is known to play a role in intraspecific hybridization and is likely required for hybridization between species, which has been associated with major events in fungal evolution.
Evolution.
In contrast to plants and animals, the early fossil record of the fungi is meager. Factors that likely contribute to the under-representation of fungal species among fossils include the nature of fungal fruiting bodies, which are soft, fleshy, and easily degradable tissues and the microscopic dimensions of most fungal structures, which therefore are not readily evident. Fungal fossils are difficult to distinguish from those of other microbes, and are most easily identified when they resemble extant fungi. Often recovered from a permineralized plant or animal host, these samples are typically studied by making thin-section preparations that can be examined with light microscopy or transmission electron microscopy. Researchers study compression fossils by dissolving the surrounding matrix with acid and then using light or scanning electron microscopy to examine surface details.
The earliest fossils possessing features typical of fungi date to the Proterozoic eon, some (Ma); these multicellular benthic organisms had filamentous structures with septa, and were capable of anastomosis. More recent studies (2009) estimate the arrival of fungal organisms at about 760–1060 Ma on the basis of comparisons of the rate of evolution in closely related groups. For much of the Paleozoic Era (542–251 Ma), the fungi appear to have been aquatic and consisted of organisms similar to the extant chytrids in having flagellum-bearing spores. The evolutionary adaptation from an aquatic to a terrestrial lifestyle necessitated a diversification of ecological strategies for obtaining nutrients, including parasitism, saprobism, and the development of mutualistic relationships such as mycorrhiza and lichenization. Recent (2009) studies suggest that the ancestral ecological state of the Ascomycota was saprobism, and that independent lichenization events have occurred multiple times.
It is presumed that the fungi colonized the land during the Cambrian (542–488.3 Ma), long before land plants. Fossilized hyphae and spores recovered from the Ordovician of Wisconsin (460 Ma) resemble modern-day Glomerales, and existed at a time when the land flora likely consisted of only non-vascular bryophyte-like plants. Prototaxites, which was probably a fungus or lichen, would have been the tallest organism of the late Silurian. Fungal fossils do not become common and uncontroversial until the early Devonian (416–359.2 Ma), when they occur abundantly in the Rhynie chert, mostly as Zygomycota and Chytridiomycota. At about this same time, approximately 400 Ma, the Ascomycota and Basidiomycota diverged, and all modern classes of fungi were present by the Late Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian, 318.1–299 Ma).
Lichen-like fossils have been found in the Doushantuo Formation in southern China dating back to 635–551 Ma. Lichens formed a component of the early terrestrial ecosystems, and the estimated age of the oldest terrestrial lichen fossil is 400 Ma; this date corresponds to the age of the oldest known sporocarp fossil, a "Paleopyrenomycites" species found in the Rhynie Chert. The oldest fossil with microscopic features resembling modern-day basidiomycetes is "Palaeoancistrus", found permineralized with a fern from the Pennsylvanian. Rare in the fossil record are the Homobasidiomycetes (a taxon roughly equivalent to the mushroom-producing species of the Agaricomycetes). Two amber-preserved specimens provide evidence that the earliest known mushroom-forming fungi (the extinct species "Archaeomarasmius leggetti") appeared during the mid-Cretaceous, 90 Ma.
Some time after the Permian–Triassic extinction event (251.4 Ma), a fungal spike (originally thought to be an extraordinary abundance of fungal spores in sediments) formed, suggesting that fungi were the dominant life form at this time, representing nearly 100% of the available fossil record for this period. However, the relative proportion of fungal spores relative to spores formed by algal species is difficult to assess, the spike did not appear worldwide, and in many places it did not fall on the Permian–Triassic boundary.
Taxonomy.
Although commonly included in botany curricula and textbooks, fungi are more closely related to animals than to plants and are placed with the animals in the monophyletic group of opisthokonts. Analyses using molecular phylogenetics support a monophyletic origin of the Fungi. The taxonomy of the Fungi is in a state of constant flux, especially due to recent research based on DNA comparisons. These current phylogenetic analyses often overturn classifications based on older and sometimes less discriminative methods based on morphological features and biological species concepts obtained from experimental matings.
There is no unique generally accepted system at the higher taxonomic levels and there are frequent name changes at every level, from species upwards. Efforts among researchers are now underway to establish and encourage usage of a unified and more consistent nomenclature. Fungal species can also have multiple scientific names depending on their life cycle and mode (sexual or asexual) of reproduction. Web sites such as Index Fungorum and ITIS list current names of fungal species (with cross-references to older synonyms).
The 2007 classification of Kingdom Fungi is the result of a large-scale collaborative research effort involving dozens of mycologists and other scientists working on fungal taxonomy. It recognizes seven phyla, two of which—the Ascomycota and the Basidiomycota—are contained within a branch representing subkingdom Dikarya. The below cladogram depicts the major fungal taxa and their relationship to opisthokont and unikont organisms. The lengths of the branches in this tree are not proportional to evolutionary distances.
Taxonomic groups.
The major phyla (sometimes called divisions) of fungi have been classified mainly on the basis of characteristics of their sexual reproductive structures. Currently, seven phyla are proposed: Microsporidia, Chytridiomycota, Blastocladiomycota, Neocallimastigomycota, Glomeromycota, Ascomycota, and Basidiomycota.
Phylogenetic analysis has demonstrated that the Microsporidia, unicellular parasites of animals and protists, are fairly recent and highly derived endobiotic fungi (living within the tissue of another species). One 2006 study concludes that the Microsporidia are a sister group to the true fungi; that is, they are each other's closest evolutionary relative. Hibbett and colleagues suggest that this analysis does not clash with their classification of the Fungi, and although the Microsporidia are elevated to phylum status, it is acknowledged that further analysis is required to clarify evolutionary relationships within this group.
The Chytridiomycota are commonly known as chytrids. These fungi are distributed worldwide. Chytrids produce zoospores that are capable of active movement through aqueous phases with a single flagellum, leading early taxonomists to classify them as protists. Molecular phylogenies, inferred from rRNA sequences in ribosomes, suggest that the Chytrids are a basal group divergent from the other fungal phyla, consisting of four major clades with suggestive evidence for paraphyly or possibly polyphyly.
The Blastocladiomycota were previously considered a taxonomic clade within the Chytridiomycota. Recent molecular data and ultrastructural characteristics, however, place the Blastocladiomycota as a sister clade to the Zygomycota, Glomeromycota, and Dikarya (Ascomycota and Basidiomycota). The blastocladiomycetes are saprotrophs, feeding on decomposing organic matter, and they are parasites of all eukaryotic groups. Unlike their close relatives, the chytrids, most of which exhibit zygotic meiosis, the blastocladiomycetes undergo sporic meiosis.
The Neocallimastigomycota were earlier placed in the phylum Chytridomycota. Members of this small phylum are anaerobic organisms, living in the digestive system of larger herbivorous mammals and in other terrestrial and aquatic environments enriched in cellulose (e.g., domestic waste landfill sites). They lack mitochondria but contain hydrogenosomes of mitochondrial origin. As the related chrytrids, neocallimastigomycetes form zoospores that are posteriorly uniflagellate or polyflagellate.
Members of the Glomeromycota form arbuscular mycorrhizae, a form of symbiosis wherein fungal hyphae invade plant root cells and both species benefit from the resulting increased supply of nutrients. All known Glomeromycota species reproduce asexually. The symbiotic association between the Glomeromycota and plants is ancient, with evidence dating to 400 million years ago. Formerly part of the Zygomycota (commonly known as 'sugar' and 'pin' molds), the Glomeromycota were elevated to phylum status in 2001 and now replace the older phylum Zygomycota. Fungi that were placed in the Zygomycota are now being reassigned to the Glomeromycota, or the subphyla incertae sedis Mucoromycotina, Kickxellomycotina, the Zoopagomycotina and the Entomophthoromycotina. Some well-known examples of fungi formerly in the Zygomycota include black bread mold ("Rhizopus stolonifer"), and "Pilobolus" species, capable of ejecting spores several meters through the air. Medically relevant genera include "Mucor", "Rhizomucor", and "Rhizopus".
The Ascomycota, commonly known as sac fungi or ascomycetes, constitute the largest taxonomic group within the Eumycota. These fungi form meiotic spores called ascospores, which are enclosed in a special sac-like structure called an ascus. This phylum includes morels, a few mushrooms and truffles, unicellular yeasts (e.g., of the genera "Saccharomyces", "Kluyveromyces", "Pichia", and "Candida"), and many filamentous fungi living as saprotrophs, parasites, and mutualistic symbionts. Prominent and important genera of filamentous ascomycetes include "Aspergillus", "Penicillium", "Fusarium", and "Claviceps". Many ascomycete species have only been observed undergoing asexual reproduction (called anamorphic species), but analysis of molecular data has often been able to identify their closest teleomorphs in the Ascomycota. Because the products of meiosis are retained within the sac-like ascus, ascomycetes have been used for elucidating principles of genetics and heredity (e.g., "Neurospora crassa").
Members of the Basidiomycota, commonly known as the club fungi or basidiomycetes, produce meiospores called basidiospores on club-like stalks called basidia. Most common mushrooms belong to this group, as well as rust and smut fungi, which are major pathogens of grains. Other important basidiomycetes include the maize pathogen "Ustilago maydis", human commensal species of the genus "Malassezia", and the opportunistic human pathogen, "Cryptococcus neoformans".
Fungus-like organisms.
Because of similarities in morphology and lifestyle, the slime molds (myxomycetes) and water molds (oomycetes) were formerly classified in the kingdom Fungi. Unlike true fungi the cell walls of these organisms contain cellulose and lack chitin. Like fungi, myxomycetes are unikonts, but are grouped in the Amoebozoa. Oomycetes are diploid bikonts, grouped in the Chromalveolate kingdom. Neither water molds nor slime molds are closely related to the true fungi, and, therefore, taxonomists no longer group them in the kingdom Fungi. Nonetheless, studies of the oomycetes and myxomycetes are still often included in mycology textbooks and primary research literature.
The Rozellida clade, including the "chytrid" "Rozella", is a genetically disparate group known mostly from environmental DNA sequences that is a sister group to fungi. Members of the group that have been isolated lack the chitinous cell wall that is characteristic of fungi.
The nucleariids, currently grouped in the Choanozoa, may be the next sister group to the eumycete clade, and as such could be included in an expanded fungal kingdom.
Ecology.
Although often inconspicuous, fungi occur in every environment on Earth and play very important roles in most ecosystems. Along with bacteria, fungi are the major decomposers in most terrestrial (and some aquatic) ecosystems, and therefore play a critical role in biogeochemical cycles and in many food webs. As decomposers, they play an essential role in nutrient cycling, especially as saprotrophs and symbionts, degrading organic matter to inorganic molecules, which can then re-enter anabolic metabolic pathways in plants or other organisms.
Symbiosis.
Many fungi have important symbiotic relationships with organisms from most if not all Kingdoms. These interactions can be mutualistic or antagonistic in nature, or in the case of commensal fungi are of no apparent benefit or detriment to the host.
With plants.
Mycorrhizal symbiosis between plants and fungi is one of the most well-known plant–fungus associations and is of significant importance for plant growth and persistence in many ecosystems; over 90% of all plant species engage in mycorrhizal relationships with fungi and are dependent upon this relationship for survival.
The mycorrhizal symbiosis is ancient, dating to at least 400 million years ago. It often increases the plant's uptake of inorganic compounds, such as nitrate and phosphate from soils having low concentrations of these key plant nutrients. The fungal partners may also mediate plant-to-plant transfer of carbohydrates and other nutrients. Such mycorrhizal communities are called "common mycorrhizal networks". A special case of mycorrhiza is myco-heterotrophy, whereby the plant parasitizes the fungus, obtaining all of its nutrients from its fungal symbiont. Some fungal species inhabit the tissues inside roots, stems, and leaves, in which case they are called endophytes. Similar to mycorrhiza, endophytic colonization by fungi may benefit both symbionts; for example, endophytes of grasses impart to their host increased resistance to herbivores and other environmental stresses and receive food and shelter from the plant in return.
With algae and cyanobacteria.
Lichens are formed by a symbiotic relationship between algae or cyanobacteria (referred to in lichen terminology as "photobionts") and fungi (mostly various species of ascomycetes and a few basidiomycetes), in which individual photobiont cells are embedded in a tissue formed by the fungus. Lichens occur in every ecosystem on all continents, play a key role in soil formation and the initiation of biological succession, and are the dominating life forms in extreme environments, including polar, alpine, and semiarid desert regions. They are able to grow on inhospitable surfaces, including bare soil, rocks, tree bark, wood, shells, barnacles and leaves. As in mycorrhizas, the photobiont provides sugars and other carbohydrates via photosynthesis, while the fungus provides minerals and water. The functions of both symbiotic organisms are so closely intertwined that they function almost as a single organism; in most cases the resulting organism differs greatly from the individual components. Lichenization is a common mode of nutrition; around 20% of fungi—between 17,500 and 20,000 described species—are lichenized. Characteristics common to most lichens include obtaining organic carbon by photosynthesis, slow growth, small size, long life, long-lasting (seasonal) vegetative reproductive structures, mineral nutrition obtained largely from airborne sources, and greater tolerance of desiccation than most other photosynthetic organisms in the same habitat.
With insects.
Many insects also engage in mutualistic relationships with fungi. Several groups of ants cultivate fungi in the order Agaricales as their primary food source, while ambrosia beetles cultivate various species of fungi in the bark of trees that they infest. Likewise, females of several wood wasp species (genus "Sirex") inject their eggs together with spores of the wood-rotting fungus "Amylostereum areolatum" into the sapwood of pine trees; the growth of the fungus provides ideal nutritional conditions for the development of the wasp larvae. Termites on the African savannah are also known to cultivate fungi, and yeasts of the genera "Candida" and "Lachancea" inhabit the gut of a wide range of insects, including neuropterans, beetles, and cockroaches; it is not known whether these fungi benefit their hosts. The larvae of many families of fungicolous flies, particularly those within the superfamily Sciaroidea such as the Mycetophilidae and some Keroplatidae feed on fungal fruiting bodies and sterile mycorrhizae.
As pathogens and parasites.
Many fungi are parasites on plants, animals (including humans), and other fungi. Serious pathogens of many cultivated plants causing extensive damage and losses to agriculture and forestry include the rice blast fungus "Magnaporthe oryzae", tree pathogens such as "Ophiostoma ulmi" and "Ophiostoma novo-ulmi" causing Dutch elm disease, and "Cryphonectria parasitica" responsible for chestnut blight, and plant pathogens in the genera "Fusarium", "Ustilago", "Alternaria", and "Cochliobolus". Some carnivorous fungi, like "Paecilomyces lilacinus", are predators of nematodes, which they capture using an array of specialized structures such as constricting rings or adhesive nets.
Some fungi can cause serious diseases in humans, several of which may be fatal if untreated. These include aspergilloses, candidoses, coccidioidomycosis, cryptococcosis, histoplasmosis, mycetomas, and paracoccidioidomycosis. Furthermore, persons with immuno-deficiencies are particularly susceptible to disease by genera such as "Aspergillus", "Candida", "Cryptoccocus", "Histoplasma", and "Pneumocystis". Other fungi can attack eyes, nails, hair, and especially skin, the so-called dermatophytic and keratinophilic fungi, and cause local infections such as ringworm and athlete's foot. Fungal spores are also a cause of allergies, and fungi from different taxonomic groups can evoke allergic reactions.
Pathogenic mechanisms.
"Ustilago maydis" is a pathogenic plant fungus that causes smut disease in maize and teosinte. Plants have evolved efficient defense systems against pathogenic microbes. A rapid defense reaction after pathogen attack is the oxidative burst that includes the production of reactive oxygen species at the site of the attempted invasion. As a pathogen, "U. maydis" can respond to such an oxidative burst by an oxidative stress response, regulated by the gene "yap1". This response protects "U. maydis" from the host attack, and is necessary for the pathogen’s virulence. Furthermore, "U. maydis" has a well-established recombinational DNA repair system that acts during mitosis and meiosis. Recombinational repair during mitosis and meiosis may assist the pathogen in surviving DNA damage arising from the host plant’s oxidative defensive response to infection.
"Cryptococcus neoformans" is an encapsulated yeast that can live in both plants and animals. Infection with "C. neoformans" is termed cryptococcosis, and usually affects the lungs. In the lungs, "C. neoformans" are phagocytosed by alveolar macrophages. However some "C. neoformans" can survive intracellularly in macrophages. Intracellular survival appears to be the basis for latency, disseminated disease, and resistance to eradication by antifungal agents. One mechanism by which "C. neorformans" survives the hostile intracellular environment of the macrophage involves up-regulation of expression of genes involved in responses to oxidative stress. Another mechanism involves meiosis. The great majority of environmental and clinical isolates of "C. neoformans" are mating type a. Filaments of mating type an ordinarily have haploid nuclei, but these can undergo diploidization (perhaps by endoduplication or by stimulated nuclear fusion) to form diploid cells termed blastospores. The diploid nuclei of blastospores are able to undergo meiosis, including recombination, to form haploid basidiospores that can be dispersed. This process is referred to as monokaryotic fruiting. Required for this process is a gene, "dmc1", a conserved homologue of genes "recA" in bacteria and "rad51" in eukaryotes, that mediates homologous chromosome pairing during meiosis and repair of DNA double-strand breaks (see Meiosis). Thus, "C. neoformans" can undergo a meiotic process, monokaryotic fruiting, that promotes recombinational repair in the oxidative, DNA damaging environment of the host macrophage, and this repair capability may contribute to its virulence.
Human use.
The human use of fungi for food preparation or preservation and other purposes is extensive and has a long history. Mushroom farming and mushroom gathering are large industries in many countries. The study of the historical uses and sociological impact of fungi is known as ethnomycology. Because of the capacity of this group to produce an enormous range of natural products with antimicrobial or other biological activities, many species have long been used or are being developed for industrial production of antibiotics, vitamins, and anti-cancer and cholesterol-lowering drugs. More recently, methods have been developed for genetic engineering of fungi, enabling metabolic engineering of fungal species. For example, genetic modification of yeast species—which are easy to grow at fast rates in large fermentation vessels—has opened up ways of pharmaceutical production that are potentially more efficient than production by the original source organisms.
Drugs.
Many species produce metabolites that are major sources of pharmacologically active drugs. Particularly important are the antibiotics, including the penicillins, a structurally related group of β-lactam antibiotics that are synthesized from small peptides. Although naturally occurring penicillins such as penicillin G (produced by "Penicillium chrysogenum") have a relatively narrow spectrum of biological activity, a wide range of other penicillins can be produced by chemical modification of the natural penicillins. Modern penicillins are semisynthetic compounds, obtained initially from fermentation cultures, but then structurally altered for specific desirable properties. Other antibiotics produced by fungi include: ciclosporin, commonly used as an immunosuppressant during transplant surgery; and fusidic acid, used to help control infection from methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" bacteria. Widespread use of these antibiotics for the treatment of bacterial diseases, such as tuberculosis, syphilis, leprosy, and many others began in the early 20th century and continues to play a major part in anti-bacterial chemotherapy. In nature, antibiotics of fungal or bacterial origin appear to play a dual role: at high concentrations they act as chemical defense against competition with other microorganisms in species-rich environments, such as the rhizosphere, and at low concentrations as quorum-sensing molecules for intra- or interspecies signaling.
Other drugs produced by fungi include griseofulvin isolated from "Penicillium griseofulvum", used to treat fungal infections, and statins (HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors), used to inhibit cholesterol synthesis. Examples of statins found in fungi include mevastatin from "Penicillium citrinum" and lovastatin from "Aspergillus terreus" and the oyster mushroom.
Cultured foods.
Baker's yeast or "Saccharomyces cerevisiae", a unicellular fungus, is used to make bread and other wheat-based products, such as pizza dough and dumplings. Yeast species of the genus "Saccharomyces" are also used to produce alcoholic beverages through fermentation. Shoyu koji mold ("Aspergillus oryzae") is an essential ingredient in brewing Shoyu (soy sauce) and sake, and the preparation of miso, while "Rhizopus" species are used for making tempeh. Several of these fungi are domesticated species that were bred or selected according to their capacity to ferment food without producing harmful mycotoxins (see below), which are produced by very closely related "Aspergilli". Quorn, a meat substitute, is made from "Fusarium venenatum".
Medicinal use.
Certain mushrooms enjoy usage as therapeutics in folk medicines, such as Traditional Chinese medicine. Notable medicinal mushrooms with a well-documented history of use include "Agaricus subrufescens", "Ganoderma lucidum", and "Ophiocordyceps sinensis". Research has identified compounds produced by these and other fungi that have inhibitory biological effects against viruses and cancer cells. Specific metabolites, such as polysaccharide-K, ergotamine, and β-lactam antibiotics, are routinely used in clinical medicine. The shiitake mushroom is a source of lentinan, a clinical drug approved for use in cancer treatments in several countries, including Japan. In Europe and Japan, polysaccharide-K (brand name Krestin), a chemical derived from "Trametes versicolor", is an approved adjuvant for cancer therapy.
Edible and poisonous species.
Edible mushrooms are well-known examples of fungi. Many are commercially raised, but others must be harvested from the wild. "Agaricus bisporus", sold as button mushrooms when small or Portobello mushrooms when larger, is a commonly eaten species, used in salads, soups, and many other dishes. Many Asian fungi are commercially grown and have increased in popularity in the West. They are often available fresh in grocery stores and markets, including straw mushrooms ("Volvariella volvacea"), oyster mushrooms ("Pleurotus ostreatus"), shiitakes ("Lentinula edodes"), and enokitake ("Flammulina" spp.).
There are many more mushroom species that are harvested from the wild for personal consumption or commercial sale. Milk mushrooms, morels, chanterelles, truffles, black trumpets, and "porcini" mushrooms ("Boletus edulis") (also known as king boletes) demand a high price on the market. They are often used in gourmet dishes.
Certain types of cheeses require inoculation of milk curds with fungal species that impart a unique flavor and texture to the cheese. Examples include the blue color in cheeses such as Stilton or Roquefort, which are made by inoculation with "Penicillium roqueforti". Molds used in cheese production are non-toxic and are thus safe for human consumption; however, mycotoxins (e.g., aflatoxins, roquefortine C, patulin, or others) may accumulate because of growth of other fungi during cheese ripening or storage.
Many mushroom species are poisonous to humans, with toxicities ranging from slight digestive problems or allergic reactions as well as hallucinations to severe organ failures and death. Genera with mushrooms containing deadly toxins include "Conocybe", "Galerina", "Lepiota", and, the most infamous, "Amanita". The latter genus includes the destroying angel "(A. virosa)" and the death cap "(A. phalloides)", the most common cause of deadly mushroom poisoning. The false morel ("Gyromitra esculenta") is occasionally considered a delicacy when cooked, yet can be highly toxic when eaten raw. "Tricholoma equestre" was considered edible until being implicated in serious poisonings causing rhabdomyolysis. Fly agaric mushrooms ("Amanita muscaria") also cause occasional non-fatal poisonings, mostly as a result of ingestion for use as a recreational drug for its hallucinogenic properties. Historically, fly agaric was used by different peoples in Europe and Asia and its present usage for religious or shamanic purposes is reported from some ethnic groups such as the Koryak people of north-eastern Siberia.
As it is difficult to accurately identify a safe mushroom without proper training and knowledge, it is often advised to assume that a wild mushroom is poisonous and not to consume it.
Pest control.
In agriculture, fungi may be useful if they actively compete for nutrients and space with pathogenic microorganisms such as bacteria or other fungi via the competitive exclusion principle, or if they are parasites of these pathogens. For example, certain species may be used to eliminate or suppress the growth of harmful plant pathogens, such as insects, mites, weeds, nematodes, and other fungi that cause diseases of important crop plants. This has generated strong interest in practical applications that use these fungi in the biological control of these agricultural pests. Entomopathogenic fungi can be used as biopesticides, as they actively kill insects. Examples that have been used as biological insecticides are "Beauveria bassiana", "Metarhizium" spp, "Hirsutella" spp, "Paecilomyces" ("Isaria") spp, and "Lecanicillium lecanii". Endophytic fungi of grasses of the genus "Neotyphodium", such as "N. coenophialum", produce alkaloids that are toxic to a range of invertebrate and vertebrate herbivores. These alkaloids protect grass plants from herbivory, but several endophyte alkaloids can poison grazing animals, such as cattle and sheep. Infecting cultivars of pasture or forage grasses with "Neotyphodium" endophytes is one approach being used in grass breeding programs; the fungal strains are selected for producing only alkaloids that increase resistance to herbivores such as insects, while being non-toxic to livestock.
Bioremediation.
Certain fungi, in particular "white rot" fungi, can degrade insecticides, herbicides, pentachlorophenol, creosote, coal tars, and heavy fuels and turn them into carbon dioxide, water, and basic elements. Fungi have been shown to biomineralize uranium oxides, suggesting they may have application in the bioremediation of radioactively polluted sites.
Model organisms.
Several pivotal discoveries in biology were made by researchers using fungi as model organisms, that is, fungi that grow and sexually reproduce rapidly in the laboratory. For example, the one gene-one enzyme hypothesis was formulated by scientists using the bread mold "Neurospora crassa" to test their biochemical theories. Other important model fungi are "Aspergillus nidulans" and the yeasts "Saccaromyces cerevisiae" and "Schizosaccharomyces pombe", each of which with a long history of use to investigate issues in eukaryotic cell biology and genetics, such as cell cycle regulation, chromatin structure, and gene regulation. Other fungal models have more recently emerged that each address specific biological questions relevant to medicine, plant pathology, and industrial uses; examples include "Candida albicans", a dimorphic, opportunistic human pathogen, "Magnaporthe grisea", a plant pathogen, and "Pichia pastoris", a yeast widely used for eukaryotic protein expression.
Others.
Fungi are used extensively to produce industrial chemicals like citric, gluconic, lactic, and malic acids, and industrial enzymes, such as lipases used in biological detergents, cellulases used in making cellulosic ethanol and stonewashed jeans, and amylases, invertases, proteases and xylanases. Several species, most notably "Psilocybin mushrooms" (colloquially known as "magic mushrooms"), are ingested for their psychedelic properties, both recreationally and religiously.
Mycotoxins.
Many fungi produce biologically active compounds, several of which are toxic to animals or plants and are therefore called mycotoxins. Of particular relevance to humans are mycotoxins produced by molds causing food spoilage, and poisonous mushrooms (see above). Particularly infamous are the lethal amatoxins in some "Amanita" mushrooms, and ergot alkaloids, which have a long history of causing serious epidemics of ergotism (St Anthony's Fire) in people consuming rye or related cereals contaminated with sclerotia of the ergot fungus, "Claviceps purpurea". Other notable mycotoxins include the aflatoxins, which are insidious liver toxins and highly carcinogenic metabolites produced by certain "Aspergillus" species often growing in or on grains and nuts consumed by humans, ochratoxins, patulin, and trichothecenes (e.g., T-2 mycotoxin) and fumonisins, which have significant impact on human food supplies or animal livestock.
Mycotoxins are secondary metabolites (or natural products), and research has established the existence of biochemical pathways solely for the purpose of producing mycotoxins and other natural products in fungi. Mycotoxins may provide fitness benefits in terms of physiological adaptation, competition with other microbes and fungi, and protection from consumption (fungivory).
Mycology.
Mycology is the branch of biology concerned with the systematic study of fungi, including their genetic and biochemical properties, their taxonomy, and their use to humans as a source of medicine, food, and psychotropic substances consumed for religious purposes, as well as their dangers, such as poisoning or infection. The field of phytopathology, the study of plant diseases, is closely related because many plant pathogens are fungi.
The use of fungi by humans dates back to prehistory; Ötzi the Iceman, a well-preserved mummy of a 5,300-year-old Neolithic man found frozen in the Austrian Alps, carried two species of polypore mushrooms that may have been used as tinder ("Fomes fomentarius"), or for medicinal purposes ("Piptoporus betulinus"). Ancient peoples have used fungi as food sources–often unknowingly–for millennia, in the preparation of leavened bread and fermented juices. Some of the oldest written records contain references to the destruction of crops that were probably caused by pathogenic fungi.
History.
Mycology is a relatively new science that became systematic after the development of the microscope in the 16th century. Although fungal spores were first observed by Giambattista della Porta in 1588, the seminal work in the development of mycology is considered to be the publication of Pier Antonio Micheli's 1729 work "Nova plantarum genera". Micheli not only observed spores but also showed that, under the proper conditions, they could be induced into growing into the same species of fungi from which they originated. Extending the use of the binomial system of nomenclature introduced by Carl Linnaeus in his "Species plantarum" (1753), the Dutch Christian Hendrik Persoon (1761–1836) established the first classification of mushrooms with such skill so as to be considered a founder of modern mycology. Later, Elias Magnus Fries (1794–1878) further elaborated the classification of fungi, using spore color and various microscopic characteristics, methods still used by taxonomists today. Other notable early contributors to mycology in the 17th–19th and early 20th centuries include Miles Joseph Berkeley, August Carl Joseph Corda, Anton de Bary, the brothers Louis René and Charles Tulasne, Arthur H. R. Buller, Curtis G. Lloyd, and Pier Andrea Saccardo. The 20th century has seen a modernization of mycology that has come from advances in biochemistry, genetics, molecular biology, and biotechnology. The use of DNA sequencing technologies and phylogenetic analysis has provided new insights into fungal relationships and biodiversity, and has challenged traditional morphology-based groupings in fungal taxonomy.

</doc>
<doc id="19178968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178968" title="Michael Mosley">
Michael Mosley

Michael Mosley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19178989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19178989" title="Ruby Daniel">
Ruby Daniel

Ruby "Rivka" Daniel (; December 1912 - September 23, 2002) was a Malayali of Cochin Jewish heritage was the first Malayali woman in the Indian Navy and the first Cochin Jewish woman to publish a book. Between the years of 1982–1999 Ruby Daniel translated into English over 120 Judeo-Malayalam women’s songs. Her translation efforts led the way for an ongoing international project to translate and analyze the songs within the Cochin Jewish community. 
Early life.
Ruby Daniel was born in Kochi, India and was the eldest child of Eliyahu Hai Daniel and Leah Japheth Daniel. Her father, Eliyahu Hai Daniel, sold tickets for the ferry boat which connected Cochin with Ernakulam. Ruby had two younger siblings - Bingley and Rahel. Ruby also lived with her maternal grandparents, Eliyahu and Rivka (“Docho”) Japheth. 
Ruby Daniel excelled in school, both at the local government school for girls and at the Jewish school where she studied Hebrew, Torah, and the synagogue liturgy every morning and afternoon. She attended St. Theresa’s Convent School in Ernakulam. She completed high school there and studied one year at St. Theresa’s College. She left St. Theresa’s College after her father and grandfather died in the same year. 
Military career.
Ruby Daniel enlisted in the military and served in the Armed Forces of India. She is noted for not only being one of the few women in the Indian army at the time but also as the first Jewish Indian woman to do so in modern Indian history. She was employed for over fifteen years in government service, as a clerk in the High Court, District Court Munsiff Court, and from 1944–1946 in the Women’s Royal Indian Navy. 
Writing career.
She made make aliyah, in 1951. Her 1995 memoir, Ruby of Cochin lists a fourth method for marriage among the Jews of Cochin: that of witness by the entire congregation to a marriage. The memoir includes her experience in the Armed Forces of India as a Jewish woman among Hindu and Muslim men. In order to preserve Cochin Jewish culture, Ruby Daniel published a booklet of nine songs - transliterated in Hebrew. She worked prodigiously through the 1990s to translated some 130 songs into English. 

</doc>
<doc id="19179008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179008" title="Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica">
Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica

Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica, or the Dino de Laurentiis Entertainment Group, is an Italian film-production company. 
Origin and operations.
It was founded in 1946 by Dino de Laurentiis and has since produced nearly 100 films.

</doc>
<doc id="19179023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179023" title="Protozoa">
Protozoa

Protozoa are a diverse group of unicellular eukaryotic organisms, many of which are motile. Historically, protozoa were defined as unicellular protists with animal-like behavior, such as movement or i.e., motility. Protozoa were regarded as the partner group of protists to protophyta, which have plant-like behavior, e.g. photosynthesis. The term protozoan has become highly problematic due to the introduction of modern ultrastructural, biochemical, and genetic techniques. Today, protozoan are usually single-celled and heterotrophic eukaryotes containing non filamentous structures that belong to any of the major lineages of protists. They are restricted to moist or aquatic habitats (i.e., they are obligate aquatic organisms). Many protozoan species are symbionts, some are parasites, and some are predators of faeces bacteria and algae. There are an estimated 30,000 protozoan species. 
Terminology.
Following the Greek root of the name, the singular form is "protozoon" (protos=first, zoon=animal). Its use has, however, partially been replaced by the word "protozoan", which was originally only used as an adjective. In the same manner the plural form "protozoans" is sometimes being used instead of "protozoa".
In general, protozoa are referred to as animal-like protists because of movement (motility). However, both protozoa and protists are paraphyletic groups (not including all genetic relatives of the group). For example, "Entamoeba" is more closely related to humans than to "Euglena". "Protozoa" is considered an outdated classification in more formal contexts. However, the term is still used in children's education.
While there is no exact definition for the term "protozoa", it is often referred to as a unicellular heterotrophic protist, such as the amoeba and ciliates. The term "algae" is used for microorganisms that photosynthesize. However, distinction between protozoa and algae is often vague. For example, the alga "Dinobryon" has chloroplasts for photosynthesis, but it can also feed on organic matter and is motile.
Protozoa is sometimes considered a subkingdom. It was traditionally considered a phylum under Animalia referring to unicellular animals, with Metazoa referring to multicellular animals.
Characteristics.
Protozoa commonly range in length between 10 to 52 micrometres, but can grow as large as 1 mm. They are easily seen with a microscope. The largest protozoa are known as deep-sea dwelling xenophyophores, which can grow up to 20 cm in diameter. They were formerly considered to be part of the protista family. Protozoa exist throughout aqueous environments and soil, occupying a range of trophic levels. They are eukaryotic unicellular and aquatic organisms that can be flagellates (motile with flagella), ciliates (motile with cilia), and amoebas (motile by means of pseudopodia). Flagellates are the most numerous soil protozoa.
Motility and digestion.
Tulodens are 2 of the slow-moving form of protozoa. They move around with whip-like tails called flagella (5-10µm long), hair-like structures called cilia (20-30 µm long), or foot-like structures called pseudopodia (2µm thick by 20 µm). Others do not move at all. Protozoa may absorb food via their cell membranes, some, e.g., amoebas, surround food and engulf it, and yet others have openings or "mouth pores" into which they sweep food,and that engulfing of food is said to be phagocytosis. All protozoa digest their food in stomach-like compartments called vacuoles.
Pellicle.
The pellicle is a thin layer supporting the cell membrane in various protozoa, protecting them and allowing them to retain their shape, especially during locomotion, allowing the organism to be more hydrodynamic. They vary from flexible and elastic to rigid. Although somewhat stiff, the pellicle is also flexible and allows the protist to fit into tighter spaces. In ciliates and Apicomplexa, it is formed from closely packed vesicles called alveoli. In euglenids, it is formed from protein strips arranged spirally along the length of the body. Examples of protists with a pellicle are the euglenoids and the paramecium, a ciliate. In some protozoa, the pellicle consists of many bacteria that adhere to the surface by their fimbriae or "attachment pili". Thus, attachment pili allow the organisms to remain in the broth, from which they take nutrients, while they congregate near air, where the oxygen concentration is greatest.
Ecological role.
As components of the micro- and meiofauna, protozoa are an important food source for microinvertebrates. Thus, the ecological role of protozoa in the transfer of bacterial and algal production to successive trophic levels is important. As predators, they prey upon unicellular or filamentous algae, bacteria, and microfungi. Protozoa are both herbivores and consumers in the decomposer link of the food chain. They also control bacteria populations and biomass to some extent. On average, Protozoa eat ~ 100 to 1,000 bacteria per hour. Protozoa such as the malaria parasites ("Plasmodium" spp.), trypanosomes and leishmania, are also important disease causing agents in humans. Protozoa can stimulate OM decomposition, digest cellulose in rumen of 
cows and termite guts, and play a role in nutrient mobilization.
Life cycle.
Some protozoa have life stages alternating between proliferative stages (e.g., trophozoites) and dormant cysts. As cysts, protozoa can survive harsh conditions, such as exposure to extreme temperatures or harmful chemicals, or long periods without access to nutrients, water, or oxygen for a period of time. Being a cyst enables parasitic species to survive outside of a host, and allows their transmission from one host to another. When protozoa are in the form of trophozoites (Greek, "tropho" = to nourish), they actively feed. The conversion of a trophozoite to cyst form is known as encystation, while the process of transforming back into a trophozoite is known as excystation. Protozoa can reproduce by binary fission or multiple fission. Some protozoa reproduce sexually, some asexually, while some use a combination, (e.g., Coccidia). An individual protozoan is hermaphroditic.
Classification.
Protozoa were previously often grouped in the kingdom of Protista, together with the plant-like algae and fungus-like slime molds. As a result of 21st-century systematics, protozoa, along with ciliates, mastigophorans, and apicomplexans, are arranged as animal-like protists. Protozoa are unicellular organisms and are often called the animal-like protists because they subsist entirely on other organisms for food. Most protozoa can move about on their own. Amoebas, paramecia, and trypanosomes are all examples of animal-like protists.
Sub-groups.
The classification of protozoa has been and remains a problematic area of taxonomy. Where they are available, DNA sequences are used as the basis for classification but for the majority of described protozoa such material is not available. They have been and still are mostly on the basis of their morphology and for the parasitic species their hosts. Protozoa have been divided traditionally on the basis of their means of locomotion. 
As a phylum the Protozoa had been divided into four subphyla reflecting the means of locomotion:
These systems are no longer considered to be valid. For an example of a system of classification of protozoa, see Kudo system.
Human disease.
Some protozoa are human parasites, causing diseases.
Examples of human diseases caused by protozoa:

</doc>
<doc id="19179027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179027" title="The Glass Box">
The Glass Box

The Glass Box (Chinese: 玻璃箱) is a short fictional narrative drama produced in the Asian metropolis of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. The film was directed and produced by Canadian independent filmmaker Matt Finlin. "The Glass Box" is Finlin's second film. Produced by Finlin under the moniker of 'Finkle Films' with the support of Taiwanese production house Fe Hou Communications Limited, "The Glass Box" was shot over a six-month period in 2007–2008. The trailer, production photos, news, and information about the film can be seen at the official website, which launched in March 2008.
Plot.
"The Glass Box" is based on the lives of two young women in Taiwan. Claudia is a 23-year-old North American who has reluctantly come to Asia with her boyfriend to teach English at a cram school. Yin-May, also twenty-three, was born and raised in Taiwan by her father in a fishing community on the island of Chijin. It compares and contrasts the two people from different cultures in an unusual set of circumstances.
The story takes place in the booming metropolis of Kaohsiung, Taiwan's second largest city. Relatively unknown to the western world, Kaohsiung holds one of the world's largest container ports and has seen extraordinary development over the past ten years. Kaohsiung is truly a remarkable city, where old meets new. It is entrenched with various textures and gems distinct to the Asian world.
Locations.
The location of the Bin Lan stand used in the filming of the movie is in Pingtung City, Taiwan. Many of the famous landmarks of Kaohsiung appear in the film. The 85-story Tuntex building dominates the Kaohsiung skyline. The famous Chijin Island lighthouse, the 50-story Chang-Gu World Trade Center, and the Grand Hi-Lai Tower can be seen as well. The infamous Love River also appears in the movie.
Casting.
Kelly Creighton was always cast in the role of Claudia from the beginning. Matt Finlin specifically wrote this script with her in mind as one of the main characters of the story. The role of Yin-May was played by Lin Ke Hsin, a local University student, who worked perfectly with Creighton as the co-star. The original cast actress for Yin-May was forced to step away from the role by her father, not because of the content, but because he didn’t want her staying out at night. So Lin Ke Hsin was asked to step into the role, and production carried on. Sean Lin, another Kaohsiung local, was an obvious choice to play one of the local characters, and can be seen stealing the scene as a blue truck passenger who is talking with the two stars.
Production design.
Matt Finlin credits several directors with inspiration, such as Sofia Coppola, Jean-Luc Godard, and Wes Anderson. Much of the set design was designed and created by him, and most of the artistic elements of the film are credited to Finlin as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19179035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179035" title="RV Bernicia">
RV Bernicia

The RV "Bernicia" is a research vessel owned and operated by diving organisation Bernicia Netherlands. It had previously been operated by Newcastle University's Department of Marine Science and Technology, where it was used for research and teaching in the North Sea and in river estuaries, largely in the area of marine biology. It is a small trawler-type vessel just over 16 metres in length, it has a hydraulically operated windlass and winches, and a crane on the aft deck.
The RV "Bernicia" is named after the ancient Anglo Saxon Kingdom of the same name, and was designed by Naval Architects from Newcastle University. When used by the university it was berthed at and operated from Blyth. The "Bernicia" was replaced by a newer research vessel that was also partly designed by students at the university. This new vessel is RV "The Princess Royal". RV "Bernicia" was sold to diving organisation Bernicia Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19179090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179090" title="Pitru">
Pitru

Pitru was an ancient town off the Sajur (aka "Sagura" and "Sagurru") (+36° 39' 16.62", +38° 4' 7.96"), a western tributary of the Euphrates, approximately 12.5 miles south of ancient Carchemish. It is thought to be the Pethor mentioned in Numbers 22 as the home of Balaam, the non-Israelite prophet called upon by Balak to curse the Israelites of the Exodus (circa 1406 BCE, perhaps).
Pitru was established by Assyrian ruler Tiglath-Pileser I in c. 1100 BCE, but it was later seized by the Arameans. It is later mentioned as one of the Hatti cities or villages conquered by either Ashurnasirpal II (reigned 883 – 859 BCE) or his son Shalmaneser III, Assyrian rulers. It was later given an Assyrian name in Shalmaneser's sixth year, becoming a base of operations for further military campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="19179108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179108" title="Thomas Powel">
Thomas Powel

Thomas Powel (1845 – 16 May 1922) was a Welsh Celtic scholar, who was Professor of Celtic at University College, Cardiff from 1884 to 1918.
Powel was born in Llanwrtyd in 1845 and educated there and in Llandovery before matriculating at Jesus College, Oxford in 1869. He obtained a BA degree in Literae Humaniores in 1872. He taught at the Independent College in Taunton from 1878 to 1880, when he was appointed headmaster of Bootle College, holding that position until 1883. He then became an assistant lecturer in classics at the new University College, Cardiff, then lecturer in Celtic. In the following year, 1884, he was appointed Professor of Celtic, continuing in this position until he retired in 1918. He edited (1879–1886) and contributed articles on linguistics and literature to the Welsh language journal '; he also edited medieval texts, including Thomas Stephens's version of '. He helped Cardiff to obtain important manuscripts and books for the university and city libraries and was a member of the governing body of the National Library of Wales from its foundation. He said that he chose to give his time to his students rather than to his own research. The University of Wales awarded him an honorary D.Litt. degree in 1921. He died in Aberystwyth on 16 May 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19179154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179154" title="Carolyn Hougan">
Carolyn Hougan

Born in 1943 to Samuel and Elisabeth Johnson, Carolyn graduated from Scotch Plains High School of New Jersey. She was a Peabody scholar at the now-non-existent Western College for Women. She graduated with honors from the University of Wisconsin. In Madison, Wisconsin, Carolyn met Jim Hougan in the philosophy course “Freedom, Fate, and Choice.” She became Carolyn Hougan in 1966.
The Hougans lived in Alexandria and Washington from 1980 until August 2006.
Works.
She herself authored four thrillers: "Shooting in the Dark" (1984), "Blood Relative," "The Romeo Flag," and "The Last Goodbye." Carolyn Hougan died from cancer February 25, 2007, in Virginia at age 63. She was survived by her husband, Jim, a daughter, son, and two grandchildren.
The series of books written under the pseudonym John Case were written jointly by Carolyn and Jim Houghan, and have not continued without Carolyn. The titles of the John Case works are: "The Genesis Code," "The First Horseman," "The Syndrome" ("Trance State"), "The Eighth Day," "The Murder Artist," and "Ghost Dancer."

</doc>
<doc id="19179162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179162" title="Kansas 400">
Kansas 400

The Kansas 400 is a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race held at Kansas Speedway in Kansas City, Kansas. Kansas received a second date beginning in 2011 as part of NASCAR's latest round of schedule realignment; since 2001 the track had always held a race in late September/early October that became part of the Chase for the Sprint Cup starting in 2004.
History.
The inaugural STP 400 was held on June 5, 2011. Like the fall race at Kansas, the distance of the race was 400.5 miles (644.542 km). Brad Keselowski won the inaugural running of the race ahead of Dale Earnhardt, Jr. after saving fuel. Unlike 2011, the 2012 race was moved to April 22, 2012 to allow more time for the Kansas Speedway to complete the track's reconfiguration. During the 2012 STP 400, A. J. Allmendinger won the pole position with a time of 30.683 seconds, but Denny Hamlin won the race after passing Martin Truex, Jr.. For 2013, the race remained as the eighth race of the season in April, and was held on April 21, 2013.
In 2014, the race will swap dates with the Bojangles' Southern 500, and will be held in May under the lights for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19179192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179192" title="Iciss Tillis">
Iciss Tillis

Iciss Tillis (born December 6, 1981) is an American professional women's basketball player. She was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
High school.
Tillis played for Cascia Prep School in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where she was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2000 WBCA High School All-America Game where she scored five points.
Tillis is the daughter of former Heavyweight boxer James Tillis. James Tillis fought for the Heavyweight championship once and was the first professional boxer to fight Mike Tyson to a decision.
College and professional.
Tillis has played in the WNBA with the Detroit Shock, New York Liberty, and Los Angeles Sparks, appearing in 66 games. She played collegiately for Duke University, where she was named an All-America in 2003 and on the All-ACC first team from 2002 to 2004. Tillis has also played professionally in Europe. A scandal erupted in France, where Tarbes Gespe Bigorre attempted to sign Tillis to replace injured star Isabelle Yacoubou despite being over the eligible limit of non-European players imposed by the Ligue Féminine de Basketball. Tarbes was forced to sell Tillis to TTT Riga in Riga, Latvia, where she made the Euroleague's all-star team in 2008.
USA Basketball.
Tillis was named to the team representing the USA at the 2003 Pan American Games. The team lost the opening game to Cuba, then rebounded to win their next five games, including an overtime win against Brazil. They then faced Cuba for the gold medal, falling short 75–64 to take home the silver medal. Tillis averaged 5.0 points per game.

</doc>
<doc id="19179203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179203" title="United States Department of Commerce and Labor">
United States Department of Commerce and Labor

The United States Department of Commerce and Labor was a short-lived Cabinet department of the United States government, which was concerned with controlling the excesses of big business.
It was created on February 14, 1903, during the administration of Theodore Roosevelt. Investigations were the province of its Bureau of Corporations. The department was renamed the Department of Commerce on March 4, 1913, and its bureaus and agencies specializing in labor were transferred to the new Department of Labor. The Bureau of Corporations was spun off as an independent agency in 1915, the Federal Trade Commission
The United States Secretary of Commerce and Labor was the head of the department. The secretary was a member of the President's Cabinet. Corresponding with the division of the department in 1913, the Secretary's position was divided into separate positions of Commerce and Labor.
In 2011, in response to federal budget-cutting efforts, Senator Richard Burr (R-NC), sponsored Senate Bill 1116, a proposal to re-combine two departments as the "Department of Commerce and the Workforce". To date no action on this proposal has been taken beyond referral to committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19179205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179205" title="Biscuit Company Lofts">
Biscuit Company Lofts

The Biscuit Company Lofts is a 7-story building in Los Angeles, California. Built in 1925 as a factory, the building was converted to live/work lofts in 2006.
History.
Conceived as the west coast headquarters for the National Biscuit Company, this landmark structure was designed by E.J. Eckel. Constructed in 1925 for a cost of 2 million dollars, this 7 story factory quickly became an architectural sensation.
In 2006, the building underwent a $25,000,000 renovation by Aleks Istanbullu Architects to convert the building to lofts.

</doc>
<doc id="19179207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179207" title="USS Flagler (AK-181)">
USS Flagler (AK-181)

USS "Flagler" (AK-181) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. She served the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations for a short period of time before being decommissioned at Okinawa and returned to the U.S. Maritime Administration for dispositioning.
Built in Richmond, California.
"Flagler" (AK-181) was launched 24 March 1945 by Kaiser Cargo Co., Inc., Richmond, California; sponsored by Mrs. T. B. Smith; and commissioned 18 May 1945, Lieutenant P. S. Smith, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
"Flagler" sailed from San Francisco, California, 5 July 1945 with cargo for Ulithi and Leyte Gulf, where she discharged the last of her load 6 August. Here she loaded supplies and men for Okinawa, from which she sailed 29 August for Guam and Saipan. 
Grounded during a typhoon.
Okinawa-bound again 12 September, "Flagler" sailed through a raging typhoon, which caused some damage to the ship, but arrived safely 18 September. Twice while at Okinawa she put to sea to avoid typhoons, evading the first. During the second, on 9 October, she was grounded. Success in a difficult salvage operation refloated her 26 October. 
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Flagler" was decommissioned at Okinawa 24 December 1945, and returned to her owners.

</doc>
<doc id="19179215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179215" title="Gary Mooney">
Gary Mooney

Gary Mooney (1930 – August 5, 2008) was an American animator who worked for Walt Disney Studios, Hubley Studios and fellow animator Jay Ward during his career, which spanned several decades from the 1950s to the 2000s (decade). Some of the most famous projects in which Mooney participated in included Disney's "Sleeping Beauty", "Lady and the Tramp" and Ward's "George of the Jungle". He also worked on several live action films. Mooney also completed many animated sequences, title sequences and graphics for use in live action films, television shows and commercials.
Some of Mooney's earliest work included uncredited assistant animator positions on the Walt Disney animated classic films "Lady and the Tramp" in 1955 and "Sleeping Beauty" in 1959. Mooney later worked for Hubley Studios and Jay Ward and continued to work in the United States.
In 1960, Mooney teamed with fellow animator Lu Guarnier to animate "Switchin' Kitten", the first "Tom and Jerry" cartoon to be directed by Gene Deitch. Mooney became an animator for Storyboard Studios, which were owned by John Hubley and Faith Hubley, upon his arrival in New York City. He worked on a number of cartoons for the Hubleys while at Storyboard Studios. He was the animation director on the film, "Of Stars and Men" in 1964. Mooney also worked as an animator on the Hubley produced "Children Of The Sun" in 1961, "The Hole" in 1962, and "The Hat" in 1963. He also animated 1966's "The Cruise", which was created for the National Film Board of Canada and directed by John and Faith Hubley.
Mooney also worked on the 1967 "George of the Jungle" original television series, as well as Underdog. Some of Mooney's other work from the era included the 1975 syndicated television special, "The Happy Prince" and The MAD Magazine TV Special, which was created in 1974 but never released. Mooney also animated on the 1977 Sanrio film, "The Mouse and His Child" and Jack Zander's 1980 animated film "Gnomes", which received an Emmy nomination in 1981 for "Outstanding Animated Program". He also provided much of the animation for "Taarna" and "Captain Sternn" segments for Heavy Metal, a 1981 Canadian animated film.
Outside of animated work, Mooney was hired to provide animation on live action films, including the animated title sequence for "City Slickers", as well as "Honeymoon in Vegas", "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid", Steven Spielberg's "Jurassic Park" in 1993, "Four Rooms" and 1996's "A Very Brady Sequel". Mooney's live action television portfolio included the 1984 television special "George Carlin on Campus" and "", which aired in 1994.
Mooney's most recent projects included the "O Canada" animated series and Disney's Kronk's New Groove, as well as animation for the 2007 live action film, "Are We Done Yet?" starring Ice Cube and Nia Long.
Gary Mooney died on August 5, 2008, of cancer at the age of 78. He was survived by his wife, Samantha Mooney, and his son, Jake.
Producer Bob Kurtz, who worked with Mooney to create animation for many of his television commercials and movie titles and produced "George Carlin on Campus", called Mooney "the best draftsman I ever worked with."

</doc>
<doc id="19179231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179231" title="Sharon, Portage County, Wisconsin">
Sharon, Portage County, Wisconsin

Sharon is a town in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,936 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Ellis, Little Waupon, North Star, and Polonia are located within the town.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 64.9 square miles (168.0 km²), of which, 64.3 square miles (166.5 km²) of it is land and 0.6 square miles (1.5 km²) of it (0.89%) is water.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,936 people, 705 households, and 544 families residing in the town. The population density was 30.1 people per square mile (11.6/km²). There were 754 housing units at an average density of 11.7 per square mile (4.5/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 99.12% White, 0.10% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.15% from other races, and 0.36% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.62% of the population.
There were 705 households out of which 34.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.8% were married couples living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.8% were non-families. 17.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.14.
In the town the population was spread out with 24.5% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 26.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 102.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.8 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $53,750, and the median income for a family was $58,478. Males had a median income of $38,011 versus $22,875 for females. The per capita income for the town was $20,760. About 2.7% of families and 5.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.6% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="19179239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179239" title="Keystone Pronto">
Keystone Pronto

__NOTOC__
The Keystone K-55 Pronto was a mail plane developed in the United States in the late 1920s. It was a conventional single-bay, unequal-span biplane design with slightly staggered wings. The pilot sat in an open cockpit, in tandem with a second cockpit that could carry two passengers side-by-side. The fixed, tailskid undercarriage had divided main units. 
A number of these aircraft were purchased by the government of Peru. Operated by the aviation arm of the Peruvian Navy, these aircraft initiated the first airmail service into the Peruvian Amazon. The first flight of this service was made by two Prontos, piloted by Leonardo Alvariño Herr and Harold B. Grow from Lima to San Ramón on 26 October 1927.
At least one Peruvian Pronto was fitted with pontoons and used to survey the Amazon River for locations suitable for seaplane operations.
In the Colombia-Peru War one Peruvian K-55 flow by Lieutenant Suero was captured by the Colombian Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19179244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179244" title="Kakurenbo Battle Monster Tactics">
Kakurenbo Battle Monster Tactics

, sometimes simply called , is a video game software developed by Spiral and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Game Boy Color on November 21, 2000 in Japan. During its first announcement, it was originally titled as .
Brief information.
Players take control of a young trainee monster hunter named who has been cast to the Iraldi Kingdom to defeat all of the monsters that are running amok there. Later, he got two partners joining in with his journey: and .
Due to the world of Iraldi being shrouded in darkness, players must use a flashlight to guide themselves into it, similar to fog of war. Monsters are hidden in the darkness and must be found before battles begin; however, players have a skill level that lets them determine whether it is a good idea to fight a monster or not. The MonTac Skill scanner can allow players to find out a monster's skill, and then prepare themselves to battle it with skill rings. When a monster is defeated, the MonTac Skill scanner will scan the defeated monster's MonTac Skill, allowing the player to use it in other battles. Usually the player also needs to flee from the monster before it gets him or her.

</doc>
<doc id="19179249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179249" title="Arab International University">
Arab International University

History.
The Arab International University is a private university in Ghabaghib, Daraa Governorate, Syria, founded in 2005. It was created under Presidential Decree No. 193 on the 06/05/2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="19179254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179254" title="Neubourg Abbey">
Neubourg Abbey

Neubourg Abbey ( or "du Neubourg"; ; ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Alsace, France, in Dauendorf, about 9 km west of Haguenau in the Bas-Rhin department.
History.
Neubourg Abbey was founded not earlier than 1130 and not later than 1133 by Count Reinhold of Lützelburg as a daughter house of Lützel Abbey of the filiation of Morimond; it was also settled from Lützel. In its turn Neubourg was the mother house of Maulbronn Abbey (founded 1139) and Herrenalb Abbey (founded 1147).
Between the 14th and 17th centuries the abbey was destroyed and rebuilt several times. It was suppressed in 1790 during the French Revolution.
Inquisition.
Not long after it was founded, the abbey was the subject of an inquisition by Frederick Barbarossa, who forced the monks to renounce their claims to the valuable Hohenstaufen Forest.
Buildings.
The church was dedicated in 1158. It was rebuilt in 1758, but was entirely destroyed in 1818 along with virtually all of the monastic building complex. There are very few remains: a Baroque gatehouse of 1744; a mill; and part of the precinct wall. Some Rococo items from the abbey church (the choir stalls, the organ case, statues of saints) are to be found in the nearby St. Nicholas' church, Haguenau. 
Sundial.
The abbey possessed a unique 24-faced gnomoonic 18th century sundial, which was relocated to Mont Sainte-Odile Abbey in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19179266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179266" title="Cupid's Arrows">
Cupid's Arrows

"Cupid's Arrows" is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the first Indian edition of Plain Tales from the Hills in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection.
This story is a Kiplingesque investigation - that is to say a strange combination of close observation, some mild satire of the strangeness of social conventions, and an acceptance of their strangeness, from the rather distant stance of an observer - of matters of love and marriage. It begins with "a very pretty girl, the daughter of a poor but honest District and Sessions Judge ... Her Mamma was very anxious about her daughter's future, as all good Mammas should be." There is also (at Simla) Barr-Saggott, a rich man of high status - a Commissioner, no less - but ugly. "When he turned his attentions to Miss Beighton, I believe that Mrs Beighton wept with delight at the reward Providence had sent her in her old age." (In one of Kipling's very 'knowing' asides, designed to convince readers of his veracity, he says "the ugliest man in Asia, with two exceptions. This emphasis may also be a 'tongue-in-cheek mock of the habits in certain British circles of immense and fashionable hyperbole.) Kitty Beighton's thoughts are with young Cubbon, a junior officer - "a boy" - in a cavalry regiment.
At the time of the story, some time after 1850, archery was the fashionable sport among the administrative classes; and Miss Beighton "shot divinely". Commissioner Barr-Saggott offers a magnificent prize - a diamond studded bracelet - for a ladies' tournament of archery, "and every one saw that the bracelet was a gift to Miss Beighton; the acceptance carrying with it the hand and heart of Commissioner Barr-Saggott." Miss Beighton shoots last. Her first shot is a bull's eye, and Barr-Saggott smiles. "Now horses used to shy when Barr-Saggott smiled. Kitty saw that smile. She looked to her left-front, gave an almost imperceptible nod to Cubbon, and went on shooting" - with great skill, but no further high-scoring shots. She records 21q, out of as possible 324, and the prize is won by "a little snubby, mottled, half-grown girl"." Mrs Beighton weeps, in front of all the people (all the 'best sort' are present). Miss Beighton leaves with Cubbon, instead of her Mamma; "and - the rest isn't worth printing."

</doc>
<doc id="19179276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179276" title="Rabidosaurus">
Rabidosaurus

Rabidosaurus is an extinct genus of large herbivorous dicynodont of the family Kannemeyeriidae from Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19179303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179303" title="WNFM (FM)">
WNFM (FM)

WNFM (104.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Reedsburg, Wisconsin, USA. The station is currently owned by Magnum Communications, Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
History.
The station went on the air as WRDB-FM on 1979-11-30. on 1984-06-04, the station changed its call sign to the current WNFM. 

</doc>
<doc id="19179312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179312" title="Everything Is Fine (film)">
Everything Is Fine (film)

Tout est parfait (English title "Everything Is Fine") is a French Canadian film directed by Yves-Christian Fournier. It tells the story of a young man trying to cope with the simultaneous suicide of his four friends.
The film won the 2009 Claude Jutra Award for best feature film by a first-time director at the 29th Genie Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19179324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19179324" title="The Quest Trio">
The Quest Trio

The Quest Trio is a video game for the Nintendo DS. It was published by Activision in 2008. The "Trio" part of the game's name refers to the 3 selectable games: Jewel Quest II: Jewel Quest Expeditions, Jewel Quest Solitaire, and Mah Jong Quest Expeditions.
Reception.
IGN gave the game an 8.1 rating overall. Their highest sub rating was an 8.5 for "Lasting Appeal".

</doc>
