<doc id="19166753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166753" title="Student Veterans of America">
Student Veterans of America

Student Veterans of America (SVA), is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization focused on addressing the needs and concerns of American military veterans in higher education. SVA is best known for being an umbrella organization for student veterans' groups that advocated for improvements in veterans educational benefits. Its efforts, combined with other veterans' service organizations, led to passage of the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008. Senator Jim Webb (D-VA), a lead sponsor of the legislation, has cited SVA’s efforts as one of the primary reasons the new G.I. Bill was signed into law on June 30, 2008.
Overview.
Organization Purpose.
Student Veterans of America’s mission is to provide military veterans with the resources, support, and advocacy needed to succeed in higher education and after graduation. We achieve that mission by providing student veterans with critical programs and services via a campus-based, peer-support network known as the SVA chapter. Since SVA’s founding in 2008, the chapter network has grown from 20 campuses to more than 950 institutions of higher education in all 50 states and three countries overseas.
SVA has two major components: the executive staff and student veterans groups. Student veterans groups are student groups that have formed on college and university campuses to provide peer-to-peer networks for veterans who are attending those schools. These groups coordinate campus activities, provide pre-professional networking, and generally provide a touchstone for student veterans in higher education. These local groups are an important part of ensuring that every veteran is successful after their service.
The executive staff, led by President and CEO D. Wayne Robinson, facilitates communication between groups, connects groups with resources from outside their campuses, and organizes these groups to advocate at the state and national level for the common needs of student veterans. 
Prior to taking the helm at SVA, Robinson served in the U.S. Army and rose to the pinnacle of enlisted ranks as a Command Sergeant Major. During his career he held many leadership positions in Artillery, Special Operations, and Recruiting and graduated from every enlisted leadership course offered by the Army. After his military career, he graduated with an MBA from the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago, where his team won the Global New Venture Challenge. Under his guidance, the chapter network has continued to expand along with the programs that SVA provides. 
Chapter Affiliates.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics recently highlighted the inextricable link between education and employment in noting that over 60% of all new jobs created from now until 2018 will require a postsecondary degree or credential. Veterans, however, face significant barriers to degree attainment that range from feeling like an outsider on a campus of 18-year-old traditional students to coping with the visible and invisible wounds of war. SVA classifies these barriers into three categories: administrative, reintegration, and academic. Administrative challenges are linked to accessing benefits and navigating campus bureaucracies. Reintegration issues arise as transitioning veterans try to develop a new identity and sense of belonging. Academic struggles typically stem from long periods away from academia due to military service. Vincent Tinto, renowned education researcher, notes that without peer support these challenges can become insurmountable obstacles that lead to isolation and high dropout rates.
In response to the need for a support system for student veterans, SVA chapters continue to emerge, thrive, and serve as the “boots on the ground” to help veterans overcome the many challenges of transitioning from life in the military to life as civilian students. Every chapter of SVA is an officially recognized student organization at that respective institution of higher learning and is run by and for student veterans. SVA chapters do not pay any dues to associate with the national organization and each group is encouraged to utilize national best-practices to address local issues. A recent RAND study noted that 61% of student veterans found the support they received from fellow veterans as “quite or extremely helpful to the pursuit of their educational goals.” SVA chapters are fulfilling a critical function on hundreds of campuses nationwide.
National Organization.
Student Veterans of America's national office is located in Washington, DC and consists of a number of professional, paid staff members. Professional staff leadership bios and more information on the organization can be found on the Student Veterans of America homepage.
History.
SVA’s Predecessors.
Before the end of World War II, President Franklin Roosevelt signed into law the Servicemen’s Readjustment Act of 1944, otherwise known as the G.I. Bill of Rights. After demobilizing, returning veterans flooded colleges and universities around the country. Not only did these student veterans face basic challenges associated with reintegrating into civilian life, but schools were unprepared for this influx of students, which led to additional problems for veterans like severe housing shortages and lack of transitional assistance. Student veterans banded together, forming peer-to-peer support networks to overcome these challenges and earn their college degrees.
Through the 70s, 80s, and 90s, veterans continued to transition to campus following their military service, albeit in smaller numbers. The revised Montgomery G.I. Bill was offered as a recruitment incentive for the all-volunteer force. Some of the local student veteran groups that formed on campuses after conflicts in Korea and Vietnam, like those at Northern Illinois University and the University of Wisconsin-Madison, still exist today.
SVA’s Genesis – The Post-9/11 G.I. Bill.
Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, the U.S. launched Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) (Afghanistan) and Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) (Iraq). As OEF and OIF veterans returned home to use G.I. Bill benefits, they found that their campuses did not provide adequate support services to assist student veterans as they worked towards their educational goals.
Lacking support, student veterans decided to organize on campuses across the country. These groups began to connect through social media with one another- spreading best practices, sharing success stories, and supporting one another to further strengthen the student veteran community. In 2008, members from roughly 20 schools convened in Chicago to formalize this grassroots movement and found Student Veterans of America.
SVA was officially incorporated between the 18th and 20th of January 2008 to provide programs, resources, and support to the ever-evolving network of local student veteran organizations -- today known as SVA chapters.
Concurrently, SVA and a number of Veteran Service Organizations were tirelessly advocating for an overhaul of the G.I. Bill to address the needs of the 21st Century student veteran. Six months after SVA's founding, President George W. Bush signed into law the Post 9/11 G.I. Bill.
Programs & Initiatives.
With nearly 1,000 chapters, SVA has established a number of programs and services to meet the needs of an ever-growing constituency. These programs and services fall into 5 strategic initiatives: 1) Increase Support for Chapters, 2) Invest in Data & Research, 3) Build a Thriving Alumni Network, 4) Invest in High-Impact Partnerships, and 5) Advocate Effectively for Student Veterans. More information on SVA's strategic plan is available on the web.
Increase Support For Chapters.
The heart of SVA is the student veteran led chapter. To support this growing network, SVA invests in high-impact programs that sustain chapters and empower student veterans to achieve their academic goals. The main programs for SVA chapters are: the Leadership Institute, Leadership Summits, and Chapter Grants. 
The Leadership Institute and Local Leadership Summits use the SVA-MFRI Chapter Success Manual to train chapter leaders how to create business plans for their organizations. SVA’s Chapter Grant program then funds the initiatives outlined in each group’s submitted plan. In conjunction with these activities, SVA also hosts an annual National Conference. While the conference theme changes each year, networking, the sharing of best-practices, and a thriving national community of student veterans always remain constant.
The annual programs are supplemented by scholarship opportunities and initiatives. During the 2013-2014 semesters, SVA ran scholarship opportunities for students studying anything from science, technology engineering, and math to film. Also, SVA and the Home Depot Foundation helped student veterans build a place on campus with the VetCenter Initiative. Each program aims to help veterans succeed as they enter higher education from their service. 
SVA also operates the National Veterans Center, located in Washington, DC. The organization provides a diverse calendar of events that empower veterans to access benefits, reintegrate to campus life, succeed in the classroom, and find meaningful careers. To accomplish its mission, it provides regular office space for SVA chapters and provides a "safe space" for veterans to study, network, and relax. The NVC as become a conduit that pairs service providers from the public and private sectors with veterans and military families seeking resources. 
Along with chapter organization and funding, SVA partnered with the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) to offer a new program called "1 Student Veteran", which directly connects student veterans who are experiencing problems accessing their G.I. Bill or other earned benefits to a VFW service officer. Student Veterans can email studentveteran@vfw.org for direct assistance.
A full listing of SVA's programs and services can be found on the SVA homepage and all chapters are listed in the Chapter Map & Directory.
Invest in Data & Research.
Over $23.7 billion has been invested in Post-9/11 G.I. Bill benefits since 2009. Yet, no organization has tracked the academic outcomes of beneficiaries. No one knows the return on the G.I. Bill investment. This data is absolutely paramount to defending the G.I. Bill from potential cuts and for providing the best services to student veterans.
In an unprecedented public-private partnership, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the National Student Clearinghouse, and SVA are collecting the graduation rates of G.I. Bill beneficiaries on a national scale for the first time in history. This ground-breaking research will also yield additional data points, such as time to completion, drop-out rates, and transfer rates, that paint a holistic picture of how student veterans progress through higher education. Not only was this SVA’s concept, but has provided funding to accomplish the data pairing.
The impact of this research will be historic. For the first time in over 70 years, service-providers, policy makers, institutions of higher education, and government agencies will be able to make data-driven decisions about how best to allocate resources in support of student veterans. The end result will be more effective programs and services to empower veterans to graduate with degrees and credentials.
Build a Thriving Alumni Network.
SVA is founded on the principle of connecting locally with fellow veterans for peer support. We also recognize the value of developing a professional network nationally. Therefore, it is our goal to launch a national alumni network for student veterans by mid-2014. The alumni network will focus on professional development opportunities for any veteran, from any decade, that holds a postsecondary degree or credential. The platform will assist in connecting veterans for the purposes of finding mentors, identifying employment opportunities, landing internships, and social networking.
Invest In High Impact Partnerships.
SVA is a network. Networks thrive when information is shared and connections are made. One of our main goals is to connect high-quality service providers to student veterans, thus minimizing some of the noise and clutter that currently exists in the veteran community. Some of our key programmatic partnerships include:
Advocate Effectively for Student Veterans.
Part of SVA’s mission is to advocate for student veterans. We defend the G.I. Bill and support policy that best empowers student veterans to achieve their educational goals. SVA is largely recognized as the organization representing the interests of student veterans and G.I. Bill beneficiaries due to the 950+ SVA chapters on campuses nationwide. The more chapters in the network, the more effective we are at influencing policy on behalf of all student veterans.
At the federal level, SVA has formed a close relationship with the two of America’s largest and most honored Veteran Service Organizations: The American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. Collectively, we are working on a number of issues, but specifically to reduce G.I. Bill benefit delays, improve access to consumer education tools, and to establish in-state residency status for all G.I. Bill beneficiaries.
SVA also encourages and trains chapters to be advocates on campus to institutionalize programs and policies that support student veterans. Each chapter has the potential to be a catalyst for local change. Great examples of SVA chapters advocating for supportive services include, Florida State University, the University of Arizona, the University of Southern California, and many others.
Legislation.
Student Veterans of America was a leading advocate for reform of GI Bill benefits leading to passage of the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008.
On October 28, 2013, the House passed the Veterans' Advisory Committee on Education Improvement Act of 2013 (H.R. 2011; 113th Congress), a bill that would extend through the end of 2015 the Veterans' Advisory Committee on Education. It would also change the composition of people sitting on that board by including members from more recent wars. Student Veterans of America issued a press release on August 7, 2013, announcing their support for H.R. 2011.
On February 3, 2014, the United States House of Representatives passed the GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act of 2013 (H.R. 357; 113th Congress). If enacted, the bill would require states to offer veterans the in-state tuition price instead of the out-of-state tuition price regardless of whether the veteran met the residency requirement. The bill would also make other changes to veterans' benefits. Student Veterans of America supports the bill, arguing that "having that across-the-board ease with all 50 states and the District of Columbia will make it easier for student veterans to figure out how much they will be paying for their college education."
Board of Directors.
Rodrigo Garcia, Board Chairman. Mr. Garcia currently serves the State of Illinois as a senior state executive and as a member of the Illinois Cabinet. He was appointed by Governor Pat Quinn on October 11, 2011 and was subsequently confirmed by the Illinois State Senate on November 29, 2011. In this pivotal executive post, Garcia presides as the second-in-command of a state agency with over 1,300+ staff members, a $128 million budget, 80+ statewide offices, numerous program & service divisions, and a senior executive staff. He was named one of the "Top 100 under 50” Executive Leaders by Diversity MBA Magazine and as one of Miller Coors’ nationwide "Hispanic Lideres”, was the recipient of President Obama’s Council on Service and Civic Participation "Call to Service Award”.
Michael R. Lehnert, Vice Chairman. Major General Michael R. Lehnert served as Commanding General, Marine Corps Installations West and graduated from Central Michigan University in 1973 with an undergraduate degree in History. In 1999 he deployed to Panama as the Chief of Staff, Joint Task Force Panama, and oversaw the final turnover of the Panama Canal. After serving for two years as a senior adviser to the Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection, General Lehnert was invited to serve as a Woodrow Wilson Visiting Fellow where he lectures on leadership and ethical decision making.
Hon. Charles “Chick” Ciccolella is the President of CSC Group, LLC, a service-disabled veterans owned firm that provides business consulting and advisory services. Additionally, his firm provides organizational and operational assistance to government and non-government entities on programs operated by the Federal government that are related to veterans employment, workforce development, and disability issues in the workplace. Before starting his own business, Chick was the Executive Vice President for Economic Empowerment for the Wounded Warrior Project and the former Assistant Secretary for Veterans Employment and Training at the U.S. Department of Labor, where he was responsible for the programs that help veterans transition from the military to civilian jobs and for protecting their employment and reemployment rights.
Colonel Dave Sutherland was commissioned an Infantry Officer in 1983 and holds a Bachelor's degree from Bowling Green State University in History and Economics and a Masters in Strategic Studies. Colonel Sutherland attended all levels of military education including Airborne, Ranger, Jumpmaster, the U. S. Army Command and General Staff College, and is a Senior Service College Graduate – Advanced Operational Studies Fellowship. He has served in staff positions at Battalion through Division. Colonel Sutherland last served as the Special Assistant to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff with principle focus on Warrior and Family Support.
Dr. Lynda Davis is the Executive Vice President at the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS), Dr. Lynda C. Davis is a nationally recognized leader in the development and implementation of successful, significant, and sustainable programs that support the full spectrum of quality of life support and services for military personnel, veterans, their families, caregivers and survivors. Dr. Davis served as deputy undersecretary of defense for military community and family policy, deputy assistant secretary of the navy and led the first joint U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) comprehensive care/case management reform in support wounded warriors. A former Army officer and VA clinician, Dr. Davis taught in the Departments of Psychiatry and Public Administration at the University of Southern where she earned a Ph.D. and MPA in Public Administration (Human Services Administration).
Dr. Stephen Weber is the seventh president of San Diego State University. Educated as a philosopher, President Weber assumed his administrative responsibilities at SDSU in July 1996. Among many academic and operational achievements under President Weber’s leadership, SDSU created The Campanile Foundation, the university fundraising auxiliary. President Weber is the past chair of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities Board of Directors, and co-chaired Partners for K-12 School Reform. He is the recipient of the San Diego Mediation Center’s Peacemaker’s Award, the San Diego Education Association’s Executive Director’s Award, and the recipient of the Gold Key Award from the San Diego Hospitality Association. 
Peter Meijer served as a non-commissioned Army officer in Operations Iraqi Freedom and New Dawn from the summer of 2010 to the summer of 2011. Mr. Meijer spent his time in Iraq embedded with the Iraqi Army as a combat advisor at Joint Security Stations in the Baghdad area, conducting bilateral training missions and force protection operations. Mr. Peter Meijer grew up at the center of two family businesses, School Zone Publishing and Meijer, Inc. supercenters. He is also a member of the Cape Eleuthera Island School Alumni Advisory Board and an advisor to the Kettering Foundation and Gerald R. Ford Museum. 
Brian Hawthorne, MPS has been serving in the US Army Reserves for more than eight years, with two tours in Iraq. He is currently assigned to the 450th Civil Affairs Battalion (Airborne) as a Jumpmaster and Civil Affairs Team Sergeant. Since coming home from Baghdad in 2008, he has become deeply involved in veterans advocacy and served as SVA’s first Legislative Director. In this capacity, he has testified before Congressional Committees on numerous occasions regarding GI Bill Benefits and the transition from the military to civilian life. For his expertise on the issue, he has been quoted and interviewed by many major news outlets.
Hon. Dan Grant graduated from West Point in 2002 and was commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in the US Army. In 2004, he deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom for one year with the 1st Infantry Division as a Platoon Leader. After leaving the Army, Dan served as Senior Policy Advisor to the Lieutenant Governor of Illinois. He was instrumental in developing and testifying on legislation to benefit the military community, veterans, and their families. In February 2009 Illinois Governor Pat Quinn appointed him to his cabinet where he served as Director of the Illinois Department of Veterans’ Affairs for the next two and a half years. Dan received his MBA at Harvard Business School, and is currently a consultant for The Boston Consulting Group in their Detroit office.
Matt Randle served as a Combat Medic (91B) in the United States Army for five years (1998-2003) and was stationed in the Republic of South Korea and Ft. Bliss, TX. In 2007, Mr. Randle pursued his true passion, working with veterans. He began working for the non-profit organization Vets4Vets as their Outreach Director and traveled the country speaking with and for his fellow veterans. He is a member of Representative Giffords' Veteran Advisory Council, Representative Grijalva's Veteran Advisory Council, and is the Co-Chair of the campus Veterans Education and Transition Services. Additionally, he advises the State of Arizona Governor's Council on Veterans' Affairs.
Luke Stalcup, MS enlisted in the Army at 18. He was trained as an Explosive Ordnance Disposal Specialist and served in Kuwait, Qatar, Iraq and other areas of Southwest Asia beginning in 2000. He was awarded two Bronze Star Medals with Valor Device for his actions during OIF I, where he served as an EOD Team Leader. In 2008, working with Derek Blumke and Elizabeth O'Herrin, he co-founded Student Veterans of America and worked as the Director of Public Affairs during SVA's campaign for the Post 9/11 GI Bill. He is currently pursuing an MD from the Duke University's School of Medicine and lives in Durham, NC.
Board of Advisors.
Geoffrey J. Deutsch, Geoff Deutsch has spent nearly 25 years helping transform large systems for delivering healthcare and human services. Geoff began his career as a "turnaround” executive with international hospital systems, managed care companies and health technology firms, where he established a record of rapid, breakthrough performance improvements. His introduction to the nonprofit sector came when Elizabeth Dole hired him in to help transform the American Red Cross. As a volunteer, Geoff has supported the Presidents and Boards of several national charities, with a focus on applying business principles to the nonprofit sector. 
Dr. Bob Ackerman, Dr. Bob Ackerman is professor emeritus of higher and vice president emeritus for student service from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. Since 2007, he has conducted research on the transition of veterans from the military to the campus. His co-authored article, published in the NASPA Journal in 2008, and his co-edited book, "Creating Veterans Friendly Campuses: Strategies for transition and success,” were among the earliest scholarly discussions on this important topic. Alongside student veterans and other members of SVA, he presented at numerous national conferences. 
Dr. Akosua Barthwell-Evans, Dr. Akosua Barthwell Evans is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of The Barthwell Group, Inc., a multi-faceted management consulting firm specializing in providing strategic management (developing and implementing planning, diversity, branding, and teambuilding strategies), partnership building, and workshops and training seminars to clients throughout the United States. 
George W. Casey, Jr., General George W. Casey, Jr. is one of the most accomplished soldiers in U.S. history and an authority on strategic leadership. As the 36th Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army from April 2007 to 2011, General Casey led what is arguably the world’s largest and most complex organization — 1.1 million people strong, with a $200+ billion annual budget — during one of the most extraordinary periods in military and global political history.
Hendrik "Hank" G. Meijer, Hank Meijer, 60, is Co-Chairman and CEO of Meijer, Inc. in Grand Rapids. He joined the family retail business at the age of 11 as a grocery clerk. After serving as a reporter for a Detroit-area suburban newspaper group, he became editor and later publisher of a weekly newspaper in Plymouth, Mich. He rejoined Meijer in 1979 as assistant advertising director.
Dr. Robert N. Shelton, Dr. Shelton was a guest scientist at both the Kernforschungsanlage in Jűlich, Germany, and of the Japanese government at the Institute of Metals in Tokyo, Japan; and a visiting professor in the Département de Physique de la Matière Condensée, at the Université de Genève, Geneva, Switzerland. He has been an active and productive scientist whose work has focused on collective electron effects in novel materials. He is a fellow of the American Physical Society and a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Sigma Xi, and Phi Beta Kappa.
Valerie J. Van Meter, Valerie is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and the 7th Federal Reserve District. She leads the Central Bank Services division, which includes Discount Window Lending, Payments System Risk, Reserve Accounting, and Statistical and Financial Reporting. In addition, she oversees the Bank’s Finance division, is the director of Minority and Women Inclusion, and is a member of the Bank’s Management Committee. 

</doc>
<doc id="19166758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166758" title="Yevhen Tarasenko">
Yevhen Tarasenko

Yevhen Tarasenko (; born 3 March 1983 in Cherkasy, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club Chornomorets Odesa. He moved from Karpaty Lviv on 19 February 2011, having signed a contract for 1.5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19166806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166806" title="Andriy Sahaydak">
Andriy Sahaydak

Andriy Sahaydak (born 2 January 1989 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.
On 24 February 2011, Sahaydak joined Chornomorets on a 6-month loan from Karpaty, with the right of purchase for the Odesa club
. At season's end, the right was not exercised, though.

</doc>
<doc id="19166818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166818" title="Jean-Louis Frenette">
Jean-Louis Frenette

Jean-Louis Frenette (21 September 1920 – 9 April 2008) was a Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an architectural draftsman by career.
He was first elected at the Portneuf riding in the 1962 general election then re-elected there in 1963. After completing his term in the 26th Parliament, he became an independent candidate at Portneuf in the 1965 election but was defeated by Roland Godin of the Ralliement créditiste.

</doc>
<doc id="19166850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166850" title="Oleh Tarasenko">
Oleh Tarasenko

Oleh Tarasenko (born 23 June 1990 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv.

</doc>
<doc id="19166859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166859" title="173rd Aviation Squadron (Australia)">
173rd Aviation Squadron (Australia)

The 173rd Aviation Squadron is an Australian Army aviation unit which forms part of the 6th Aviation Regiment. It is currently based at Holsworthy Barracks and is equipped with Bell Kiowa helicopters.
History.
The squadron was formed on 17 February 1974 at Oakey and initially operated Pilatus PC-6 Porters. In 1978, the squadron also received a number of GAF Nomads. During this time, the squadron undertook a variety of Army co-operation roles utilising the short take-off and landing characteristics of its aircraft. These included: artillery spotting, troop transport, field resupply, medevac, ground-air liaison. It was also used for survey work in the South Pacific and flood relief in Australia.
The squadron gave up its Porters in late 1992 and in the following year, the squadron adopted the title of "173 (Surveilance) Squadron"; under this guise it undertook the aerial surveillance and survey roles and was also used as a vehicle to deliver parachute troops. In 1994, following a number of fatal accidents among the Australian Nomad fleet, the aircraft were withdrawn from service. As a consequence, the squadron operated two Embraer EMB 110 Bandeirante airframes, which were leased by the Army temporarily while a replacement for the Nomad was sought. These were later replaced with 3 Beechcraft King Air and 3 DHC-6-200 Twin-Otter aircraft (one of which, VH-HPY, was later lost in a training accident in Papua New Guinea). The King Airs were subsequently handed over to the Royal Australian Air Force in late 2009 when the squadron was converted to a rotary-wing aviation squadron, designated as "173rd Aviation Squadron" and operating the Bell Kiowa out of Holsworthy Barracks in New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19166896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166896" title="Fairmount Avenue">
Fairmount Avenue

Fairmount Avenue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19166905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166905" title="Guy Marcoux">
Guy Marcoux

Guy Marcoux (21 February 1924 – 23 September 2011) was a Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a physician by career.
He was first elected at the Québec—Montmorency riding in the 1962 general election then re-elected in 1963. Marcoux became an independent candidate in the 1965 election with Henri Borgia as the Ralliement créditiste candidate. However, Marcoux was defeated at Québec—Montmorency by Ovide Laflamme of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19166923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166923" title="Layton Kor">
Layton Kor

Layton Kor (1938 – April 21, 2013) was an American rock climber active in the 1960s, whose first ascents and drive for climbing are well known in the climbing world. His routes included many climbs in Eldorado Canyon, near Boulder, Colorado, The Diamond on Longs Peak, towers in the desert southwest, and Yosemite National Park, among other locations. Notable among his first ascents is the Kor-Ingalls Route on Castleton Tower and The Finger of Fate Route up the Fisher Towers' Titan; both routes are recognized in the historic climbing text "Fifty Classic Climbs of North America".
Kor also authored the book "Beyond the Vertical".
Layton Kor received the 2009 American Alpine Club's "Robert & Miriam Underhill Award" for outstanding climbing achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="19166935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166935" title="Mackerel scad">
Mackerel scad

The mackerel scad, Decapterus macarellus, is a species of fish of the family, Carangidae. While mackerel scad can be considered gamefish, they are usually used as bait.
Description.
The largest mackerel scad recorded was 46 cm long. Their elongated bodies look somewhat circular when viewed head on. They are distinguishable by a small, detached fin, located between the dorsal and caudal fins. Mackerel scad have 9 spines and 31-36 rays on their dorsal fins, while there are seven spines and 27-30 rays on their anal fins.
The mackerel scad's fins are black metallic to blue-green and its belly is white. The edge of the operculum has a small, black spot, with no spots on the lateral line. Mackerel scad's caudal fins have been described as reddish to yellow-green.
Distribution and habitat.
The mackerel scad's range covers most of the world's oceans. In the western Atlantic, they have been found off Nova Scotia and Bermuda, south to Rio de Janeiro, although they do not seem common in the Gulf of Mexico. In the eastern Atlantic, mackerel scad have been found off St. Helena, Ascension Island, and Cape Verde. They have also been recorded in the Gulf of Guinea, The Azores, and Madeira. In the Indian ocean, mackerel scad have been found in the Red sea and the Gulf of Aden they are also known from South Africa, the Mascarenes, the Seychelles, and Sri Lanka. In the eastern Pacific, they are known from Revillagigedo Island, the Gulf of California, and the coast of Ecuador.
FAO areas where the Mackerel scad is native include the north east and northwest Atlantic, the center east and west Atlantic, the Mediterranean sea and the Black sea, the South east and west Atlantic, the eastern and western Indian, and the North west, center west, center east and south west Pacific.
Mackerel scad usually live in subtropical seas at depths up to 400 m. They prefer clear water, and are frequently found around islands. Although mackerel scad have been found at the surface, they are usually caught at depths between 40 and 200 meters. They feed mainly on zooplankton.
Economic significance.
Mackerel scad are fairly important both to fisheries and to sportfishing. They can be used as food, but are known to carry ciguatera, and are more often used as bait, since large gamefish such as the blue-spotted grouper, giant trevally, and the onespot snapper are all known to feed on them.
This species is also significant for its use in preparing the Japanese snack "Kusaya", a traditional product of the Izu Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19166937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166937" title="Mykhaylo Dyachuk-Stavytskyi">
Mykhaylo Dyachuk-Stavytskyi

Mykhaylo Dyachuk-Stavytskyi (; born 1 January 1989 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian First League club FC Zirka Kirovohrad. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19166995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19166995" title="When the World Comes Down">
When the World Comes Down

When the World Comes Down is the third studio album by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released December 16, 2008 by Interscope Records.
The album was named one of the "Alternative Press" most anticipated albums of the year.
Composition and recording.
The All-American Rejects first began writing material for what would become "When the World Comes Down" at the end of December 2006, when they wrapped up their "Tournado" tour. In spite of this, it took the band nearly a year to get into the studio, with shows and tours frequently being offered. Twelve songs were completed for the album, a process that took over two years. The first song written for the record was the album opener, "I Wanna". The song took over six months to record, in studio as well as a tour bus. "I Wanna" was written in Florida, followed by the rock ballad titled "Back To Me". Also written on a tour bus was the song "Breakin'", which came together from many different ideas circulating through the quartet. Two important tracks on "When the World Comes Down", "Gives You Hell" and "Another Heart Calls", were written during a road trip to Vancouver.
In an interview with "She Knows Entertainment", Ritter commented "I think When the World Comes Down has been a journey. I was 23 when I started writing this record. I'm 24 now. I guess...people say when you graduate college you figure out who you are. If I had graduated college, this would be that moment – now. I think I was most questioning life when I was getting off the road with Move Along and this record was therapy for me. It's everything I needed it to be for me." 
The second track on the album, "Fallin' Apart", was recorded during the band's escape into the mountains of Georgia. In Rabun County, "Fallin' Apart" was experimented with and played around with before achieving the final product, a process described by singer/bassist Tyson Ritter as "Old School". Also written in Rabun County, was the song "Mona Lisa". The song's title originates from Ritter's view of the song, as the band's perfect, simple work of art. Online music stores have since tagged "(When the World Comes Down)" onto the title, since this phrase is taken from the song itself. "Mona Lisa" was tracked live in studio, which was a first for The All-American Rejects.
Many components of "When the World Comes Down" was recorded at the famed Skywalker Ranch, in San Rafael, California. There at the large John Williams scoring room, the gang vocals for "Gives You Hell" were recorded, as well as three separate drum tracks for songs such as "Real World".
The 16-piece orchestra featured on "When the World Comes Down" was recorded at Warner Brothers Studios, Burbank, California, on the eastwood scoring stage. Here, orchestration for the tracks "Another Heart Calls", "Sunshine", and "Real World" was recorded. The orchestra is the most evident in "Sunshine", being a main component of the song.
Most of all other material on the album was recorded at Barefoot Studios, owned by the album's producer, Eric Valentine. Here songs were finished such as the song "Believe". After one take of the drum track, two other drum parts were completed by the end of the day. To drummer Chris Gaylor's dismay, the first version was originally chosen. Another song, "Damn Girl", was created around a chorus that Ritter had in mind from the start. The song begins with a dual intro with rhythm guitarist Mike Kennerty using an electric guitar, and Tyson Ritter on a synthesizer. "The Wind Blows" was a song originally written for pop singer Gwen Stefani. It was turned down, but later transformed into a vital link for the climax of "When the World Comes Down". After a 30-second track of silence, the hidden track "Sunshine", written in San Francisco, plays abruptly. The song doesn't include drums, a position taken by percussion instruments such as shakers, and features an orchestration.
An acknowledgment to the album regarding to the recording process is the overall sound quality of the album. Many fans and audiophiles alike have noticed that most of the songs on the album are recorded and mixed well, the album is agreeably not engaged in Loudness War, a modern recording technique which maximizes the overall loudness of the track on the expense of less punch, clarity and dynamics. Using music recording and editing software such as the freely available Audacity, one can see that the waveform of the song "Gives You Hell" and many other tracks on the album shows soft and loud parts with many "peaks and dips" which suggests punch and clarity of the instruments, which is rare among modern rock recordings. The track "Another Heart Calls" starts off very soft and gradually gets louder towards the end of the track, proving that almost no or little "loudness maximizing" has been used.
Marketing and release.
As a way to maintain fans' interest, the The All-American Rejects highlighted their record making process through live internet broadcasts, providing a direct look into the record-making process. To further promote the band, the Rejects also shot a Got Milk? ad. They also released two song previews, of the demos for "Mona Lisa" and "Sierra's Song". Many fans believed that the song "Sunshine" on "When the World Comes Down" was "Sierra's Song" with a revised title, but this in not true. The actual "Sierra's Song" was completed, but wasn't used for "When the World Comes Down". It eventually found its way onto the soundtrack for the television show 90210. "The Real World" was featured in the game Madden NFL 09 as the demo version, being the second The All-American Rejects song to be featured in a Madden NFL game ("Night Drive" was featured in Madden NFL 06)
The All-American Rejects also held an interview with Entertainment Weekly to further promote the record, stating that "It's like nothing you've ever heard". The band talked about how the songs were put together and how it is different from "Move Along". The album version of the song "Real World" was released as downloadable content for Rock Band on December 2. On December 11 the lyrics to all of the songs on "When the World Comes Down" were posted on the band's official website, 30-second clips of the songs were also released on their official MySpace page. The entire album was released on their MySpace the following day.
From the profits of "When the World Comes Down", The All-American Rejects donated 10% of total earnings to Feed the Children. Also to promote the album, the band held karaoke competitions, drawing competitions, and song competitions. Later on they released a site called AAR Street Team where fans can enter contests, blog, and chat.
"When the World Comes Down" was released in Australia on January 10, 2009. Then in the UK the album was released on February 9, 2009, a week after "Gives You Hell" was released there. Although it was only available in a single edition, the album contained demo tracks that featured on Deluxe U.S. Version, as well as an exclusive UK only remix of "The Wind Blows", and a demo track of a song titled "Here I Sit".
Singles.
The single "Gives You Hell" was released on September 30, 2008 as a digital download. "Gives You Hell" was serviced to mainstream radio on October 7, 2008. "Mona Lisa (When the World Comes Down)" was released as a digital single on November 18, 2008, before the release of "When the World Comes Down" to promote the album. Later on April 21, 2009, "The Wind Blows" was released to mainstream radio as the All-American Rejects' second single from "World". "I Wanna" was released throughout the UK and Australia on June 8, 2009. The song "Real World" was released as a promotional single about a month later on July 8 in the United States. Real World" gained recognition on the playlist of Modern Rock radio station KTCL FM in Denver, Colorado, being one of the top spinned songs. It also was briefly included in the playlists of Modern Rock stations KYSR in Los Angeles and KCNL in San Jose, California. "Real World" was also including the 2009 soundtrack to "" as the 9th track. Later in July, "I Wanna" was released as the third U.S. headlining single from "When the World Comes Down" on July 27, 2009.
Music videos.
On November 3, 2008 the band released their first music video for the record, "Gives You Hell", on Yahoo! Music. The band also released a second video for "Mona Lisa", which was released on the deluxe iTunes version of the album. The video for the Rejects next single "The Wind Blows" was released on April 27, 2009 directed by Rich Lee. Rich Lee also directed the "I Wanna" music video, which was released throughout the UK in support of the song. The video was also picked up by the U.S. iTunes. Also, for a U.S. release, another "I Wanna" music video has been released, directed by Paul Hunter. No form of a music video produced for it the promo single "Real World".
Reception.
Critic reviews.
The album so far has a score of 64 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews". "The Boston Herald" gave it a B- and stated, "there are tracks that showcase their amalgam of bubblegum-pop and hair metal, as well as their penchant for corn-fed power ballads. But the rest is a departure." "Melodic" gave it a score of four stars out of five and said, "You could fool anyone with this being a Greatest Hits collection because the new songs are that good!" "The Boston Globe" gave it a favorable review and said that the album "will only cement the band's top-of-the-heap status." RedRecords gave it a score of 90% and said it "isn’t an amazing album based on how far and deep the band goes into perfecting their genre, it is an amazing album because it sounds great and diverse. There are no boring tracks (though there are some filler tracks, even they’re listenable) and there isn’t a dictating genre to keep everything in line. The lyrics are okay, nothing poor but nothing great, and the production is incredible." "Rock Sound" gave it a score of seven out of ten and called it "A-class power-pop of the standard so many other bands reach for but can never attain."
"The New York Times" gave it a positive review and called it "completely clear and even traditional pop music, but those over 16 will likely have no use for it." "Billboard" gave it an average review and said that the album "doesn't evince much growth, proffering more of the same hooky pop/rock centered around adolescent love and heartache." However, "Blender" gave it two-and-a-half stars out of five and said, "Anything involving a string section is disastrous, but a couple of choruses are suitable for both raucous fist-pumping and rampant pouting."
Chart performance.
In its debut week, "When the World Comes Down" sold over 112,000 copies to place at number 15 on the "Billboard" 200. Sales were much larger than the 90,000 shifted by their previous album, "Move Along". Up to January 7, 2009 it sold 76,923 more copies. As of June 2009, the album had only sold 422,000 copies, which is contrary to the band's previous two albums, both selling a half-million copies in its first two months. The album was still a big seller for the year, and on the "Billboard" 200 albums of 2009, "When the World Comes Down" was ranked #69. On May 25, 2010, "When the World Comes Down" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Credits.
Band
Additional roles
Production
Marketing and A&R

</doc>
<doc id="19167022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167022" title="Ministry of External Affairs (Andorra)">
Ministry of External Affairs (Andorra)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs () is the Andorran government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Andorra.
Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Andorra:

</doc>
<doc id="19167034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167034" title="Volodymyr Bidlovskyi">
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi

Volodymyr Bidlovskyi (; born 31 May 1988 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League. He is the product of the Ternopil Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19167038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167038" title="University Parkway">
University Parkway

University Parkway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19167080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167080" title="Wasilla Assembly of God">
Wasilla Assembly of God

The Wasilla Assembly of God is a church in the town of Wasilla, Alaska. Founded in 1951, it is a member of the Assemblies of God, a Pentecostal Christian denomination.
The church gained national attention in 2008 when United States presidential candidate Senator John McCain chose Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, an attendee of the church until 2002, as his running mate in the 2008 election.
History.
The church's founding pastor was Paul Riley. Originally meeting in the Wasilla Community Hall in 1951, the church purchased property and constructed a building that would be expanded and eventually house the church until the early 1980s when new land further down Knik-Goosebay Road was purchased and a new church built to accommodate growth. Around this time Tim McGraw succeeded Riley as pastor. McGraw served as pastor for 12 years before being succeeded by Ed Kalnins in 1999.
Controversy.
Ed Kalnins.
After the 2008 nomination of Sarah Palin for Vice President of the United States, senior pastor Ed Kalnins' preaching was scrutinized by the media. His sermons were available on the church website. "USA Today" reported the "Huffington Post" assertion that "Kalnins has preached that critics of President Bush will be banished to hell; questioned whether people who voted for Sen. John Kerry in 2004 would be accepted into heaven; and preached that the Sept. 11 attacks and the war in Iraq were part of a world war over Christianity". Kalnins preached "I believe that Alaska is one of the refuge states... in the Last Days, and hundreds of thousands of people are going to come to this state to seek refuge. And the church has to ready to minister to them".
In an interview cited by the "Wall Street Journal", Kalnins clarified his remarks on the Iraq war, saying "I don't think it's God's will to have a war. But in Iraq, America is fighting an enemy that has made it a war over beliefs". The church also issued a statement clarifying the Kerry assertions, "Those who know our church and Pastor Ed know that we often say things in a humorous, tongue in cheek manner. We do realize the danger in that. This is the way in which Pastor Ed made the controversial remark. We do acknowledge in hindsight that it was careless, and we do apologize for that".
Thomas Muthee.
Guest speaker Thomas Muthee's background, especially his accusations of witchcraft against a woman known as "Mama Jane", received a great deal of media attention. Muthee's sermons have also been scrutinized, especially during a 2005 appearance at the Wasilla Assembly of God during which he prayed for Sarah Palin, asking God to protect her from witchcraft and for God to supply people and financial resources for her then-campaign for Alaska governor. The "Boston Herald" described it as "all smoke and no fire", pointing out that some religious experts believed that, in light of Muthee's cultural background, there was nothing strange about the prayer.
Sarah Palin.
Baptized in the church at the age of 12, Sarah Palin was an attendee until 2002. Speaking at the church in 2008, Palin asked congregants to "Pray for our military men and women who are striving to do what is right also for this country" and pray "that our national leaders are sending them out on a task that is from God. That's what we have to make sure we're praying for: that there is a plan and that plan is God's plan".
Ministries.
Wasilla Assembly of God sponsors a youth group for girls in Kindergarten to 8th grade called the Missionettes. The youth group conducts several community service projects each year. The church hosts an annual Christian music concert called "Winter Rock Fest", which began in 2005, and now attracts over 1,000 youth each year.
The church runs ministries providing help to poor neighborhoods, care for children in need, and general community services. In cooperation with Alaska Family Services, the Salvation Army, and other area churches, the Wasilla Assembly of God distributed baskets to 39 families in Wasilla during Thanksgiving of 2005. The church also supplies food to the annual free Thanksgiving meal hosted by Shema Christian Ministries. The church established a teen youth learning center called Rally Point in 2006. Rally Point is located in the church's original building at Knik-Goose Bay Road.
The Master's Commission program is a live-in religious educational program for young adults. "To Know God and To Make Him Known" is the twofold purpose of Master's Commission discipleship ministry. The program is similar to other such programs at Assemblies of God congregations throughout the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19167101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167101" title="Anton Lutsyk">
Anton Lutsyk

Anton Lutsyk (; born 25 March 1987 in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian First League club FC Lviv. 
He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19167118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167118" title="NA9910º">
NA9910º

This is the last album released in 2001 by 99 Posse. It's a live collection of the band's most important songs, played during their 2001 tour all along Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19167136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167136" title="Vladimir Malenkykh">
Vladimir Malenkykh

Vladimir Malenkykh (born October 1, 1980) is a defenceman currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod in the Kontinental Hockey League. He was drafted 157th overall by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the fifth round of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
Career.
Malenkykh started his career with HC Lada Togliatti in 1999 and remained with the team until 2005. He spent the next six seasons with Metallurg Magnitogorsk, staying with the team until the conclusion of the 2010-11 KHL season.
Malenkykh signed with Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod on May 12, 2011, joining the team with long-time friend Alexander Yevseyenkov.

</doc>
<doc id="19167158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167158" title="Yaroslav Martynyuk">
Yaroslav Martynyuk

Yaroslav Martynyuk (born 20 February 1989 in Vinnytsia, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club Karpaty Lviv. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19167160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167160" title="1970 Chatham Cup">
1970 Chatham Cup

The 1970 Chatham Cup was the 43rd annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run on a regional basis, however the structure of the competition was altered from previous years, largely due to the commencement of the New Zealand National Soccer League. Whereas in previous years qualification matches had been entirely run on a by-region basis culminating in two finals, one in each island, the draw from 1970 became more open, with regional qualifiers facing National League opposition in the final rounds. This led to several firsts for the competition, with Nelson United becoming the first South Island team to play a (pre-final) Chatham Cup match in the North Island, Western Suburbs becoming the first North Island team to play in Christchurch, and Stop Out being the first North Island team to play in Dunedin. Caversham was the only regional qualifier to make it as far as the semi-finals in the National League's first year, beating two league teams (Christchurch United and Stop Out) in the process.
A further boost was given to the competition though Gillette, who became the Chatham Cup's first naming-rights sponsors. The competition was to be known as the Gillette Chatham Cup until 1974, when Lion Breweries took over sponsorship of the competition.
In all, 105 teams took part in the competition, with the eight National League teams being joined with a further 67 North Island and 30 South Island teams. In the National League's inaugural season, Blockhouse Bay became the first team to win the league and cup double. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1970 final.
The final was the first all-North Island final, and was also the first final to require a replay. The replay was held in Auckland, making this first Chatham Cup final to be decided outside Wellington, and the first not to be decided at the Basin Reserve since 1927. The first match was memorable, and pitted favourites against underdogs. The two teams had both been in the first season of the national league, with Blockhouse Bay emerging as clear champions and Western Suburb propping up the foot of the table with just one win from 14 league matches. It was the underdogs who had the makings of the trophy, however, leading by two Wayne Huntley goals with only a handful of minutes remaining. Between the 83rd and 86th minutes, however, Colin Shaw hit the target twice for the Bay, the second of the goals coming from a penalty which had to be retaken. Bay dominated the two periods of extra time, yet it was Suburbs who came closest to gaining the upper hand, hitting the woodwork on two occasions. The old rule of counting corners to decide the outcome of a tie had been scrapped and the idea of a penalty shootout had not yet been introduced, so the match headed to a replay.
The rematch was a seesaw affair, with Bay leading twice only for Suburbs to equalise each time. With minutes remaining, Suburbs found what looked like the winning strike, but it was ruled out for offside. With seconds to go, it was Blockhouse Bay who finally tipped the scales. Goals in the match came from Clive Campbell, Iain Ormond and Colin Shaw for the Bay and Bruce Baker and Barry Humphreys for Suburbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19167177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167177" title="Maximum-minimums identity">
Maximum-minimums identity

In mathematics, the maximum-minimums identity is a relation between the maximum element of a set "S" of "n" numbers and the minima of the 2"n" − 1 nonempty subsets of "S".
Let "S" = {"x"1, "x"2, ..., "x""n"}. The identity states that 
or conversely
"n"+1,
and
By the inductive hypothesis,
collecting terms and applying the fact that the minimum operator is distributive,
For a probabilistic proof, see the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19167190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167190" title="Oleh Holodyuk">
Oleh Holodyuk

Oleh Holodyuk (born 2 January 1988 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19167211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167211" title="Mohan Ranade">
Mohan Ranade

Mohan Ranade () is an Indian freedom fighter who activeley participated in Goa liberation movement . He was arrested by Portuguese police in 1955. Later he was incarcerated at the Fort of Caxias near Lisbon in Portugal. He was kept in solitary confinement for six years. After liberation of Goa by Indian government Ranade was finally released in January 1969 after 14 years of imprisonment.[http://cities.expressindia.com/fullstory.php?newsid=112077] 
Ranade was born in 1929 in Sangli in Maharashtra state in India . He was inspired by leaders like Ganesh Damodar Savarkar and Vinayak Damodar Savarkar. He is a qualified lawyer. 
During Annadurai, the ex-CM of Tamil Nadu visit to Vatican City, he met the Pope during that time and requested him to release Ranade. After hearing that Annadurai haven't met Ranade once, Pope was astonished for his compassion and made Ranade's release. When Ranade was free, he came to chennai to see Annaduari, but ended in despair as Annadurai was dead some days before. 
He was honoured with Padma Shri in 2001 and with the Sangli Bhushan in 2006. [http://news.oneindia.in/2006/04/30/patil-concerned-over-dwindling-girls-population-1146507010.html] Ranade was also awarded the Goa Puraskar in 1986 for his social work. 
Ranade has authored two books on Goa Liberation Movement:
He now runs a charitable organisation in Pune that sponsors education of students from economically backward backgrounds. He was chairman of the Goa Red Cross for over five years.

</doc>
<doc id="19167216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167216" title="Ministry of External Relations (Angola)">
Ministry of External Relations (Angola)

The Ministry of External Relations () is the Angolan government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Angola. Georges Rebelo Chicoti is the current foreign minister.

</doc>
<doc id="19167222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167222" title="Lower Price Hill Community School">
Lower Price Hill Community School

The Lower Price Hill Community School, Inc., is an adult education school in the Lower Price Hill neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio. Founded in 1971, it is housed in the former school building of 
St. Michael the Archangel Church. The school was originally focused on assisting the large population of Urban Appalachians in the neighborhood to obtain high school credentials through the GED exam. In 1983 it began to offer college-level classes as well through a relationship with Xavier University. The success of the program led to other proposed adult education facilities in similar neighborhoods. By 2002 the school had served more than 5,000 students. 
The school currently offers college course through Cincinnati State Technical and Community College as well as its GED and ESL programs. It provides free tuition and childcare services to students who attend classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19167259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167259" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bahamas)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bahamas)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the Bahamas government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Bahamas. The Current foreign affairs minister is the Honourable Brent Symonette who is also the Deputy Prime Minister of the Bahamas.

</doc>
<doc id="19167263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167263" title="Shamma Jain">
Shamma Jain

Shamma Jain is the current Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of India to the Republic of Ivory Coast with concurrent accreditation to Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea.
Early life and education.
Shamma Jain was born in Jammu & Kashmir, India. She was awarded the Chancellor’s Gold Medal for BA in Political Science at University of Jammu, Jammu & Kashmir, and then received her Masters and M.Phil. degrees from Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. She was the recipient of the UGC
Fellowship for M.Phil. programme.
Career.
Amidst India's emerging role in galvanizing the economic and political development of Ivory Coast, Shamma Jain has sought to deepen bilateral cooperation in commercial, diplomatic and cultural relations in the West Africa region through a more coherent energy strategy, multilateralism and ever-closer economic links, including dramatic enhancement of the level and volume of investment exchanges. She belongs to the elite Indian Foreign Service
Jain previously was the Deputy Chief of Mission at the Embassy of India in Rome. She has also served in the Permanent Delegation of India to UNESCO in Paris and as Political Counselor at the Indian Embassy in Washington DC, where she dealt with bilateral political and strategic ties. 
From 2003-2005, she served as the Deputy Chief of Mission in Manila, Philippines. Prior to this, she was the Director of SAARC with responsibility for advancing India's policy agenda in the South Asia region. Jain has also held diplomatic assignments in Turkey and Argentina. 
Ambassador Jain was the 2009 Commencement speaker at the University of Liberia, where she was awarded an honorary doctorate degree. She also served as the commencement speaker for the British Institute of Management and Technology's 2009 graduating class. She has one son, Ishan.

</doc>
<doc id="19167277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167277" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Belarus)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Belarus)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus (, BGN/PCGN: "Ministerstva zamezhnykh spraw Respubliki Belarus’"; , BGN/PCGN: "Ministerstvo inostrannykh del Respubliki Belarus’") is the Belarusian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Belarus.
The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Uladzimir Makei.

</doc>
<doc id="19167333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167333" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Belize)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Belize)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the Belize government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Belize.

</doc>
<doc id="19167342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167342" title="The Death of Adam">
The Death of Adam

The Death of Adam is the debut album by producer and rapper 88-Keys. Released on November 11, 2008, the album features guest appearances by Kanye West, Kid Cudi, J Davey, Redman, Bilal, Phonte of Little Brother, and alternative rock group Shitake Monkey.
Concept.
The album tells the story of an investigation surrounding the death of a man named Adam who was murdered in his Harlem loft apartment. During a recent interview in regards to the album's concept 88' stated:
The story is told instrumentally, while the featured artists help get the story across. 88' has described that his inspiration for the project derived from the thought, "What gives me pleasure?" 
Aside from tracks, the album's investigative story is told through visual means, particularly DCN 27 News pieces that were distributed on multiple video-sharing sites. In the faux news bulletins, local news reporter Chip Adams interviews various artists who apparently knew Adam to a certain extent and provide their feedback on his death.
The viral series includes cameos by Q-Tip, Consequence, Kid Cudi and Shitake Monkey.
The album's lead single, "Stay Up! (Viagra)", features 88’s executive producer of the project, Kanye West:

</doc>
<doc id="19167343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167343" title="Bordertown (TV miniseries)">
Bordertown (TV miniseries)

Bordertown is a 1995 Australian TV miniseries. It takes place in a post World War II refugee camp in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19167346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167346" title="Emily Murray Paterson">
Emily Murray Paterson

Emily Murray Paterson, R.S.W., S.W.A (1855–1934) was a Scottish artist, connected with the Glasgow School and member of the Society of Women Artists.
Life and work.
Emily Paterson was born in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1855. Her father was a solicitor. She studied at the Edinburgh College of Art as well as in Paris and lived at Albyn Place, Edinburgh before moving to London in 1917. She travelled widely between 1909 - 1934 visiting the Netherlands and Italy on a number of occasions. Her favoured subjects were landscapes, architecture and botany. She was elected member of the Royal Scottish Watercolour Society, Scottish Artists' Society and the Society of Women Artists.
Emily died in London on 23 July 1934 - a memorial exhibition was held at Walker's Gallery, London later the same year.
Exhibitions.
Paintings exhibited at the Royal Academy, London
Collections.
Her work can be found in many public and private collections including Manchester Art Gallery, Brighton Museum & Art Gallery, Wolverhampton Art Gallery and the McLean Museum and Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19167352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167352" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs and African Integration (Benin)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and African Integration (Benin)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and African Integration is the Benin government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Benin.

</doc>
<doc id="19167379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167379" title="Great Valley Center">
Great Valley Center

The Great Valley Center is a nonprofit organization that supports activities and organizations benefiting the economic, social, and environmental well-being of California's Central Valley. To accomplish its goals, the Great Valley Center operates leadership development programs, organizes conferences and regional events, and provides information and data to the public, nonprofits, policymakers and businesses.
History.
The Great Valley Center was founded in 1997 to serve the Central Valley. The Great Valley Center was provided startup funds by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, the James Irvine Foundation, and the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation. It is now affiliated with the University of California, Merced and continues to be supported by foundations, individuals, and corporations.
Organization.
The Great Valley Center is governed by a Board of Directors and run by the Center’s staff and partner organizations. These partner organizations include the University of California, Merced; businesses; foundations; other nonprofit organizations; faith-based organizations; community-based organizations; and local, state, regional, and federal government agencies. In addition, three Regional Advisory Boards and the Great Valley Center's Corporate Advisory Board support the Great Valley Center by providing feedback, information, resources, and advice. The three Regional Advisory Boards are the North Valley Advisory Board, the San Joaquin Valley Advisory Board, and the Sacramento Metropolitan Region Advisory Board. The Corporate Advisory Board is composed of firms and organizations interested in the Central Valley's well-being, including Citibank, AT&T, and Comcast.
Research.
The Renewable Energy Program has done research about renewable energy possibilities in the Central Valley. The research focused on the need for renewable energy, its benefits, its economic feasibility, and its practical implementation. Some groups that have used these reports include government, nonprofit, and commodity organizations.
In 2001, The Great Valley Center produced the Central Valley Survey in collaboration with the Public Policy Institute of California. The survey was designed to provide comprehensive, advocacy-free information on the opinions and public policy preferences of Central Valley residents. It also measured changes in these opinions over time and compared them with opinions of residents from other California regions. Some groups which used its data include government and nonprofit organizations.
The Great Valley Center produces indicator reports which collect statistics measuring the quality of life of Central Valley residents in a way that is easy for laypeople to understand. The reports compare the Central Valley against the state, other regions in California, and certain benchmarks, and recommend strategies for addressing the challenges of the Central Valley. Each report focuses on one of five different areas: the economy, the environment, community well-being, public health and access to care, and education and youth preparedness. The reports are produced roughly once a year on a five-report cycle. Some groups which use these data include government, nonprofit, and legal organizations.
Programs.
Current programs.
The Citi Success Fund, which is funded by Citibank, is a subset of the Land use, Economic development, Growth, Agriculture, Conservation, and Investment (LEGACI) grant program. The fund provides small cash grants to K-12 educators who develop programs which encourage at-risk students to stay in school. Only programs in certain subregions of the Central Valley are eligible and priority is given to programs which train students in financial literacy, teach them about career options, or help them search and apply for colleges.
The Agricultural Transactions Program (ATP) primarily funds conservation-related transactions in Yolo, Merced, and Stanislaus Counties, such as easements, fee title purchase and resale, purchase options on land, and purchase subdivision map entitlements. It also provides technical assistance and training to partner communities. educates land owners, land trusts, and land use professionals about how voluntary agricultural easements can be a profitable way to continue farming in areas with urban development pressures. 
The Great Valley Leadership Institute (GVLI) is a week-long leadership program for local elected officials. These officials must be serving on Boards of Supervisors, City Councils, and School Boards and must have been in office for at least one year.
The Institute for the Development of Emerging Area Leaders (IDEAL) is a regional leadership program for members of the Sacramento and San Joaquin Valleys. It teaches its fellows how to make collaborative community decisions about public affairs and educates them about issues concerning land use, economics, agriculture and conservation in the Central Valley.
In addition to doing research on renewable energy possibilities in the Central Valley, the renewable energy program also organized a bus tour. The bus tour featured experts who talked about and using manure, biomass, wind, fuel cells, solar energy, and hydrogen as power sources, as well as designs of energy-efficient schools and homes. 
Pixley Connect is a 3-year program bringing telecommunication access, education, and training to Pixley, a rural, predominantly Spanish-speaking community with below average income levels, education levels, and employment rates. The program aims to promote Pixley's economic development and improve the residents' quality of life. Some services Pixley Connect has provided to Pixley residents include computer access, high-speed internet, computer literacy training, and technical support classes.
Completed programs.
The Land use, Economic development, Growth, Agriculture, Conservation, and Investment (LEGACI) grant program issued nearly $5,000,000 in grants to nonprofit groups, community organizations, and local governments in the Central Valley between 1999 and 2004. The LEGACI program has since narrowed in focus to become the Citi Success Fund.
The Central Valley Digital Network (CVDN) trained and deployed AmeriCorps*VISTA (VISTA) Members into nonprofit organizations in order to bring technology to members of low-income communities in the Central Valley* from 2001–2005. Specifically, VISTA members helped non-profits use technology to improve their service delivery, provided technology literacy training, helped build a community technology center, and organized other technology-related projects.
Grant Advisory Boards for Youth gave Central Valley teenagers grant-making decisions in their communities between 2002 and 2005.
Community-based Assistance Programs sponsored a series of workshops for nonprofit organizations in San Joaquin, Stanislaus and Merced Counties until 2005. These workshops were designed to help nonprofits in three ways. First, they provided capacity building by facilitating technical assistance, training opportunities, and grant support. Second, they strengthened the infrastructure of capacity building resources by increasing access to support services, improving the regional distribution of existing resources, increasing the quantity and quality of capacity building assistance, and increasing the range of services available. Third, they supported and encouraged philanthropic investment in capacity building by addressing the need for capacity building, increasing awareness of the strategic value of investment in capacity building, and by working with grant making institutions to make effective investments in capacity building.
New Valley CONNEXIONS was a group of projects focusing on rural telecommunications; technology as it relates to industry, home construction, and urban planning; Highway 99; mapping and GIS; public policy as it relates to education; agri-food; and health services.
The Community, Aspiration, Teamwork, Action, Policy, Understanting, Leadership and Training (CATAPULT) was a youth leadership program which ran from 2003–2005. Five community partner organizations taught students leadership skills through retreats and policy-related community service projects.
The Great Valley Fellows Program was a program designed to teach college graduates about public policy issues facing the Central Valley. The program consisted of coursework, community immersion, apprenticeships, seminars, meetings with policy experts, tours, and training on facilitation, public speaking, and policy analysis.
Conferences and events.
The Great Valley Center organizes an Annual Conference featuring seminars about issues facing the Central Valley. Past topics have included land use, transportation, green building design, air quality, water, healthcare, youth, and education. Experts, policymakers, organizations, and residents attend and participate.
The Great Valley Center organizes the Sacramento Valley Forum, which focuses on issues and interests of the Sacramento Valley, such as air quality, transportation and flooding. Business and community leaders, government officials, farmers, environmentalists, and others attend.
The Great Valley Center is involved with several projects of the California Partnership for the San Joaquin Valley: the Center is responsible for four of its workgroups, organizes its annual summit, and produces its annual report. The Center leads the Advanced Communications Services workgroup; the Land Use, Housing, and Agriculture workgroup; and the Transportation workgroup. It also is jointly responsible for the Energy workgroup 
The Great Valley Center is involved with several projects of the San Joaquin Valley Blueprint, including convening meetings and regional summits, publishing the e-newsletter, and coordinating media efforts.
Awards.
In 1990, the Great Valley Center received the Olmsted medal by the American Society of Landscape Architects for environmental leadership, vision, and stewardship.
In 2008, the Great Valley Center received one of the Wilmer Shields Rich Awards for Excellence in Communications by the Council on Foundations. The Center received the Gold Award in the Special Report category for its publication "Our Valley. Our Choice."

</doc>
<doc id="19167400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167400" title="Lucien Plourde">
Lucien Plourde

Lucien Plourde (born 27 March 1930 at Saint-Augustin-de-Québec, Quebec) was a Ralliement Créditiste and Social Credit party
member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a grocer and teacher by career.
He was first elected at the Quebec West riding in the 1962 general election under the Social Credit party banner and re-elected there in 1963 under the Ralliement créditiste, following Plourde's support of Réal Caouette during the Social Credit party split. Plourde was defeated in the 1965 election by Jean Marchand of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19167413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167413" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bosnia and Herzegovina)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bosnia and Herzegovina)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (, , ) is the Bosnian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="19167415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167415" title="Glove (disambiguation)">
Glove (disambiguation)

A glove is a type of garment or utility which is designed to cover the human hand. There are gloves for:
Glove may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19167448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167448" title="Joyce Dunbar">
Joyce Dunbar

Joyce Dunbar (born 1944 in Scunthorpe, England) is an English writer. She primarily writes books for children, and has published over seventy books. Dunbar is perhaps best known for "Tell Me Something Happy Before I Go To Sleep", "This Is The Star", and the "Mouse And Mole" series. She is the mother of book author-illustrator Polly Dunbar.
Biography.
Dunbar was born in 1944 in Scunthorpe, England and is one of four children. Her father was a steel-worker and her mother was a fishing net maker. Dunbar grew up in Lincolnshire.
Dunbar attended Goldsmiths College in London, where she received a Bachelor of Arts in English. After that, she did several jobs, working as a nanny, a waitress, a barmaid, and a salesperson. In 1968, she started working as a teacher in a college drama department of Stratford-on-Avon, England. However, due to her gradual loss of hearing, Dunbar had to stop her teaching career and in 1989, she became a full-time writer.
Dunbar has two grown up children: Ben, a fashion photographer and Polly, an author illustrator. Dunbar currently lives in Norwich.
Career.
Writing.
Dunbar published her first children’s book at age 35.
In 1985, Dunbar published "Mundo And The Weather-Child" - a novel about the imaginary friend of a deaf child, which helped her become a runner up for the Guardian Fiction Award. In 1990, her book "A Bun for Barney" was made into an interactive video game by BBC Multimedia Corporation.
In 1998, she wrote "Tell Me Something Happy Before I Go To Sleep", which is recommended as a book to help children feel secure. In 2002 Dunbar did a book tour in the United States to promote this book. Her 2005 picture book "Shoe Baby", illustrated by her daughter Polly, was made into a puppet show and is part of the 2006 Brighton Festival.
Dunbar most well-known series, "Mouse and Mole", has been adapted into a twenty-six part television animation series by Grasshopper Productions, with voices lent by Alan Bennett and Richard Briers.
Other projects.
Being a person with a hearing impairment, Dunbar has participated in a number of campaigns on behalf of deaf people. In 1998, Dunbar cycled across Cuba in order to raise funds for the National Deaf Children's Society. Her journal "Cycle Cuba", a record of this event, was published in 1999. That same year, she had a trip to the Himalayas in support of the founding of a new ashram. Dunbar has also taught English writing for children from Greek island Skyros.
Dunbar is on the steering group for the In The Picture project run by SCOPE, which is about the representation of children with disability in picture books.

</doc>
<doc id="19167496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167496" title="Center for Women in Mathematics">
Center for Women in Mathematics

The Center for Women in Mathematics, a part of the Smith College Department of Mathematics and Statistics, is an American educational program founded in 2007 to increase the involvement of women in mathematics. The Center aims for students to engage in coursework and research in a mathematical environment that actively supports women.
Junior Program.
The Junior Program is designed for undergraduate women who wish to spend a year or a semester studying mathematics at a women's college. Financial aid funding is provided by the National Science Foundation.
Post-Baccalaureate Program.
The Post-Baccalaureate Program is geared towards women with bachelor's degrees who didn't major in mathematics as undergraduates or whose major was light. The post-baccalaureate program is funded through grants from Smith College and the National Science Foundation and students receive tuition waivers and living stipends.
Students of both programs are able to take classes not only at Smith College, but also at any other of the Five Colleges - Amherst, Mt. Holyoke and Hampshire Colleges and UMass Amherst, the last of which also offers graduate-level courses.
Other Programs.
Each year the Center hosts the Women in Mathematics in New England (WIMIN) Conference. The conference is open to submissions from prominent women mathematicians as well as both graduate and undergraduate students of mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="19167518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167518" title="William Allen (actor)">
William Allen (actor)

William Allen (died 1647) was a prominent English actor in the Caroline era. He belonged to both of the most important theatre companies of his generation, Queen Henrietta's Men and the King's Men.
Allen was a member of the Queen Henrietta's company through the main phase of its existence, from 1625 to 1636. Six cast lists for five plays survive for the company; Allen is one of only two men (the other being Michael Bowyer) who is included in all six lists. Allen played major roles:
The Queen Henrietta's company was disrupted and fractured by the long theatre closure from May 1636 to October 1637, due to a severe outbreak of bubonic plague. Allen was one of several members of the troupe who disappear from the surviving records in the later 1630s; he may have been among a quartet of Queen's actors who travelled to Dublin with James Shirley to work at the Werburgh Street Theatre there.
Allen was certainly in London c. 1640, when he was one of the five former Queen's players who became actors and sharers in the King's Men around that time. Allen and the others were named Grooms of the Chamber in January 1641. After the theatres were closed in September 1642 at the start of the English Civil War, Allen, like several other members of the company (Charles Hart, Nicholas Burt, and William Robbins), became an officer in the Royalist army. Allen served as a "major and quartermaster-general at Oxford." He was one of the ten King's Men who signed the dedication of the first Beaumont and Fletcher folio in 1647, the year of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19167552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167552" title="Environment of Palau">
Environment of Palau

The environment of Palau consists of a number of islands in the western Pacific Ocean. 
Biota.
The avifauna of Palau includes a total of 149 species, of which 10 are endemic, three have been introduced by humans, and 17 are rare or accidental. Three species are globally threatened.
Climate.
The Palau government are concerned about the effects of climate change on the island nation. In 2008 Palau requested that the UN Security Council consider protection against rising sea levels due to climate change.
Tommy Remengesau, the former president of Palau and now Senator, has said:
Palau has lost at least one third of its coral reefs due to climate change related weather patterns. We also lost most of our agricultural production due to drought and extreme high tides. These are not theoretical, scientific losses -- they are the losses of our resources and our livelihoods... For island states, time is not running out. It has run out. And our path may very well be the window to your own future and the future of our planet.
Geography.
Palau consists of eight principal islands and more than 250 smaller ones lying roughly 500 miles southeast of the Philippines. The islands of Palau constitute part of the Caroline Islands chain.

</doc>
<doc id="19167553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167553" title="Goat">
Goat

The domestic goat ("Capra aegagrus hircus") is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe. The goat is a member of the family Bovidae and is closely related to the sheep as both are in the goat-antelope subfamily Caprinae. There are over 300 distinct breeds of goat. Goats are one of the oldest domesticated species, and have been used for their milk, meat, hair, and skins over much of the world. In 2011, there were more than 924 million live goats around the globe, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization.
Female goats are referred to as "does" or "nannies", intact males as "bucks" or "billies", and their offspring are "kids". Castrated males are "wethers". Goat meat from younger animals is called "kid" or "cabrito" (Spanish), and from older animals is simply known as "goat" or sometimes called "chevon" (French), or in some areas "mutton" (which more often refers to adult sheep meat).
Etymology.
The Modern English word "goat" comes from Old English "gāt" "she-goat, goat in general", which in turn derives from Proto-Germanic *"gaitaz" (cf. Dutch/Icelandic "geit", German "Geiß", and Gothic "gaits"), ultimately from Proto-Indo-European "*ǵʰaidos" meaning "young goat" (cf. Latin "haedus" "kid"), itself perhaps from a root meaning "jump" (assuming that Old Church Slavonic "zajęcǐ" "hare", Sanskrit "jihīte" "he moves" are related). To refer to the male, Old English used "bucca" (giving modern "buck") until ousted by "hegote", "hegoote" in the late 12th century. "Nanny goat" (females) originated in the 18th century and "billy goat" (for males) in the 19th.
History.
Goats are among the earliest animals domesticated by humans. The most recent genetic analysis confirms the archaeological evidence that the wild Bezoar ibex of the Zagros Mountains are the likely origin of almost all domestic goats today.
Neolithic farmers began to herd wild goats for easy access to milk and meat, primarily, as well as for their dung, which was used as fuel, and their bones, hair, and sinew for clothing, building, and tools. The earliest remnants of domesticated goats dating 10,000 years before present are found in Ganj Dareh in Iran. Goat remains have been found at archaeological sites in Jericho, Choga Mami Djeitun and Çayönü, dating the domestication of goats in Western Asia at between 8000 and 9000 years ago.
Studies of DNA evidence suggests 10,000 years BP as the domestication date.
Historically, goat hide has been used for water and wine bottles in both traveling and transporting wine for sale. It has also been used to produce parchment.
Anatomy and health.
Goats are considered small livestock animals, compared to bigger animals such as cattle, camels and horses, but larger than microlivestock such as poultry, rabbits, cavies, and bees. Each recognized breed of goats has specific weight ranges, which vary from over 300 lbs for bucks of larger breeds such as the Boer, to 45 to 60 lbs for smaller goat does. Within each breed, different strains or bloodlines may have different recognized sizes. At the bottom of the size range are miniature breeds such as the African Pigmy, which stand 16 to 23 inches at the shoulder as adults.
Most goats naturally have two horns, of various shapes and sizes depending on the breed. Goats have horns unless they are "polled" (meaning, genetically hornless) or the horns have been removed, typically soon after birth. There have been incidents of polycerate goats (having as many as eight horns), although this is a genetic rarity thought to be inherited. The horns are most typically removed in commercial dairy goat herds, to reduce the injuries to humans and other goats. Unlike cattle, goats have not been successfully bred to be reliably polled, as the genes determining sex and those determining horns are closely linked. Breeding together two genetically polled goats results in a high number of intersex individuals among the offspring, which are typically sterile. Their horns are made of living bone surrounded by keratin and other proteins, and are used for defense, dominance, and territoriality.
Goats are ruminants. They have a four-chambered stomach consisting of the rumen, the reticulum, the omasum, and the abomasum. As with other mammal ruminants, they are even-toed ungulates. The females have an udder consisting of two teats, in contrast to cattle, which have four teats.
Goats have horizontal, slit-shaped pupils. Because goats' irises are usually pale, their contrasting pupils are much more noticeable than in animals such as cattle, deer, most horses and many sheep, whose similarly horizontal pupils blend into a dark iris and sclera. This adaptation allows goats to see at least 320 degrees around their heads with no blind spot in front of them.
Both male and female goats have beards, and many types of goat (most commonly dairy goats, dairy-cross Boers, and pygmy goats) may have wattles, one dangling from each side of the neck.
Some breeds of sheep and goats look similar, but they can usually be told apart because goat tails are short and usually point up, whereas sheep tails hang down and are usually longer and bigger – though some (like those of Northern European short-tailed sheep) are short, and longer ones are often docked.
Reproduction.
Goats reach puberty between three and 15 months of age, depending on breed and nutritional status. Many breeders prefer to postpone breeding until the doe has reached 70% of the adult weight. However, this separation is rarely possible in extensively managed, open-range herds.
In temperate climates and among the Swiss breeds, the breeding season commences as the day length shortens, and ends in early spring or before. In equatorial regions, goats are able to breed at any time of the year. Successful breeding in these regions depends more on available forage than on day length. Does of any breed or region come into estrus (heat) every 21 days for two to 48 hours. A doe in heat typically flags (vigorously wags) her tail often, stays near the buck if one is present, becomes more vocal, and may also show a decrease in appetite and milk production for the duration of the heat.
Bucks (intact males) of Swiss and northern breeds come into rut in the fall as with the does' heat cycles. Bucks of equatorial breeds may show seasonal reduced fertility, but as with the does, are capable of breeding at all times. Rut is characterized by a decrease in appetite and obsessive interest in the does. A buck in rut will display flehmen lip curling and will urinate on his forelegs and face. Sebaceous scent glands at the base of the horns add to the male goat's odor, which is important to make him attractive to the female. Some does will not mate with a buck which has been descented.
In addition to natural mating, artificial insemination has gained popularity among goat breeders, as it allows easy access to a wide variety of bloodlines.
Gestation length is approximately 150 days. Twins are the usual result, with single and triplet births also common. Less frequent are litters of quadruplet, quintuplet, and even sextuplet kids. Birthing, known as kidding, generally occurs uneventfully. Just before kidding, the doe will have a sunken area around the tail and hip, as well as heavy breathing. She may have a worried look, become restless and display great affection for her keeper. The mother often eats the placenta, which gives her much-needed nutrients, helps stanch her bleeding, and parallels the behavior of wild herbivores, such as deer, to reduce the lure of the birth scent for predators.
Freshening (coming into milk production) occurs at kidding. Milk production varies with the breed, age, quality, and diet of the doe; dairy goats generally produce between 660 and 1,800 l (1,500 and 4,000 lb) of milk per 305-day lactation. On average, a good quality dairy doe will give at least 6 lb (2.7 l) of milk per day while she is in milk. A first-time milker may produce less, or as much as 16 lb (7.3 l), or more of milk in exceptional cases. After the lactation, the doe will "dry off", typically after she has been bred. Occasionally, goats that have not been bred and are continuously milked will continue lactation beyond the typical 305 days. Meat, fibre, and pet breeds are not usually milked and simply produce enough for the kids until weaning.
Male lactation is also known to occur in goats.
Diet.
Goats are reputed to be willing to eat almost anything, including tin cans and cardboard boxes. While goats will not actually eat inedible material, they are browsing animals, not grazers like cattle and sheep, and (coupled with their highly curious nature) will chew on and taste just about anything remotely resembling plant matter to decide whether it is good to eat, including cardboard, clothing and paper (such as labels from tin cans). Another possibility is goats are curious about the unusual smells of leftover food in discarded cans or boxes.
Goats prefer to browse on vines, such as kudzu, on shrubbery and on weeds, more like deer than sheep, preferring them to grasses. Nightshade is poisonous; wilted fruit tree leaves can also kill goats. Silage (fermented corn stalks) and haylage (fermented grass hay) can be used if consumed immediately after opening - goats are particularly sensitive to "Listeria" bacteria that can grow in fermented feeds. Alfalfa, a high-protein plant, is widely fed as hay; fescue is the least palatable and least nutritious hay. Mold in a goat's feed can make it sick and possibly kill it. Goats should not be fed grass showing any signs of mold.
The digestive physiology of a very young kid (like the young of other ruminants) is essentially the same as that of a monogastric animal. Milk digestion begins in the abomasum, the milk having bypassed the rumen via closure of the reticuloesophageal groove during suckling. At birth, the rumen is undeveloped, but as the kid begins to consume solid feed, the rumen soon increases in size and in its capacity to absorb nutrients.
The adult size of a particular goat is a product of its breed (genetic potential) and its diet while growing (nutritional potential.) As with all livestock, increased protein diets (10 to 14%) and sufficient calories during the prepuberty period yield higher growth rates and larger eventual size than lower protein rates and limited calories. Large-framed goats, with a greater skeletal size, reach mature weight at a later age (36 to 42 months) than small-framed goats (18 to 24 months) if both are fed to their full potential. Large-framed goats need more calories than small-framed goats for maintenance of daily functions.
Behavior.
Goats are extremely curious and intelligent. They are also very coordinated and widely known for their ability to climb and hold their balance in the most precarious places. This makes them the only ruminant able to climb trees, although the tree generally has to be on somewhat of an angle. Due to their agility and inquisitiveness, they are notorious for escaping their pens by testing fences and enclosures, either intentionally or simply because they are handy to climb on. If any of the fencing can be spread, pushed over or down, or otherwise be overcome, the goats will almost inevitably escape. Due to their high intelligence, once a goat has discovered a weakness in the fence, it will exploit it repeatedly, and other goats will observe and quickly learn the same method.
Goats have an intensely inquisitive and intelligent nature; they will explore anything new or unfamiliar in their surroundings. They do so primarily with their prehensile upper lip and tongue. This is why they investigate items such as buttons, camera cases or clothing (and many other things besides) by nibbling at them, occasionally even eating them.
When handled as a group, goats tend to display less clumping behavior than sheep, and when grazing undisturbed, tend to spread across the field or range, rather than feed side-by-side as do sheep. When nursing young, goats will leave their kids separated ("lying out") rather than clumped as do sheep. They will generally turn and face an intruder and bucks are more likely to charge or butt at humans than are rams.
Diseases.
While goats are generally considered hardy animals and in many situations receive little medical care, they are subject to a number of diseases. Among the conditions affecting goats are respiratory diseases including pneumonia, foot rot, internal parasites, pregnancy toxosis and feed toxicity.
Goats can become infected with various viral and bacterial diseases, such as foot-and-mouth disease, caprine arthritis encephalitis, caseous lymphadenitis, pinkeye, mastitis, and pseudorabies. They can transmit a number of zoonotic diseases to people, such as tuberculosis, brucellosis, Q-fever, and rabies.
Life expectancy.
Life expectancy for goats is between fifteen and eighteen years. An instance of a goat reaching the age of 24 has been reported.
Several factors can reduce this average expectancy; problems during kidding can lower a doe's expected life span to ten or eleven, and stresses of going into rut can lower a buck's expected life span to eight to ten years.
Agriculture.
A goat is useful to humans when it is living and when it is dead, first as a renewable provider of milk, manure, and fiber, and then as meat and hide. Some charities provide goats to impoverished people in poor countries, because goats are easier and cheaper to manage than cattle, and have multiple uses. In addition, goats are used for driving and packing purposes.
The intestine of goats is used to make "catgut", which is still in use as a material for internal human surgical sutures and strings for musical instruments. The horn of the goat, which signifies plenty and wellbeing (the cornucopia), is also used to make spoons.
Worldwide goat population statistics.
According to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), the top producers of goat milk in 2008 were India (4 million metric tons), Bangladesh (2.16 million metric tons) and the Sudan (1.47 million metric tons).
Husbandry.
Husbandry, or animal care and use, varies by region and culture. The particular housing used for goats depends not only on the intended use of the goat, but also on the region of the world where they are raised. Historically, domestic goats were generally kept in herds that wandered on hills or other grazing areas, often tended by goatherds who were frequently children or adolescents, similar to the more widely known shepherd. These methods of herding are still used today.
In some parts of the world, especially Europe and North America, distinct breeds of goats are kept for dairy (milk) and for meat production. Excess male kids of dairy breeds are typically slaughtered for meat. Both does and bucks of meat breeds may be slaughtered for meat, as well as older animals of any breed. The meat of older bucks (more than one year old) is generally considered not desirable for meat for human consumption. Castration at a young age prevents the development of typical buck odor.
Dairy goats are generally pastured in summer and may be stabled during the winter. As dairy does are milked daily, they are generally kept close to the milking shed. Their grazing is typically supplemented with hay and concentrates. Stabled goats may be kept in stalls similar to horses, or in larger group pens. In the US system, does are generally rebred annually. In some European commercial dairy systems, the does are bred only twice, and are milked continuously for several years after the second kidding.
Meat goats are more frequently pastured year-round, and may be kept many miles from barns. Angora and other fiber breeds are also kept on pasture or range. Range-kept and pastured goats may be supplemented with hay or concentrates, most frequently during the winter or dry seasons.
In India, Nepal, and much of Asia, goats are kept largely for milk production, both in commercial and household settings. The goats in this area may be kept closely housed or may be allowed to range for fodder. The Salem Black goat is herded to pasture in fields and along roads during the day, but is kept penned at night for safe-keeping.
In Africa and the Mideast, goats are typically run in flocks with sheep. This maximizes the production per acre, as goats and sheep prefer different food plants. Multiple types of goat-raising are found in Ethiopia, where four main types have been identified: pastured in annual crop systems, in perennial crop systems, with cattle, and in arid areas, under pastoral (nomadic) herding systems. In all four systems, however, goats were typically kept in extensive systems, with few purchased inputs. Household goats are traditionally kept in Nigeria. While many goats are allowed to wander the homestead or village, others are kept penned and fed in what is called a 'cut-and-carry' system. This type of husbandry is also used in parts of Latin America. Cut-and-carry, which refers to the practice of cutting down grasses, corn or cane for feed rather than allowing the animal access to the field, is particularly suited for types of feed, such as corn or cane, that are easily destroyed by trampling.
Pet goats may be found in many parts of the world when a family keeps one or more animals for emotional reasons rather than as production animals. It is becoming more common for goats to be kept exclusively as pets in North America and Europe.
Meat.
The taste of goat kid meat is similar to that of spring lamb meat; in fact, in the English-speaking islands of the Caribbean, and in some parts of Asia, particularly Bangladesh, Pakistan and India, the word “mutton” is used to describe both goat and lamb meat. However, some compare the taste of goat meat to veal or venison, depending on the age and condition of the goat. Its flavor is said to be primarily linked to the presence of 4-methyloctanoic and 4-methylnonanoic acid. It can be prepared in a variety of ways, including stewing, baking, grilling, barbecuing, canning, and frying; it can be minced, curried, or made into sausage. Due to its low fat content, the meat can toughen at high temperatures if cooked without additional moisture. One of the most popular goats grown for meat is the South African Boer, introduced into the United States in the early 1990s. The New Zealand Kiko is also considered a meat breed, as is the myotonic or "fainting goat", a breed originating in Tennessee.
Milk, butter and cheese.
Goats produce about 2% of the world's total annual milk supply. Some goats are bred specifically for milk. If the strong-smelling buck is not separated from the does, his scent will affect the milk.
Goat milk naturally has small, well-emulsified fat globules, which means the cream remains suspended in the milk, instead of rising to the top, as in raw cow milk; therefore, it does not need to be homogenized. Indeed, if the milk is to be used to make cheese, homogenization is not recommended, as this changes the structure of the milk, impacting the culture's ability to coagulate the milk and the final quality and yield of cheese.
Dairy goats in their prime (generally around the third or fourth lactation cycle) average 6 to 8 lb (2.7 to 3.6 kg) of milk production daily (roughly 3 to 4 US quarts (2.7 to 3.6 liters)) during a ten-month lactation, producing more just after freshening and gradually dropping in production toward the end of their lactation. The milk generally averages 3.5% butterfat.
Goat milk is commonly processed into cheese, butter, ice cream, yogurt, "cajeta" and other products. Goat cheese is known as "chèvre" in France, after the French word for "goat". Some varieties include Rocamadour and Montrachet. Goat butter is white because goats produce milk with the yellow beta-carotene converted to a colorless form of vitamin A.
Nutrition.
The American Academy of Pediatrics discourages feeding infants milk derived from goats. An April 2010 case report summarizes their recommendation and presents "a comprehensive review of the consequences associated with this dangerous practice", also stating, "Many infants are exclusively fed unmodified goat's milk as a result of cultural beliefs as well as exposure to false online information. Anecdotal reports have described a host of morbidities associated with that practice, including severe electrolyte abnormalities, metabolic acidosis, megaloblastic anemia, allergic reactions including life-threatening anaphylactic shock, hemolytic uremic syndrome, and infections." Untreated caprine brucellosis results in a 2% case fatality rate. According to the USDA, doe milk is not recommended for human infants because it contains "inadequate quantities of iron, folate, vitamins C and D, thiamine, niacin, vitamin B6, and pantothenic acid to meet an infant’s nutritional needs" and may cause harm to an infant's kidneys and could cause metabolic damage.
The Department of Health in the United Kingdom has repeatedly released statements stating on various occasions that "Goats' milk is not suitable for babies, and infant formulas and follow-on formulas based on goats' milk protein have not been approved for use in Europe", and "infant milks based on goats' milk protein are not suitable as a source of nutrition for infants."
Also according to the Canadian Federal Health Department - Health Canada, most of the dangers or counter-indication of feeding unmodified goat milk to infants, are similar to those incurring in the same practice with cow's milk, namely in the allergic reactions.
On the other hand, some farming groups promote the practice. For example, Small Farm Today in 2005 claimed beneficial use in invalid and convalescent diets, proposing that glycerol ethers, possibly important in nutrition for nursing infants, are much higher in doe milk than in cow milk. A 1970 book on animal breeding claimed doe milk differs from cow or human milk by having higher digestibility, distinct alkalinity, higher buffering capacity, and certain therapeutic values in human medicine and nutrition. George Mateljan suggested doe milk can replace ewe milk or cow milk in diets of those who are allergic to certain mammals' milk. However, like cow milk, doe milk has lactose (sugar), and may cause gastrointestinal problems for individuals with lactose intolerance. In fact, the level of lactose is similar to that of bovine milk.
These compositions vary by breed, animal, and point in the lactation period.
Fiber.
The Angora breed of goats produces long, curling, lustrous locks of mohair. The entire body of the goat is covered with mohair and there are no guard hairs. The locks constantly grow to four inches or more in length. Angora crossbreeds, such as the pygora and the nigora, have been created to produce mohair and/or cashgora on a smaller, easier-to-manage animal.
The wool is shorn twice a year, with an average yield of about 10 pounds.
Most goats have softer insulating hairs nearer the skin, and longer guard hairs on the surface. The desirable fiber for the textile industry is the former, and it goes by several names (down, cashmere and pashmina). The coarse guard hairs are of little value as they are too coarse, difficult to spin and difficult to dye. The cashmere goat produces a commercial quantity of cashmere wool, which is one of the most expensive natural fibers commercially produced; cashmere is very fine and soft. The cashmere goat fiber is harvested once a year, yielding around 9 ounces (200 g) of down.
In South Asia, cashmere is called "pashmina" (from Persian "pashmina", "fine wool").
In the 18th and early 19th centuries, Kashmir (then called Cashmere by the English), had a thriving industry producing shawls from goat down imported from Tibet and Tartary through Ladakh. The shawls were introduced into Western Europe when the General in Chief of the French campaign in Egypt (1799–1802) sent one to Paris. Since these shawls were produced in the upper Kashmir and Ladakh region, the wool came to be known as "cashmere".
Land clearing.
Goats have been used by humans to clear unwanted vegetation for centuries. They have been described as "eating machines" and "biological control agents". There has been a resurgence of this in North America since 1990, when herds were used to clear dry brush from California hillsides thought to be endangered by potential wildfires. This form of using goats to clear land is sometimes known as conservation grazing. Since then, numerous public and private agencies have hired private herds to perform similar tasks. This practice has become popular in the Pacific Northwest, where they are used to remove invasive species not easily removed by humans, including (thorned) blackberry vines and poison oak.
Use for medical training.
As a goat's anatomy and physiology is not too dissimilar from that of human, some countries' militaries use goats to train combat medics. In the United States, goats have become the main animal species used for this purpose after Pentagon phased using dogs for medical training in the 1980s. While modern mannequins used in medical training are quite efficient in simulating the behavior of a human body, trainees feel that "the goat exercise provide a sense of urgency that only real life trauma can provide".
Breeds.
Goat breeds fall into overlapping, general categories. They are generally distributed in those used for dairy, fiber, meat, skins, and as companion animals. Some breeds are also particularly noted as pack goats.
Showing.
Goat breeders' clubs frequently hold shows, where goats are judged on traits relating to conformation, udder quality, evidence of high production, longevity, build and muscling (meat goats and pet goats) and fiber production and the fiber itself (fiber goats). People who show their goats usually keep registered stock and the offspring of award-winning animals command a higher price. Registered goats, in general, are usually higher-priced if for no other reason than that records have been kept proving their ancestry and the production and other data of their sires, dams, and other ancestors. A registered doe is usually less of a gamble than buying a doe at random (as at an auction or sale barn) because of these records and the reputation of the breeder.
Children's clubs such as 4-H also allow goats to be shown. Children's shows often include a showmanship class, where the cleanliness and presentation of both the animal and the exhibitor as well as the handler's ability and skill in handling the goat are scored. In a showmanship class, conformation is irrelevant since this is not what is being judged.
Various "Dairy Goat Scorecards" (milking does) are systems used for judging shows in the US. The American Dairy Goat Association (ADGA) scorecard for an adult doe includes a point system of a hundred total with major categories that include general appearance, the dairy character of a doe (physical traits that aid and increase milk production), body capacity, and specifically for the mammary system. Young stock and bucks are judged by different scorecards which place more emphasis on the other three categories; general appearance, body capacity, and dairy character.
The American Goat Society (AGS) has a similar, but not identical scorecard that is used in their shows. The miniature dairy goats may be judged by either of the two scorecards. The "Angora Goat scorecard" used by the Colored Angora Goat Breeder's Association CAGBA (which covers the white and the colored goats) includes evaluation of an animal's fleece color, density, uniformity, fineness, and general body confirmation. Disqualifications include: a deformed mouth, broken down pasterns, deformed feet, crooked legs, abnormalities of testicles, missing testicles, more than 3 inch split in scrotum, and close-set or distorted horns.
Religion, mythology and folklore.
According to Norse mythology, the god of thunder, Thor, has a chariot that is pulled by the goats Tanngrisnir and Tanngnjóstr. At night when he sets up camp, Thor eats the meat of the goats, but takes care that all bones remain whole. Then he wraps the remains up, and in the morning, the goats always come back to life to pull the chariot. When a farmer's son who is invited to share the meal breaks one of the goats' leg bones to suck the marrow, the animal's leg remains broken in the morning, and the boy is forced to serve Thor as a servant to compensate for the damage.
Possibly related, the Yule Goat is one of the oldest Scandinavian and Northern European Yule and Christmas symbols and traditions. Yule Goat originally denoted the goat that was slaughtered around Yule, but it may also indicate a goat figure made out of straw. It is also used about the custom of going door-to-door singing carols and getting food and drinks in return, often fruit, cakes and sweets. "Going Yule Goat" is similar to the British custom wassailing, both with heathen roots. The Gävle Goat is a giant version of the Yule Goat, erected every year in the Swedish city of Gävle.
The Greek god Pan is said to have the upper body of a man and the horns and lower body of a goat. Pan was a very lustful god, nearly all of the myths involving him had to do with him chasing nymphs. He is also credited with creating the pan flute.
The goat is one of the twelve-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar. Each animal is associated with certain personality traits; those born in a year of the goat are predicted to be shy, introverted, creative, and perfectionist.
Several mythological hybrid creatures are believed to consist of parts of the goat, including the Chimera. The Capricorn sign in the Western zodiac is usually depicted as a goat with a fish's tail. Fauns and satyrs are mythological creatures that are part goat and part human. The mineral bromine is named from the Greek word "brόmos", which means "stench of he-goats".
Goats are mentioned many times in the Bible. A goat is considered a "clean" animal by Jewish dietary laws and was slaughtered for an honored guest. It was also acceptable for some kinds of sacrifices. Goat-hair curtains were used in the tent that contained the tabernacle (Exodus 25:4). Its horns can be used instead of sheep's horn to make a shofar. On Yom Kippur, the festival of the Day of Atonement, two goats were chosen and lots were drawn for them. One was sacrificed and the other allowed to escape into the wilderness, symbolically carrying with it the sins of the community. From this comes the word "scapegoat". A leader or king was sometimes compared to a male goat leading the flock. In the New Testament, Jesus told a parable of the Sheep and the Goats (Gospel of Matthew 25).
Popular Christian folk tradition in Europe associated Satan with imagery of goats. A common superstition in the Middle Ages was that goats whispered lewd sentences in the ears of the saints. The origin of this belief was probably the behavior of the buck in rut, the very epitome of lust. The common medieval depiction of the Devil was that of a goat-like face with horns and small beard (a goatee). The Black Mass, a probably-mythological "Satanic mass", was said to involve a black goat, the form in which Satan supposedly manifested himself for worship.
The goat has had a lingering connection with Satanism and pagan religions, even into modern times. The inverted pentagram, a symbol used in Satanism, is said to be shaped like a goat's head. The "Baphomet of Mendes" refers to a satanic goat-like figure from 19th-century occultism.
The common Russian surname "Kozlov" (), means "goat". Goatee refers to a style of facial hair incorporating hair on a man’s chin, so named because of some similarity to a goat's facial feature.
Feral goats.
Goats readily revert to the wild (become feral) if given the opportunity. The only domestic animal known to return to feral life as swiftly is the cat. Feral goats have established themselves in many areas: they occur in Australia, New Zealand, Great Britain, the Galapagos and in many other places. When feral goats reach large populations in habitats which are not adapted to them, they may have serious effects, such as removing native scrub, trees and other vegetation. Feral goats are common in Australia. However, in other circumstances they may become a natural component of the habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="19167556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167556" title="Transport in Keihanshin">
Transport in Keihanshin

Transport in Keihanshin is much like that of the Tokyo, includes public and private rail and highway networks; airports for international, domestic, and general aviation; buses; motorcycle delivery services, walking, bicycling, and commercial shipping. The nexus is in the central part of Osaka, though Kobe and Kyoto are major centers in their own right. Every part of Keihanshin has rail or road transport services. The sea and air transport is available from limited number of ports for general public.
Public transport within Keihanshin is dominated by an extensive public transit system, beginning with an urban rail network second only to that of Greater Tokyo, consisting of over seventy railway lines of surface trains and subways run by numerous operators; buses, monorails, and trams support the primary rail network. Over 13 million people use the public transit system daily as their primary means of travel. Like Tokyo, walking and bicycling are much more common than in many cities around the globe. Trips by bicycle (including joint trips with railway) in Osaka is at 32.3% with railway trips having the highest share at 36.2%. Private automobiles and motorcycles play a secondary role in urban transport with private automobiles only having a 9.5% modal share in Osaka.
Airports.
Primary.
Osaka Airport (Itami Airport) is the main domestic airport, and busiest, followed by 
Kansai International Airport, the main international airport in the region. Kobe Airport is the region's newest airport, and has mostly domestic services, with a few international charter flights.
Secondary.
Yao Airport serves the area's general aviation needs. Still further across Osaka Bay into Shikoku lies Tokushima Airport, also capable of handling large planes, and a possible alternative airport for the region. (for evacuation, disaster relief, emergency landings, cargo, overload etc.).
There are also a number of JASDF military facilities.
Rail.
The rail network in Keihanshin is very dense, with the average number of daily passengers topping 13 million. Railway usage and density is similar to that of Greater Tokyo, despite the smaller population base of Keihanshin, like in Tokyo, few free maps exist of the entire network, most show only the stations of a particular company, and whole network (See this map of Keihanshin's rail network) often are confusing simply because they are so large. In addition to above-ground and below-ground rail lines, the Sanyō and Tōkaidō Shinkansen serve as the backbone of intercity rail transport.
Rail Ridership.
Following table lists annual ridership in millions of passengers a year, average daily in parenthesis.
Note above table does not yet include figures for Kobe Municipal Subway, Kitakyu, Kobe New Transit, Kobe Rapid, Nosenden, or Shintetsu.
Buses.
There are numerous private and public bus companies with hundreds of routes throughout the region. Most bus routes complement existing rail service to form an effective intermodal transit network.
Taxis.
Taxis also serve a similar role to buses, supplementing the rail system, especially after midnight when most rail lines cease to operate. Persons moving around the city on business often chose taxis for convenience, as do people setting out in small groups.
Roads.
National, prefectural, and local roads crisscross the region.
Maritime transport.
Passenger ferries.
Osaka's international ferry connections are far greater than Tokyo's, mostly due to geography. There are international ferries that leave Osaka for Shanghai, Korea, and until recently Taiwan. Osaka's domestic ferry services include regular service to ports such as Shimonoseki, Kagoshima, and Okinawa.
Shipping.
Shipping plays a crucial role for movign freight in and out of the Keihanshin area. Although in the 1970s the port of Kobe was the busiest in the world by containers handled, it no longer ranks among the top twenty worldwide. Kansai area is home to 5 existing LNG terminals.
Other modes.
Scooters.
Scooters, as in Tokyo, were once quite popular in the 1990s, but have declined in popularity as people reverted to using bicycles and walking for short trips, and cars for longer ones. They are commonly used by individuals for buying groceries and short in town trips, as well as commercially for delivery of small items by food or household delivery services.

</doc>
<doc id="19167596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167596" title="Polly Dunbar">
Polly Dunbar

Polly Dunbar (born in Cotswolds) is an author-illustrator. Dunbar is known for her self-illustrated books "Dog Blue", "Flyaway Katie" and "Penguin". She is the daughter of children's book writer Joyce Dunbar, whom she worked with to publish the picture book "Shoe Baby". She is also the illustrator for "Here's a Little Poem" by Jane Yolen and Andrew Fusek Peters, and "My Dad's a Birdman" by David Almond.
Biography.
Dunbar was born in the Cotswolds and moved to Stratford upon Avon when she was an eight-month-old. She went to school there until she was eleven and moved to Norwich with her family. There she attended City of Norwich School and Norwich Art school, now known as Norwich University College of the Arts . She started writing and illustrating at age 16, when she published two books - which she describes as "cartoon books inspired by teenage antics". She went to Brighton university and graduated in 1999 with a degree in illustration.
As of February 2008, Dunbar lives in Brighton, England.
Career.
Dunbar published "Dog Blue" and "Flyaway Katie" in 2004. The following year, she co-operated with her mother, author Joyce Dunbar, to produce the picture book "Shoe Baby". Dunbar's 2007 book "Penguin" is her most critically successful book to date, winning the Booktrust Early Years Awards in pre-school category. and the silver award in the Nestle Children's Book Prize for children under five years old. Dunbar is also the illustrator for "Here's A Little Poem" which is on the IBBY honour's book list for 2008.
Polly Dunbar was named "Most promising new illustrator" in Publisher Weekly's Cuffie Awards in 2004. In 2008, she is featured in The Times's list of "The best new picture book illustrators".

</doc>
<doc id="19167599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167599" title="National Center for Injury Prevention and Control">
National Center for Injury Prevention and Control

The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention National Center for Injury Prevention and Control's mission is to provide leadership in preventing and controlling injuries, i.e., reducing the incidence, severity, and adverse outcomes of injury, the leading cause of death for those aged 1 – 44. A 1985 National Research Council report entitled "Injury in America" recommended that Congress establish a new program at the CDC to address the problem of injury. Initially the program was supported with funds from the United States Department of Transportation. In 1990 Congress passed the Injury Control Act which authorized the program within CDC. This is a US government agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19167606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167606" title="Saúl Balagura">
Saúl Balagura

Saúl Balagura (born 1943) is a Colombian artist and poet. 
Life.
Saúl Balagura was born in Cali, Colombia, in 1943. Both his parents were Romanian-Jews who fled the country during the pogroms against the Jews in Romania.
In his early ages, he discovered his passion for art and poetry. At age seventeen had his first solo exhibition. Throughout his life he moved in parallel universes of arts and sciences. The self-taught artist holds a M.D. from University of Valle, a Ph.D. in Psychology from Princeton University, and a Neurosurgery degree from Albert Einstein Medical Center. In 1994 he retired from the world of science and opened a studio, first in Tesuque, New Mexico and since 2006 in Houston, Texas.
His expressionistic work is a direct result of the interaction of his background with artistic influences from artists as varied as Willem de Kooning, Eduardo Guayasamin, el Greco, Pablo Neruda and Gabriel García Márquez. Balagura also writes poems that go along with his paintings. His work has been exhibited in galleries and museums throughout the United States.
In 2008, Holocaust Museum Houston presented his series about the Holocaust called "In Search of Hope" in downtown Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19167618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167618" title="Pyrotechnica">
Pyrotechnica

Pyrotechnica is a 1995 3D first-person and third-person shooter video game developed and published by Psygnosis for the DOS platform.
The game was not as successful as peers such as Descent, but was notable for its highly regarded soundtrack and retro-inspired graphical style.
Storyline.
The action is set in the cores of ancient stars, where information capsules have been placed by ancient civilisations. Space stations have been built at these locations. However, "wingmen", adventurers hired by the "Terran Hardlight Corporation" who have been working in these locations using their own individual craft, have been captured by "adherents", alien cyborgs programmed to defend the precious capsules. The player must pilot his or her own ship and battle the adherents in a bid to free the captured wingmen.
Gameplay.
Gameplay takes place in a zero-G 3D environment, a stylised representation of a space station. Players must use their ship's weaponry to destroy enemy ships and complete certain tasks before using an exit portal.
Graphical style.
The environment has a somewhat retro feel due to the use of right-angles, a black background, and squares filled with a single colour. These evoke earlier eras of video gaming, in contrast to similar 3D games of the time which attempted a high degree of realism. "Pyrotechnica" bears a particular similarity to the 1989 title Interphase.
Development.
The game runs on DOS and Windows 95 and requires at least a 486DX processor. The game doesn't run on 386 or 486SX machines due to the lack of a floating-point unit co-processor. Graphics techniques used include gouraud shading.

</doc>
<doc id="19167644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167644" title="Toilet">
Toilet

A toilet is a sanitation fixture used primarily for the disposal of human urine and feces. They are often found in a small room referred to as a toilet/bathroom/lavatory. Flush toilets, which are common in many parts of the world, may be connected to a nearby septic tank or more commonly in urban areas via "large" () sewer pipe connected to a sewerage pipe system. The water and waste from many different sources is piped in large pipes to a more distant sewage treatment plant. Chemical toilets are used in mobile and many temporary situations where there is no access to sewerage, dry toilets, including pit toilets and composting toilet require no or little water with excreta being removed manually or composted in situ.
Ancient civilizations used toilets attached to simple flowing water sewage systems included those of the Indus Valley Civilization, e.g., Harappa and Mohenjo-daro which are located in present day India and Pakistan and also the Romans and Egyptians. Although a precursor to the modern flush toilet system was designed in 1596 by John Harington, such systems did not come into widespread use until the late nineteenth century. Thomas Crapper was one of the early makers of toilets in England.
Diseases, including cholera which still affects some 3 million people each year, can be largely prevented when effective sanitation and water treatment prevents fecal matter from contaminating waterways, groundwater and drinking water supplies. Infected water supplies can be treated to make the water safe for consumption and use. There have been five main cholera outbreaks and pandemics since 1825. In London alone, the second killed 14,137 people in 1849, and the third took 10,738 lives in 1853-54. 
In 1849 the English physician John Snow published a paper "On the Mode of Communication of Cholera", in which he suggested that cholera might be water born. During the 1854 epidemic, he collected and analyzed data establishing that people who drank water from contaminated sources such as the Broad Street pump died of cholera at much higher rates than those who got water elsewhere.
According to "The Global Water Supply and Sanitation Assessment 2000" by the World Health Organization, 40% of the global population does not have access to "good" "excreta disposal facilities"—they live mostly in Asia and Africa. There are efforts being made to design simple effective squat toilets for these people. Usually, they are made by digging a hole, then installing a premade plastic squat toilet seat atop this hole, covering the walls with canvas.
History.
Ancient civilizations.
According to Teresi et al. (2002):
The third millennium BC was the "Age of Cleanliness." Toilets and sewers were invented in several parts of the world, and Mohenjo-Daro circa 2800 BC had some of the most advanced, with lavatories built into the outer walls of houses. These were primitive "Western-style" toilets made from bricks with wooden seats on top. They had vertical chutes, through which waste fell into street drains or cesspits. Sir Mortimer Wheeler, the director general of archaeology in India from 1944 to 1948, wrote, "The high quality of the sanitary arrangements could well be envied in many parts of the world today."
The toilets at Mohenjo-Daro, built about 2600 BC and described above, were only used by the affluent classes. Most people would have squatted over old pots set into the ground or used open pits. The people of the Harappan civilization in Pakistan and north-western India had primitive water-cleaning toilets that used flowing water in each house that were linked with drains covered with burnt clay bricks. The flowing water removed the human wastes.
Early toilets that used flowing water to remove the waste are also found at Skara Brae in Orkney, Scotland, which was occupied from about 3100 BC until 2500 BC. Some of the houses there have a drain running directly beneath them, and some of these had a cubicle over the drain. Around the 18th century BC, toilets started to appear in Minoan Crete; Egypt in the time of the Pharaohs and ancient Persia. In Roman civilization, toilets using flowing water were sometimes part of public bath houses.
In 2012, archaeologists founded what is believed to be Southeast Asia's earliest latrine during the excavation of a neolithic village in the Rạch Núi archaeological site, Southern Viet Nam. The toilet, dating back 1500 BC, yielded important clues about early Southeast Asian society. More than 30 preserved feces from humans and dogs containing fish and shattered animal bones from the site provided a wealth of information on both the diet of humans and dogs at Rạch Núi, but also on the types of parasites each had to contend with.
Roman toilets, like the ones pictured here, are commonly thought to have been used in the sitting position. But sitting toilets only came into general use in the mid-19th century in the Western world. The Roman toilets were probably elevated to raise them above open sewers which were periodically "flushed" with flowing water, rather than elevated for sitting. The Romans weren't the first civilisation to adopt a sewer system - The Indus Valley civilisation had a rudimentary network of sewers built under grid pattern streets and it was the most advanced seen so far. Squat toilets (also known as an Arabic, French, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Iranian, Indian, Turkish or Natural-Position toilet) are toilets used by squatting rather than sitting, and are still used by the majority of the world's population. There are several types of squat toilets, but they all consist essentially of a hole in the ground or floor with various provisions for human waste.
Early modern Europe.
Chamber pots were in common use in Europe from ancient times, even being taken to the Middle East by Christian pilgrims during the Middle Ages. By the Early Modern era, chamber pots were frequently made of china or copper and could include elaborate decoration. They were emptied into the gutter of the street nearest to the home. During the Victorian era, British housemaids emptied household chamber pots into a "slop sink" that was inside a housemaid's cupboard on the upper floor of the house. The housemaids' cupboard also contained a separate sink, made of wood with a lead lining to prevent chipping china chamber pots, for washing the "bedroom ware". Once indoor running water was built into British houses, servants were sometimes given their own lavatory downstairs, separate from the family lavatory.
By the 16th century, cesspits and cesspools were increasingly dug into the ground near houses in Europe as a means of collecting waste, as urban populations grew and street gutters became blocked with the larger volume of human waste. Rain was no longer sufficient to wash away waste from the gutters. A pipe connected the latrine to the cesspool, and sometimes a small amount of water washed waste through the pipe into the cesspool. Cesspools would be cleaned out by tradesmen, who pumped out liquid waste, then shovelled out the solid waste and collected it in horse-drawn carts during the night. This solid waste would be used as fertilizer. The perception that human waste had value as fertilizer, and in ammonia production, delayed the construction of a modern sewer system in Paris as a replacement for the city's cesspool system. In the early 19th century, public officials and public hygiene experts studied and debated the matter at length, for several decades. The construction of an underground network of pipes to carry away solid and liquid waste was only begun in the 1880s, gradually replacing the cesspool system, although cesspools were still in use in some parts of Paris into the 20th century. The growth of indoor plumbing, toilets and bathtubs with running water came at the same time.
America.
American lavatories followed the pattern of constructing cesspools in urban areas, using the practise already established in Europe, although the use of the outhouse near the family home was also common where more land was available, and keeping the waste well away from the well water was not a challenge. A textbook of architecture from 1903 indicates that cesspool construction was ideally done with 20-inch thick quarried stone, with cement mortar, and 6 feet deep. The chain-pull indoor toilet, invented in England in the 1880s, was soon introduced to America, in the homes of the wealthy and in hotels. Flush toilets were introduced in the 1890s. Public awareness of germ theories about disease, as well as inexpensive manufacturing methods, helped the flushing toilet to spread to middle class and even working class households. Important American inventors who contributed to the development of the toilet during the early 1900s included William Elvis Sloan (1867-1961), of Chicago, Illinois, and Philip Haas (1875-1927), of Dayton, Ohio. Sloan introduced the 'Flushometer' and was responsible for several flush valve designs. Haas obtained numerous patents for flush valves, flushing systems, and water closet designs. Indoor plumbing, including flushing toilets, was common in American households by the 1920s. Edward and Clarence Scott began selling white perforated toilet tissue during this era, bringing additional convenience to the American public, who had until then relied on rough paper for toilet use.
Flush toilets.
Operation.
A typical flush toilet is a vitreous, ceramic bowl containing water plus special plumbing made to be rapidly filled with more water. The water in the toilet bowl is connected to a hollow drain pipe shaped like an upside down U connecting the drain. One side of the U channel is arranged as a hollow siphon tube longer than the water in the bowl is high. The siphon tube connects to the drain. The bottom of the upside down U-shaped drain pipe limits the height of the water in the bowl before it flows down the drain. If water is poured slowly into the toilet bowl it simply flows over the bottom of the upside down U and pours slowly down the drain—the toilet does not flush. The water in the bowl both acts as a barrier to sewer gas entering and as a receptacle for waste. Sewer gas is vented through a vent pipe attached to the sewer line.
When a user flushes a toilet, a valve opens, and allows the toilet tank's water to quickly enter the toilet bowl. This rapid influx of water into the toilet bowl from the tank causes the swirling water in the bowl to rapidly rise and fill the upside down U-shaped drain and the siphon tube mounted in the back of the toilet. This full siphon tube starts the toilet's siphon action. The siphon action rapidly (4–7 seconds) “pulls” nearly all of the water and waste in the bowl and the on-rushing tank water down the drain—it flushes. When most of the water has drained out of the bowl, the continuous column of water up and over the bottom of the upside-down U-shaped drain pipe (the siphon) is broken when air enters the siphon tube. The toilet then gives its characteristic gurgle as the siphon action ceases and no more water flows out of the toilet. After flushing, the flapper valve in the water tank closes, and various water lines and valves connected to the household water supply refill the toilet tank and bowl. The toilet is again ready for use.
At the top of the toilet bowl is a rim built into the toilet with many slanted drain holes connected to the toilet tank to fill, rinse and induce swirling in the toilet bowl when it is flushed. Mounted above the toilet is a large holding tank with about (now) of water. This tank is built with a large drain diameter hole at its bottom covered by a flapper valve that allows the water to rapidly leave the holding tank. The toilet's plumbing is built to allow entry of the toilet tank’s water into the toilet in a very short period of time. This water pours through the holes in the rim and a siphon jet hole about diameter in the bottom of the toilet. Other toilets use a large hole in the front of the rim to allow rapid filling of the toilet bowl.
Manufacture.
A two-piece attaching seat and toilet bowl lid are typically mounted over the toilet bowl, to allow covering the toilet when it is not in use, and to provide seating comfort while using the toilet. A toilet's body is made from vitreous china, which starts out as a thin clay mixture called a slip. It takes about of slip per toilet.
This slip is poured into the space between plaster of Paris molds. Toilet bowl, toilet rim, toilet tank and toilet tank lid all require separate molds. The molds are assembled and set up for filling and the slip-filled molds sit for about an hour after filling while the plaster of Paris molds absorb moisture from the slip making it semisolid next to the mold but staying liquid further from the surface of the molds. Then, the workers remove plugs that allow any excess liquid slip from the centers of the mold to pour from the mold—this excess slip is recycled for later use. This drained-out slip leaves voids inside the fixture using less material, keeping it both lighter and easier to fire in a kiln, and it allows the formation of intricate waste lines in the fixture—the drain's centers are poured out as slip.
At this point, the toilet parts without their molds look like and are about as strong as soft clay. After about one hour the top core mold (interior of toilet) is removed. The rim mold bottom, which includes a place to mount the holding tank is removed, and it has the appropriate slanted holes for the rinsing jets cut and the mounting holes for tank and seat are punched into the rim piece. Large flapper valve holes for rapid water entry into the toilet are cut into the rim pieces. The exposed top of the bowl piece is then covered with a thick slip and the still uncured rim piece is attached on top of the bowl piece. The bowl and hollow rim are now a single piece. The bowl plus rim is then inverted and the toilet bowl is set upside down on the top rim mold to hold the pieces together as they dry. Later all the rest of the mold pieces are removed. As the clay dries further it hardens more and continues to shrink. After a few hours the casting is self-supporting, and is called greenware.
After the molds are removed' workers use hand tools and sponges to smooth the edges and surface of the greenware and remove the mold joints or roughness: this is called "fettling". For large scale production pieces these steps may be automated. The parts are then left outside or put in a warm dry room to dry before going through a dryer at about 93°C (200°F), for about 20–36 hours.
After finishing the surfaces, the bowls and tanks are sprayed with glaze of various kinds to get different colors. This glaze is designed to shrink and contract at the same rate as the greenware while undergoing firing. After being sprayed with glaze the toilet bowls, tanks, and lids are placed in stacks on a conveyor belt or "car" that slowly goes through a large kiln to be fired. The belt slowly moves the glaze covered greenware into a tunnel kiln, which has different temperature zones inside it starting at about 200°C (400°F) at the front, increasing towards the middle to over 1,200°C (2,200°F) degrees and exiting around out 90°C (200°F). During the firing in the kiln, the greenware and glaze are vitrified as one solid finished unit. Transiting the kiln takes glaze covered greenware around 23–40 hours.
When the pieces are removed from the kiln and fully cooled, they are ready for inspection for cracks. After inspection, the flushing mechanism may be installed on a one piece toilet. On a two piece toilet with a separate tank the flushing mechanism may only be put on the tank with final assembly waiting installation. The seat too may be installed at this time, or the parts may be sold separately and assembled by a plumbing distributor.
Water usage.
Various forms of flush toilets have become widely used in modern times The amount of water used by modern toilets is a significant portion of personal water usage, totaling as much as about of water per capita per day.
When a toilet is flushed, the water flows into a sewage system and eventually ends in a water treatment plant. Here the water is cleaned, sanitized and possibly re-used.
Modern low flush toilet designs allow the use of much less water per flush— per flush—but may require the sewage treatment system be modified for the more concentrated waste. Dual flush toilet allow the use to select between a flush for urine or feces saving a significant amount of water over conventional units. You push the flush handle up for one kind of flush and down for the other. In some places users are encouraged not to flush after urination. Flush toilets, if plumbed for it, may also use greywater (water previously used for washing dishes, laundry and bathing) for flushing rather than potable water (drinking water). Some modern toilets pressurize the water in the tank which initiates flushing action with less water usage. Heads (on ships) are typically flushed with seawater.
Other toilet types.
Pit toilets.
A pit toilet is a dry toilet system which collects human excrement and urine in a large container or trench and ranges from a simple slit trench dug in the ground to more elaborate systems with seating and ventilation systems. They are more often used in emergency, rural and wilderness areas as well as in much of the developing world. The waste pit or trench, in some cases, will be large enough that the reduction in mass of the contained waste products by the ongoing process of decomposition allows the pit to be used more or less permanently. In other cases, when the pit becomes too full, it may be emptied or the hole covered with dirt. Pit toilets have to be located away from drinking water sources (wells, streams, etc.) to minimize the possibility of disease spread. Army units typically use a form of pit toilet when they are in the field and away from functional sewerage systems. The use of correctly located pit toilets were found to prevent much of the spread of various diseases which used to kill many more soldiers than the bullets and artillery used in pre-1940 warfare.
Dry toilets.
Dry toilets, which use very limited or no water for flushing include the pit toilet (a simple hole in the ground, or one with ventilation, fly guards and other improvements), the composting toilet (which mixes excrement with carbon rich materials for faster decomposition), the incinerating toilet (which burns the excrement), and the tree bog (a simple system for converting excrement to direct fertiliser for trees). The pig toilet from the Indian state of Goa which consists of an outhouse linked to a pig enclosure by a chute is still in use to a limited extent but the subsequent use of the pigs for food carries a significant risk for human health.
The unsanitary 'flying toilet' used in African slums where plastic shopping bags are first used as a container for excrement and are then thrown as far away as possible." This practice has led to the banning of the manufacture and import of such bags in Uganda, Kenya, and Tanzania.
A toilet that pays its users has been opened in Musiri, Tamil Nadu, India. It is the first of its kind. The feces it receives are composted, and the urine is used as fertilzer for bananas and other food crops. Users are paid up to the equivalent of 12 US cents a month.
Before the introduction of modern flush toilets it was common for people to use a chamber pot at night and then to dispose of the 'nightsoil' in the morning; this practice (known as slopping out) continued in prisons in the United Kingdom until recently and is still in use in the Republic of Ireland. The garderobe was used in medieval times, and replaced by the privy midden and pail closet in early industrial Europe.
UD toilet, UDD toilet, and UDDT system.
These toilets have two compartments. One for urine diversion and one for the feces. A urine diversion toilet, "UD toilet" or "UDT", flushes one or both compartments with water. A urine diversion dry toilet, "UDD toilet", or "UDDT" is more similar to a dry toilet. The term UDDT can also refer to a system incorporating a UD or UDD toilet to recover water or utilize wastes as a fertilizer or biofuel. Astronauts use a UDDT to recover potable water in the space station.
Chemical toilets.
Chemical toilets which do not require a connection to a water supply are used in a variety of situations. Examples include passenger train toilets and airplane toilets and also complicated space toilets for use in zero-gravity spacecraft.
Public toilets.
A public toilet, frequently called a restroom, is accessible to the general public. It may be within a building that, while privately owned, allows public access. Access to a public toilet may require a fee, (pay toilet), or may be limited to business's customers.
Depending on culture, there may be varying degrees of separation between men and women and different levels of privacy. Typically, the entire room, or a stall or cubicle containing a toilet is lockable. Urinals, if present in a men's toilet, are typically mounted on wall with or without a divider between them. In the most basic form, a public toilet may be not much more than an open latrine. Another form is a street urinal known as a "pissoir" after the French term (see Urinal).
In more luxurious variations there may be an attendant, towels, showers, etc. A fairly common feature in more modern toilets is an area to change baby diapers.
A charge levied in the UK during the mid-20th century was one British penny, hence the generally adopted term "spend a penny" meaning to use the toilet.
Portable toilets.
The portable toilet is used on construction sites and at large outdoor gatherings where there are no other facilities. They are typically self-contained units that are made to be easily moved to different locations as needed. Most portable toilets are unisex single units with privacy ensured by a simple lock on the door. The units are usually light weight and easily transported by a flatbed truck and loaded and unloaded by a small forklift. Many portable toilets are small molded plastic or fiberglass portable rooms with a lockable door and a receptacle to catch waste in a chemically treated container. If used for an extended period of time they have to be cleaned out and new chemicals put in the waste receptacle. For servicing multiple portable toilets tanker trucks, often called "Honey Trucks", are equipped with lage vacuums to evacuate the waste and replace the chemicals.
High-tech toilets.
"High-tech" toilets include features such as: automatic-flushing mechanisms that flush a toilet or urinal when finished; water jets, or "bottom washers" like a bidet; blow dryers; artificial flush sounds to mask noises; and urine and stool analysis for medical monitoring. Matsushita's "Smart Toilet" checks blood pressure, temperature, and blood sugar. Some feature automatic lid operation, heated seats, deodorizing fans or automated paper toilet-seat-cover replacers. Interactive urinals have been developed in several countries, allowing users to play video games as with the "Toylet", produced by Sega, that uses pressure sensors to detect the flow of urine and translates it into on-screen action.
Floating toilets.
A "floating toilet" is essentially an outhouse built on a platform built above or floating on the water. Instead of wastes going into the ground they are collected in a tank or barrel. To reduce the amount of waste that needs to hauled to shore, many use urine diversion. It was developed for residents without quick access to land or connection to a sewer systems. It is also used in areas subjected to prolonged flooding. The need for this type of toilet is high in areas like Cambodia where the World Bank cited in 2008 that nearly 10,000 people died as a result of poor sanitation.
Chamber pots.
A chamber pot is a receptacle in which one would excrete waste in a ceramic or metal pot. Among Romans and Greeks, chamber pots were brought to meals and drinking sessions. Johan J. Mattelaer said, “Plinius has described how there were large receptacles in the streets of cities such as Rome and Pompeii into which chamber pots of urine were emptied. The urine was then collected by fullers.” This method was used for hundreds of years; shapes, sizes, and decorative variations changed throughout the centuries. This method is no longer used in developed countries, with the exception of hospital bedpans.
Garderobes.
Garderobes were toilets used in the Middle Ages, most commonly found in upper-class dwellings. Essentially, they were flat pieces of wood or stone spanning from one wall to the other, with one or more holes to sit on. These would go into pipes that would lead outside the castle or manor. Garderobes would be placed in areas away from bedrooms to shun the smell and also near kitchens or fireplaces to keep the enclosure warm.
Urinals.
Although it is possible for urinals to be used by females, they were originally designed for males. They are intended for the disposal of liquid waste, not solid waste. Urinals are meant to be used for the convenience of male users in a standing position. They typically have no door or stall enclosure, and thus take up less space. These fixtures are most commonly found in public places, but can occasionally be found in a private home
Squat toilets.
The squat toilet (also called “squatter” or “squatty-potty”) consists of a hole in the ground. However, common modern versions flush like a modern seated toilet, and are not to be compared to a contemporary portable toilet with no plumbing. To use this toilet, one is in a squatting position rather than sitting, by placing one foot on each side of the toilet and squatting over it. Modern versions are in separate stalls when they are in public lavatories, and include toilet tissue rolls for the user's convenience. The squatting method is accompanied by advantages as well health benefits that connect to easiness of procedures such as child birth. The squat toilet is most commonly found in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East but can also occasionally be found in some European (Romania), Mediterranean, and South American countries.
Etymology.
Toilet.
The word toilet came to be used in English along with other French fashions. It originally referred to the "toile", French for "cloth", draped over a lady or gentleman's shoulders while their hair was being dressed, and then (in both French and English) by extension to the various elements, and also the whole complex of operations of hairdressing and body care that centered at a dressing table, also covered by a cloth, on which stood a mirror and various brushes and containers for powder and make-up: this ensemble was also a "toilette", as also was the period spent at the table, during which close friends or tradesmen were often received. The English poet Alexander Pope in "The Rape of the Lock" (1717) described the intricacies of a lady's preparation.
The word "toilet" may also be used, especially in British English to describe the room containing the fixture, for which euphemisms such as "restroom" or "bathroom" are used in American English. Prior to the introduction of modern flush toilets, most human waste disposal was done through the use of household chamber pots, or took place outdoors in outhouses or latrines. Pail closets were introduced in England and France in an attempt to reduce sewage problems in rapidly expanding cities.
These various senses are first recorded by the "OED" in rapid sequence in the later 17th century: the set of "articles required or used in dressing" 1662, the "action or process of dressing" 1681, the cloth on the table 1682, the cloth round the shoulders 1684, the table itself 1695, and the "reception of visitors by a lady during the concluding stages of her toilet" 1703 (also known as a "toilet-call"), but in the sense of a special room the earliest use is 1819, and this does not seem to include a lavatory.
Through the 18th century, everywhere in the English-speaking world, these various uses centred around a lady's draped dressing-table remained dominant. In the 19th century, apparently first in the United States, the word was adapted as a genteel euphemism for the room and the object as we know them now, perhaps following the French usage "cabinet de toilette", much as "powder-room" may be coyly used today, and this has been linked to the introduction of public toilets, for example on railway trains, which required a plaque on the door. The original usages have become obsolete, and the table has become a "dressing-table".
Vestiges of the original meaning continue to be reflected in terms such as "toiletries", "eau de toilette" and "toiletry bag" (to carry flannels, soaps, etc.). This seemingly contradictory terminology has served as the basis for various parodies e.g. "Cosmopolitan" magazine ("If it doesn't say 'eau de toilette' on the label, it most likely doesn't come from the famed region of Eau de Toilette in France and might not even come from toilets at all.")
The word "toilet" itself may be considered an impolite word in Anglophone North America, while elsewhere the word is used without any embarrassment. The choice of the word used instead of "toilet" is highly variable, not just by regional dialect but also, at least in Britain, by class connotations. Nancy Mitford wrote an essay out of the choice of wording; see U and non-U English. Some manufacturers show this uneasiness with the word and its class attributes: American Standard, the largest manufacturer, sells them as "toilets", yet the higher priced products of the Kohler Company, often installed in more expensive housing, are sold as "commodes" or "closets", words which also carry other meanings. Confusingly, products imported from Japan such as TOTO are referred to as "toilets", even though they carry the cachet of higher cost and quality. When referring to the room or the actual piece of equipment, the word "toilet" is often substituted with other euphemisms and dysphemisms (See "toilet humor").
As old euphemisms have become accepted, they have been progressively replaced by newer ones, an example of the euphemism treadmill at work. The choice of word used to describe the room or the piece of plumbing relies as much on regional variation (dialect) as on social situation and level of formality (register).
Lavatory.
The term lavatory, abbreviated in slang to lav, derives from the , which in turn comes from Latin "lavō" ("I wash"). The word was originally used to refer to a vessel for washing, such as a sink/wash basin, but eventually came to mean a room with such washing vessels, as for example in medieval monasteries, where the lavatorium was the monks' communal washing area. The toilets in monasteries however were not in the "lavatorium" but in the reredorter. Nevertheless the word was later associated with toilets and the meaning evolved into its current one, namely a polite and formal euphemism for a toilet and the room containing it. Lavatory is the common signage for toilets on commercial airlines around the world, see Aircraft lavatory.
Loo.
The origin of the (chiefly British) term loo is unknown. According to the OED, the etymology is obscure, but it might derive from the word Waterloo. The first recorded entry is in fact from James Joyce's "Ulysses" (1922)": "O yes, mon loup. How much cost? Waterloo. Watercloset".
Other theories are:
WC.
The WC refers to the initial letters of Water Closet, which, despite being an English language abbreviation, is not in common use in English-speaking countries – but is widely used internationally: in France (pronounced "le vay-say" or "le vater"), in Italy (pronounced "vi-ci" or "vater"), Romania (pronounced "veh-cheu"), the Netherlands (pronounced "waysay"), Germany, Switzerland and Hungary (pronounced "ve-tse"), Denmark (pronounced "ve-se"), Norway (pronounced "vay-say"), Poland (pronounced "vu-tse"), Spain (pronounced "uve-cé" or "váter"), China, and others.
Other.
Lexicographer Eric Partridge derives khazi, also spelt karzy, kharsie or carzey, from a low Cockney word "carsey" originating in the late 19th century and meaning a privy. Carsey also referred to a den or brothel. It is presumably derived from the Italian "casa" for house, with the spelling influenced by its similar sound to khaki. Khazi is now most commonly used in the city of Liverpool in the UK, away from its cockney slang roots. An alternative derivation is from Christopher Chippindale, who states that khazi derives from Army slang used by expatriate officers of the British Empire who took a dislike to the habits of, and steaming rain forest inhabited by, the Khasi people of the Khasia hills on the northern frontier of India.
The Dunny is an Australian expression for an outside toilet or outhouse. The person who appeared weekly to empty the pan beneath the seat was known as the "dunnyman". The word derives from the British dialect word "dunnekin", meaning "dung-house". It is now an informal word used for any lavatory and is most often used referring to drop or pit lavatories in the Australian bush, which are also called "thunderboxes".
The Privy is an old fashioned term used more in the North of England and in Scotland; "privy" is an old alternative for "private", as in Privy council. It is used interchangeably in North America for various terms for the outhouse.
The netty is the most common word used in North East England. Many outsiders are often bemused when a Geordie or a Mackem states they are "gannin te the netty" (going to the bathroom). The etymology of the word is uncertain, but it is believed to be either derived from a corruption of "necessity" or from graffiti scrawled on Hadrian's Wall. It is linked to the Italian word "gabinetti" meaning "toilets" (singular "gabinetto").
Latrine is a term common in the military, specifically for the Army and Air Force for any point of entry facility where human waste is disposed of, which a civilian might call a bathroom or toilet, regardless of how modern or primitive it is. Traditionally the Royal Navy along with the United States Navy and Marine Corps use the nautical term "Head" to describe the same type of facility, regardless of whether it is located on a ship or on the land.
The Jacks is Irish slang for toilet. It perhaps derives from "jakes", an old English term.
The standalone toilet enclosure has been variously known as a "back house", "house of ease", "house of office", "little house", or "outhouse". The house of office was a common name for a toilet in seventeenth century England, used by, among others, Samuel Pepys on numerous occasions: "October 23, 1660: ...going down into my cellar..., I put my foot into a great heap of turds, by which I find Mr Turner's house of office is full and comes into my cellar."
In the Philippines the abbreviation CR ("Comfort Room") is commonly used.
Culture.
There are many different ways to clean oneself after using the toilet, depending on national mores and local resources. An important part of early childhood education is toilet training.
In the Western world, the most common method of cleaning after using a toilet is by toilet paper or by using a bidet, which has been increasing in popularity. In the Middle East and some countries in Asia, and South Asian countries such as India and Pakistan, the custom is to use water, either with or without toilet paper. Traditionally, the left hand is used for this, for which reason that hand is considered impolite or polluted in many Eastern countries. The Islamic faith has a particular code, "" describing Islamic toilet etiquette.
Toilet humour is a name given to a type of off-colour humour dealing with defecation, urination, and flatulence.

</doc>
<doc id="19167658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167658" title="New Guinea Force">
New Guinea Force

New Guinea Force was a military command unit for Australian, territory of Papua and territory of New Guinea troops serving in the New Guinea campaign during World War II. Formed in April 1942 it was responsible for planning and directing all operations within the territory up until October 1944, when the Australian First Army was formed. Over the course of its existence, New Guinea Force was commanded by some of the Australian Army's most notable commanders, including Sydney Rowell, Sir Edmund Herring and Sir Leslie Morshead. 

</doc>
<doc id="19167662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167662" title="Walter Ferreri">
Walter Ferreri

Walter Ferreri, originally from Buddusò in Sardinia, is an astronomer at Osservatorio Astronomico di Torino in Italy and a science writer. He is a member of the "Division III Commission 20 Positions & Motions of Minor Planets, Comets & Satellites" and the "Division III Planetary Systems Sciences" at the IAU. 3308 Ferreri is named after him for his contributions for and popularization of astronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="19167665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167665" title="Great Lakes Greyhound Lines">
Great Lakes Greyhound Lines

The Great Lakes Greyhound Lines (called also GLGL), a highway-coach carrier, was a Greyhound regional operating company, based in Detroit, Michigan, USA, from 1941 until 1957, when it merged with the Northland Greyhound Lines, a neighboring operating company, thereby forming the Central Division of The Greyhound Corporation (the parent Greyhound firm), called also the Central Greyhound Lines (making the fifth of six uses of the name of the Central Greyhound Lines).
Origin.
The Great Lakes Greyhound Lines (GL) resulted from a combination of three major components: the Eastern Michigan Motorbuses, the Ohio Greyhound Lines, and the Michigan routes of the Central Greyhound Lines (a subsidiary of The Greyhound Corporation with the second use of the name of the Central Greyhound Lines).
That third source, the (second) Central GL, is of particular historical interest, because it had descended from, among other elements, the Safety Motor Coach Lines, in which Edwin Eckstrom, an early investor and participant in the Greyhound development in northern Minnesota, first applied the name Greyhound (albeit in a borrowed usage) to the coaches and the companies and first applied the blue-and-white livery to the coaches.
Eastern Michigan Motorbuses.
In 1924 the Detroit United Railway (DUR) Company, an electric interurban rail carrier, formed a highway-coach subsidiary, then named as the People’s Motor Coach (PMC) Company, to enable its parent firm to reduce its operating costs and to enhance its competitive position against an increasing number of rivals operating buses on the improving roads. DUR Company had already become involved in the first of its two bankruptcies and reorganizations.
During the following years the PMC Company developed an extensive bus system, mostly by the acquisition of pre-existing smaller companies, operating along both suburban and intercity routes.
In one notable event, late in 1924 the DUR Company bought the Detroit-Toledo Transportation Company from Ralph A.L. Bogan, another original busman from northern Minnesota. Bogan (along with Swan Sundstrom, another early driver in Hibbing, Minnesota, and elsewhere) had (in 1923) used the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Blue Goose Lines, as he had previously used the same brand name for one other bus company (the Gray Motor Stage Line, running in Wisconsin, between Janesville and Watertown) and later (in 1925) used it again for a third firm (running in Indiana, from Indianapolis southward to Evansvillle and northward to Kokomo and soon onward to Fort Wayne). The DUR Company extended the name of the Blue Goose Lines (and the image of a blue goose) to its entire intercity system.
Eventually all three of those Bogan routes became segments of the growing Greyhound route network; Bogan himself continued as a key player at Greyhound, serving eventually as the vice president during the presidency of Orville Swan Caesar (1946–56) of The Greyhound Corporation, after the retirement of Carl Eric Wickman, the principal founder of Greyhound. later became the president of the Pennsylvania GL.
Other acquired firms included the White Star Motorbus Company, the Wolverine Transit Company, the Star Motor Coach Line, and the Highway Motorbus Company.
The DUR Company in 1928 became renamed as the Eastern Michigan (EM) Railways, and the PMC Company, its highway-coach subsidiary, in 1928 became likewise renamed as the Eastern Michigan Motorbuses (EMM); then in -31 the EM Railways went into the second (and final) bankruptcy and reorganization.
The renamed EMM continued to acquire other firms, including the Southern Michigan Transportation Company, the Great Lakes Motor Bus Company, and the Grosse Ile Rapid Transit Company (which had begun in 1919 as the Grosse Ile Transportation Company).
Despite the lack of success of the parent EM Railways, by 1938 the subsidiary EM Motorbuses had become the largest intrastate bus company in the Wolverine State.
Then The Greyhound Corporation, the parent Greyhound firm, bought a controlling (majority) interest in the EMM under the supervision of the receivers (and the court) in bankruptcy.
However, the federal Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) did not at first allow Greyhound to exercise control over the EMM or to merge it into Greyhound, not until 1941, after a change in the membership of the ICC.
Because of the large size of the EMM, its route network, and its operations, The Greyhound Corporation created a new subsidiary, named as the Great Lakes Greyhound Lines, which in 1941 took over the EMM.
Ohio Greyhound Lines.
In 1941, when the Great Lakes GL came into existence, The Greyhound Corporation merged the Ohio GL into the new Great Lakes GL.
The Ohio GL had run between Detroit and Louisville (in Kentucky) via Toledo, Dayton, and Cincinnati (all three in Ohio), plus along a detached route between Evansville and Indianapolis (both in Indiana).
route segment between Louisville and Cincinnati had come from the Southland Transportation Company, which Harris Spearin, with the backing and financing of Wickman in Minnesota, had founded in 1925, after (in 1923) he sold his White Bus Lines, running three routes based in Duluth, Minnesota, to Wickman’s Mesaba Motors Company (a predecessor of the Motor Transit Corporation, which in 1929 became renamed as The Greyhound Corporation – with an uppercase T, because the word “the” was an integral part of the legal name of the corporate entity).
To comply with an Indiana statute (one which required that corporations doing business in the Hoosier State be domiciled there), Greyhound created a paper administrative corporation, based in Indiana and named as the Great Lakes Greyhound Lines of Indiana, to conduct the route between Evansville and Indianapolis. Ohio GL (running 1935-41) had likewise been based in Indiana, as had been the predecessor Central GL (1930–35), which had made the first use of the name of the Central Greyhound Lines, and as had been the earlier predecessor Greyhound Lines, Inc., GLI, of Indiana, which (in 1927) had started Greyhound service between Chicago (in Illinois) and Indianapolis, and which had made the first use of the name of the Greyhound Lines.
In 1928 the Motor Transit Corporation (MTC), before it became renamed as The Greyhound Corporation, bought the Detroit and Cincinnati Coach Lines, using the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Sunny South Lines, running between those two named cities, thereby gaining the major part of the Greyhound route between Detroit and Louisville. seller of the Sunny South Lines was Walter Nisun, who had founded it, and who later (about 1934) sold to the Pennsylvania GL another of his properties, running between Detroit and Saint Louis (in Missouri) via Fort Wayne and Indianapolis.
1930, during the formation of the Pennsylvania GL, The Greyhound Corporation transferred the routes of the GLI of Indiana – to the Pennsylvania GL and to another new subsidiary, named originally as the (first) Central GL. The Pennsylvania GL got the routes paralleling and coinciding with those of the Pennsylvania Railroad, which made a minority investment in the Pennsylvania GL, and the (first) Central GL got the other routes of the GLI of Indiana (that is, the ones between Indianapolis and Evansville and between Detroit and Louisville).
(first) Central GL in 1935 became renamed (as the Ohio GL) to allow Greyhound to reassign the name Central to a different subsidiary, in the Midwest and the Northeast, one which coincided with the territory of another major railway company, the New York Central (NYC) System, one in which Greyhound transferred a minority non-voting interest to the NYC System, the subsidiary which the Greyhound executives wished to bear a name (Central) to suggest the relationship with the related railway firm (New York Central), as in the case of the neighboring Pennsylvania GL and the Pennsylvania Railroad.
The Ohio GL continued to increase its route network throughout the Buckeye State, mostly by the acquisition of pre-existing carriers.
Great Lakes GL of Indiana.
In 1941, shortly after the creation of the Great Lakes GL, The Greyhound Corporation renamed the Ohio GL as the Great Lakes Greyhound Lines (GLGL) of Indiana, based still in Indiana but as a subsidiary of the main undenominated Great Lakes GL (based in Detroit).
In 1947 the GLGL of Indiana closed the gap between its two detached routes (the one between Detroit and Louisville and the one between Evansville and Indianapolis) by obtaining authority from the State of Indiana to run between Madison and Paoli (both in the Hoosier State), thereby also providing a new direct (shortcut) through-route between Evansville and Cincinnati.
Cincinnati and Lake Erie (C&LE) Transportation Company.
In 1945 The Greyhound Corporation bought a controlling (majority) interest in the Cincinnati and Lake Erie (C&LE) Transportation Company, which had begun in 1923 as the highway-coach subsidiary of the Cincinnati and Lake Erie (C&LE) Railroad, an electric interurban railway in western Ohio, which had ended its rail operations in 1939. The C&LE bus firm ran on a main line between Toledo and Hamilton (a suburb of Cincinnati), including several alternate loops, plus along branch lines between Dayton and Columbus, Dayton and Delaware, Xenia and Columbus, and Lima and Springfield (all in the Buckeye State); it also ran extensive suburban operations based in Dayton. That purchase provided Greyhound with the valuable intrastate rights along many route segments on which it had previously held only the interstate rights. Greyhound in 1946 got approval from the ICC and in 1947 merged its new property into the Great Lakes GL of Indiana.
Safety Motor Coach Lines.
Edwin (Ed) Eckstrom, an accountant by education and by profession, born in Ludington, Michigan, and raised in Hibbing, Minnesota, in 1917 became an investor and participant in the Mesaba Transportation Company, based in Hibbing, the first incorporated firm (replacing the Hibbing Transportation Company, a partnership consisting of Eric Wickman, Ralph Bogan, and others) leading to the founding of the Greyhound empire.
In 1923 Eckstrom acquired (from Wickman’s corporation) a controlling interest in the Eastern Wisconsin Transportation Company (running between Madison and Fond du Lac, both in the Beaver State), which (in -21) Wickman had financed during its founding by E.J. Stone; Eckstrom then went to Wisconsin and took charge of his new property.
In 1924 Stone resigned from the firm which he had founded, then he went to work as a bus salesman for the Mack Truck Company.
Shortly afterward the Eastern Wisconsin concern became sold again – to an electric interurban railway and later (the last time) to the Northland GL.
Later that same year, 1924, Eckstrom, with the backing of Wickman, founded the Safety Motor Coach Lines, starting with two Fageol Safety Coaches (hence the name of the firm, with the pleased approval of the Fageol brothers), running between Muskegon and Grand Rapids (both in Michigan).
Within months Eckstrom extended his route network northward to Fremont and to Ludington (both in Michigan) and to the southwest to Chicago (in Illinois) via Holland, South Haven, and Benton Harbor (all three in Michigan) and Michigan City (in Indiana).
Eckstrom also started a detached route, farther north in Michigan, between Petoskey and Traverse City, which he sold later (about 1926), which (in 1948) the Great Lakes GL reacquired (from the North Star Lines), thereby completing a direct through-route between Chicago and Sault Sainte Marie (in the eastern part of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan) via Benton Harbor, Muskegon, Ludington, and Saint Ignace (all in Michigan).
Eckstrom used the name Greyhound by which to refer to his coaches, and he caused that name to be painted onto them. 
Eckstrom’s firm also began using a logo or trademark, consisting of a running greyhound dog superimposed on a ring, which bore (on its lower half) the name “Safety Motor Coach Lines” and (on its upper half) the words “Greyhounds of the highway”.
That design, with only slight modifications (mostly in the inscription), became the pattern for shoulder patches on the uniforms for drivers throughout the entire Greyhound system, and it continued as such until late in the 1980s.
Eckstrom also used and promoted the slogan “ride the Greyhounds”.
By the end of 1925 Eckstrom’s firm appeared to own and operate as many as 30 coaches, mostly Fageols plus a few Macks.
In 1927 the Safety Motor Coach Lines introduced overnight service between Chicago and Muskegon, during an era while nighttime long-distance highway running was still a rarity.
All that took place while the Ford Model T was still in production, before Henry Ford (in October 1927) introduced his (second) Model A.
Motor Transit Corporation.
In a crucial move on 20 September 1926, Eric Wickman and his collaborators and investors in Duluth, Minnesota, formed the Motor Transit Corporation (MTC), which in 1929 became renamed as The Greyhound Corporation.
The MTC, a holding company, promptly began buying controlling interests in operating companies in the motor-coach industry.
The MTC on 15 October 1926 first bought the Safety Motor Coach Lines, which in 1924 Ed Eckstrom had founded. 
On the same day the MTC bought also a controlling interest in the Interstate Stages, using the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Oriole Lines, running in part between Detroit and Chicago via South Bend and Elkhart (both in Indiana).
Ed Eckstrom then served as the first president of the MTC.
in 1927 Wickman next sent Eckstrom to Fort Worth, Texas, where he took over two other firms – the Southland Transportation Corporation, which the MTC had started, and the Red Ball Motor Bus Company, which the MTC had bought – which later became major parts of the Southwestern Greyhound Lines.
During that era many bus companies used the names of animals, often coupled with the names of colors, by which to refer to the buses, the companies, or both (such as Cardinal, Oriole, Blue Goose, Purple Swan, Blue Bird, Eagle, Jackrabbit, and Thorobred) along with colored objects (such as Red Ball, Green Line, Gold Seal, White Star, Silver Line, and Red Arrow) – and, inevitably perhaps, Greyhound.
Several early operators used the word greyhound. For instance, one firm, named as the Greyhound Bus Line, running in eastern Kentucky from Ashland to Paintsville and to Mount Sterling, was one of the carriers bought by and merged into the Consolidated Coach Corporation (in 1928), which began using the brand name of the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (in 1931), and which became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (in 1936).
According to the best information now available, E.J. Stone of the Eastern Wisconsin Transportation Company made the first such use of the name greyhound directly traceable into the Motor Transit Corporation (which in 1929 became renamed as The Greyhound Corporation), for Stone had informally referred to his coaches as greyhounds, commenting on the resemblance of them to sleek, slender, swift, graceful hounds.
Many authors, observers, and bus historians have credited Ed Eckstrom (with his flair for marketing) with the first use of the name Greyhound in a way which became the name of the once-great company.
It’s true that Eckstrom took the use of the name Greyhound into the MTC when the MTC bought Eckstrom’s Safety Motor Coach Lines.
However, it appears that Eckstrom had gotten that usage from E.J. Stone when Eckstrom took over the Eastern Wisconsin Transportation Company.
When the MTC bought Eckstrom’s Safety Motor Coach Lines, Eckstrom and his company contributed to the MTC not only the name Greyhound and the image of a greyhound dog but also the blue-and-white livery used on Eckstrom’s coaches. is said to have proposed the use of the name of the Greyhound Lines even before he left Wisconsin (with the support of his associates in Minnesota) to go eastward.
In 1928 the MTC bought the Southwestern Michigan Motor Coach Company, which had recently become formed, to acquire most of the routes of the Shore Line Motor Coach Company (a subsidiary of an Insull railway property) to the east of Gary, a suburb of Chicago in the northwest corner of Indiana, consisting of the route between Chicago and Detroit via Kalamazoo (in Michigan), an alternate one between Chicago and Grand Rapids via Benton Harbor, and one between South Bend (in Indiana) and Detroit (which extended and made connections with a railway route, which still operates, now under the name of the South Shore Line, between Chicago and South Bend). last bus route, between South Bend and Detroit, no longer operates.
In 1929 the Safety Motor Coach Lines took over both the Interstate Stages and the Southwestern Michigan Motor Coach Company.
During the same year, 1929, the Safety Motor Coach Lines acquired another route between Chicago and Detroit, from the YellowaY of Michigan, a part of the Pioneer-YellowaY System, which Greyhound had bought (earlier in 1929) from the American Motor Transportation Company.
The Safety Motor Coach Lines continued (as a subsidiary of the MTC) until 1930, when it became renamed as the Eastern Greyhound Lines (EGL) of Michigan, which in 1935 became renamed as the Central Greyhound Lines (CGL) of Michigan (making the third use of the name of the Central GL), which in 1936 became a part of the undenominated main (second) Central GL, a part of which in -48 became merged into the Great Lakes GL.
In 1930, when the name of the EGL of Michigan came into use, the firm owned and operated a combined fleet of about 135 coaches.
Michigan routes of Central GL.
Starting in 1935, the (third) Central GL (the CGL of Michigan) and then soon (in 1936) the undenominated main (second) Central GL operated all the Greyhound routes in Michigan, including the heavy traffic between Chicago and Detroit, as well as the likewise heavy mainline traffic between Chicago and New York City via Cleveland (in Ohio), including the route via Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, and Albany (all four in the Empire State), paralleling the touted "water-level route” of the New York Central (railway) System. (second) Central GL (and, later, the fourth Central GL, the CGL of New York, also ran a large route network throughout upstate New York, with one extension to Montréal, Québec, Canada, and another extension from Albany to Boston via Pittsfield, Springfield, and Worcester (all the last four in Massachusetts.
In 1947 The Greyhound Corporation finished reacquiring the remaining shares of the non-voting stock in the Central GL which (in 1935) it had transferred to the NYC System.
No longer having a need to maintain a subsidiary coinciding with the territory of that railway firm, Greyhound next reorganized some of its routes in the Midwest and the Northeast, seeking a more efficient operation.
Great Lakes GL as a division.
On 31 December 1948 the Great Lakes GL became a division of The Greyhound Corporation (rather than a subsidiary), thus losing its separate corporate existence, then Greyhound merged the GLGL of Indiana (the smaller Indiana corporation) into the main Great Lakes GL (as a division of the parent firm) and transferred into the Great Lakes GL all the Michigan routes (including the ones reaching to Chicago) of the (second) Central GL. that time the State of Indiana had ended its requirement for domestic corporations there.
The new division, the Great Lakes GL, took over all the coaches of both previous Great Lakes firms (that is, both the GLGL and the GLGL of Indiana, both the main firm and the Indiana subsidiary) plus all the coaches previously assigned to the Michigan routes of the (second) Central GL.
New routes for Great Lakes GL.
In 1955, in connection with the merger of the (second) Central GL and the Pennsylvania GL into the new (second) Eastern GL, The Greyhound Corporation transferred three sets of routes in Illinois and Indiana to the Great Lakes GL:
Great Lakes GL in 1957.
By 1957 the Great Lakes GL reached as far to the north as Sault Sainte Marie (on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan), as far to the east as Port Huron and Detroit (both in Michigan) and Columbus (in Ohio), as far to the south as Louisville (in Kentucky) and Evansville (in Indiana), and as far to the west as Davenport (in Iowa) and Saint Louis and Louisiana (both in Missouri); it met the Eastern Canadian GL (in Saint Ignace, Port Huron, and Detroit), the Northland GL (in Saint Ignace and Chicago), the new (second) Eastern GL (in Toledo and Columbus), the Atlantic GL (in Columbus and Cincinnati), the Southeastern GL (in Cincinnati, Louisville, Evansville, Effingham, and Saint Louis), the Southwestern GL (in Saint Louis and Louisiana), and the Overland GL (in Chicago and Davenport).
The Great Lakes GL took part in many major interlined through-routes (using pooled equipment in cooperation with other Greyhound companies) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more Greyhound regional operating companies – including these:
Merger with Northland GL.
In September 1957, in another round of consolidation, The Greyhound Corporation further merged the Great Lakes GL with – not into but rather with – the Northland GL (called also Northland or NGL), a neighboring regional operating company – thereby forming the Central Division of The Greyhound Corporation (called also the Central GL, making the fifth of six uses of that name), the second of four huge new divisions (along with Eastern, Southern, and Western).
The administrative headquarters functions of the Great Lakes GL moved from Detroit to Minneapolis, Minnesota, the home of the Northland GL.
The Northland GL had reached as far north as Sweetgrass, Montana (in Montana) and Winnipeg, Manitoba, as far east as Saint Ignace, Michigan, Milwaukee (in Wisconsin), and Chicago (in Illinois), as far to the south as Chicago (in Illinois), Dubuque (in Iowa), and Omaha (in Nebraska), and as far to the west as Sweetgrass, Great Falls, Helena, and Butte, Montana; it had met (to the west) the Northwestern GL, (to the north) the Western Canadian GL and the Eastern Canadian GL, (to the east and south) the Great Lakes GL and the (second) Eastern GL (formerly the second Central GL and the Pennsylvania GL), and (to the south) the Overland GL.
Thus ended the Great Lakes GL and the Northland GL, and thus began the (fifth) Central GL.
Beyond Great Lakes GL.
Later (about 1966) The Greyhound Corporation reorganized again, into just two humongous divisions, named as the Greyhound Lines East (GLE) and the Greyhound Lines West (GLW); even later (about 1970) it eliminated those two divisions, thereby leaving a single gargantuan undivided nationwide fleet.
In 1987 The Greyhound Corporation (the original parent Greyhound firm), which had become widely diversified far beyond transportation, sold its entire highway-coach operating business (its core bus business) to a new company, named as the Greyhound Lines, Inc., called also GLI, based in Dallas, Texas – a separate, independent, unrelated firm, which was the property of a group of private investors under the promotion of Fred Currey, a former executive of the Continental Trailways (later renamed as the Trailways, Inc., called also TWI, also based in Dallas), which was by far the largest member company in the Trailways association.
Later in 1987 the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, the new firm based in Dallas, further bought the Trailways, Inc., the TWI, its largest competitor, and merged it into the GLI.
The lenders and the other investors of the GLI ousted Fred Currey as the chief executive officer (CEO) after the firm went into bankruptcy in 1990.
The GLI has since continued to experience difficulties and lackluster performance under a succession of new owners and new executives while continuing to reduce its level of service – by hauling fewer passengers aboard fewer coaches on fewer trips along fewer routes with fewer stops in fewer communities in fewer states – and by doing so on fewer days – that is, increasingly operating some trips less often than every day (fewer than seven days per week) – and by using fewer through-coaches, thus requiring passengers to make more transfers (from one coach to another).
After the sale to the GLI, The Greyhound Corporation (the original parent Greyhound firm) changed its name to the Greyhound-Dial Corporation, then the Dial Corporation, then the Viad Corporation. contrived name Viad appears to be a curious respelling of the former name Dial – if one scrambles the letters D, I, and A, then turns the V upside down and regards it as the Greek letter lambda – Λ – that is, the Greek equivalent of the Roman or Latin letter L.
The website of the Viad Corporation (http://www.viad.com) in September 2008 makes no mention of its corporate history or its past relationship to Greyhound – that is, its origin as The Greyhound Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="19167670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167670" title="Alpha Lacertae">
Alpha Lacertae

Alpha Lacertae (Alpha Lac, α Lacertae, α Lac) is an A-type main sequence star in the constellation of Lacerta. It is the brightest star in Lacerta and has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 3.777.
The star has a visual companion, CCDM J22313+5017B, of spectral type A and apparent visual magnitude 11.8, approximately 36 arcseconds away. The companion is optical, a chance line-of-sight coincidence.
Naming.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Flying Serpent", refers to an asterism consisting of α Lacertae, 4 Lacertae, π2 Cygni, π1 Cygni, HD 206267, ε Cephei, β Lacertae, σ Cassiopeiae, ρ Cassiopeiae, τ Cassiopeiae, AR Cassiopeiae, 9 Lacertae, 3 Andromedae, 7 Andromedae, 8 Andromedae, λ Andromedae, κ Andromedae, ι Andromedae, and ψ Andromedae. Consequently, α Lacertae itself is known as (, )

</doc>
<doc id="19167679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167679" title="Virus">
Virus

A virus is a small infectious agent that replicates only inside the living cells of other organisms. Viruses can infect all types of life forms, from animals and plants to bacteria and archaea.
Since Dmitri Ivanovsky's 1892 article describing a non-bacterial pathogen infecting tobacco plants, and the discovery of the tobacco mosaic virus by Martinus Beijerinck in 1898, about 5,000 viruses have been described in detail, although there are millions of different types. Viruses are found in almost every ecosystem on Earth and are the most abundant type of biological entity. The study of viruses is known as virology, a sub-speciality of microbiology.
Virus particles (known as virions) consist of two or three parts: i) the genetic material made from either DNA or RNA, long molecules that carry genetic information; ii) a protein coat that protects these genes; and in some cases iii) an envelope of lipids that surrounds the protein coat when they are outside a cell. The shapes of viruses range from simple helical and icosahedral forms to more complex structures. The average virus is about one one-hundredth the size of the average bacterium. Most viruses are too small to be seen directly with an optical microscope.
The origins of viruses in the evolutionary history of life are unclear: some may have evolved from plasmids—pieces of DNA that can move between cells—while others may have evolved from bacteria. In evolution, viruses are an important means of horizontal gene transfer, which increases genetic diversity. Viruses are considered by some to be a life form, because they carry genetic material, reproduce, and evolve through natural selection. However they lack key characteristics (such as cell structure) that are generally considered necessary to count as life. Because they possess some but not all such qualities, viruses have been described as "organisms at the edge of life".
Viruses spread in many ways; viruses in plants are often transmitted from plant to plant by insects that feed on plant sap, such as aphids; viruses in animals can be carried by blood-sucking insects. These disease-bearing organisms are known as vectors. Influenza viruses are spread by coughing and sneezing. Norovirus and rotavirus, common causes of viral gastroenteritis, are transmitted by the faecal–oral route and are passed from person to person by contact, entering the body in food or water. HIV is one of several viruses transmitted through sexual contact and by exposure to infected blood. The range of host cells that a virus can infect is called its "host range". This can be narrow or, as when a virus is capable of infecting many species, broad.
Viral infections in animals provoke an immune response that usually eliminates the infecting virus. Immune responses can also be produced by vaccines, which confer an artificially acquired immunity to the specific viral infection. However, some viruses including those that cause AIDS and viral hepatitis evade these immune responses and result in chronic infections. Antibiotics have no effect on viruses, but several antiviral drugs have been developed.
Etymology.
The word is from the Latin "virus" referring to poison and other noxious substances, first used in English in 1392. "Virulent", from Latin "virulentus" (poisonous), dates to 1400. A meaning of "agent that causes infectious disease" is first recorded in 1728, before the discovery of viruses by Dmitri Ivanovsky in 1892. The English plural is "viruses", whereas the Latin word is a mass noun, which has no classically attested plural. The adjective "viral" dates to 1948. The term "virion" (plural "virions"), which dates from 1959, is also used to refer to a single, stable infective viral particle that is released from the cell and is fully capable of infecting other cells of the same type.
History.
Louis Pasteur was unable to find a causative agent for rabies and speculated about a pathogen too small to be detected using a microscope. In 1884, the French microbiologist Charles Chamberland invented a filter (known today as the Chamberland filter or Chamberland-Pasteur filter) with pores smaller than bacteria. Thus, he could pass a solution containing bacteria through the filter and completely remove them from the solution. In 1892, the Russian biologist Dmitri Ivanovsky used this filter to study what is now known as the tobacco mosaic virus. His experiments showed that crushed leaf extracts from infected tobacco plants remain infectious after filtration. Ivanovsky suggested the infection might be caused by a toxin produced by bacteria, but did not pursue the idea. At the time it was thought that all infectious agents could be retained by filters and grown on a nutrient medium – this was part of the germ theory of disease. In 1898, the Dutch microbiologist Martinus Beijerinck repeated the experiments and became convinced that the filtered solution contained a new form of infectious agent. He observed that the agent multiplied only in cells that were dividing, but as his experiments did not show that it was made of particles, he called it a "contagium vivum fluidum" (soluble living germ) and re-introduced the word "virus". Beijerinck maintained that viruses were liquid in nature, a theory later discredited by Wendell Stanley, who proved they were particulate. In the same year Friedrich Loeffler and Paul Frosch passed the first animal virus – agent of foot-and-mouth disease (aphthovirus) – through a similar filter.
In the early 20th century, the English bacteriologist Frederick Twort discovered a group of viruses that infect bacteria, now called bacteriophages (or commonly "phages"), and the French-Canadian microbiologist Félix d'Herelle described viruses that, when added to bacteria on agar, would produce areas of dead bacteria. He accurately diluted a suspension of these viruses and discovered that the highest dilutions (lowest virus concentrations), rather than killing all the bacteria, formed discrete areas of dead organisms. Counting these areas and multiplying by the dilution factor allowed him to calculate the number of viruses in the original suspension. Phages were heralded as a potential treatment for diseases such as typhoid and cholera, but their promise was forgotten with the development of penicillin. The study of phages provided insights into the switching on and off of genes, and a useful mechanism for introducing foreign genes into bacteria.
By the end of the 19th century, viruses were defined in terms of their infectivity, their ability to be filtered, and their requirement for living hosts. Viruses had been grown only in plants and animals. In 1906, Ross Granville Harrison invented a method for growing tissue in lymph, and, in 1913, E. Steinhardt, C. Israeli, and R. A. Lambert used this method to grow vaccinia virus in fragments of guinea pig corneal tissue. In 1928, H. B. Maitland and M. C. Maitland grew vaccinia virus in suspensions of minced hens' kidneys. Their method was not widely adopted until the 1950s, when poliovirus was grown on a large scale for vaccine production.
Another breakthrough came in 1931, when the American pathologist Ernest William Goodpasture grew influenza and several other viruses in fertilized chickens' eggs. In 1949, John Franklin Enders, Thomas Weller, and Frederick Robbins grew polio virus in cultured human embryo cells, the first virus to be grown without using solid animal tissue or eggs. This work enabled Jonas Salk to make an effective polio vaccine.
The first images of viruses were obtained upon the invention of electron microscopy in 1931 by the German engineers Ernst Ruska and Max Knoll. In 1935, American biochemist and virologist Wendell Meredith Stanley examined the tobacco mosaic virus and found it was mostly made of protein. A short time later, this virus was separated into protein and RNA parts.
The tobacco mosaic virus was the first to be crystallised and its structure could therefore be elucidated in detail. The first X-ray diffraction pictures of the crystallised virus were obtained by Bernal and Fankuchen in 1941. On the basis of her pictures, Rosalind Franklin discovered the full structure of the virus in 1955. In the same year, Heinz Fraenkel-Conrat and Robley Williams showed that purified tobacco mosaic virus RNA and its protein coat can assemble by themselves to form functional viruses, suggesting that this simple mechanism was probably the means through which viruses were created within their host cells.
The second half of the 20th century was the golden age of virus discovery and most of the over 2,000 recognised species of animal, plant, and bacterial viruses were discovered during these years. In 1957, equine arterivirus and the cause of Bovine virus diarrhea (a pestivirus) were discovered. In 1963, the hepatitis B virus was discovered by Baruch Blumberg, and in 1965, Howard Temin described the first retrovirus. Reverse transcriptase, the enzyme that retroviruses use to make DNA copies of their RNA, was first described in 1970, independently by Howard Martin Temin and David Baltimore. In 1983 Luc Montagnier's team at the Pasteur Institute in France, first isolated the retrovirus now called HIV.
Origins.
Viruses are found wherever there is life and have probably existed since living cells first evolved. The origin of viruses is unclear because they do not form fossils, so molecular techniques have been used to compare the DNA or RNA of viruses and are a useful means of investigating how they arose. There are three main hypotheses that try to explain the origins of viruses:
In the past, there were problems with all of these hypotheses: the regressive hypothesis did not explain why even the smallest of cellular parasites do not resemble viruses in any way. The escape hypothesis did not explain the complex capsids and other structures on virus particles. The virus-first hypothesis contravened the definition of viruses in that they require host cells. Viruses are now recognised as ancient and as having origins that pre-date the divergence of life into the three domains. This discovery has led modern virologists to reconsider and re-evaluate these three classical hypotheses.
The evidence for an ancestral world of RNA cells and computer analysis of viral and host DNA sequences are giving a better understanding of the evolutionary relationships between different viruses and may help identify the ancestors of modern viruses. To date, such analyses have not proved which of these hypotheses is correct. However, it seems unlikely that all currently known viruses have a common ancestor, and viruses have probably arisen numerous times in the past by one or more mechanisms.
Prions are infectious protein molecules that do not contain DNA or RNA. They can cause infections such as scrapie in sheep, bovine spongiform encephalopathy ("mad cow" disease) in cattle, and chronic wasting disease in deer; in humans, prionic diseases include Kuru, Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease, and Gerstmann–Sträussler–Scheinker syndrome. Although prions are fundamentally different from viruses and viroids, their discovery gives credence to the theory that viruses could have evolved from self-replicating molecules.
Microbiology.
Life properties.
Opinions differ on whether viruses are a form of life, or organic structures that interact with living organisms. They have been described as "organisms at the edge of life", since they resemble organisms in that they possess genes and evolve by natural selection, and reproduce by creating multiple copies of themselves through self-assembly. Although they have genes, they do not have a cellular structure, which is often seen as the basic unit of life. Viruses do not have their own metabolism, and require a host cell to make new products. They therefore cannot naturally reproduce outside a host cell – although bacterial species such as rickettsia and chlamydia are considered living organisms despite the same limitation. Accepted forms of life use cell division to reproduce, whereas viruses spontaneously assemble within cells. They differ from autonomous growth of crystals as they inherit genetic mutations while being subject to natural selection. Virus self-assembly within host cells has implications for the study of the origin of life, as it lends further credence to the hypothesis that life could have started as self-assembling organic molecules.
Structure.
Viruses display a wide diversity of shapes and sizes, called "morphologies". In general, viruses are much smaller than bacteria. Most viruses that have been studied have a diameter between 20 and 300 nanometres. Some filoviruses have a total length of up to 1400 nm; their diameters are only about 80 nm. Most viruses cannot be seen with an optical microscope so scanning and transmission electron microscopes are used to visualise virions. To increase the contrast between viruses and the background, electron-dense "stains" are used. These are solutions of salts of heavy metals, such as tungsten, that scatter the electrons from regions covered with the stain. When virions are coated with stain (positive staining), fine detail is obscured. Negative staining overcomes this problem by staining the background only.
A complete virus particle, known as a virion, consists of nucleic acid surrounded by a protective coat of protein called a capsid. These are formed from identical protein subunits called capsomeres. Viruses can have a lipid "envelope" derived from the host cell membrane. The capsid is made from proteins encoded by the viral genome and its shape serves as the basis for morphological distinction. Virally coded protein subunits will self-assemble to form a capsid, in general requiring the presence of the virus genome. Complex viruses code for proteins that assist in the construction of their capsid. Proteins associated with nucleic acid are known as nucleoproteins, and the association of viral capsid proteins with viral nucleic acid is called a nucleocapsid. The capsid and entire virus structure can be mechanically (physically) probed through atomic force microscopy. In general, there are four main morphological virus types:
The poxviruses are large, complex viruses that have an unusual morphology. The viral genome is associated with proteins within a central disk structure known as a nucleoid. The nucleoid is surrounded by a membrane and two lateral bodies of unknown function. The virus has an outer envelope with a thick layer of protein studded over its surface. The whole virion is slightly pleiomorphic, ranging from ovoid to brick shape. Mimivirus is one of the largest characterised viruses, with a capsid diameter of 400 nm. Protein filaments measuring 100 nm project from the surface. The capsid appears hexagonal under an electron microscope, therefore the capsid is probably icosahedral. In 2011, researchers discovered the then-largest known virus on the ocean floor off the coast of Las Cruces, Chile. Provisionally named "Megavirus chilensis", it can be seen with a basic optical microscope. In 2013, the Pandoravirus genus was discovered in Chile and Australia, and has genomes about twice as large as Megavirus and Mimivirus.
Some viruses that infect Archaea have complex structures that are unrelated to any other form of virus, with a wide variety of unusual shapes, ranging from spindle-shaped structures, to viruses that resemble hooked rods, teardrops or even bottles. Other archaeal viruses resemble the tailed bacteriophages, and can have multiple tail structures.
Genome.
An enormous variety of genomic structures can be seen among viral species; as a group, they contain more structural genomic diversity than plants, animals, archaea, or bacteria. There are millions of different types of viruses, although only about 5,000 of them have been described in detail.
A virus has either a DNA or an RNA genome and is called a DNA virus or an RNA virus, respectively. The vast majority of viruses have RNA genomes. Plant viruses tend to have single-stranded RNA genomes and bacteriophages tend to have double-stranded DNA genomes.
Viral genomes are circular, as in the polyomaviruses, or linear, as in the adenoviruses. The type of nucleic acid is irrelevant to the shape of the genome. Among RNA viruses and certain DNA viruses, the genome is often divided up into separate parts, in which case it is called "segmented". For RNA viruses, each segment often codes for only one protein and they are usually found together in one capsid. However, all segments are not required to be in the same virion for the virus to be infectious, as demonstrated by brome mosaic virus and several other plant viruses.
A viral genome, irrespective of nucleic acid type, is almost always either single-stranded or double-stranded. Single-stranded genomes consist of an unpaired nucleic acid, analogous to one-half of a ladder split down the middle. Double-stranded genomes consist of two complementary paired nucleic acids, analogous to a ladder. The virus particles of some virus families, such as those belonging to the "Hepadnaviridae", contain a genome that is partially double-stranded and partially single-stranded.
For most viruses with RNA genomes and some with single-stranded DNA genomes, the single strands are said to be either positive-sense (called the plus-strand) or negative-sense (called the minus-strand), depending on whether or not they are complementary to the viral messenger RNA (mRNA). Positive-sense viral RNA is in the same sense as viral mRNA and thus at least a part of it can be immediately translated by the host cell. Negative-sense viral RNA is complementary to mRNA and thus must be converted to positive-sense RNA by an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase before translation. DNA nomenclature for viruses with single-sense genomic ssDNA is similar to RNA nomenclature, in that the "coding strand" for the viral mRNA is complementary to it (−), and the "non-coding strand" is a copy of it (+). However, several types of ssDNA and ssRNA viruses have genomes that are ambisense in that transcription can occur off both strands in a double-stranded replicative intermediate. Examples include geminiviruses, which are ssDNA plant viruses and arenaviruses, which are ssRNA viruses of animals.
Genome size varies greatly between species. The smallest viral genomes – the ssDNA circoviruses, family "Circoviridae" – code for only two proteins and have a genome size of only two kilobases; the largest–the pandoraviruses–have genome sizes of around two megabases which code for about 2500 proteins.
In general, RNA viruses have smaller genome sizes than DNA viruses because of a higher error-rate when replicating, and have a maximum upper size limit. Beyond this limit, errors in the genome when replicating render the virus useless or uncompetitive. To compensate for this, RNA viruses often have segmented genomes – the genome is split into smaller molecules – thus reducing the chance that an error in a single-component genome will incapacitate the entire genome. In contrast, DNA viruses generally have larger genomes because of the high fidelity of their replication enzymes. Single-strand DNA viruses are an exception to this rule, however, as mutation rates for these genomes can approach the extreme of the ssRNA virus case.
Viruses undergo genetic change by several mechanisms. These include a process called antigenic drift where individual bases in the DNA or RNA mutate to other bases. Most of these point mutations are "silent" – they do not change the protein that the gene encodes – but others can confer evolutionary advantages such as resistance to antiviral drugs. Antigenic shift occurs when there is a major change in the genome of the virus. This can be a result of recombination or reassortment. When this happens with influenza viruses, pandemics might result. RNA viruses often exist as quasispecies or swarms of viruses of the same species but with slightly different genome nucleoside sequences. Such quasispecies are a prime target for natural selection.
Segmented genomes confer evolutionary advantages; different strains of a virus with a segmented genome can shuffle and combine genes and produce progeny viruses or (offspring) that have unique characteristics. This is called reassortment or "viral sex".
Genetic recombination is the process by which a strand of DNA is broken and then joined to the end of a different DNA molecule. This can occur when viruses infect cells simultaneously and studies of viral evolution have shown that recombination has been rampant in the species studied. Recombination is common to both RNA and DNA viruses.
Replication cycle.
Viral populations do not grow through cell division, because they are acellular. Instead, they use the machinery and metabolism of a host cell to produce multiple copies of themselves, and they "assemble" in the cell.
The life cycle of viruses differs greatly between species but there are six "basic" stages in the life cycle of viruses:
The genetic material within virus particles, and the method by which the material is replicated, varies considerably between different types of viruses.
Effects on the host cell.
The range of structural and biochemical effects that viruses have on the host cell is extensive. These are called "cytopathic effects". Most virus infections eventually result in the death of the host cell. The causes of death include cell lysis, alterations to the cell's surface membrane and apoptosis. Often cell death is caused by cessation of its normal activities because of suppression by virus-specific proteins, not all of which are components of the virus particle.
Some viruses cause no apparent changes to the infected cell. Cells in which the virus is latent and inactive show few signs of infection and often function normally. This causes persistent infections and the virus is often dormant for many months or years. This is often the case with herpes viruses. Some viruses, such as Epstein-Barr virus, can cause cells to proliferate without causing malignancy, while others, such as papillomaviruses, are established causes of cancer.
Host range.
Viruses are by far the most abundant biological entities on Earth and they outnumber all the others put together. They infect all types of cellular life including animals, plants, bacteria and fungi. However, different types of viruses can infect only a limited range of hosts and many are species-specific. Some, such as smallpox virus for example, can infect only one species – in this case humans, and are said to have a narrow host range. Other viruses, such as rabies virus, can infect different species of mammals and are said to have a broad range. The viruses that infect plants are harmless to animals, and most viruses that infect other animals are harmless to humans. The host range of some bacteriophages is limited to a single strain of bacteria and they can be used to trace the source of outbreaks of infections by a method called phage typing.
Classification.
Classification seeks to describe the diversity of viruses by naming and grouping them on the basis of similarities. In 1962, André Lwoff, Robert Horne, and Paul Tournier were the first to develop a means of virus classification, based on the Linnaean hierarchical system. This system bases classification on phylum, class, order, family, genus, and species. Viruses were grouped according to their shared properties (not those of their hosts) and the type of nucleic acid forming their genomes. Later the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses was formed. However, viruses are not classified on the basis of phylum or class, as their small genome size and high rate of mutation makes it difficult to determine their ancestry beyond Order. As such, the Baltimore Classification is used to supplement the more traditional hierarchy.
ICTV classification.
The International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses (ICTV) developed the current classification system and wrote guidelines that put a greater weight on certain virus properties to maintain family uniformity. A unified taxonomy (a universal system for classifying viruses) has been established. The 7th lCTV Report formalised for the first time the concept of the virus species as the lowest taxon (group) in a branching hierarchy of viral taxa. However, at present only a small part of the total diversity of viruses has been studied, with analyses of samples from humans finding that about 20% of the virus sequences recovered have not been seen before, and samples from the environment, such as from seawater and ocean sediments, finding that the large majority of sequences are completely novel.
The general taxonomic structure is as follows:
In the current (2011) ICTV taxonomy, six orders have been established, the Caudovirales, Herpesvirales, Mononegavirales, Nidovirales, Picornavirales and Tymovirales. A seventh order Ligamenvirales has also been proposed. The committee does not formally distinguish between subspecies, strains, and isolates. In total there are 6 orders, 87 families, 19 subfamilies, 349 genera, about 2,284 species and over 3,000 types yet unclassified.
Baltimore classification.
The Nobel Prize-winning biologist David Baltimore devised the Baltimore classification system. The ICTV classification system is used in conjunction with the Baltimore classification system in modern virus classification.
The Baltimore classification of viruses is based on the mechanism of mRNA production. Viruses must generate mRNAs from their genomes to produce proteins and replicate themselves, but different mechanisms are used to achieve this in each virus family. Viral genomes may be single-stranded (ss) or double-stranded (ds), RNA or DNA, and may or may not use reverse transcriptase (RT). In addition, ssRNA viruses may be either sense (+) or antisense (−). This classification places viruses into seven groups:
As an example of viral classification, the chicken pox virus, varicella zoster (VZV), belongs to the order Herpesvirales, family "Herpesviridae", subfamily "Alphaherpesvirinae", and genus "Varicellovirus". VZV is in Group I of the Baltimore Classification because it is a dsDNA virus that does not use reverse transcriptase.
Role in human disease.
Examples of common human diseases caused by viruses include the common cold, influenza, chickenpox, and cold sores. Many serious diseases such as ebola, AIDS, avian influenza, and SARS are caused by viruses. The relative ability of viruses to cause disease is described in terms of virulence. Other diseases are under investigation as to whether they too have a virus as the causative agent, such as the possible connection between human herpesvirus 6 (HHV6) and neurological diseases such as multiple sclerosis and chronic fatigue syndrome. There is controversy over whether the bornavirus, previously thought to cause neurological diseases in horses, could be responsible for psychiatric illnesses in humans.
Viruses have different mechanisms by which they produce disease in an organism, which depends largely on the viral species. Mechanisms at the cellular level primarily include cell lysis, the breaking open and subsequent death of the cell. In multicellular organisms, if enough cells die, the whole organism will start to suffer the effects. Although viruses cause disruption of healthy homeostasis, resulting in disease, they may exist relatively harmlessly within an organism. An example would include the ability of the herpes simplex virus, which causes cold sores, to remain in a dormant state within the human body. This is called latency and is a characteristic of the herpes viruses, including Epstein-Barr virus, which causes glandular fever, and varicella zoster virus, which causes chickenpox and shingles. Most people have been infected with at least one of these types of herpes virus. However, these latent viruses might sometimes be beneficial, as the presence of the virus can increase immunity against bacterial pathogens, such as "Yersinia pestis".
Some viruses can cause lifelong or chronic infections, where the viruses continue to replicate in the body despite the host's defense mechanisms. This is common in hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus infections. People chronically infected are known as carriers, as they serve as reservoirs of infectious virus. In populations with a high proportion of carriers, the disease is said to be endemic.
Epidemiology.
Viral epidemiology is the branch of medical science that deals with the transmission and control of virus infections in humans. Transmission of viruses can be vertical, which means from mother to child, or horizontal, which means from person to person. Examples of vertical transmission include hepatitis B virus and HIV, where the baby is born already infected with the virus. Another, more rare, example is the varicella zoster virus, which, although causing relatively mild infections in humans, can be fatal to the foetus and newborn baby.
Horizontal transmission is the most common mechanism of spread of viruses in populations. Transmission can occur when: body fluids are exchanged during sexual activity, e.g., HIV; blood is exchanged by contaminated transfusion or needle sharing, e.g., hepatitis C; exchange of saliva by mouth, e.g., Epstein-Barr virus; contaminated food or water is ingested, e.g., norovirus; aerosols containing virions are inhaled, e.g., influenza virus; and insect vectors such as mosquitoes penetrate the skin of a host, e.g., dengue.
The rate or speed of transmission of viral infections depends on factors that include population density, the number of susceptible individuals, (i.e., those not immune), the quality of healthcare and the weather.
Epidemiology is used to break the chain of infection in populations during outbreaks of viral diseases. Control measures are used that are based on knowledge of how the virus is transmitted. It is important to find the source, or sources, of the outbreak and to identify the virus. Once the virus has been identified, the chain of transmission can sometimes be broken by vaccines. When vaccines are not available, sanitation and disinfection can be effective. Often, infected people are isolated from the rest of the community, and those that have been exposed to the virus are placed in quarantine. To control the outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in cattle in Britain in 2001, thousands of cattle were slaughtered. Most viral infections of humans and other animals have incubation periods during which the infection causes no signs or symptoms. Incubation periods for viral diseases range from a few days to weeks, but are known for most infections. Somewhat overlapping, but mainly following the incubation period, there is a period of communicability — a time when an infected individual or animal is contagious and can infect another person or animal. This, too, is known for many viral infections, and knowledge of the length of both periods is important in the control of outbreaks. When outbreaks cause an unusually high proportion of cases in a population, community, or region, they are called epidemics. If outbreaks spread worldwide, they are called pandemics.
Epidemics and pandemics.
Native American populations were devastated by contagious diseases, in particular, smallpox, brought to the Americas by European colonists. It is unclear how many Native Americans were killed by foreign diseases after the arrival of Columbus in the Americas, but the numbers have been estimated to be close to 70% of the indigenous population. The damage done by this disease significantly aided European attempts to displace and conquer the native population.
A pandemic is a worldwide epidemic. The 1918 flu pandemic, which lasted until 1919, was a category 5 influenza pandemic caused by an unusually severe and deadly influenza A virus. The victims were often healthy young adults, in contrast to most influenza outbreaks, which predominantly affect juvenile, elderly, or otherwise-weakened patients. Older estimates say it killed 40–50 million people, while more recent research suggests that it may have killed as many as 100 million people, or 5% of the world's population in 1918.
Most researchers believe that HIV originated in sub-Saharan Africa during the 20th century; it is now a pandemic, with an estimated 38.6 million people now living with the disease worldwide. The Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) and the World Health Organization (WHO) estimate that AIDS has killed more than 25 million people since it was first recognised on June 5, 1981, making it one of the most destructive epidemics in recorded history. In 2007 there were 2.7 million new HIV infections and 2 million HIV-related deaths.
Several highly lethal viral pathogens are members of the "Filoviridae". Filoviruses are filament-like viruses that cause viral hemorrhagic fever, and include the ebola and marburg viruses. The Marburg virus attracted widespread press attention in April 2005 for an outbreak in Angola. Beginning in October 2004 and continuing into 2005, the outbreak was the world's worst epidemic of any kind of viral hemorrhagic fever.
Cancer.
Viruses are an established cause of cancer in humans and other species. Viral cancers occur only in a minority of infected persons (or animals). Cancer viruses come from a range of virus families, including both RNA and DNA viruses, and so there is no single type of "oncovirus" (an obsolete term originally used for acutely transforming retroviruses). The development of cancer is determined by a variety of factors such as host immunity and mutations in the host. Viruses accepted to cause human cancers include some genotypes of human papillomavirus, hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, Epstein-Barr virus, Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus and human T-lymphotropic virus. The most recently discovered human cancer virus is a polyomavirus (Merkel cell polyomavirus) that causes most cases of a rare form of skin cancer called Merkel cell carcinoma.
Hepatitis viruses can develop into a chronic viral infection that leads to liver cancer. Infection by human T-lymphotropic virus can lead to tropical spastic paraparesis and adult T-cell leukemia. Human papillomaviruses are an established cause of cancers of cervix, skin, anus, and penis. Within the "Herpesviridae", Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus causes Kaposi's sarcoma and body cavity lymphoma, and Epstein–Barr virus causes Burkitt's lymphoma, Hodgkin's lymphoma, B lymphoproliferative disorder, and nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Merkel cell polyomavirus closely related to SV40 and mouse polyomaviruses that have been used as animal models for cancer viruses for over 50 years.
Host defence mechanisms.
The body's first line of defence against viruses is the innate immune system. This comprises cells and other mechanisms that defend the host from infection in a non-specific manner. This means that the cells of the innate system recognise, and respond to, pathogens in a generic way, but, unlike the adaptive immune system, it does not confer long-lasting or protective immunity to the host.
RNA interference is an important innate defence against viruses. Many viruses have a replication strategy that involves double-stranded RNA (dsRNA). When such a virus infects a cell, it releases its RNA molecule or molecules, which immediately bind to a protein complex called a dicer that cuts the RNA into smaller pieces. A biochemical pathway - the RISC complex, is activated, which ensures cell survival by degrading the viral mRNA. Rotaviruses have evolved to avoid this defence mechanism by not uncoating fully inside the cell, and releasing newly produced mRNA through pores in the particle's inner capsid. Their genomic dsRNA remains protected inside the core of the virion.
When the adaptive immune system of a vertebrate encounters a virus, it produces specific antibodies that bind to the virus and often render it non-infectious. This is called humoral immunity. Two types of antibodies are important. The first, called IgM, is highly effective at neutralizing viruses but is produced by the cells of the immune system only for a few weeks. The second, called IgG, is produced indefinitely. The presence of IgM in the blood of the host is used to test for acute infection, whereas IgG indicates an infection sometime in the past. IgG antibody is measured when tests for immunity are carried out.
Antibodies can continue to be an effective defence mechanism even after viruses have managed to gain entry to the host cell. A protein that is in cells, called TRIM21, can attach to the antibodies on the surface of the virus particle. This primes the subsequent destruction of the virus by the enzymes of the cell's proteosome system.
A second defence of vertebrates against viruses is called cell-mediated immunity and involves immune cells known as T cells. The body's cells constantly display short fragments of their proteins on the cell's surface, and, if a T cell recognises a suspicious viral fragment there, the host cell is destroyed by "killer T" cells and the virus-specific T-cells proliferate. Cells such as the macrophage are specialists at this antigen presentation. The production of interferon is an important host defence mechanism. This is a hormone produced by the body when viruses are present. Its role in immunity is complex; it eventually stops the viruses from reproducing by killing the infected cell and its close neighbours.
Not all virus infections produce a protective immune response in this way. HIV evades the immune system by constantly changing the amino acid sequence of the proteins on the surface of the virion. These persistent viruses evade immune control by sequestration, blockade of antigen presentation, cytokine resistance, evasion of natural killer cell activities, escape from apoptosis, and antigenic shift. Other viruses, called "neurotropic viruses", are disseminated by neural spread where the immune system may be unable to reach them.
Prevention and treatment.
Because viruses use vital metabolic pathways within host cells to replicate, they are difficult to eliminate without using drugs that cause toxic effects to host cells in general. The most effective medical approaches to viral diseases are vaccinations to provide immunity to infection, and antiviral drugs that selectively interfere with viral replication.
Vaccines.
Vaccination is a cheap and effective way of preventing infections by viruses. Vaccines were used to prevent viral infections long before the discovery of the actual viruses. Their use has resulted in a dramatic decline in morbidity (illness) and mortality (death) associated with viral infections such as polio, measles, mumps and rubella. Smallpox infections have been eradicated. Vaccines are available to prevent over thirteen viral infections of humans, and more are used to prevent viral infections of animals. Vaccines can consist of live-attenuated or killed viruses, or viral proteins (antigens). Live vaccines contain weakened forms of the virus, which do not cause the disease but, nonetheless, confer immunity. Such viruses are called attenuated. Live vaccines can be dangerous when given to people with a weak immunity, (who are described as immunocompromised), because in these people, the weakened virus can cause the original disease. Biotechnology and genetic engineering techniques are used to produce subunit vaccines. These vaccines use only the capsid proteins of the virus. Hepatitis B vaccine is an example of this type of vaccine. Subunit vaccines are safe for immunocompromised patients because they cannot cause the disease.
The yellow fever virus vaccine, a live-attenuated strain called 17D, is probably the safest and most effective vaccine ever generated.
Antiviral drugs.
Antiviral drugs are often nucleoside analogues, (fake DNA building-blocks), which viruses mistakenly incorporate into their genomes during replication. The life-cycle of the virus is then halted because the newly synthesised DNA is inactive. This is because these analogues lack the hydroxyl groups, which, along with phosphorus atoms, link together to form the strong "backbone" of the DNA molecule. This is called DNA chain termination. Examples of nucleoside analogues are aciclovir for Herpes simplex virus infections and lamivudine for HIV and Hepatitis B virus infections. Aciclovir is one of the oldest and most frequently prescribed antiviral drugs.
Other antiviral drugs in use target different stages of the viral life cycle. HIV is dependent on a proteolytic enzyme called the HIV-1 protease for it to become fully infectious. There is a large class of drugs called protease inhibitors that inactivate this enzyme.
Hepatitis C is caused by an RNA virus. In 80% of people infected, the disease is chronic, and without treatment, they are infected for the remainder of their lives. However, there is now an effective treatment that uses the nucleoside analogue drug ribavirin combined with interferon. The treatment of chronic carriers of the hepatitis B virus by using a similar strategy using lamivudine has been developed.
Infection in other species.
Viruses infect all cellular life and, although viruses occur universally, each cellular species has its own specific range that often infect only that species. Some viruses, called satellites, can replicate only within cells that have already been infected by another virus.
Animal viruses.
Viruses are important pathogens of livestock. Diseases such as foot-and-mouth disease and bluetongue are caused by viruses. Companion animals such as cats, dogs, and horses, if not vaccinated, are susceptible to serious viral infections. Canine parvovirus is caused by a small DNA virus and infections are often fatal in pups. Like all invertebrates, the honey bee is susceptible to many viral infections. However, most viruses co-exist harmlessly in their host and cause no signs or symptoms of disease.
Plant viruses.
There are many types of plant virus, but often they cause only a loss of yield, and it is not economically viable to try to control them. Plant viruses are often spread from plant to plant by organisms, known as "vectors". These are normally insects, but some fungi, nematode worms, and single-celled organisms have been shown to be vectors. When control of plant virus infections is considered economical, for perennial fruits, for example, efforts are concentrated on killing the vectors and removing alternate hosts such as weeds. Plant viruses cannot infect humans and other animals because they can reproduce only in living plant cells.
Plants have elaborate and effective defence mechanisms against viruses. One of the most effective is the presence of so-called resistance (R) genes. Each R gene confers resistance to a particular virus by triggering localised areas of cell death around the infected cell, which can often be seen with the unaided eye as large spots. This stops the infection from spreading. RNA interference is also an effective defence in plants. When they are infected, plants often produce natural disinfectants that kill viruses, such as salicylic acid, nitric oxide, and reactive oxygen molecules.
Plant virus particles or virus-like particles (VLPs) have applications in both biotechnology and nanotechnology. The capsids of most plant viruses are simple and robust structures and can be produced in large quantities either by the infection of plants or by expression in a variety of heterologous systems. Plant virus particles can be modified genetically and chemically to encapsulate foreign material and can be incorporated into supramolecular structures for use in biotechnology.
Bacterial viruses.
Bacteriophages are a common and diverse group of viruses and are the most abundant form of biological entity in aquatic environments – there are up to ten times more of these viruses in the oceans than there are bacteria, reaching levels of 250,000,000 bacteriophages per millilitre of seawater. These viruses infect specific bacteria by binding to surface receptor molecules and then entering the cell. Within a short amount of time, in some cases just minutes, bacterial polymerase starts translating viral mRNA into protein. These proteins go on to become either new virions within the cell, helper proteins, which help assembly of new virions, or proteins involved in cell lysis. Viral enzymes aid in the breakdown of the cell membrane, and, in the case of the T4 phage, in just over twenty minutes after injection over three hundred phages could be released.
The major way bacteria defend themselves from bacteriophages is by producing enzymes that destroy foreign DNA. These enzymes, called restriction endonucleases, cut up the viral DNA that bacteriophages inject into bacterial cells. Bacteria also contain a system that uses CRISPR sequences to retain fragments of the genomes of viruses that the bacteria have come into contact with in the past, which allows them to block the virus's replication through a form of RNA interference. This genetic system provides bacteria with acquired immunity to infection.
Archaean viruses.
Some viruses replicate within archaea: these are double-stranded DNA viruses with unusual and sometimes unique shapes. These viruses have been studied in most detail in the thermophilic archaea, particularly the orders Sulfolobales and Thermoproteales. Defences against these viruses may involve RNA interference from repetitive DNA sequences within archaean genomes that are related to the genes of the viruses.
Role in aquatic ecosystems.
A teaspoon of seawater contains about one million viruses.Most of these are bacteriophages, which are harmless to plants and animals, and are in fact essential to the regulation of saltwater and freshwater ecosystems.They infect and destroy bacteria in aquatic microbial communities, and are the most important mechanism of recycling carbon in the marine environment. The organic molecules released from the dead bacterial cells stimulate fresh bacterial and algal growth.
Microorganisms constitute more than 90% of the biomass in the sea. It is estimated that viruses kill approximately 20% of this biomass each day and that there are 15 times as many viruses in the oceans as there are bacteria and archaea. Viruses are the main agents responsible for the rapid destruction of harmful algal blooms, which often kill other marine life.
The number of viruses in the oceans decreases further offshore and deeper into the water, where there are fewer host organisms.
The effects of marine viruses are far-reaching; by increasing the amount of photosynthesis in the oceans, viruses are indirectly responsible for reducing the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere by approximately 3 gigatonnes of carbon per year.
Like any organism, marine mammals are susceptible to viral infections. In 1988 and 2002, thousands of harbor seals were killed in Europe by phocine distemper virus. Many other viruses, including caliciviruses, herpesviruses, adenoviruses and parvoviruses, circulate in marine mammal populations.
Role in evolution.
Viruses are an important natural means of transferring genes between different species, which increases genetic diversity and drives evolution. It is thought that viruses played a central role in the early evolution, before the diversification of bacteria, archaea and eukaryotes, at the time of the last universal common ancestor of life on Earth. Viruses are still one of the largest reservoirs of unexplored genetic diversity on Earth.
Applications.
Life sciences and medicine.
Viruses are important to the study of molecular and cell biology as they provide simple systems that can be used to manipulate and investigate the functions of cells. The study and use of viruses have provided valuable information about aspects of cell biology. For example, viruses have been useful in the study of genetics and helped our understanding of the basic mechanisms of molecular genetics, such as DNA replication, transcription, RNA processing, translation, protein transport, and immunology.
Geneticists often use viruses as vectors to introduce genes into cells that they are studying. This is useful for making the cell produce a foreign substance, or to study the effect of introducing a new gene into the genome. In similar fashion, virotherapy uses viruses as vectors to treat various diseases, as they can specifically target cells and DNA. It shows promising use in the treatment of cancer and in gene therapy. Eastern European scientists have used phage therapy as an alternative to antibiotics for some time, and interest in this approach is increasing, because of the high level of antibiotic resistance now found in some pathogenic bacteria.
Expression of heterologous proteins by viruses is the basis of several manufacturing processes that are currently being used for the production of various proteins such as vaccine antigens and antibodies. Industrial processes have been recently developed using viral vectors and a number of pharmaceutical proteins are currently in pre-clinical and clinical trials.
Materials science and nanotechnology.
Current trends in nanotechnology promise to make much more versatile use of viruses. From the viewpoint of a materials scientist, viruses can be regarded as organic nanoparticles.
Their surface carries specific tools designed to cross the barriers of their host cells. The size and shape of viruses, and the number and nature of the functional groups on their surface, is precisely defined. As such, viruses are commonly used in materials science as scaffolds for covalently linked surface modifications. A particular quality of viruses is that they can be tailored by directed evolution. The powerful techniques developed by life sciences are becoming the basis of engineering approaches towards nanomaterials, opening a wide range of applications far beyond biology and medicine.
Because of their size, shape, and well-defined chemical structures, viruses have been used as templates for organizing materials on the nanoscale. Recent examples include work at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington, D.C., using Cowpea Mosaic Virus (CPMV) particles to amplify signals in DNA microarray based sensors. In this application, the virus particles separate the fluorescent dyes used for signalling to prevent the formation of non-fluorescent dimers that act as quenchers. Another example is the use of CPMV as a nanoscale breadboard for molecular electronics.
Synthetic viruses.
Many viruses can be synthesized de novo ("from scratch") and the first synthetic virus was created in 2002. Although somewhat of a misconception, it is not the actual virus that is synthesized, but rather its DNA genome (in case of a DNA virus), or a cDNA copy of its genome (in case of RNA viruses). For many virus families the naked synthetic DNA or RNA (once enzymatically converted back from the synthetic cDNA) is infectious when introduced into a cell. That is, they contain all the necessary information to produce new viruses. This technology is now being used to investigate novel vaccine strategies. The ability to synthesize viruses has far-reaching consequences, since viruses can no longer be regarded as extinct, as long as the information of their genome sequence is known and permissive cells are available. Currently, the full-length genome sequences of 2408 different viruses (including smallpox) are publicly available at an online database, maintained by the National Institutes of Health.
Weapons.
The ability of viruses to cause devastating epidemics in human societies has led to the concern that viruses could be weaponised for biological warfare. Further concern was raised by the successful recreation of the infamous 1918 influenza virus in a laboratory. The smallpox virus devastated numerous societies throughout history before its eradication. There are only two centers in the world that are authorized by the WHO to keep stocks of smallpox virus: the Vector Institute in Russia and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States. However fears that it may be used as a weapon may not be totally unfounded. As the vaccine for smallpox sometimes had severe side-effects, it is no longer used routinely in any country. Thus, much of the modern human population has almost no established resistance to smallpox, and would be vulnerable to the virus.

</doc>
<doc id="19167684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167684" title="Virus (disambiguation)">
Virus (disambiguation)

A virus is a parasitic agent that is smaller than a bacterium and that can only reproduce after infecting a host cell.
Virus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19167691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167691" title="Boat drinks">
Boat drinks

The name "boat drinks" comes from the song "Boat Drinks" by Jimmy Buffett from the album "Volcano". Boat drinks are also known as umbrella drinks but are more commonly referred to as tiki drinks or exotic cocktails. These types of drinks are a class of cocktail generally containing rum and one or more fruit juices. They are usually garnished with Maraschino cherries or other fruit and often further ornamented with cocktail umbrellas. The quintessential boat drink is the mai tai. Outside of "Jimmy Buffett" culture and within the resurgent Tiki culture of today, these types of drinks are never referred to as "boat drinks". Instead, these types of cocktails are called "tiki drinks" or "exotic cocktails". The term "boat drinks" was not used to describe these cocktails until it was made popular by Jimmy Buffett.
Composition.
Boat drinks usually have a higher fraction of alcoholic ingredients than a highball, but less than a cocktail such as a martini or a manhattan. Typically, they contain at least one "hard" liquor (usually rum) one or more sweeter liquors (such as triple sec) with the balance made of fruit juices. Often there are additional flavorings such as Angostura bitters. Garnishes are often lavish.
A partial list of boat drinks.
Many famous exotic cocktails that can be referred to as "Boat drinks" are:. 
The menu at Trader Vic's includes 20-plus entries such as the "Dr Funk of Tahiti" and the "Honi Honi". Other Tiki bars have similarly long lists. Many of the more elaborate recipes are proprietary.
History.
Beverages similar to boat drinks are described by travelers to the Caribbean at least as early as 1920. Ralph Stock, while sailing around the world, alludes to drinks called
"swizzles" during his stop in Barbados. These drinks were often a variation of rum, sugar and lime juice, and did not have the same complexity of cocktails that were later served in "tiki" restaurants and bars of the 1950s and 1960s. 
Boat drinks were created from and rose to prominence in the late 1940s through the early 1970s as part of the Tiki culture. US servicemen returning from service in the South Pacific during World War II brought with them a taste for drinks made with exotic fruit juices.
In addition, the often indifferent quality of the liquor available at this time could be hidden.
Donn Beach, founder of Don The Beachcomber restaurants is credited for having invented the exotic cocktail in the late 1940s when he began mixing fruit jucies and flavored syrups with rum alcohol. Donn Beach called his cocktails Rhum Rhapsodies. 
Boat drinks have enjoyed a revival in recent times, again in parallel with a renewed interest in Tiki culture. Boat drinks frequently appear in movies from the 1950s until the present, either to evoke an escapist/tropical atmosphere, or to mock such an atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="19167695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167695" title="Richard Slinger">
Richard Slinger

Richard Aslinger (born September 16, 1971) is a retired American professional wrestler, known by his ring name Richard Slinger. Slinger was a long-time mainstay of All Japan Pro Wrestling and later Pro Wrestling Noah, where he was one of two "gaijin" heels to compete in the promotion. He is also one of several Noah wrestlers to be featured in the Japanese video game "King of Colosseum II".
Professional wrestling career.
All Japan Pro Wrestling (1989–2000).
The nephew of All Japan Pro Wrestling legend, the late Terry "Bam Bam" Gordy, Slinger became a trainee in All Japan Pro Wrestling dojo and was a regular there for much of the 1990s. He toured Japan with AJPW and a number of American wrestlers including André the Giant, Abdullah the Butcher and Giant Kimala II, Stan Hansen and Dan Spivey, Terry Gordy & Steve Williams, Johnny Ace, Dynamite Kid and Johnny Smith, Doug Furnas, Joe and Dean Malenko and The Southern Rockers (Rex King and Steve Doll) from September 29 to October 12, 1990.
During the next year, he would continue to team with Gordy and Williams in matches against Jumbo Tsuruta, Akira Taue and Yoshinari Ogawa. In August 1991, he and Jim Brunzell also faced The Blackharts (Apocalypse and Distraction) during their first Japanese tour. He also teamed with Stan Hansen and Dan Spivey defeating Toshiaki Kawada, Kenta Kobashi and Tsuyoshi Kikuchi in Honjo, Japan on October 16, 1991.
In early 1992, Slinger won the Junior Heavyweight Battle Royal held at Korakuen Hall on January 3, 1992. That same month, he and Johnny Ace competed in the "New Year's Giant Series" facing The Youngbloods (Chris & Mark Youngblood) on January 26, 1992. He also participated in the '92 Excite Series teaming with Terry Gordy & Steve Williams in a 6-man tag team match against Jumbo Tsuruta, Akira Taue and Yoshinari Ogawa at Tokyo's Korakuen Hall on February 23, 1992. The next night, they lost to Stan Hansen, Johnny Ace and Buddy Lee Parker in Kuraiki, Japan and against Hansen, Ace and James Earl Wright in Kisarazau, Japan two days later. They also lost to Hansen, The Patriot and The Eagle in Oita, Japan on April 10. 
He again teamed with Gordy and Williams during the '"92 Super Power Series" returning to Korakuen Hall to face Mitsuharu Misawa, Kenta Kobashi and Toshiaki Kawada on May 17 and, on May 25, they faced Jumbo Tsuruta, Akira Taue and Yoshinari Ogawa in a rematch at the Sendai Miyagi-ken Sports Center. This match was later aired on Japanese television at the end of the month. On June 2, the three would lose to Stan Hansen, Johnny Ace and The Patriot in Fukushima, Japan and, the following night, faced Misawa, Kawada and Kikuchi at the Niigata Shi Taiikukan. 
In the '"92 Summer Action Series", he teamed with The Patriot against Misawa & Kawada at Korakuen Hall on July 5. On October 4, he would team with Gordy and Williams against Mitsuhara Misawa, Kenta Kobashi and Tsuyoshi Kikuchi. For the rest of the month, he would team with Gordy and Williams several more times trading matches with Stan Hansen, Johnny Ace and several different partners including Dan Kroffat and Johnny Smith in Fuji, Okiyama, Nagaoka and Mito, Japan. 
On January 4, 1993, Slinger and Terry Gordy faced Akira Taue & Masa Fuchi in Tokyo and, on January 31, he teamed with Gordy and Williams to defeat Stan Hansen, Johnny Ace and Barry Horowitz. They lost to Stan Hansen, Johnny Ace and Dan Kroffat in Toyota, Japan on April 1 but defeated them in Honjo on May 15.
During the fall, he would also team with Steve Williams against Akira Taue and Toshiaki Kawada on September 3. He would also team with Williams and Bubba Rogers in 6-man tag team matches against Stan Hansen, Ted DiBiase and Dan Spivey (and later Kendall Windham) in Shizuoka, Kasumigaura and Matsumoto. They also wrestled Mitsuharu Misawa, Kenta Kobashi and Jun Akiyama in Yokosuka on November 13. 
From November 13 to December 3, Slinger and Tracey Smothers competed in the "1993 World's Strongest Tag Determination League" coming in last place with no points. Among the tournament's participants included Patriot and Eagle, Dan Kroffat and Doug Furnas, Danny Spivey and Johnny Ace, Toshiaki Kawada & Akira Taue, Stan Hansen and Giant Baba and winners Mitsu Misawa & Kenta Kobashi. During the tournament, he teamed with Steve Williams and Big Bubba against Mitsuharu Misawa, Kenta Kobashi and Jun Akiyama at the Niigata City Gym on November 29.
In January 1994, Slinger finished third place behind Takao Ōmori and Jun Akiyama for the "Asunaro Cup tournament". On August 5, Slinger made a one-time appearance in Smoky Mountain Wrestling where he wrestled and was pinned by Chris Walker at the "Night of Legends" supercard in Knoxville, Tennessee. Returning to Japan, he teamed with Stan Hansen and Bobby Duncum, Jr. to defeat Johnny Ace, Patriot, and The Eagle in Takaoka, Japan on September 4, 1995. During the "1997 Super Power Series", he faced Mitsuharu Misawa, Kenta Kobashi and Kentaro Shiga in a six-man tag team match with Steve Williams & The Lacrosse on May 31 and teamed with Satoru Asako against Daisuke Ikeda & Yoshinobu Kanemaru at Budokan Hall on June 6, 1997. In front of 16,300 fans, Slinger won the match when he pinned Kanemaru.
Pro Wrestling Noah (2000–2005).
In mid-2000, after Mitsuharu Misawa left the promotion and took all but two of All Japan's natives to form Noah, Slinger was given a chance as one of the foreign regulars. On October 7, he and Scorpio faced Naomichi Marufuji and Kenta Kobayashi at the Differ Ariake in Tokyo. He and Scorpio also teamed with Vader against Mitsuharu Misawa, Yoshinari Ogawa and Naomichi Marufuji at the Yokohama Bunka Taiikukan the following night. On October 20, he wrestled Yoshinari Ogawa at the Kenei Taiikukan. He teamed with Scorpio and Vader at the last event for Noah's "Voyage Navigation in November" facing Takao Ōmori, Yoshihiro Takayama and Satoru Asako at Korakuen Hall on November 16. At the Differ Ariake during the next few weeks, he and Vader would team against Akira Taue and Jun Izumida and with Makoto Hashi against Tamon Honda and Masao Inoue.
On February 17, 2002, Slinger and Scorpio lost to Yoshinari Ogawa and Naoki Sano when Slinger was pinned by Ogawa at Budokan Hall with 16,500 in attendance. On September 7, Slinger teamed with IZU, Scorpio and Vader to defeat Kenta Kobashi, Kentaro Shiga, Daisuke Ikeda and Mohammed Yone at Noah's "Navigation Over the Date Line" after a near-20 minute match. 
At the "2003 Navigation Over the Date Line", Slinger and Masashi Aoyagi beat Haruka Eigen and Kishin Kawabata at Budokan Hall when Slinger pinned Eigen on September 12, 2003. On September 14, Slinger participated in a one-night 6-man tag team tournament at the sold-out Hakata Star Lanes in which he joined with Maxx Justice and Superstar Steve as Team Sternness to advance to the finals against Team Burning (Akira Taue, Yoshinobu Kanemaru & Tsuyoshi Kikuchi). Slinger's team lost after Kikuchi used the fireball against Superstar Steve. On September 17, during the Noah's "Navigation Against The Current" tour, he and Tsuyoshi Kikuchi lost to KENTA and Takashi Sugiura at the Hiroshima Sports Center when he was pinned by Sugiura after a 10 minute match. Two days later, he teamed with IZU and Maxx Justice in a six-man tag team match against Scorpio, Michael Modest and Donovan Morgan at the Aichi Prefectural Gymnasium. These matches were later shown on Nippon TV.
On October 12, 2003, Slinger & Ricky Marvin lost to Mohammed Yone & Makoto Hashi at the sold-out Koshigaya Katsura Studio in Saitama, Japan. At Noah's "Navigation Against The Current", Slinger defeated Marufuji, KENTA and Kotaro Suzuki in a 6-man tag team match with Juventud Guerrera and Ricky Marvin on October 24.
On January 10, 2004, Slinger and Donovan Morgan defeated Masashi Aoyagi & Mitsuo Momota at Budokan Hall attended by 16,000 fans. On July 10, at Noah's first show at the legendary Tokyo Dome, Slinger and Scorpio defeated Akitoshi Saito & Makoto Hashi at Noah PPV "Departure 2004" when Slinger pinned Hashi in front of 50,000 fans at the Tokyo Dome. At the November 28, 2004 Sapporo show, Slinger aligned himself with Mitsuharu Misawa, Yoshinari Ogawa & Kotaro Suzuki by helping them fend off the post-match attack orchestrated by Scorpio. That same year, he was one of several Noah wrestlers to appear as a playable character in the Japanese video game "King of Colosseum II". 
On April 24, 2005, Slinger lost to former ally Scorpio, Michael Modest and Donovan Morgan when he teamed against them in a 6-man tag team match with Yoshinari Ogawa and Tsuyoshi Kikuchi at Budokan Hall. On May 29, Slinger teamed with Yoshinari Ogawa to defeat KENTA and Tsuyoshi Kikuchi. In a six-man tag team match with Yoshinari Ogawa and Mitsuharu Misawa two days later, he lost to Akitoshi Saito, Masao Inoue and Takashi Sugiura. In August, he and Lo Ki received a shot against GHC Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champions Yoshinobu Kanemaru and Takashi Sugiura but failed to win the titles. After the tour, he quietly retired in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19167736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167736" title="Flag of Sikkim">
Flag of Sikkim

The national flag of Sikkim consisted of a Buddhist "khorlo" prayer wheel with the "gankyil" as the central element. 
Overview.
Until 1967, the previous flag showed a very complex design with a fanciful border and religious pictograms surrounding the khorlo.
A more simple design was adopted in 1967 because of the difficulty in duplication of the complex flag. The border became solid red, the pictograms were removed and the wheel was redesigned. 
With the annexation of Sikkim to India and with the abolition of the monarchy, the use of the flag ceased. 

</doc>
<doc id="19167738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167738" title="A Mind to Kill">
A Mind to Kill

A Mind to Kill is a police detective series set in Wales, UK. It was developed from a 1991 pilot which starred Philip Madoc as DCI Bain, and Hywel Bennett. The series ran from 1994 to 2004 and first aired as "Yr Heliwr" on S4C, the Welsh language TV channel, before being broadcast on the UK Network channel, Channel 5. The series was filmed in English and in Welsh, with each scene being shot first in one language and then in the other. It has since been dubbed into more than a dozen languages and shown all over the world. The 21 episodes have been divided into 3 series which are now available on DVD. The pilot episode is also available on DVD.
DCI Bain.
Philip Madoc plays Detective Chief Inspector (DCI) Noel Bain, a man who looks back fondly to the days when policing involved chasing villains, playing rugby and drinking beer. However, he has come to realise that contemporary policing imposes dilemmas that no training manual could ever anticipate. He is a man out of time and seeks to protect the old way of life, and what he believes are important traditional values. Bain is a widower who has a tempestuous relationship with his daughter, Hannah, (Ffion Wilkins). Despite resenting the lack of time her father spent with the family because of police work, Hannah becomes a Woman Police Constable (WPC) on the same police force. This is not just a job for Bain but his raison d'être which means that his journey is often an emotional and painful one as the personal and the universal collide.
Other Characters.
DCI Bain has a close friendship with police pathologist Professor Margaret Edwards (Sharon Morgan) but his true feelings for her remain ambiguous. Other regular characters include Gillian Elisa Thomas and Geraint Lewis. Joining the regulars in the last series were Bryn Fôn, Ieuan Rhys, Huw Llyr and Elen Bowman. The series also featured guest characters who were played by, among others, Margaret John, Ioan Gruffudd, Sue Jones-Davies, David Warner, John Rhys-Davies, Archie Panjabi, and Siân Phillips.
Style.
'Intricate plots, strongly drawn characters, and gritty authenticity mark this riveting Welsh drama series'. A Mind To Kill is a 'dark and twisty show... and CSI's ancestor', which has occasional graphic violence and nudity. Murder is the most extreme human action and stories sometimes play out against the most extraordinary of circumstances, e.g. a Miners' Strike (Black Silence), when the traditional way of life of the community is already under threat. There is a strong psychological element and as the series proceeds the stories begin to dig deeper into Bain’s subconscious. The unresolved death of his wife causes great mental anguish and torment, and his dealings with the people he meets and the crimes he investigates are not always as straightforward as they should be.
Location.
The series was set in South Wales and featured a variety of post-industrial, rural, urban and seaside landscapes. The pilot episode was filmed in the Aberystwyth area.

</doc>
<doc id="19167745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167745" title="Gérard Ouellet">
Gérard Ouellet

Gérard Ouellet (17 February 1913 – 3 April 1975) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a farmer by career.
Ouellet was born in East Hartford, Connecticut, United States, the son of Emile Ouellet and Celina-Rose Berube. He was first elected as a Social Credit party candidate at the Rimouski riding in the 1963 general election after an earlier unsuccessful attempt to win the riding in the 1962 election. On 23 April 1964, Ouellet left the Social Credit party and joined the Progressive Conservative party for the remainder of his term in the 26th Canadian Parliament. In the 1965 federal election, Ouellet was defeated at Rimouski by Louis Guy Leblanc of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19167764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167764" title="Undergarment">
Undergarment

Undergarments are clothes worn under other clothes, often directly next to the skin. They keep outer garments from being soiled by bodily secretions and discharges, shape the body, and provide support for parts of it. In cold weather, long underwear is sometimes worn to provide additional warmth. Some undergarments are intended for erotic effect. Special types of undergarments have religious significance. Some items of clothing are designed as undergarments, while others, such as T-shirts and certain types of shorts, are appropriate both as undergarments and as outer clothing. If made of suitable material, some undergarments can serve as nightwear or swimsuits.
Undergarments are generally of two types, those that are worn to cover the torso and underwear, though garments which cover both also are available. Different styles of undergarments are generally worn by women and men. Undergarments commonly worn by women today include brassieres and panties (known in the United Kingdom as knickers), while men often wear briefs or boxers. Items commonly worn by both sexes include T-shirts, sleeveless shirts (also called singlets or tank tops), bikini underwear, thongs, and G-strings.
Terminology.
There are several other terms for undergarments. "Underclothes", "underclothing" and "underwear" are formal terms, while undergarments may be more casually called, in Australia, "Reg Grundys" (rhyming slang for "undies") and "Reginalds", and, in the United Kingdom, "smalls" (from the earlier "smallclothes") and (historically) "unmentionables". In the United States, women's underwear may be known as "delicates" due to the recommended washing machine cycle.
Women's undergarments collectively are called "lingerie". They also are called "intimate clothing" and "intimates".
An undershirt ("vest" in the United Kingdom) is a piece of underwear covering the torso, while underpants (often "pants" in the United Kingdom), drawers, and shorts cover the genitals and buttocks. Terms for specific undergarments are shown in the table below.
Not wearing underpants under outer clothing is known in American slang as "freeballing" for men and as "going commando" for either sex. The act of a woman not wearing a bra is referred to as "freeboobing".
Function.
Underwear is worn for a variety of reasons. They keep outer garments from being soiled by perspiration, urine, semen, menstrual blood and feces. Women's brassieres provide support for the breasts, and men's briefs serve the same function for the male genitalia. A corset may be worn as a foundation garment to alter a woman's body shape. For additional support and protection when playing sports, men often wear more tightly fitting underwear, including jockstraps and trunks. Women may wear sports bras which provide greater support, thus increasing comfort and reducing the chance of damage to the ligaments of the chest during high-impact exercises such as jogging.
In cold climates, underwear may constitute an additional layer of clothing helping to keep the wearer warm. Underwear may also be used to preserve the wearer's modesty – for instance, some women wear camisoles and slips (petticoats) under clothes that are sheer. Conversely, underwear can also be worn for erotic effect. It is possible to buy underwear made specifically for sexual titillation, such as edible underwear and crotchless panties or thongs.
Some items of clothing are designed as underwear, while others such as T-shirts and certain types of shorts are suitable both as underwear and as outer clothing. The suitability of underwear as outer clothing is, apart from the indoor or outdoor climate, largely dependent on societal norms, fashion and the requirements of the law. If made of suitable material, some underwear can serve as nightwear or swimsuits.
Religious functions.
Undergarments can also have religious significance:
Not wearing undergarments.
Some people choose not to wear any underwear. People may choose to "go commando," or not to wear underwear, for several reasons; among those reasons include comfort, to enable their outer garments (particularly those which are form-fitting) to look more flattering, to avoid creating a panty line, because they find it sexually exciting, or because they do not see any need for them.
Certain types of clothes, such as cycling shorts and kilts, are designed to be worn or are traditionally worn without underwear. This also applies for most clothes worn as nightwear and as swimwear.
Types and styles.
Common contemporary types and styles of undergarments are listed in the table below.
Fashions and trends.
Exposed underwear.
Underwear is sometimes partly exposed for fashion reasons or to titillate. A woman may, for instance, allow the top of her brassiere to be visible from under her collar, or wear a see-through blouse over it. Some men wear T-shirts underneath partly or fully unbuttoned shirts.
A common style among young men is to allow the trousers to sag below the waist, thus revealing the waistband or a greater portion of whatever underwear the man is wearing. A woman wearing low-rise trousers which expose the upper rear portion of her thong underwear is said to display a "whale tail".
History.
Ancient history.
The loincloth is the simplest form of underwear; it was probably the first undergarment worn by human beings. In warmer climates the loincloth was often the only clothing worn (effectively making it an outer garment rather than an undergarment), as was doubtless its origin, but in colder regions the loincloth often formed the basis of a person's clothing and was covered by other garments. In most ancient civilizations, this was the only undergarment available.
A loincloth may take three major forms. The first, and simplest, is simply a long strip of material which is passed between the legs and then around the waist. Archaeologists have found the remains of such loincloths made of leather dating back 7,000 years. The ancient Hawaiian "malo" was of this form, as are several styles of the Japanese "fundoshi". Another form is usually called a cache-sexe: a triangle of cloth is provided with strings or loops, which are used to fasten the triangle between the legs and over the genitals. Egyptian king Tutankhamun (1341 BC – 1323 BC) was found buried with numerous linen loincloths of this style. An alternate form is more skirt-like: a cloth is wrapped around the hips several times and then fastened with a girdle.
Men are said to have worn loincloths in ancient Greece and Rome, though it is unclear whether Greek women wore undergarments. There is some speculation that only slaves wore loincloths and that citizens did not wear undergarments beneath their chitons. Mosaics of the Roman period indicate that women (primarily in an athletic context, whilst wearing nothing else) sometimes wore "strophiae" (breastcloths) or brassieres made of soft leather, along with "subligacula" which were either in the form of shorts or loincloths. "Subligacula" were also worn by men.
The fabric used for loincloths may have been wool, linen or a linsey-woolsey blend. Only the upper classes could have afforded imported silk.
The loincloth continues to be worn by people around the world – it is the traditional form of undergarment in many Asian societies, for example. In various, mainly tropical, cultures, the traditional male dress may still consist of only a single garment below the waist or even none at all, with underwear as optional, including the Far-Eastern "dhoti" and "lungi", or the Scottish kilt.
Middle Ages and Renaissance.
In the Middle Ages, western men's underwear became looser fitting. The loincloth was replaced by loose, trouser-like clothing called braies, which the wearer stepped into and then laced or tied around the waist and legs at about mid-calf. Wealthier men often wore chausses as well, which only covered the legs. Braies were a type of trouser worn by Celtic and Germanic tribes in antiquity and by Europeans subsequently into the Middle ages. In the later middle ages they were used exclusively as undergarments.
By the time of the Renaissance, braies had become shorter to accommodate longer styles of chausses. Chausses were also giving way to form-fitting hose, which covered the legs and feet. Fifteenth-century hose were often particolored, with each leg in a different-coloured fabric or even more than one colour on a leg. However, many types of braies, chausses and hose were not intended to be covered up by other clothing, so they were not actually underwear in the strict sense.
Braies were usually fitted with a front flap that was buttoned or tied closed. This codpiece allowed men to urinate without having to remove the braies completely. Codpieces were also worn with hose when very short doublets – vest-like garments tied together in the front and worn under other clothing – were in fashion, as early forms of hose were open at the crotch. Henry VIII of England began padding his codpiece, which caused a spiralling trend of larger and larger codpieces that only ended by the end of the 16th century. It has been speculated that the King may have had the sexually transmitted disease syphilis, and his large codpiece may have included a bandage soaked in medication to relieve its symptoms. Henry VIII also wanted a healthy son and may have thought that projecting himself in this way would portray fertility. Codpieces were sometimes used as a pocket for holding small items.
Over the upper part of their bodies, both medieval men and women usually wore a close-fitting shirt-like garment called a chemise in France, or a smock or shift in England. The forerunner of the modern-day shirt, the chemise was tucked into a man's braies, under his outer clothing. Women wore a chemise underneath their gowns or robes, sometimes with petticoats over the chemise. Elaborately quilted petticoats might be displayed by a cut-away dress, in which case they served a skirt rather than an undergarment. During the 16th century, the farthingale was popular. This was a petticoat stiffened with reed or willow rods so that it stood out from a woman's body like a cone extending from the waist. 
Corsets also began to be worn about this time. At first they were called pairs of bodies, which refers to a stiffened decorative bodice worn on top of another bodice stiffened with buckram, reeds, canes, whalebone or other materials. These were not the small-waisted, curved corsets familiar from the Victorian era, but straight-lined stays that flattened the bust.
There is a myth that Crusaders, worried about the fidelity of their wives, forced them to wear chastity belts. There is no reference, image, or surviving belt to support this story. Most historians of this period are of the view that a chastity belt was worn to prevent sexual assault and that the woman kept the key.
Men's braies and hose were eventually replaced by simple cotton, silk or linen drawers, which were usually knee-length trousers with a button flap in the front.
Medieval people wearing only tunics, without underpants, can be see on works like by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, in the 
In 2012, findings in Lengberg Castle showed that lace and linen brassiere-like garments, one of which greatly resembled the modern bra, date back to hundreds of years before it was thought to exist. 
Enlightenment and Industrial Age.
The invention of the spinning jenny machines and the cotton gin in the second half of the 18th century made cotton fabrics widely available. This allowed factories to mass-produce underwear, and for the first time, people began buying undergarments in stores rather than making them at home.
Women's stays of the 18th century were laced behind and drew the shoulders back to form a high, round bosom and erect posture. Coloured stays were popular. With the relaxed country styles of the end of the century, stays became shorter and were unboned or only lightly boned, and were now called corsets. Tight lacing of a corset sometimes led to a woman needing to retire to the fainting room. As tight waists became fashionable in the 1820s, the corset was again boned and laced to form the figure. By the 1860s, a tiny ("wasp") waist came to be seen as a symbol of beauty, and the corsets were stiffened with whalebone or steel to accomplish this. By the 1880s, the dress reform movement was campaigning against the pain and damage to internal organs and bones caused by tight lacing. Inez Gaches-Sarraute invented the "health corset", with a straight-fronted bust made to help support the wearer's muscles. 
The corset was usually worn over a thin shirt-like shift of linen or cotton or muslin. In the latter half of the 19th century, as skirt styles became shorter, long drawers called pantalettes or pantaloons often accompanied the shift to keep the legs out of sight.
As skirts became fuller from the 1830s, women wore a profusion of petticoats to achieve a fashionable bell shape. By the 1850s, stiffened crinolines and later hoop skirts allowed ever wider skirts to be worn. The bustle, a frame or pad worn over the buttocks to enhance their shape, had been used off and on by women for two centuries, but reached the height of its popularity in the later 1880s, and went out of fashion for good in the 1890s.
Women dressed in crinolines often wore drawers under them for modesty and warmth.
Another common undergarment of the late-19th century for men, women and children was the union suit. Invented in Utica, New York, and patented in 1868, this was a one-piece front-buttoning garment usually made of knitted material with sleeves extending to the wrists and legs down to the ankles. It had a buttoned flap (known colloquially as the "access hatch", "drop seat" or "fireman's flap") in the back to ease visits to the toilet. The union suit was the precursor of long johns, a two-piece garment consisting of a long-sleeved top and long pants possibly named after American boxer John L. Sullivan who wore a similar garment in the ring.
The jockstrap was invented in 1874 by C.F. Bennett of a Chicago sporting goods company, Sharp & Smith, to provide comfort and support for bicycle jockeys riding the cobblestone streets of Boston, Massachusetts. In 1897 Bennett's newly formed Bike Web Company patented and began mass-producing the Bike Jockey Strap.
1900s to 1920s.
By the early 20th century, the mass-produced undergarment industry was booming, and competition forced producers to come up with all sorts of innovative and gimmicky designs to compete. The Hanes company emerged from this boom and quickly established itself as a top manufacturer of union suits, which were common until the 1930s. Textile technology continued to improve, and the time to make a single union suit dropped from days to minutes.
Meanwhile, designers of women's undergarments relaxed the corset. The invention of new, flexible but supportive materials allowed whalebone and steel bones to be removed. The emancipation or liberty bodice offered an alternative to constricting corsets, and in Australia and the UK the liberty bodice became a standard item for girls as well as women.
Men's underwear was also on the rise. Benjamin Joseph Clark, a migrant to Louisiana from New Jersey, opened a venture capitalist firm named Bossier in Bossier Parish. One product manufactured by his firm was tightly fitting boxers that resembled modern underwear. Though the company was bankrupt by the early 1900s, it had some impact on men's underwear design.
Underwear advertising first made an appearance in the 1910s. The first underwear print advertisement in the US appeared in the "Saturday Evening Post" in 1911 and featured oil paintings by J.C. Leyendecker of the "Kenosha Klosed Krotch". Early underwear advertisements emphasised durability and comfort, and fashion was not regarded as a selling point.
By the end of the 1910s, Chalmers Knitting Company split the union suit into upper and lower sections, effectively inventing the modern undershirt and drawers. Women wore lacier versions of this basic duo known as the camisole and drawers.
In 1912, the US had its first professional underwear designer. Lindsay "Layneau" Boudreaux, a French immigrant, established the short-lived panty company Layneau. Though her company closed within one year, it had a significant impact on many levels. Boudreaux showed the world that an American woman could establish and run a company, and she also caused a revolution in the underwear industry.
In 1913, a New York socialite named Mary Phelps Jacob changed women's fashion forever when she created the first brassiere by tying two handkerchiefs together with ribbon. Jacob's original intention was to cover the whalebone sticking out of her corset, which was visible through her sheer dress. Jacob began making brassieres for her family and friends, and news of the garment soon spread by word of mouth. By 1914, Jacob had a patent for her design and was marketing it throughout the US. Although women had worn brassiere-like garments in years past, Jacob's was the first to be successfully marketed and widely adopted.
By the end of the decade, trouser-like "bloomers", which were popularized by Amelia Jenks Bloomer (1818–1894) but invented by Elizabeth Smith Miller, gained popularity with the so-called Gibson Girls who enjoyed pursuits such as cycling and tennis. This new female athleticism helped push the corset out of style. The other major factor in the corset's demise was the fact that metal was globally in short supply during the First World War. Steel-laced corsets were dropped in favour of the brassiere.
Meanwhile, World War I soldiers were issued button-front shorts as underwear. The buttons attached to a separate piece of cloth, or "yoke", sewn to the front of the garment, and tightness of fit was adjusted by means of ties on the sides. This design proved so popular that it began to supplant the union suit in popularity by the end of the war. Rayon garments also became widely available in the post-war period.
In the 1920s, manufacturers shifted emphasis from durability to comfort. Union suit advertisements raved about patented new designs that reduced the number of buttons and increased accessibility. Most of these experimental designs had to do with new ways to hold closed the crotch flap common on most union suits and drawers. A new woven cotton fabric called nainsook gained popularity in the 1920s for its durability. Retailers also began selling preshrunk undergarments.
Also in the 1920s, as hemlines of women's dresses rose, women began to wear stockings to cover the exposed legs. Women's bloomers also became much shorter. The shorter bloomers became looser and less supportive as the boyish flapper look came into fashion. By the end of the decade, they came to be known as "step-ins", very much like modern panties but with wider legs. They were worn for the increased flexibility they afforded.
As dancing became a favourite pastime of young flappers, the garter belt was invented to keep stockings from falling. The increased sexual awareness of the flapper also made underwear sexier than ever before. It was the flappers who ushered in the era of lingerie.
In 1928, Maidenform, a company operated by Ida Rosenthal, a Russian immigrant, developed the brassiere and introduced modern cup sizes for bras.
1930s and 1940s.
Modern men's underwear was largely an invention of the 1930s. On 19 January 1935, Coopers Inc. sold the world's first briefs in Chicago. Designed by an "apparel engineer" named Arthur Kneibler, briefs dispensed with leg sections and had a Y-shaped overlapping fly. The company dubbed the design the "Jockey" since it offered a degree of support that had previously only been available from the jockstrap. Jockey briefs proved so popular that over 30,000 pairs were sold within three months of their introduction. Coopers, having renamed the company Jockey, sent its "Mascul-line" plane to make special deliveries of "masculine support" briefs to retailers across the US. In 1938, when Jockeys were introduced in the UK, they sold at the rate of 3,000 a week.
In this decade, companies also began selling buttonless drawers fitted with an elastic waistband. These were the first true boxer shorts, which were named for their resemblance to the shorts worn by professional fighters. Scovil Manufacturing introduced the snap fastener at this time, which became a popular addition to various kinds of undergarments. 
Women of the 1930s brought the corset back, now called the "girdle". The garment lacked the whalebone and metal supports and usually came with a brassiere (now usually called a "bra") and attached garters.
During World War II, elastic waistbands and metal snaps gave way once again to button fasteners due to rubber and metal shortages. Undergarments were harder to find as well, since soldiers abroad had priority to obtain them. By the end of the war, Jockey and Hanes remained the industry leaders in the US, but Cluett, Peabody and Company made a name for itself when it introduced a preshrinking process called "Sanforization", invented by Sanford Cluett in 1933, which came to be licensed by most major manufacturers.
Meanwhile, some women adopted the corset once again, now called the "waspie" for the wasp-shaped waistline it gave the wearer. Many women began wearing the strapless bra as well, which gained popularity for its ability to push the breasts up and enhance cleavage.
1950s and 1960s.
Before the 1950s, underwear consisted of simple, white pieces of clothing which were not to be shown in public. In the 1950s, underwear came to be promoted as a fashion item in its own right, and came to be made in prints and colours. Manufacturers also experimented with rayon and newer fabrics like Dacron, nylon and Spandex. By 1960, men's underwear was regularly printed in loud patterns, or with messages or images such as cartoon characters.
Women's undergarments began to emphasize the breasts instead of the waist. The decade saw the introduction of the bullet bra pointed bust, inspired by Christian Dior's "New Look", which featured pointed cups. The original Wonderbra and push-up bra by Frederick's of Hollywood finally hit it big. Women's panties became more colourful and decorative, and by the mid-1960s were available in two abbreviated styles called the hip-hugger and the bikini (named after the Pacific Ocean island of that name), frequently in sheer nylon fabric.
Pantyhose, also called "tights" in British English, which combined panties and hose into one garment, made their first appearance in 1959, invented by Glen Raven Mills of North Carolina. The company later introduced seamless pantyhose in 1965, spurred by the popularity of the miniskirt. By the end of the decade, the girdle had fallen out of favour as women chose sexier and lighter alternatives.
With the emergence of the woman's movement in the United States sales for pantyhose dropped off during the later half of the 1960s having soared initially.
1970s to the present day.
Underwear as fashion reached its peak in the 1970s and 1980s, and underwear advertisers forgot about comfort and durability, at least in advertising. Sex appeal became the main selling point, in swimwear as well, bringing to fruition a trend that had been building since at least the flapper era. 
The tank top, an undershirt named after the type of swimwear dating from the 1920s known as a tank suit or maillot, became popular warm-weather casual outerwear in the US in the 1980s. Performers such as Madonna and Cyndi Lauper were also often seen wearing their undergarments on top of other clothes.
Although worn for decades by exotic dancers, in the 1980s the G-string first gained popularity in South America, particularly in Brazil. Originally a style of swimsuit, the back of the garment is so narrow that it disappears between the buttocks. By the 1990s the design had made its way to most of the Western world, and thong underwear became popular. Today, the thong is one of the fastest-selling styles of underwear among women, and is also worn by men.
While health and practicality had previously been emphasized, in the 1970s retailers of men's underpants began focusing on fashion and sex appeal. Designers such as Calvin Klein began featuring near-naked models in their advertisements. The increased wealth of the gay community helped to promote a diversity of undergarment choices. In his book "The Philosophy of Andy Warhol" (1975), Andy Warhol wrote:
Warhol liked his Jockey briefs so much that he used a pair as a canvas for one of his dollar-sign paintings.
In the UK in the 1970s, tight jeans gave briefs a temporary edge over boxer shorts, but a decade later boxers were given a boost by Nick Kamen's performance in Levi's "Launderette" TV commercial for its 501 jeans, during which he stripped down to a pair of white boxer shorts in a public laundromat.
The 1990s saw the introduction of boxer briefs, which take the longer shape of boxers but maintain the tightness of briefs. Hip hop stars popularized "sagging", in which loosely fitting jeans or shorts were allowed to droop below the waist, exposing the waistband or a greater portion of boxer shorts, briefs, or boxer briefs worn underneath. The chiselled muscularity of Mark Wahlberg (then known as Marky Mark) in a series of 1990s underwear advertisements for Calvin Klein led to his success as a white hip hop star and a Hollywood actor.
Industry.
Market.
In January 2008 it was reported that, according to market research firm Mintel, the men's underwear market in the UK was worth £674 million, and volume sales of men's underpants rose by 24% between 2000 and 2005. British manufacturers and retailers claim that most British men prefer "trunks", or short boxer briefs. The director of menswear of major British retailer Marks & Spencer (M&S), which sells 40 million pairs of men's underpants a year, was quoted as saying that while boxer shorts were still the most popular at M&S, demand was easing off in favour of hipster trunks similar in design to the swimming trunks worn by actor Daniel Craig in the James Bond film "Casino Royale" (2006).
Designers and retailers.
A number of major designer labels are renowned for their underwear collections, including Calvin Klein and Dolce & Gabbana. Likewise, specialist underwear brands such as Andrew Christian, 2(x)ist, C-IN2, Ginch Gonch, Lord, Obviously, Kitts and Papi are constantly emerging.
Specialist retailers of underwear include high street stores La Senza (Canada), Agent Provocateur (UK), Victoria's Secret (USA), and GapBody, the lingerie division of the Gap established in 1998 (USA). Online retailer, Freshpair, emerged in 2000 in New York and in 2008 Abercrombie & Fitch opened a new chain of stores, Gilly Hicks, to compete with other underwear retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="19167821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167821" title="Hauling-out">
Hauling-out

Hauling-out is the behaviour associated with pinnipeds (true seals, sea lions, fur seals and walruses), of temporarily leaving the water between periods of foraging activity for sites on land or ice. Hauling-out is necessary in seals for mating (with the exception of the Baikal Seal) and giving birth (though a distinction is generally made between reproductive aggregations, termed "rookeries", and non-reproductive aggregations, termed "haul-outs"). Other benefits of hauling-out may include predator avoidance, thermal regulation, social activity, parasite reduction' and rest. 
There is much variety in haul-out patterns among different seal species. Haul-out sites may be segregated by age and sex within the same species. Many species of pinniped have only a few localized rookeries where they breed, but periodically occupy hundreds of haul-out sites throughout the range. For example, the Australian Fur Seals breed on only nine islands in Bass Strait but also occupy up to 50 haul-out sites in south-east Australian waters, and Steller sea lions have around 50 rookeries throughout their range, but several hundred haul-out sites. 

</doc>
<doc id="19167832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167832" title="The Very Best of the Human League">
The Very Best of the Human League

The Very Best of the Human League may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19167835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167835" title="Gérard Chapdelaine">
Gérard Chapdelaine

Gérard Chapdelaine (born 31 July 1935 at Coaticook, Quebec) was a Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Sherbrooke riding in the 1962 general election and re-elected in 1963. In the 1965 election, After being embroiled in the 1963 Social Credit party split, Chapdelaine campaigned as an independent candidate at Sherbrooke, but was defeated by independent Progressive Conservative candidate Maurice Allard.

</doc>
<doc id="19167840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167840" title="Chronology of the universe">
Chronology of the universe

This chronology of the universe describes the history and future of the universe according to Big Bang cosmology, the prevailing scientific model of how the universe developed over time from the Planck epoch, using the cosmological time parameter of comoving coordinates. The instant in which the universe is thought to have begun rapidly expanding from a singularity is known as the Big Bang. As of 2013, this expansion is estimated to have begun 13.798 ± 0.037 billion years ago. It is convenient to divide the evolution of the universe so far into three phases. 
Summary.
The very earliest universe was so hot, or energetic, that initially no particles existed or could exist (except perhaps in the most fleeting sense), and the forces we see around us today were believed to be merged into one unified force. Space-time itself expanded during an inflationary epoch due to the immensity of the energies involved. Gradually the immense energies cooled – still to a temperature inconceivably hot compared to any we see around us now, but sufficiently to allow forces to gradually undergo symmetry breaking, a kind of repeated condensation from one status quo to another, leading finally to the separation of the strong force from the electroweak force and the first particles. 
In the second phase, this quark-gluon plasma universe then cooled further, the current fundamental forces we know take their present forms through further symmetry breaking – notably the breaking of electroweak symmetry – and the full range of complex and composite particles we see around us today became possible, leading to a gravitationally dominated universe, the first neutral atoms (~ 80% hydrogen), and the cosmic microwave background radiation we can detect today. Modern high energy particle physics theories are satisfactory at these energy levels, and so physicists believe they have a good understanding of this and subsequent development of the fundamental universe around us. Because of these changes, space had also become largely transparent to light and other electromagnetic energy, rather than "foggy", by the end of this phase. 
The third phase started after a short dark age with a universe whose fundamental particles and forces were as we know them, and witnessed the emergence of large scale stable structures, such as the earliest stars, quasars, galaxies, clusters of galaxies and superclusters, and the development of these to create the kind of universe we see today. Some researchers call the development of all this physical structure over billions of years "cosmic evolution". Other, more interdisciplinary, researchers refer to "cosmic evolution" as the entire scenario of growing complexity from big bang to humankind, thereby incorporating biology and culture into a grand unified view of all complex systems in the universe to date.
Beyond the present day, scientists anticipate that the Earth will cease to be able to support life in about a billion years, and will be drawn into the Sun in about 5 billion years. On a far longer timescale, the Stelliferous Era will end as stars eventually die and fewer are born to replace them, leading to a darkening universe. Various theories suggest a number of subsequent possibilities. If particles such as protons are unstable then eventually matter may evaporate into low level energy in a kind of entropy related heat death. Alternatively the universe may collapse in a big crunch, although current data shows the rate of expansion is still increasing. If this is correct then it may end in a "big freeze" as matter and energy become very thinly spread and cool down. Alternative suggestions include a false vacuum catastrophe or a Big Rip as possible ends to the universe.
Very early universe.
All ideas concerning the very early universe (cosmogony) are speculative. No accelerator experiments have yet probed energies of sufficient magnitude to provide any experimental insight into the behavior of matter at the energy levels that prevailed during this period. Proposed scenarios differ radically. Some examples are the Hartle–Hawking initial state, string landscape, brane inflation, string gas cosmology, and the ekpyrotic universe. Some of these are mutually compatible, while others are not.
Planck epoch.
The Planck epoch is an era in traditional (non-inflationary) big bang cosmology wherein the temperature was so high that the four fundamental forces—electromagnetism, gravitation, weak nuclear interaction, and strong nuclear interaction—were one fundamental force. Little is understood about physics at this temperature; different hypotheses propose different scenarios. Traditional big bang cosmology predicts a gravitational singularity before this time, but this theory relies on general relativity and is expected to break down due to quantum effects. Physicists hope that such proposed theories of quantum gravitation as string theory, loop quantum gravity, and causal sets, will eventually provide a better understanding of this epoch.
In inflationary cosmology, times before the end of inflation (roughly 10−32 second after the Big Bang) follow not the traditional big bang timeline. The universe before the end of inflation is a very cold near-vacuum and persists for much longer than 10−32 second. Times from the end of inflation are based on the big bang time of the non-inflationary big bang model, not on the actual age of the universe at that time, which cannot be determined in inflationary cosmology. Therefore, inflationary cosmology lacks a traditional Planck epoch--though similar conditions may have prevailed in a pre-inflationary era of the universe.
Grand unification epoch.
As the universe expands and cools, it crosses transition temperatures at which forces separate from each other. These are phase transitions much like condensation and freezing. The grand unification epoch begins when gravitation separates from the other forces of nature, which are collectively known as gauge forces. The non-gravitational physics in this epoch would be described by a so-called grand unified theory (GUT). The grand unification epoch ends when the GUT forces further separate into the strong and electroweak forces. This transition should produce magnetic monopoles in large quantities, which are not observed. The lack of magnetic monopoles was one problem solved by the introduction of inflation.
In modern inflationary cosmology, the traditional grand unification epoch, like the Planck epoch, does not exist, though similar conditions likely would have existed in the universe prior to inflation.
Electroweak epoch.
In traditional big bang cosmology, the Electroweak epoch begins 10−36 second after the Big Bang, when the temperature of the universe is low enough (1028 K) to separate the strong force from the electroweak force (the name for the unified forces of electromagnetism and the weak interaction). In inflationary cosmology, the electroweak epoch begins when the inflationary epoch ends, at roughly 10−32 second.
Inflationary epoch.
Cosmic inflation is an era of accelerating expansion produced by a hypothesized field called the inflaton, which would have properties similar to the Higgs field and dark energy. While decelerating expansion magnifies deviations from homogeneity, making the universe more chaotic, accelerating expansion makes the universe more homogeneous. A sufficiently long period of inflationary expansion in our past could explain the high degree of homogeneity that is observed in the universe today at large scales, even if the state of the universe before inflation was highly disordered.
Inflation ends when the inflaton field decays into ordinary particles in a process called "reheating", at which point ordinary Big Bang expansion begins. The time of reheating is usually quoted as a time "after the Big Bang". This refers to the time that would have passed in traditional (non-inflationary) cosmology between the Big Bang singularity and the universe dropping to the same temperature that was produced by reheating, even though, in inflationary cosmology, the traditional Big Bang did not occur.
According to the simplest inflationary models, inflation ended at a temperature corresponding to roughly 10−32 second after the Big Bang. As explained above, this does not imply that the inflationary era lasted less than 10−32 second. In fact, in order to explain the observed homogeneity of the universe, the duration must be longer than 10−32 second. In inflationary cosmology, the earliest meaningful time "after the Big Bang" is the time of the end of inflation.
Baryogenesis.
There is currently insufficient observational evidence to explain why the universe contains far more baryons than antibaryons. A candidate explanation for this phenomenon must allow the Sakharov conditions to be satisfied at some time after the end of cosmological inflation. While particle physics suggests asymmetries under which these conditions are met, these asymmetries are too small empirically to account for the observed baryon-antibaryon asymmetry of the universe.
Early universe.
After cosmic inflation ends, the universe is filled with a quark–gluon plasma. From this point onwards the physics of the early universe is better understood, and less speculative.
Supersymmetry breaking (speculative).
If supersymmetry is a property of our universe, then it must be broken at an energy that is no lower than 1 TeV, the electroweak symmetry scale. The masses of particles and their superpartners would then no longer be equal, which could explain why no superpartners of known particles have ever been observed.
Electroweak symmetry breaking and the quark epoch.
As the universe's temperature falls below a certain very high energy level, it is believed that the Higgs field spontaneously acquires a vacuum expectation value, which breaks electroweak gauge symmetry. This has two related effects:
At the end of this epoch, the fundamental interactions of gravitation, electromagnetism, the strong interaction and the weak interaction have now taken their present forms, and fundamental particles have mass, but the temperature of the universe is still too high to allow quarks to bind together to form hadrons.
Hadron epoch.
The quark-gluon plasma that composes the universe cools until hadrons, including baryons such as protons and neutrons, can form. At approximately 1 second after the Big Bang neutrinos decouple and begin traveling freely through space. This cosmic neutrino background, while unlikely to ever be observed in detail since the neutrino energies are very low, is analogous to the cosmic microwave background that was emitted much later. (See above regarding the quark-gluon plasma, under the String Theory epoch.) However, there is strong indirect evidence that the cosmic neutrino background exists, both from Big Bang nucleosynthesis predictions of the helium abundance, and from anisotropies in the cosmic microwave background
Lepton epoch.
The majority of hadrons and anti-hadrons annihilate each other at the end of the hadron epoch, leaving leptons and anti-leptons dominating the mass of the universe. Approximately 10 seconds after the Big Bang the temperature of the universe falls to the point at which new lepton/anti-lepton pairs are no longer created and most leptons and anti-leptons are eliminated in annihilation reactions, leaving a small residue of leptons.
Photon epoch.
After most leptons and anti-leptons are annihilated at the end of the lepton epoch the energy of the universe is dominated by photons. These photons are still interacting frequently with charged protons, electrons and (eventually) nuclei, and continue to do so for the next 380,000 years.
Nucleosynthesis.
During the photon epoch the temperature of the universe falls to the point where atomic nuclei can begin to form. Protons (hydrogen ions) and neutrons begin to combine into atomic nuclei in the process of nuclear fusion. Free neutrons combine with protons to form deuterium. Deuterium rapidly fuses into helium-4. Nucleosynthesis only lasts for about seventeen minutes, since the temperature and density of the universe has fallen to the point where nuclear fusion cannot continue. By this time, all neutrons have been incorporated into helium nuclei. This leaves about three times more hydrogen than helium-4 (by mass) and only trace quantities of other nuclei.
Matter domination.
At this time, the densities of non-relativistic matter (atomic nuclei) and relativistic radiation (photons) are equal. The Jeans length, which determines the smallest structures that can form (due to competition between gravitational attraction and pressure effects), begins to fall and perturbations, instead of being wiped out by free-streaming radiation, can begin to grow in amplitude.
According to ΛCDM, at this stage, cold dark matter dominates, paving the way for gravitational collapse to amplify the tiny inhomogeneities left by cosmic inflation, making dense regions denser and rarefied regions more rarefied. However, because present theories as to the nature of dark matter are inconclusive, there is as yet no consensus as to its origin at earlier times, as currently exist for baryonic matter.
Recombination.
Hydrogen and helium "atoms" begin to form as the density of the universe falls. This is thought to have occurred about 377,000 years after the Big Bang. Hydrogen and helium are at the beginning ionized, i.e., no electrons are bound to the nuclei, which (containing positively charged protons) are therefore electrically charged (+1 and +2 respectively). As the universe cools down, the electrons get captured by the ions, forming electrically neutral atoms. This process is relatively fast (actually faster for the helium than for the hydrogen) and is known as recombination. At the end of recombination, most of the protons in the universe are bound up in neutral atoms. Therefore, the photons' mean free path becomes effectively infinite and the photons can now travel freely (see Thomson scattering): the universe has become transparent. This cosmic event is usually referred to as decoupling. 
The photons present at the time of decoupling are the same photons that we see in the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation, after being greatly cooled by the expansion of the Universe. Around the same time, existing pressure waves within the electron-baryon plasma — known as baryon acoustic oscillations — became embedded in the distribution of matter as it condensed, giving rise to a very slight preference in distribution of large scale objects. Therefore the cosmic microwave background is a picture of the universe at the end of this epoch including the tiny fluctuations generated during inflation (see diagram), and the spread of objects such as galaxies in the universe is an indication of the scale and size of the universe as it developed over time.
Dark Ages.
Before decoupling occurs, most of the photons in the universe are interacting with electrons and protons in the photon–baryon fluid. The universe is opaque or "foggy" as a result. There is light but not light we could observe through telescopes. The baryonic matter in the universe consisted of ionized plasma, and it only became neutral when it gained free electrons during "recombination", thereby releasing the photons creating the CMB. When the photons were released (or decoupled) the universe became transparent. At this point the only radiation emitted is the 21 cm spin line of neutral hydrogen. There is currently an observational effort underway to detect this faint radiation, as it is in principle an even more powerful tool than the cosmic microwave background for studying the early universe. The Dark Ages are currently thought to have lasted between 150 million to 800 million years after the Big Bang. The October 2010 discovery of UDFy-38135539, the first observed galaxy to have existed during the following reionization epoch, gives us a window into these times. The galaxy earliest in this period observed and thus also the most distant galaxy ever observed is currently on the record of Leiden University's Richard J. Bouwens and Garth D. Illingsworth from UC Observatories/Lick Observatory. They found the galaxy UDFj-39546284 to be at a time some 480 million years after the Big Bang or about halfway through the Cosmic Dark Ages at a distance of about 13.2 billion light-years. More recently, the UDFj-39546284 galaxy was found to be around "380 million years" after the Big Bang and at a distance of 13.37 billion light-years.
Structure formation.
Structure formation in the big bang model proceeds hierarchically, with smaller structures forming before larger ones. The first structures to form are quasars, which are thought to be bright, early active galaxies, and population III stars. Before this epoch, the evolution of the universe could be understood through linear cosmological perturbation theory: that is, all structures could be understood as small deviations from a perfect homogeneous universe. This is computationally relatively easy to study. At this point non-linear structures begin to form, and the computational problem becomes much more difficult, involving, for example, "N"-body simulations with billions of particles.
Reionization.
The first stars and quasars form from gravitational collapse. The intense radiation they emit reionizes the surrounding universe. From this point on, most of the universe is composed of plasma.
Formation of stars.
The first stars, most likely Population III stars, form and start the process of turning the light elements that were formed in the Big Bang (hydrogen, helium and lithium) into heavier elements. However, as yet there have been no observed Population III stars, and understanding of them is currently based on computational models of their formation and evolution.
Formation of galaxies.
Large volumes of matter collapse to form a galaxy. Population II stars are formed early on in this process, with Population I stars formed later.
Johannes Schedler's project has identified a quasar CFHQS 1641+3755 at 12.7 billion light-years away, when the Universe was just 7% of its present age.
On July 11, 2007, using the 10-metre Keck II telescope on Mauna Kea, Richard Ellis of the California Institute of Technology at Pasadena and his team found six star forming galaxies about 13.2 billion light years away and therefore created when the universe was only 500 million years old. Only about 10 of these extremely early objects are currently known. More recent observations have shown these ages to be shorter than previously indicated. The most distant galaxy observed as of October 2013 has been reported to be 13.1 billion light years away.
The Hubble Ultra Deep Field shows a number of small galaxies merging to form larger ones, at 13 billion light years, when the Universe was only 5% its current age. This age estimate is now believed to be slightly shorter (see Reference quoted at the end of the previous paragraph).
Based upon the emerging science of nucleocosmochronology, the Galactic thin disk of the Milky Way is estimated to have been formed 8.8 ± 1.7 billion years ago.
Formation of groups, clusters and superclusters.
Gravitational attraction pulls galaxies towards each other to form groups, clusters and superclusters.
Formation of the Solar System.
The Solar System began forming about 4.6 billion years ago, or about 9 billion years after the Big Bang. A molecular cloud made mostly of hydrogen and traces of other elements began to collapse, forming a large sphere in the center which would become the Sun, as well as a surrounding disk. The surrounding accretion disk would coalesce into a multitude of smaller objects that would become planets, asteroids, and comets. The Sun is a late-generation star, and the Solar System incorporates matter created by previous generations of stars.
Today.
The Big Bang is estimated to have occurred about 13.8 billion years ago. Since the expansion of the universe appears to be accelerating, the cosmic web is likely to be the largest structure that will ever form in the universe. The present accelerated expansion prevents any more inflationary structures entering the horizon and prevents new gravitationally bound structures from forming.
Ultimate fate of the universe.
As with interpretations of what happened in the very early universe, advances in fundamental physics are required before it will be possible to know the ultimate fate of the universe with any certainty. Below are some of the main possibilities.
Fate of the Solar system: 1 to 5 billion years.
Over a timescale of a billion years or more, the Earth and Solar System are unstable. Earth's existing biosphere is expected to vanish in about a billion years, as the Sun's heat production gradually increases to the point that liquid water and life are unlikely; the Earth's magnetic fields, axial tilt and atmosphere are subject to long term change; and the Solar System itself is chaotic over million- and billion-year timescales; Eventually in around 5.4 billion years from now, the core of the Sun will become hot enough to trigger hydrogen fusion in its surrounding shell. This will cause the outer layers of the star to expand greatly, and the star will enter a phase of its life in which it is called a red giant. Within 7.5 billion years, the Sun will have expanded to a radius of 1.2 AU—256 times its current size, and studies announced in 2008 show that due to tidal interaction between Sun and Earth, Earth would actually fall back into a lower orbit, and get engulfed and incorporated inside the Sun before the Sun reaches its largest size, despite the Sun losing about 38% of its mass. The Sun itself will continue to exist for many billions of years, passing through a number of phases, and eventually ending up as a long-lived white dwarf. Eventually, after billions more years, the Sun will finally cease to shine altogether, becoming a black dwarf.
Big freeze: 100 trillion years and beyond.
This scenario is generally considered to be the most likely, as it occurs if the universe continues expanding as it has been. Over a time scale on the order of 1014 years or less, existing stars burn out, stars cease to be created, and the universe goes dark., §IID. Over a much longer time scale in the eras following this, the galaxy evaporates as the stellar remnants comprising it escape into space, and black holes evaporate via Hawking radiation., §III, §IVG. In some grand unified theories, proton decay after at least 1034 years will convert the remaining interstellar gas and stellar remnants into leptons (such as positrons and electrons) and photons. Some positrons and electrons will then recombine into photons., §IV, §VF. In this case, the universe has reached a high-entropy state consisting of a bath of particles and low-energy radiation. It is not known however whether it eventually achieves thermodynamic equilibrium., §VIB, VID.
Big Crunch: 100+ billion years from now.
If the energy density of dark energy were negative or the universe were closed, then it would be possible that the expansion of the universe would reverse and the universe would contract towards a hot, dense state. This is a required element of oscillatory universe scenarios, such as the cyclic model, although a Big Crunch does not necessarily imply an oscillatory Universe. Current observations suggest that this model of the universe is unlikely to be correct, and the expansion will continue or even accelerate.
Big Rip: 20+ billion years from now.
This scenario is possible only if the energy density of dark energy actually increases without limit over time. Such dark energy is called phantom energy and is unlike any known kind of energy. In this case, the expansion rate of the universe will increase without limit. Gravitationally bound systems, such as clusters of galaxies, galaxies, and ultimately the Solar System will be torn apart. Eventually the expansion will be so rapid as to overcome the electromagnetic forces holding molecules and atoms together. Finally even atomic nuclei will be torn apart and the universe as we know it will end in an unusual kind of gravitational singularity. At the time of this singularity, the expansion rate of the universe will reach infinity, so that any and all forces (no matter how strong) that hold composite objects together (no matter how closely) will be overcome by this expansion, literally tearing everything apart.
Vacuum metastability event.
If our universe is in a very long-lived false vacuum, it is possible that a small region of the universe will tunnel into a lower energy state (see Bubble nucleation). If this happens, all structures within will be destroyed instantaneously and the region will expand at near light speed, bringing destruction without any forewarning.
Heat death: 10150+ years from now.
The heat death is a possible final state of the universe, estimated at after 10150 years, in which it has "run down" to a state of no thermodynamic free energy to sustain motion or life. In physical terms, it has reached maximum entropy (because of this, the term "entropy" has often been confused with Heat Death, to the point of entropy being labelled as the "force killing the universe"). The hypothesis of a universal heat death stems from the 1850s ideas of William Thomson (Lord Kelvin) who extrapolated the theory of heat views of mechanical energy loss in nature, as embodied in the first two laws of thermodynamics, to universal operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19167844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167844" title="José Oliveira de Souza">
José Oliveira de Souza

José Oliveira de Souza (born March 19, 1978 in Pedra Branca) - known in Brazil as Gerry - is a Brazilian football striker, currently playing for Đồng Tâm Long An F.C. in the V-League. 
Until November 2010, Oliveira played for Alianza. However, he ended his stint at the club and returned to his native Brazil to be with his pregnant wife. He did not rule out the possibility of returning to Alianza in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19167854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167854" title="Kadiyapulanka">
Kadiyapulanka

Kadiyapulanka is a village near Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh in India.
The nearest railway station and airport are in Rajahamundry. An important industry for Kadiyapulanka is horticulture, with the area's nurseries exporting flowers throughout India. Another is tourism. The place hosted the Eighth All-India Nurserymen's Convention.
This village is famous for the flower show, which is held in January every year and is a prominent place for trading of floriculture and horticulture. Besides, the beautiful garden of Jasmine, Roses and many other flowers, are frequented by nature lovers.
The area's nurseries export flowers throughout India. The place hosted the Eighth All-India Nurserymen's Convention. The nearest railway station and airport are in Rajahamundry.

</doc>
<doc id="19167857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167857" title="Pavel Stolbov">
Pavel Stolbov

Pavel Stolbov (August 30, 1929 – June 16, 2011) was a gymnast and Olympic champion who competed for the Soviet Union.
Olympics.
Stolbov competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he received a gold medals in "team combined exercises" with the Soviet team (Viktor Chukarin, Valentin Muratov, Boris Shakhlin, Albert Azaryan and Yuri Titov).
World championships.
Stolbov received an individual silver medal in "pommel horse" and bronze medal in "parallel bars" at the 1958 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Moscow, and a silver medal in "horizontal bar" at the 1962 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19167893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167893" title="Hudson High School (New York)">
Hudson High School (New York)

Hudson High School is a high school in Hudson, New York, U.S.A. It is operated by the Hudson City School District.
Awards.
In 2007 Hudson High School won the state cleanliness award for cleanest high school.

</doc>
<doc id="19167909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167909" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Querétaro">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Querétaro

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Querétaro Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Querétaro") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Querétaro or ITESM Campus Querétaro, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in Santiago de Querétaro, Mexico.
The Querétaro Campus of Tecnológico de Monterrey first opened its doors on August 14, 1975. Founded by a local group of businessmen led by Don Jesús Oviedo Avendaño and having as its first president Dr. Rafael Rangel Sostmann. The first academic programs were, besides the High School, Agriculture, Computer Sciences, and Business Administration.
Mission.
To prepare upstanding, ethical individuals with a humanistic outlook, who are internationally competitive in their professional fields, and become citizens committed to the economic, political, social, and cultural development of their communities and to the sustainable use of natural resources.
Academic Fields.
Agriculture, Food and Biotechnology.
Intensive and precision agriculture production systems. Dairy Sciences. Food technology and food Sciences. Biotechnology for the AgroFood Sector.
Architecture and Design.
New urban space design. Industrial Design. Not only functional, but social, cultural, aesthetic, economic, and ecological design.
Business and Management.
Entrepreneurship. Accounting. Marketing. Finance. International trade. Global Business.
Engineering and Science.
Mechanical. Mechatronics. Industrial Engineering. Aerospace. Civil.
Humanities and Liberal Arts.
Communications and Digital Media. International Relations, regional development, public policy. Spanish. Animation and Digital Art.
Information Technology and Electronics.
Digital Systems and Robotics. Computer Sciences.
Publications.
Retos Internacionales.
Refereed Journal. Published every six months. Web page states it is an academic-research journal oriented to the development of international relations and global understanding. Director: Dr. Gabriel Morelos-Borja; Editors: Dr. Tamir Bar-On and Mtro. Mario A. Vázquez-Soriano; Assistant: LRI. José Manuel Guevara. Articles may appear in English or Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="19167910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167910" title="Water Street (album)">
Water Street (album)

Water Street is a 2008 album by Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union.
Personnel.
Credits for "Water Street" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19167932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167932" title="China Eastern Airlines Flight 583">
China Eastern Airlines Flight 583

China Eastern Airlines Flight 583 was a China Eastern Airlines flight from Hongqiao Airport, Shanghai, People's Republic of China to Los Angeles International Airport, Los Angeles, California, United States.
On April 6, 1993, the McDonnell-Douglas MD-11 was cruising above the Pacific Ocean at Mach 0.84 when a crew member accidentally deployed the slats near the Aleutian Islands. The plane entered into severe oscillations. The aircraft made an emergency landing at Shemya Air Force Base in Shemya, Semichi Islands, Alaska, United States.
Of the 255 passengers and crew, 60 were hospitalized. Two ultimately died; Sam Keung, an American, died of his injuries in a hospital. Of the cockpit crew, 5 received no injuries and 3 received serious injuries. Of the flight attendants, 8 received no injuries and 4 received serious injuries. Of the surviving passengers, 84 received no injuries, 96 received minor injuries, and 53 received serious injuries. By April 24, 1993 all but three of the surviving passengers were released from the hospital.
Michael Crichton's novel "Airframe" opens with a fatal incident based on flight 583.
China Eastern continues to operate the Shanghai-Los Angeles route as Flight 583 with the flight being operated out of Pudong instead of Hongqiao.
The airframe redesignated as N951AR now serves as a cargo freighter for Miami based SkyLease Cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="19167983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167983" title="Kim Oler">
Kim Oler

Kim Oler is an American television and theatrical composer. He is a member of the BMI and Dramatists Guild.
Work with Alison Hubbard.
Although Oler and Alison Hubbard's songwriting work on the musical adaptation of "Little Women" won a Richard Rodgers award in 1998, the track did not make it to Broadway. They left the show in April 2000, and worked on musical tracks at the BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theatre Workshop, including songs for a musical version of Arthur Wing Pinero's "The Enchanted Cottage", while their music for "Little Women" was redone by Allan Knee, Mindi Dickstein and Jason Howland.
After contacting Raymond de Felitta, the director/screenwriter of the 2000 independent film "Two Family House," Oler and Hubbard worked on a musical version of the film, with de Felitta serving as the librettist. The musical was called "Buddy's Tavern", and was chosen for the 2004 ASCAP/Disney Workshop in New York City.
A few years later, Oler and Hubbard were asked by lyricist/librettist Sean Hartley, perhaps best known for his work on the musical "Cupid and Psyche", to help him arrange a Spring 2003 concert, with musical material from winners of the Richard Rodger award. The partners had agreed with each other, before, that they would not embark on their own musical version of "Little Women" until someone had asked them. He had been impressed by their songs for the original musical, although they ended up altering each of the original songs, and writing several new ones. In 2003, Broadway producer turned-community theatre producer John Wulp listened to Oler and Hubbard's original songs, and asked for the two, and Hartley, to put their version together. It became an amateur run in Wulp's North Haven Island community/educational
theatre, and ran for sixteen performances.
Awards and nominations.
Oler has been nominated for four Daytime Emmy awards in the category Outstanding achievement in Music Direction and Composition for a Drama Series, for his work on "All My Children". He was nominated from 2003 to 2008, and won twice in 2003 and 2005. His first DE win was shared with Terry Walker, A.J. Gundell, Jerry Pilato, Dominic Messinger, Gary Kuo, Mike Renzi, John Wineglass, Brian Comotto, Loris Holland, Robbie Kondor, Ron Goodman, Brian Tarquin, Peter Fish, and Jim Klein. Oler's work on AMC also won the BMI Television Music Awards of those same years.
Oler, lyricist Alison Hubbard and librettist Allan Knee together won a Richard Rodgers award in 1998, for their songwriting in the musical "Little Women".
Kim Oler also won the 2002 BMI Jerry Harrington Award for Outstanding Creative Achievement in the Musical Theater, for his work on the musical version of "The Enchanted Cottage". The following year he won the Jerry Bock award for his work in the musical.

</doc>
<doc id="19167990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167990" title="A Scandal in Paris">
A Scandal in Paris

A Scandal in Paris is a 1946 American biographical film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring George Sanders, Signe Hasso and Carole Landis. It loosely depicts the life of Eugène François Vidocq, a French criminal who reformed and became a famous French Prefect of Police during the Napoleonic era.
Plot.
The rogue (George Sanders) who would later call himself Eugène François Vidocq is born in a prison cell, the twelfth child of a woman who steals a loaf of bread each time she needs shelter to give birth. As the boy grows into a man, he is constantly in and out of jail. As the story begins, he and his cutpurse cellmate and associate, Emile Vernet (Akim Tamiroff), escape using a file hidden in a birthday cake provided by Vernet's aunt Ernestine.
While making their way to Paris, they are hired to pose for a painter (Fritz Leiber), Vidocq as Saint George and Vernet as the dragon. As the church painting nears completion, the pair steal the horse on which Vidocq is posing.
In Paris, Uncle Hugo (Vladimir Sokoloff), the head of Vernet's criminal family, decides the safest place for the fugitives is in the army. He has a forger relative provide Vidocq with a fake commission as a lieutenant. After two years, the pair leave the army. Returning to Paris, Lieutenant "Rousseau" encounters a singer named Loretta (Carole Landis). She is intrigued with him, while he is more attracted to her ruby garter. Accompanying her when she goes to meet her boring admirer, Vidocq manages to steal the garter.
As Vidocq and Vernet make a detour around the church adorned by their likenesses, they come across the jewel-laden Marquise De Pierremont (Alma Kruger). Vidocq wrangles an invitation to her chateau after retrieving her pet monkey from a cemetery (where he also claims to be a relation of a Vidocq buried there). He is a bit alarmed when he discovers that his intended victim's son-in-law is the Minister of Police (Alan Napier), but also enchanted by the official's daughter Therese (Signe Hasso). Unbeknownst to him, she had fallen in love with the image of Saint George, and is greatly disturbed by the uncanny resemblance to their guest. Vidocq and Vernet steal and hide the jewels, intending to return for them later.
However, when the minister fires Richet (Gene Lockhart), his chief of police, for not recovering the jewels, Vidocq devises a much grander scheme. Through "deduction", he leads the minister to the hiding place of the jewels, and wins for himself Richet's old job. In that capacity, he gets Vernet's relatives hired at the Bank of Paris, which he intends to rob.
A complication arises when he bumps into Loretta, who turns out to have married her beau, Richet. After learning his new identity, Loretta blackmails Vidocq into resuming their relationship. Vidocq tells Vernet to go ahead with the robbery that night. That day, he goes out walking with Loretta and her younger sister Mimi. When they are alone, Loretta informs him that she has figured out that he stole the jewels. However, she does not care. She is quite willing to follow him, even if it means embarking on a life of crime. Meanwhile, a jealous Richet bursts in on his wife and threatens to kill himself. Instead, in a fit of anger brought on by her cold response, he shoots and kills her. 
With that impediment out of the way, Vidocq informs the Vernet clan that he has changed his mind; he will hunt them down if they go through with the robbery. Nearly everyone is content with their new jobs - all that is except Emile. He ambushes his former friend, forcing Vidocq to kill him. Then he confesses to the minister. He is forgiven by all of the De Pierremonts and welcomed into the family.

</doc>
<doc id="19167996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19167996" title="Albanian diaspora">
Albanian diaspora

The Albanian diaspora encompasses Albanians outside of Albania, Kosovo,
Republic of Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia.
The greatest concentrations are found in Italy, Greece and Turkey. There are also smaller communities in Austria, Canada, France, Romania, Belgium, Russia, Scandinavia, Switzerland, Ukraine, UK, and the USA
The Albanian exodus, caused by the collapse of the communist regime in 1991 and the ensuing economic crisis, has been the largest emigration movement in Europe since the population movements after World War II. Between 1989 and 2001, roughly 800,000 people have migrated out of Albania, about 440,000 of them settling in Greece, where Albanians make up 60% of immigrants. 350,000 Albanians have migrated to Italy over the 1990s to 2000s. The situation in Kosovo is similar. More than a million Albanians have left Kosovo since the late 1980s permanently, not counting those fleeing the Kosovo War who have subsequently returned. An important destination for emigrating Albanians from Kosovo has been Switzerland and Germany.
In Albania, emigration dates back to the 15th century when many Albanians emigrated to Calabria in Southern Italy after the defeat of Skanderbeg by Ottoman forces. Other popular destinations were Turkey, Bulgaria, and later the United States and South America. Following the communist take over after World War II, emigration was outlawed and violations severely punished. At the same time, Albanian birth rates in both Albania and Kosovo were among the highest in Europe (see Demographics of Albania and Kosovo), and the economies were among the weakest (especially under the Hoxha regime), leading to a huge young population in both regions and a consequently huge demand for emigration once the borders were opened in the 1990s.
Two major emigration waves in the 1990s were: 
The preference for Italy, Greece and Western European countries during the first waves of emigration has given way to Canada and the United States due to stricter European immigration laws. The rate of emigration has decreased during the later 2000s.
In Albania, it is estimated that emigrant remittances account for 18% of GDP or $530 million annually. Those who have come back have opened micro-enterprises, while the proximity of Greece and Italy to Albania where more than half of immigrants are located has contributed to continuous labor mobility. Recently, following the 2010–2011 Greek Crisis, many Albanian emigrants have returned either temporarily or permanently to Albania. 
The mass emigration of the 1990s to early 2000s has resulted in massive brain drain to Albania. In the period 1990–2003, an estimated 45% of Albania's academics emigrated, as did more than 65% of the scholars who received PhDs in the West in the period 1980–1990. In 2006, a "brain gain" program compiled by Albanian authorities and the UNDP was put into action to encourage the skilled diaspora to contribute to the country's development, though its success remains to be seen.
Balkans.
Bulgaria.
In 1636, the Mandritsa, a typical village in Bulgaria, was found by Eastern Orthodox Albanian dairymen who supplied the Ottoman Army. They were allowed to pick a tract of land and were freed from taxes. In the 2001 census of Bulgaria, it was estimated that 278 Albanians live in the country.
Greece.
There are Albanian immigrants, who have entered Greece in large numbers since the fall of the Socialist People's Republic of Albania, form the largest single expatriate group in the country today. After the fall of communism throughout Eastern Europe in the late 1980s and early 1990s, a large number of economic refugees and immigrants from Greece's neighboring countries, Albania, Bulgaria, the Republic of Macedonia, Romania, as well as from more distant countries such as Russia, Ukraine, Armenia and Georgia, arrived in Greece, mostly as illegal immigrants, to seek employment. The vast majority of the Albanians in Greece is estimated to be between 65–70% of the total number of immigrants in the country. According to the 2001 census, there are 443,550 holders of Albanian citizenship in Greece.
Italy.
The Albani were an aristocratic Roman family, members of which attained the highest dignities in the Roman Catholic Church, one, Clement XI, having been Pope. They were ethnic Albanians who originally moved to Urbino from the region of Malësi e Madhe in Albania. and had been soldiers of Scanderbeg against the Ottoman Empire. Though eventually assimilated in their Italian environment, Clement XI's Albanian antecedents were evident in his having commissioned, during his reign as a Pope, the famous "Illyricum Sacrum". Today it is one of the main sources of the field of Albanology, with over 5000 pages divided in several volumes written by Daniele Farlati and Dom. Coletti.
There is an Albanian community in southern Italy, known as Arbëreshë, who had settled in the country in the 15th and the 16th century, displaced by the changes brought about by the expansion of the Ottoman Empire. Some managed to escape and were offered refuge from the repression by the Kingdom of Naples and Kingdom of Sicily (both under Aragonese rule), where the Arbëreshë were given their own villages and protected.
The Arbëreshë were estimated as numbering at a quarter million in the 1970s.
After the breakdown of the communist regime in Albania in 1990, Italy had been the main immigration target for Albanians leaving their country.
This was because Italy had been a symbol of the West for many Albanians during the communist period, because of its geographic proximity. Italy reacted to the migration pressure by introducing the "Martelli" law, stipulating that any immigrant who could prove that he or she had come into the country before the end of 1989 be granted a two-year residency permit.
From March 1997, Italy instituted a strict patrol of the Adriatic in an attempt to curb Albanian immigration.
As a result, many Albanian immigrants in Italy do not have a legal status. Out of an estimated 450,000 Albanian immigrants in Italy in 1998, only some 82,000 were registered with authorities. In total there are 800,000 Albanians in Italy.
The Italian Government has housed significant numbers of Albanians from Kosovo in the Arbëresh settlements, most notably in Piana degli Albanesi in Sicily.
Turkey.
Turkey has about five million citizens of full or partial Albanian descent, and most still feel a connection to Albania. There is also a strong Turkish minority in Kosovo, a country which is predominantly Albanian. The bond between these two nations stems from historical reasons, especially since many Albanians embraced Islam, the official religion of the Ottoman Empire.
Albania was the last nation in southeastern Europe to claim independence from the Ottoman Empire, on 28 November 1912. To this day, relations between the two countries are excellent, with Turkey being one of the first countries to recognize Kosovo, and with polls showing that Turks are one of the best-received ethnic groups in Albania.
Many Albanians emigrated to Turkey between 1950 and 1970. In that period, Islam in Yugoslavia was repressed, and both Albanians and Muslim Slavs were encouraged to declare themselves Turkish and emigrate to Turkey. In the 1990s, Turkey received a wave of Kosovan refugees, fleeing from conflict. Today, the number of ethnic Albanians in Turkey is estimated to be around 500,000.
Western Europe.
Germany.
There are an estimated 300,000 Albanians living in Germany. They mostly migrated to Germany from Kosovo during the 1990s.
Switzerland.
There are an estimated 250,000 ethnic Albanians in Switzerland, most of them from Kosovo, a sizeable minority arriving from Macedonia. Albanians have migrated to Switzerland since the 1960s, but bulk of immigration took place during the 1990s, especially during 1998–1999.
They account for about 2% of total Swiss population, making them the third largest immigrant community in Switzerland, after the Italian and German ones. The Albanian language is the second largest immigrant language spoken in Switzerland, following Serbo-Croatian. About 40,000 have been naturalized as Swiss citizens during the 1990s and 2000s, while an estimated 150,000 remain registered as nationals of either Serbia and Montenegro (carrying passports issued during the existence of that country, 1992–2006), the Republic of Kosovo (34,000 Kosovar passports registered with the Swiss authority by August 2010), the Republic of Macedonia, or Albania.
Overseas.
Canada.
It is estimated that 22,395 Albanians live in Canada (2006 Census). The first Albanians arrived in Canada at the beginning of the 20th century, following internal pre-war revolutionary upheavals. Few immigrated to Canada after WWII. Most of the post-war Albanian immigrants settled in either Montreal or Toronto. Some found jobs in Calgary and a few in small communities in Ontario (e.g., Peterborough). After the inter-ethnic conflict in the former Yugoslavia between ethnic Albanians and Serbian military and police forces, many Albanians left Kosovo as refugees. Some have come to Canada, and in 1999 the Canadian government created a program to offer safe haven to 7000 Kosovar Albanian refugees. However, they continue to appreciate their ethnic heritage and their Albanian national history, even though their ancestors may have left Albania several decades ago. Those Albanians from Albania proper are active in their business and social organizations.
United States.
Albanians began to settle in the USA in the early 1920s from Greece, Turkey, Southern Italy and Kosovo, and in the 1990s from Albania, Montenegro, the Republic of Macedonia, and refugees of war. The largest Albanian American (incl. Kosovar Albanian) populations are in New York City, Boston, Detroit, and Chicago. Another Albanian American community in Southern California such as the Los Angeles area. The Inland Empire (Riverside/San Bernardino) area of California includes Kosovars who entered the United States at the March Joint Air Reserve Base in Riverside. The Albanian-American population is currently 113,661, 0.04% of the US population.
Shaci.
A subculture that has emerged from the life experiences of Albanian immigrants in Germany and Switzerland has earned them the exonym "Shaci". Derived from the German term of endearment "Schatzi" (from "Schatz", treasure), the name, as used by Albanians living in Kosovo, is generally a pejorative. Stereotypes associated with "Shaci" (or sing. "Shac") include what Kosovar Albanians view as unaesthetic choices in clothing, obnoxious behavior, conspicuous consumption, and difficulty adapting to the shifting social dynamics in Kosovo (e.g., Shaci drivers are criticized for insisting on their right of way regardless of circumstances in traffic). This perception is similar to the way expats of other nations may be viewed when they return home. There is also similarity with the stereotypical tourist in a popular destination. Most Kosovar Albanian immigrants visit home during the summer and (less frequently) winter holiday seasons, indulging in leisure as one would ordinarily do on a vacation.
Writers and activists sympathizing with members of the diaspora blame the locals for ingratitude, citing the country's benefits from remittances and that most immigrants left Kosovo against their own wishes. Moreover, many note that immigrants return to Kosovo because of a sentimental attachment to the country, since from an economic standpoint, expats could get better value for (and spend less of) their money by seeking tourist destinations around the world. Many immigrants live thriftily throughout the year so they can afford to send money to their relatives back home and to visit once or twice annually. Expats hope to help their children bond with Kosovo and even find a partner for marriage, who will likely end up emigrating from Kosovo to join the groom or the bride in Western Europe.
Notably, the "Shaci" is almost exclusively used for Albanians in the German-speaking world. Colloquially, an expat living in Britain may be jokingly told that he or she is not a "Shac" but a "Darling" or a "Sweetheart," although such calque terms are not used in any other situation. The stereotypes associated with "Shaci" also largely pertain only to Germany and Switzerland (and perhaps Austria). But similar or other prejudices may also appear towards expats living elsewhere, especially in regards to conflicting lifestyles and cultural differences.

</doc>
<doc id="19168027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168027" title="Babatunji Olowofoyeku">
Babatunji Olowofoyeku

Chief Babatunji Olowofoyeku, OFR, SAN (May 21, 1917 - March 26, 2003) was a Nigerian politician, educationist, lawyer and leader, a Yoruba and native of Ilesha in Osun State of Nigeria, whose political career started in the mid-1950s. He had a distinguished education and career, hence his full accolades as follows: Chief Babatunji Olowofoyeku, BA (Hons), LLB (Hons) London, OFR, SAN.
Early years, 1917-1932.
Olowofoyeku grew up as the last born of a traditional extended family in Ilesha. His father had died a few months just before he was born. He had a powerful drive to succeed in spite of daunting challenges of growing up under the old British Colonial System with all its artificial barriers. It was not an easy task, but with a good education obtained through determination and hard work combined with honesty and integrity, he discovered that there are no actual barriers created by men that could not be overcome.
Chief Olowofoyeku’s early life was an unusual journey of high academic achievements even without a father figure. His remarkable successes were attributed to the presence of a nurturing mother who raised him well, alone by herself from infancy with his three year older sister. His mother, though uneducated was quick to realize the value of a good education, therefore she encouraged her only son to excel in school. She enrolled him at the early age of 5 at Otapete Methodist School (1922) and it was there that he got baptized in the Methodist Church in 1924 and assumed the Christian name "Daniel".
It was in school at Otapete Methodist that Olowofoyeku first met a new classmate, Tai Solarin, then known as Augustus Solarin. That was the beginning of a lifelong friendship that later brought them together again as colleagues at St. Andrew’s College, Oyo (1936–1942). Solarin admitted that he was radically changed by Olowofoyeku’s final essay in which he made the observation that some of the colonialists were ignorant, and not well-prepared for the duties they were assigned, and therefore had no business running the lives of Nigerians. For this essay, he was punished for his audacity in challenging the status quo, and was suspended from college in his final academic year. He however sat for and passed the final teacher’s examination as an external student a year later.
He would later drop the middle name "Daniel" as protest against his perceived oppression by the colonial authorities.
Educational career, 1932-1949.
Olowofoyeku chose to become a teacher because of the general belief that teaching was a most rewarding career among the educated elitists of the time. In 1932, he accepted a starting position as a pupil teacher at Otapete Methodist School, his alma mater, and subsequently had a brilliant four-year career.
To further his education and become a professional teacher, he in 1935 applied for admission and was accepted at St. Andrew’s College, Oyo, for the freshman class of 1936, to train and earn a teaching certificate. With a burning desire for an education and zeal to succeed and not disappoint his family, he attended St. Andrew’s College from 1936 until October 1942.
Olowofoyeku then taught at Oduduwa College from October 1942 until 1943, a considerably short stint. The students he trained included Chief Richard Akinjide (SAN) who later became the Attorney General of Nigeria during the second republic.
Methodist Boys High School, Lagos, was Olowofoyeku’s next career opportunity. From 1943 until January 1947, he was the Latin teacher, and notable among his students were the likes of Professor Olu Odumosu and Chief Adeola Odeku, who later became a very prominent Nigerian lawyer.
His first appointment as Principal was at Western Boys High School, Benin, from January 1947 until December 1948. It was during this tenure in 1948 that he took and passed the External Intermediate BA degree of the University of London by studying through a correspondence course.
He then moved to Ijebu-Ode to take up an appointment as the 3rd Principal of Olu-Iwa College (which changed its name to Adeola Odutola College in 1964) serving from January 1949 until December 1949.
Early legal career, 1948-1963.
In the defense of a lawsuit initiated against him in 1948, he found himself actually researching and providing detailed instructions to his defense attorney (lawyer) to fight the case in court. When the case was finally decided in his favor, he was so excited about the outcome that he decided to change career and enter the legal profession. He therefore applied and gained admission into the famous London School of Economics (LSE) to study law. He departed from the shores of Nigeria in December 1949 on board an ocean liner sailing along the westbound coast of Africa to the UK. He took and passed the LLB (Bachelor of Laws) in June 1952. He passed the English Bar exams, and almost immediately was invited to the Bar association (Inner Temple). He was in fact the first Ijesha man called to the English Bar.
Returning to Nigeria just before Christmas in 1952, he established his first law practice in Ekotedo Road, an old historic business entertainment district in Ibadan, the then largest city in West Africa.
His legal practice was most distinguished by the high caliber lawyers who were associated with and started with his law firm. The long list included Chief Olu Ayoola, Chief ‘Tunji Ogunbiyi, Chief Bamidele Aiku (SAN), Mr. Justice Kayode Eso, a most notable judge of the Supreme Court of Nigeria, as well as his own nephew, Justice Abayomi Olowofoyeku.
Political career, 1952-1966.
Chief Babatunji Olowofoyeku had arrived on the scene of nationalistic political activism by Nigerians in London during his student days. Having had a first hand experience with the social injustices and powerlessness associated with his prejudicial treatment as a student at St. Andrew’s College, he was determined to find the right political platform to fight against the system that created it. Urged by the nationalistic teachings of Herbert Macaulay, he became acquainted with Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe, leader of the NCNC, through Chief Odeleye Fadahunsi, another Ijesha elder visiting London.
Chief Babatunji Olowofoyeku started his active political career after he returned to Nigeria in 1952. He joined the NCNC and became an executive member of NCNC under Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe in 1954. He was elected as Chairman of Ilesha Urban District Council (IUDC) in 1956, and in the same year won his election to the Western House of Assembly by a landslide majority even without mounting a serious campaign.
During this tenure, he sought to modernize Ilesha to the standards he had witnessed in London City Council (now London County Council) during his studies abroad. And his notable accomplishments in Ilesha included installation of pipe-borne water, electricity, market development, town planning, road constructions, sanitation and council staff welfare.
He was a member of the NCNC delegates’ team to the Nigerian Constitutional Conferences in London of 1957 and 1958, the objectives of which were to seek Nigeria’s Independence from Britain. He was also elected into the Western House of Assembly in 1956 on the platform of the NCNC representing Ilesha Central Constituency. Olowofoyeku was a member of the NCNC Committee on Africa and Foreign Affairs. He also headed the NCNC Legal Defence Committee comprising Chief Richard Akinjide, Chief Adeniran Ogunsanya, Kehinde Sofola, Tunji Ogunbiyi and others.
Olowofoyeku was a distinguished opposition House member even though not a member of Action Group (Nigeria) (AG), the ruling party of Chief Obafemi Awolowo. Chief Awolowo’s favorable assessment of the political abilities of Olowofoyeku was that: ""He had a good sense of justice and belief in democracy"".
Crisis in Western Nigeria, 1959-1966.
Before the 1959 General Elections into Federal Parliament that preceded the declaration of Nigeria’s independence from Britain in 1960, Chief Obafemi Awolowo the national leader of the Action Group (AG) had vacated his post as Premier of the West to seek the elective office of Prime Minister at the Federal House of Assembly. Unfortunately, he did not win a majority of the votes needed and so he became the leader of Opposition at the Federal level. Because of a feud which had developed between him and his Party Deputy, Chief Samuel Ladoke Akintola, now Premier of the Western Region, Chief Awolowo attempted to expel Akintola from the party and remove him from office as Premier of the West, intending to replace him with Alhaji Soroye Adegbenro.
During a subsequent debate in the Western House of Assembly on May 25, 1962, a free-for-all fight broke out among the legislators. The entire NCNC legislators present were active participants, backing Akintola’s breakaway faction. This was of major national importance and consequently, the Prime Minister, Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa intervened declaring a "State of Emergency" in the Western Region for 6 months. He appointed Chief Majekodunmi as Administrator.
At the expiration of the 6-month "State of Emergency", Akintola’s faction with tacit support from the Sardauna of Sokoto and the NPC in the North now united under the assumed name, the United Peoples Party (UPP) and forged an alliance with the NCNC legislators to form a new Government for Western Nigeria.
Chief Akintola returned on January 1, 1963 as the new Premier of the West and Fani-Kayode as his deputy. Chief Olowofoyeku was first appointed Minister of Education replacing Dr Sanya Onabamiro. Tom Egbe, a Mid- Westerner was appointed Attorney General largely due to the strong support from the Federal Finance Minister, Chief Festus Okotie-Ebo. However, after the creation of the Mid-Western State in July 1963, Egbe became Attorney General for the new Mid-West state and Chief Olowofoyeku was installed the Attorney General and Minister of Justice of the Western Region from September 26, 1963. Chief Olowofoyeku was also at the same time appointed a Queen's Counsel (QC) by the British Government, as recognition of his official legal duties to the Commonwealth.
Because of constant internal political strife within the NCNC and because of great under-representation of the West in the character and composition of the federal cabinet, Olowofoyeku and other Western Nigeria NCNC members in the legislature decided to align themselves with Akintola into the newly formed Nigerian National Democratic Party (NNDP) in 1964. Olowofoyeku’s constituents in Ilesha were angry and viewed this move suspiciously and most unfavorably. Consequently, his previously staunch support among them quickly vanished. The NCNC and AG now formed a new national alliance, UPGA (United Progressive Grand Alliance) against the ruling NPC/NNDP alliance. When election time came around December 1965, it was payback time. It was chaos and pandemonium all over the country, particularly in the West and most especially in Ilesha. Olowofoyeku escaped an assassin’s bullet by a few inches during a campaign rally near Ilesha.
At the end, the ruling parties were declared winners of an election that most observers saw as rigged in favor of the incumbent. This election was indeed the beginning of violent electioneering in the annals of Nigerian history. There were wanton killings and arson was rampant. It became hazardous to walk the streets in broad daylight. This was a perfect setting for the January 15, 1966 coup that imposed martial law and thereby restored public order.
1966 military coup.
In the aftermath of the December 1965 elections, there was a bloody military coup on January 15, 1966, establishing a National Military Government. This coup that toppled the first democratically elected Federal Government of Sir Tafawa Balewa also ended the political careers of most of the politicians of the first republic. The Prime Minister was assassinated with his Finance Minister, Chief Okotie-Ebo. Also assassinated were the Premier of the North, the Sardauna of Sokoto, Sir Ahmadu Bello, and the Premier of the West, Chief S.L. Akintola.
After this coup that assassinated the Premier of the Western Region, Chief S. L. Akintola, the Military Government then went after all the surviving political leaders including Chief Olowofoyeku and Chief Fani-Kayode. Other politicians were arrested and detained. Chief Olowofoyeku was arrested and taken into custody by the Military Government on January 30, 1966 and detained for six months. He was first detained at Agodi in Ibadan and later transferred to KiriKiri in Lagos. He was allowed very limited family visitation rights throughout his political incarceration at KiriKiri.
Chief Olowofoyeku was released after the second counter coup on July 29, 1966 that was carried out by soldiers of Northern Nigerian extraction who replaced the old military regime of Major-General Aguiyi-Ironsi. This Coup D’etat was led by a northerner, Col. Theophilus Yakubu Danjuma who plotted the counter coup on behalf of Northern Nigerian soldiers that installed Lt Col. Yakubu Gowon, (a young, intelligent 32 year old officer) as the second Military Head of State to power in 1966. This second coup finally led to the Nigeria-Biafran Civil War of 1966-1970. Over 1 million civilians, mostly of Ibo extraction died in the fratricidal duel motivated more by greed, reprisals and revenge against Igbo soldiers. After being set free to go home, and having learnt a hard lesson from his experience, Chief Olowofoyeku vowed never to get involved in partisan politics again.
By the time the Nigerian Civil War broke out on July 6, 1967 over the secession of the South-eastern Region of Nigeria desiring to become Biafra, as a separate nation, Olowofoyeku was no longer involved in politics, and was in fact temporarily out of the country. Within weeks of his release in July 1966, he had left Nigeria and departed for Paris, France, to seek rest and refuge.
Later legal career, 1967-2003.
On his return to Nigeria late in 1967, Olowofoyeku moved to Lagos and re-opened his law practice in Western House on the highly commercial Broad Street near the Lagos High Court. He continued to practice law for many years, during which time he was one of the first 20 to be appointed as a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (the equivalent of the Queen's Counsel in the UK). He was one of the first 20 to be so appointed in the country.
Despite being approached by Chief Obafemi Awolowo in 1979 to come and join his new Unity Party of Nigeria (UPN), Olowofoyeku declined and retained his historic decision to avoid politics at all cost.
With the passage of time and as the years drew on, his strength began to wane and so he relocated his legal practice to his home in Victoria Island, Lagos. In the twilight of his life, although disabled by a stroke that robbed him of speech and his physical strength in his right extremities, his keen mind was always active as ever.
Family.
Chief Olowofoyeku was married, and had 17 children (13 sons and 4 daughters) most of whom are all self-made professionals in their own right. He has many grandchildren and several great grandchildren.
Children
Final days, 2003.
On March 26, 2003 at the age of 85, Chief Babatunji Olowofoyeku died. His funeral which lasted several days was held partly in the High Court in Lagos (a special honour for his legal career), at his main residence in Victoria Island and at his two homes in Ilesha.
His life story, educational, legal and political career are detailed in his autobiography:
Lynn Olisa, "A Great Advocate and Gentleman: Chief Babatunji Olowofoyeku", Lagos, Nigeria, Nelson Publishers Ltd, 1997

</doc>
<doc id="19168057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168057" title="Frank Walker (Australian journalist)">
Frank Walker (Australian journalist)

Frank Bartley Walker (19 September 1919 – 24 August 2008) was an Australian journalist and non-fiction writer.
Early life.
Walker was born in Hay, New South Wales, the son of Frank and Ethel Walker. Walker attended Newington College (1934-1936) before entering the University of Sydney to study arts whilst a resident of Wesley College. He joined the Sydney Morning Herald as a journalist in 1938.
War service.
In 1939, Walker enlisted in the Royal Australian Navy, and served as a lieutenant in corvette hunting submarines. During the war he married Joyce, an army nurse who had served in Palestine.
Journalism.
Following World War II, Walker returned to the Herald and was posted to the United States of America where he worked with Reuters-Australian Associated Press. His reporting of McCarthyism brought him into conflict with Joe McCarthy and his wife's visa was cancelled. He then worked for Reuters in London before joining The Herald (Melbourne).
Government service.
In 1956 he joined the Australian Government Information Service and worked from London on immigration publicity. He revolutionised Australian immigration advertisements in Europe by showing something symbolic of Australia without spruiking immigration as such ads were banned in Scandinavia. He became Australian press attache in Germany in 1960.
Retirement.
Walker retired to Budgewoi, New South Wales in 1980 and wrote a number of military histories. In 1999 his wife died and he died in 2008 survived by his second wife, Erika, and two sons, Peter and Frank Walker.
Honours.
Recipient, Centenary Medal 2001

</doc>
<doc id="19168078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168078" title="Albert James Bradshaw">
Albert James Bradshaw

Albert James Bradshaw (born December 18, 1882 in Downie Township, Ontario, Canada-died January 6, 1956) was a Canadian politician, businessman and farmer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1945 election to represent the riding of Perth. He was defeated in the 1949 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19168081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168081" title="John Chester (university president)">
John Chester (university president)

John Chester (August 17, 1785 –- January 12, 1829) was the second president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was born in Wethersfield, Connecticut in August 1785. He was the son of John and Elizabeth Chester. He graduated from Yale College in 1804. He studied theology under Dr. Joseph Lyman of Hatfield, Massachusetts and received a license to preach in 1807 from the Hartford Association College. He first preached in several towns in Massachusetts and Connecticut and then moved to New York State, where he first preached in Cooperstown, New York and between 1810 and 1815 in Hudson, New York. In 1815, he moved to Albany, New York where he was pastor of the Second Presbyterian Church. He was a founder and an early president of the Albany Female Academy, which became the Albany Academy for Girls and was also a trustee of The Albany Academy. He received the degree of Doctor of Divinity in 1821 from Union College. He was appointed president of Rensselaer on June 25, 1828. He died in Philadelphia on January 12, 1829.
Archival Collections.
The Presbyterian Historical Society in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has papers related to John Chester in its holdings. The papers include an 1821 letter to J. Romeyn Beck and a letter of introduction for Erastus Colton. 

</doc>
<doc id="19168099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168099" title="Quasipetalichthys">
Quasipetalichthys

Quasipetalichthys haikouenis is a species of extinct petalichthid placoderm from the Middle Devonian of China.
Fossils.
It is known primarily from two poorly preserved skulls from the Givetian-aged Haikou Formation of Haikou, Kunming, where they were found in association with remains of the antiarch placoderms "Bothriolepis sinensis", and "Hunanolepis". The larger skull may be around in length.
Phylogeny.
"Q. haikouensis" is considered a basal petalichthyid (Denison refers to it as being "aberrant"). According to Zhu's 1991 redescription of "Diandongpetalichthys", "Quasipetalichthys", placed within Quasipetalichthyidae, is regarded as the sister group of the more advanced Macropetalichthyidae, with "Diandongpetalichthys" as the primitive sister group of these two taxa.
"Neopetalichthys" is possibly closely related to "Quasipetalichthys", and may or may not be placed together within Quasipetalichthyidae. Whether or not "Neopetalichthys" is included in the family. "Eurycaraspis" is placed in Quasipetalichthyidae as "Quasipetalichthys"' sister taxon.

</doc>
<doc id="19168121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168121" title="Timoshenko Aslanides">
Timoshenko Aslanides

Timoshenko Aslanides (born 24 December 1943) is an Australian poet. 
Biography.
Born in Sydney to John Paul Aslanides and Olive Emma Browne, Timoshenko Aslanides studied music at the University of Sydney and economics at The Australian National University. He began writing poetry after he moved to Canberra in 1972. His first book of poems, "The Greek Connection", was awarded the British Commonwealth Poetry Prize for 1978 for the best first book of poetry in English published the previous year in all the countries of the British Commonwealth, excluding England; he was the first Australian to win this prize.
Timoshenko Aslanides has worked as a full-time, professional poet since July 1985, when he resigned from the Australian Public Service. 

</doc>
<doc id="19168182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168182" title="Samsung Pebble">
Samsung Pebble

The Samsung Pebble is a small MP3 flash player shaped like a flat, round pebble. 
Featuring no screen, the Pebble is meant to be worn around the neck like a pendant. It has features such as on-the-go and sound effects buttons on the side. The Pebble comes in 1 GB, 2 GB or 4 GB. It also features a shuffle feature similar to the iPod.

</doc>
<doc id="19168185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168185" title="9 Dead Gay Guys">
9 Dead Gay Guys

9 Dead Gay Guys is a 2002 British comedy film by director Lab Ky Mo starring Brendan Mackey and Glen Mulhern and released by TLA Releasing.
Reception.
The film was first shown at the Cannes Film Festival in 2002. It created such a storm that the film quickly sold out and people had to be turned away at the box office, so the film was given extra viewings to accommodate the demand. During screenings people's reaction to the film was extreme, either they loved it or walked out in disgust. Critical reception of "9 Dead Gay Guys" was very mixed, earning a Rotten Tomatoes score of 18 out of 100, based upon 22 aggregate reviews. However Dave Kehr wrote for the "New York Times" that "the film strains mightily to be flashy and hip but finishes more in the realm of the merely distasteful," while Andy Klein of Variety stated ""9 Dead Gay Guys", a dark comedy in the John Waters tradition, takes place in such a cartoonish, good-natured universe it's hard to imagine anyone taking offence." When the film went on national sale it generally found favor with the general public and especially the gay and lesbian community with many positive reviews coming from Amazon.
Due to the film's seemingly controversial subject matter the film could only secure a limited release, and subsequently made only $26,377 at the box office. In the film's initial sole theater, the film grossed $3,462 in the opening week.
The film won two major awards. The first was the 2002 'Audience Award' for 'Best Feature Film at the Dublin Gay and Lesbian film festival. The second award was the 'Festival Prize' at the Montreal 'Just For Laughs' comedy film festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19168193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168193" title="Massachusetts 2008 ballot measures">
Massachusetts 2008 ballot measures

Three citizen-initiated measures appeared on the November 4, 2008 ballot in Massachusetts.
The Massachusetts Constitution can be amended through initiative and state statutes can be proposed through initiative. All three statewide ballot measures that are on the November 2008 ballot by collecting signatures are proposed statutes (not constitutional amendments).
In Massachusetts, after the state determines which initiatives have succeeded in collecting enough signatures to be placed on the ballot, official numbers/names are assigned to each of the successful initiatives. Secretary of State William Galvin has discretion over the order of questions on the ballot. His office announced that they had determined the ballot ordering "based on the perceived relative importance of the proposed laws."
External links.
Note:: "This article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about the Massachusetts 2008 ballot measures

</doc>
<doc id="19168221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168221" title="John Benson (artisan)">
John Benson (artisan)

John Everett Benson (born 1939), known as Fud, is an American calligrapher, stonecarver and typeface designer who has created inscriptions for monuments including the John F. Kennedy memorial at Arlington National Cemetery, the National Gallery of Art, and the Vietnam Memorial in Washington, DC.
John Benson was born in Newport, Rhode Island. He began working for his father, John Howard Benson, at the age of fifteen at The John Stevens Shop. He studied sculpture at Rhode Island School of Design. In 1964, Benson and John Hegnauer were commissioned to design and carve the inscriptions on the John F. Kennedy memorial at Arlington National Cemetery. In Rhode Island, Benson carved a number of inscriptions at the University of Rhode Island's Robert L. Carothers Library and Learning Commons.
He also designed and carved gravestones for Tennessee Williams, Lillian Hellman, and George Balanchine. In 1993, he left the direction of The John Stevens Shop to his son, Nicholas Benson and returned to sculpting full-time. He is currently doing portrait and figurative work in clay and bronze at his studio in Newport, Rhode Island.
He has created monumental architectural inscriptions for famous buildings such as the Prudential Center in Boston, the National Gallery of Art, the Dallas Museum of Art, Chicago Mercantile Exchange Center, and the Armand Hammer Museum of Art in Los Angeles. He lettered the date stones of the Vietnam Memorial in Washington, DC, the Civil Rights Memorial in Montgomery, Alabama, the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial in Washington, DC and the Federal Courthouse in Boston.
He has drawn various photo-typefaces for architectural applications and a titling typeface, called Aardvark, for The Font Bureau in Boston, "Alexa", "Balzano", and "Caliban".

</doc>
<doc id="19168277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168277" title="Massachusetts State Income Tax Repeal Initiative">
Massachusetts State Income Tax Repeal Initiative

The State Income Tax Repeal, also known as Massachusetts Question 1, was one of the 2008 ballot measures that appeared on the November 4, 2008 ballot in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. Voters were asked whether or not they approved of the proposed measure which, if it had passed, would have ended the 5.3% income tax in Massachusetts on wages, interest, dividends and capital gains. Ultimately, Massachusetts voters defeated Question 1 by a wide margin, with approximately 70% opposed versus 30% in favor.
Specific provisions.
This proposed law would:
Supporters of the income tax repeal.
The official proponent of the measure is the Committee for Small Government. Michael Cloud and Carla Howell lead the committee.
Initiative supporter Michael Cloud believes that the measure will lower the budget from about $28 billion to $17 billion which is approximately the size of the 1995 state budget.
Polling shows that 46 percent of those asked support the measure before hearing any of its details, and 40 percent still supported it after hearing about the measure in depth.
Funding.
According to campaign finance reports, as of November 1, 2008 the Committee for Small Government has raised approximately $385,000 since creation and has $14,131.72 cash left. They also have about $80,000 in outstanding liabilities.
as of August 15, 2008, Ms Howell and Mr Cloud have paid themselves almost $200,000 from committee donations for "consulting fees" over the last 6 years for services rendered to the their own campaigns while soliciting donors for additional contributions because the campaign was out of funds.
Earlier attempt to repeal income tax.
The Committee for Small Government advanced a similar initiative, called the Massachusetts End the Income Tax initiative in 2002. That measure did not pass and received 885,683 votes, or 45.3 percent.
Individual Support.
The Republican senatorial candidate, Jeff Beatty, said that he supported Question 1 while challenging incumbent-John Kerry.
Editorial Support.
Stephen Moore of the "Wall Street Journal": “The forces of the tax-and-spend status quo will descend on this initiative like British troops after the original Boston tea party, but somebody has to make an effort to stop the relentless growth of government.”
Steve Forbes of "Forbes" magazine: “This is an attack on political establishments there and throughout the U.S. that routinely put their own interests above those of their constituents: lavish government pensions with payouts that would bankrupt private companies; resistance to genuine reform in Medicaid spending, which has become the biggest item on virtually every state's budget; ever more pork-barrel spending; and ever more obsequiousness to rapacious special interests. Bay State voters – go for Proposition 1.”
Opposition.
Funding.
According to campaign finance reports, as of October 15, 2008 the Coalition for Our Communities, the organization opposing this tax cut, had raised over $5 million—99.8% from teachers' and other government sector unions.
Individual opponents.
Michael Widmer, president of the Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation,
Gov. Deval Patrick
The Selectman in the town of Wayland voted unanimously to oppose the initiative.
State Rep. Tom Conroy, D-Wayland
Senator John Kerry (D-MA) publicly opposed it while running for reelection for senate.
Republican State Senator and future U.S. senator Scott Brown voted against Question 1 despite voting against raising the state's flat tax to 5.95% while in the state senate in 2003.
Organizations against the measure.
Coalition for Our Communities, an organization created by the Massachusetts AFL-CIO that reportedly has $1.34 million with which to mount an effort to defeat the measure. The Coalition's funds are derived mainly from unions, including $750,000 from the National Education Association. The group also received $250,000 from American Federation of Teachers Solidarity Fund. Both the NEA and the AFTSF are based in Washington, D.C.
Editorial opposition.
"The Boston Globe" has officially asked voters to vote "no" on Question 1.
Funding.
According to campaign finance reports, as of November 1, 2008 The Coalition for Our Communities has raised approximately $6,625,000 since creation and has $117,270.95 cash left. They also received about an additional $650,000 in inkind donations from unions such as donated staff, supplies, postage etc.
History of petition drive and blocking allegations.
The proponents submitted about 100,000 signatures to the Massachusetts Secretary of State for the first phase of signature collection. 76,084 of those signatures were determined to be valid, with a requirement that 66,593 must be valid for the initiative to proceed to the next step. The next step was for the Massachusetts State Legislature to take up the measure. They declined to pass it by the first Wednesday in May 2008, meaning that the proponents had to collect an additional 11,099 valid signatures by June 18, 2008. On July 3, it was announced that 15,913 additional certified signatures had been filed, making the measure extremely likely to appear on the ballot.
The Massachusetts Teachers Association who's mailing address is the same as the "Committee for our Communities", admitted in December 2007 that it had made phone calls to people who signed the petition to place the income tax repeal on the ballot, inquiring about whether their signature was valid. The calls were made from a group identifying itself as the "Committee for our Communities".
External links.
Note: The original version of this article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about the Massachusetts State Income Tax Repeal Initiative

</doc>
<doc id="19168283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168283" title="U.S. Route 34 in Nebraska">
U.S. Route 34 in Nebraska

In the U.S. state of Nebraska, U.S. Highway 34 is a highway which goes between the Colorado border west of Haigler to the Iowa border east of Plattsmouth. Between Culbertson and Hastings, U.S. 34 overlaps U.S. Highway 6. From Grand Island to Lincoln, U.S. 34 has been replaced by Interstate 80 as a high-speed corridor and mostly serves local traffic. On this portion of the highway, U.S. 34 is continuously north of Interstate 80. Within Lincoln, U.S. 34 runs concurrent with all of Interstate 180, and much of it follows O Street.
Route description.
U.S. Highway 34 begins west of Haigler. At Haigler, it meets Nebraska Highway 27, which connects with K-27 in Kansas. It continues east to Benkelman, where it intersects and overlaps with Nebraska Highway 61 and briefly turns north. After leaving Benkelman, the overlap ends, and U.S. 34 continues northeast through Max and Stratton before meeting Nebraska Highway 25 in Trenton. Before reaching Culbertson, it intersects U.S. Highway 6.
U.S. 34 and U.S. 6 then pass through Culbertson, where they intersect Nebraska Highway 17. They go east together through McCook, where they meet U.S. Highway 83 and briefly overlap. They continue east through Indianola and Bartley, and at Cambridge, intersect the southern segment of Nebraska Highway 47. After passing through Holbrook, they intersect U.S. Highway 283 in Arapahoe.
After Arapahoe, U.S. 34 and U.S. 6 continue east, intersecting U.S. Highway 136, Nebraska Highway 46 and Nebraska Highway 4 before turning northeast. After passing through Atlanta, they meet Nebraska Highway 23 and U.S. Highway 183 in Holdrege. They continue northeasterly through Funk before intersecting and overlapping Nebraska Highway 44 through Axtell. They then continue through Minden, where they intersect Nebraska Highway 10. They continue going northeast through Heartwell, where the road turns due east. At Hastings, U.S. 34 and U.S. 6 intersect U.S. Highway 281, and U.S. 34 then turns north with U.S. 281. U.S. 34 and U.S. 281 then follow a divided highway north to Grand Island, intersecting Interstate 80 south of Grand Island near its crossing of the Platte River. At the south end of Grand Island, U.S. 34 ends its overlap with U.S. 281 and turns east, overlapping the western segment of Nebraska Highway 2.
U.S. 34 and Nebraska Highway 2 continue east through the southern portion of Grand Island, ending their overlap near where they cross the Platte River. It continues east through Aurora and intersecting Nebraska Highway 14 there. It then passes through Hampton and Bradshaw before meeting U.S. Highway 81 in York. After passing through Waco, U.S. 34 then intersects Nebraska Highway 69. It then continues through Utica and Tamora before meeting Nebraska Highway 15 in Seward. U.S. 34 continues east and becomes a divided highway when it intersects Nebraska Highway 79.
U.S. 34 passes north of the Lincoln Airport as the Purple Heart Highway before it curves south towards downtown Lincoln and intersects with Interstate 80 and U.S. Highway 77. At I-80, a new overlap begins with Interstate 180, which overlaps U.S. 34 for its entire length to downtown. U.S. 34 then becomes a pair of one-way streets, North 9th Street and North 10th Streets, where Interstate 180 ends. U.S. 34 turns east on "O" Street in downtown Lincoln just a few blocks later.
U.S. 34 then continues due east from Lincoln, intersecting Nebraska Highway 43 in Eagle. It then intersects Nebraska Highway 63 east of Eagle and then Nebraska Highway 1 near Elmwood. It then intersects Nebraska Highway 50 and Nebraska Highway 67 before passing through Union. It then turns north with U.S. 75, intersects Nebraska Highway 1 again near Murray, and then intersects Nebraska Highway 66 in Plattsmouth. It then passes through Plattsmouth, and enters Iowa at the Plattsmouth Bridge.
Future.
Nebraska and Iowa are planning a new U.S. Route 34 bridge which would reroute U.S. 34 north of the Platte River concurrent with U.S. 75, then turn east to cross the Missouri River south of Bellevue, Nebraska. It would then align with the current U.S. 34 alignment near Glenwood, Iowa.
Major intersections.
!County
!Location
!Mile
!Junction
!Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19168299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168299" title="U.S. Route 63 in Minnesota">
U.S. Route 63 in Minnesota

U.S. Route 63 (US 63) is a highway in southeastern Minnesota that runs from the Minnesota-Iowa border south of Spring Valley to the Mississippi River at Red Wing. It connects the cities of Spring Valley, Stewartville, Rochester, and Lake City.
The route in Minnesota is in length.
Route description.
U.S. 63 enters the state in Fillmore County, just north of Chester, Iowa. It travels north to Spring Valley where it becomes concurrent with State Highway 16, following it west for five miles entering Mower County. It continues north through Racine, then into Stewartville, after passing into Olmsted County, where it becomes a divided highway. Immediately after Stewartville, it intersects Interstate 90. The highway then enters Rochester 1 mile after the I-90 junction, where it is an expressway south of U.S. 52 (slowly becoming a freeway). After the intersection with highway 52, it becomes Broadway Avenue through downtown Rochester. 
The highway is reduced to two lanes on the north side of Rochester and continues north through Olmsted and Wabasha counties. It meets U.S. Highway 61 at Lake City and overlaps it into the city of Red Wing. U.S. 63 turns southeast on State Highway 58 for one block and then turns northeast on 3rd Street. It then curves back northwest to cross over 61, and then reaches the Red Wing Bridge where it crosses the Mississippi River and enters the state of Wisconsin.
Nearly all of the route is legally defined as Constitutional Route 59 in the Minnesota Statutes, except for the part between Red Wing and the Mississippi River, which is Legislative Route 161.
History.
U.S. 63 was extended into Minnesota in 1934. The route had previously been marked the year before as U.S. 59, except for the segment running from U.S. 61 to the river crossing, which had been State Highway 58. U.S. 63 was an original 1926 U.S. Route and terminated in Des Moines, Iowa until it was extended north. The U.S. 59 designation was simultaneously re-assigned to a new highway running from Laredo, Texas to Pembina, North Dakota.
The route was paved when it was marked.
<br clear=all>
Future.
In 2013, Highway 63 will be rerouted to avoid downtown Rochester. It will follow Olmsted County Road 14 to Highway 52. Highway 63 will be concurrent with Highway 52 through western Rochester, until the S Broadway exit on the southern side of the city. 
The Minnesota Department of Transportation also has plans to turn Highway 63 into an controlled-access freeway between U.S. 52 and Interstate 90.

</doc>
<doc id="19168300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168300" title="U.S. Route 65 in Missouri">
U.S. Route 65 in Missouri

U.S. Route 65 is a north-south U.S. highway that runs from Clayton, Louisiana to Albert Lea, Minnesota. In Missouri, the highway enters the state from Arkansas, just south of Branson. The highway exits the state into Iowa near South Lineville.
Route description.
US 65 enters Missouri between Omaha, Arkansas and Ridgedale, Missouri. The road is a four-lane expressway, traveling through Branson and Hollister toward the Springfield metro area. Through the Branson area, US 65 is built as a freeway. North of Branson there is a interchange with Route 465 (a freeway spur) and U.S. Route 160. US 160 to Highlandville is the old alignment of US 65 (until the 1960s).
Just south of Route EE (Highlandville exit), US 65 returns to freeway status. The freeway is called the "Schoolcraft Freeway" in Springfield, in honor of Henry Rowe Schoolcraft. In Springfield are junctions with U.S. Route 60 and Interstate 44. The interchange with I-44 includes a flyover ramp connecting NB 65 with WB 44. Construction is underway to rebuild the interchange at US 60 (James River Freeway). In September 2011, US 65 became a six-lane divided freeway in Springfield between Interstate 44 and US 60. It is the first six-lane highway to appear in Southwest Missouri. North of Springfield, it returns to a four-lane, non-interstate highway.
U.S. 65 from Springfield to Buffalo has been upgraded to a four-lane, non-interstate highway. This project began with the addition of a partial four-lane highway through the Fair Grove, MO area to replace a dangerous traffic light intersection with an overpass, it culminated with the entire length of U.S. 65 becoming a four-lane highway from Springfield to just outside of Buffalo. It was completed in summer 2010.
Through the town of Buffalo, the highway becomes two lanes with a center lane for left turns. This part of the highway has also seen upgrades in recent years, such as rumble stripes and extending the middle turn lane to just outside the northern part of the city.
From Buffalo to Preston, US 65 is a two-lane highway, having an intersection with U.S. Route 54 at Preston (a four-way stop).
At Warsaw the highway crosses over the western end of the Lake of the Ozarks and becomes a four lane, non interstate highway again at the intersection with Missouri Route 7.
At Sedalia is an intersection with U.S. Route 50, at Marshall Junction is an interchange with Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 40. In Marshall, the four-lane highway ends, and US 65 is a two-lane highway all the way to Iowa. At Waverly is the beginning of a concurrency with U.S. Route 24 (which will continue to Carrollton). Also in Waverly, US 65 and US 24 cross the Missouri River via the Waverly Bridge. Further north, the road crosses U.S. Route 36 at Chillicothe and U.S. Route 136 at Princeton. The highway leaves Missouri at South Lineville and enters Iowa.
The section of highway from Preston to Marshall Junction has been cited as a good drive for motorcyclists, with its sparsely-populated areas and the hilly landscape.
History.
From 1922 to 1926, US 65 in Missouri was Route 3. US 65 originally followed Route 248 and U.S. Route 160 between Branson and Springfield. Route 3 was originally planned on a shorter route between Springfield and Preston, with Route 71 on the longer alignment via Buffalo, but Route 3 was quickly shifted east, absorbing Route 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19168310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168310" title="Aberdeen Falls">
Aberdeen Falls

Aberdeen Falls is a picturesque high waterfall on the Kehelgamu Oya near Ginigathena, in the Nuwara Eliya District of Sri Lanka. Aberdeen is named after Aberdeen, the third largest city of Scotland and the capital of Aberdeenshire. Kehelgamu Oya is a major tributary of the Kelani River. The waterfall is ranked as the 18th highest in the Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19168311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168311" title="General of Internal Affairs of Ukraine">
General of Internal Affairs of Ukraine

General of Internal Affairs of Ukraine () is a four-star general officer and is the highest "possible rank" in the Minister of the Internal Affairs of Ukraine which was created on 22 April 1993. The rank is equivalent to General of Army of Ukraine rank.

</doc>
<doc id="19168313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168313" title="Massachusetts Greyhound Protection Act">
Massachusetts Greyhound Protection Act

The Greyhound Protection Act is a Massachusetts statute that gradually eliminated commercial dog racing by 2010. It was enacted as Question 3 on the November 4, 2008 ballot in Massachusetts.
It shut down the state's two tracks, Raynham-Taunton Greyhound Park and Wonderland Greyhound Park in Revere, by January 1, 2010. Violators face minimum fines of $20,000 by the State Racing Commission.
Specific provisions in the initiative.
Details of the statute are:
Legislative history.
Past initiative.
A similar initiative made the ballot in 2000, the racing industry opposed it with television ads arguing that the 2000 initiative would lead to the loss of 1,500 jobs along with $10 million in pari-mutuel betting and other taxes.
Petition drive.
Supporters submitted 45,000 signatures to qualify the measure for the November 2008 ballot on June 17. The state legislature had until the first Wednesday in May to make the proposals law. Without the legislature's support, proponents had until June 18 to gather another 11,099 signatures. The proponents claimed to have gathered 100,000 signatures, guaranteeing that the initiative would meet the requirements.
Lawsuit to strike from ballot.
Opponents filed a lawsuit in March saying the measure is unfit for the ballot because it singles out the two tracks, when it should apply to the whole state. The Supreme Judicial Court took the matter under advisement after a hearing May 7.
On July 15, the court rejected the challenge by the initiative's opponents, which means that unless other lawsuits are filed and are successful, the initiative will appear on the November ballot.
The high court rejected the claim that the initiative shouldn't be on a statewide ballot because it was about two local racetracks by saying that racing amounts to a statewide concern.
Supporters.
The Committee to Protect Dogs is the official ballot committee of the initiative.
In addition to Committee to Protect Dogs, the Greyhound Protection Act has been endorsed by:
Arguments for initiative.
Arguments in favor of the initiative that have been made by its supporters include:
Funding.
According to campaign finance reports, as of November 1, 2008 the Committee to Protect Dogs has raised approximately $903,000 and has $9,169.09 remaining. Grey2k shows no filings for 2008. Between 2005 - 2007 they filed as having received no donations or expenditures and $18,490.21 in liabilities although they appear to have donated approx $55,000 dollars and well over $100,000 in staff and services to the committee since 2005.
Opponents.
The official ballot committee opposed to the initiative is The Massachusetts Animal Interest Coalition which is mainly made up of the owners of the two tracks that would be shut down, including George Carney, who has owned the Raynham-Taunton track for the past 40 years, and Charles Sarkis, owner of the Wonderland track.
Arguments against initiative.
Arguments that have been made against the initiative include:
Funding.
According to campaign finance reports, as of November 1, 2008 The Massachusetts Animal Interest Coalition has raised approximately $436,000 and has $7,720.38 remaining. It also received approx $215,000 in inkind donations such as staff, postage, etc.. mainly from the 2 race tracks. They also have an additional $3,000 in liabilities.
Source.
The original version of this article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about the Massachusetts Greyhound Protection Act

</doc>
<doc id="19168325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168325" title="U.S. Route 71 in Missouri">
U.S. Route 71 in Missouri

U.S. Route 71 (US 71) is a major north–south U.S. Highway that runs from Louisiana to Canada. US 71 enters Missouri from Arkansas in the town of Jane. US 71 serves the cities of Joplin, Kansas City and St. Joseph. At noon on December 12, 2012, the section of US 71 between Pineville, Missouri and Bannister Road in south Kansas City was also designated as a northern extension of Interstate 49 (I-49).
Route description.
US 71 enters Missouri in Jane coming from Arkansas. Currently, a new bypass is being built known as the Bella Vista Bypass, to go around Jane and Bella Vista, Arkansas to connect with the freeway section of US 71 near Pineville. At this point, Interstate 49 begins its concurrency with US 71. I-49 and US 71 pass through many smaller communities before reaching Joplin. In Joplin, I-49 and US 71 interchanges with Interstate 44 and begin a short concurrency from I-44 exits 11 through 18.
A few miles east of Joplin, I-49 and US 71 leave I-44 and heads north and enters Carthage. Due to the freeway being built, old sections of the highway have been bypassed and become county roads. They are known locally as the "lost highway". I-49 and US 71 pass through Nevada and other communities before reaching the Kansas City area. In south Kansas City, at Bannister Road just north of The 3-Trails Crossing Memorial Highway (formerly the Grandview Triangle), US 71 ends its conurrency with I-49, and continues into downtown Kansas City as Bruce R. Watkins Memorial Drive. US 71 loses its freeway status for 3 blocks in Kansas City before becoming a freeway again and entering Downtown Kansas City. It is very unlikely that the freeway will continue all the way through, as a court order prevents the stoplights to be bypassed, even though MoDot has the necessary right of way to do so.
In northern Kansas City, US 71 shares many overlaps with interstates, including I-70, I-35, Interstate 29 in Missouri. US 71 runs with I-29 through Kansas City north of Downtown until St. Joseph.
Once in St. Joseph, US 71 leaves I-29. US 71 runs north to Maryville. US 71 serves the small community of Clearmont before running through countryside into Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19168329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168329" title="U.S. Route 75 in Nebraska">
U.S. Route 75 in Nebraska

In the U.S. State of Nebraska, U.S. Highway 75 is a highway which goes from the Kansas border south of Dawson in the south to the Iowa border in the north at South Sioux City. Portions of the highway are freeway within the Omaha metropolitan area, including an overlap with Interstate 480. Another segment is freeway in the South Sioux City area, an overlap with Interstate 129. Much of the highway parallels the Missouri River.
Route description.
U.S. Highway 75 begins at the Kansas border in Richardson County. It intersects Nebraska Highway 8 and then passes through Dawson. North of Dawson, it intersects U.S. Highway 73, Nebraska Highway 4, and Nebraska Highway 62. It continues north into Auburn, where it intersects U.S. Highway 136. It then overlaps Nebraska Highway 67 and intersects Nebraska Highway 128, where the highway becomes a divided highway. It continues as a divided highway until it intersects Nebraska Highway 2 in Nebraska City. It turns west with Nebraska Highway 2 and then turns north at the west end of Nebraska City. It intersects U.S. Highway 34 near Union. The two highways then intersect Nebraska Highway 1 near Murray before the overlap ends in Plattsmouth at their intersection with Nebraska Highway 66. Just north of Plattsmouth, the highway becomes divided again and crosses the Platte River.
After crossing the Platte River, U.S. Highway 75 becomes the Kennedy Freeway at its interchange with Fort Crook Road and Fairview Road. It then enters Bellevue, and has four interchanges in Bellevue, including one with Nebraska Highway 370. U.S. Highway 75 then enters Omaha in the South Omaha neighborhood. It then has three interchanges, including one with U.S. Highway 275 and Nebraska Highway 92, before intersecting Interstate 80 and beginning a new overlap with Interstate 480. The overlap continues north until they separate near downtown Omaha. U.S. Highway 75 then continues north on the North Freeway as it passes through North Omaha. The freeway then ends and the highway curves towards North 30th Street. It follows North 30th Street through the Florence neighborhood before turning west. It continues west until intersecting Nebraska Highway 36 and turning north. It then immediately intersects Interstate 680.
The highway continues north through Nashville and Fort Calhoun before entering Blair. In Blair, it intersects U.S. Highway 30 and overlaps in Blair. The overlap ends when they intersect Nebraska Highway 91, when U.S. Highway 75 turns north. It goes northwesterly through Herman, then turns north to Tekamah, where it intersects Nebraska Highway 32. It continues north to Decatur, where there is a short overlap with Nebraska Highway 51. It then turns northwest to enter the Omaha Indian Reservation. It then passes through Macy and intersects Nebraska Highway 94 before entering the Winnebago Indian Reservation. U.S. Highway 75 then intersects U.S. Highway 77 before entering Winnebago and leaving the Winnebago Indian Reservation. The two highways continue north through Homer, then turn northeast until at Dakota City, they intersect Nebraska Highway 35. They continue north until the intersection with U.S. Highway 20 and Interstate 129 at South Sioux City. U.S. Highway 75 then overlap U.S. 20 and I-129 eastward until crossing the Missouri River and entering Iowa.
History.
In 1926, when the highway was created, U.S. Highway 75 went north from Kansas to Omaha, then turned east and crossed the Missouri River to enter Council Bluffs, Iowa. In 1985, U.S. 75 was rerouted to go west of the river between Omaha and Sioux City, Iowa, and U.S. 75 took over the former route of U.S. 73.
Construction of the North Omaha Freeway, coupled with social unrest in the 1970s, greatly changed the North Omaha area. One neighborhood experienced a 30 percent housing loss and major increase in crime. Interstate 580 (abbreviated I-580) was the original designation for this portion of US-75 during the late 1970s and early 1980s. This designation was revoked when the state of Nebraska declined to upgrade the interchange with I-480 to Interstate Highway standards, and the freeway is now solely US-75.
In 2005, the Nebraska Department of Roads began a project to bring the I-480/US-75 interchange up to Interstate standards. Construction was expected to be complete in 2009, but it has been delayed to 2011 due to shortage of funding.

</doc>
<doc id="19168374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168374" title="Massachusetts ballot measures">
Massachusetts ballot measures

Massachusetts ballot measures may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19168375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168375" title="Villejuif leaflet">
Villejuif leaflet

The Villejuif leaflet , also known as the Villejuif flyer and the Villejuif list, was a pamphlet which enjoyed wide distribution. The leaflet listed a number of safe food additives with their E numbers as alleged carcinogens. The leaflet caused mass panic in Europe in the late 1970s and 1980s. One of the entries on the list was citric acid (E330).
Its name derives from its false claim to have been produced at the hospital in Villejuif.
History.
The earliest known sighting of the leaflet was in February 1976, in the form of a single typewritten page in France. Homemade copies were spread across Europe for a decade in the form of a leaflet or flyer pamphlet that was distributed between friends and apart from citric acid included 16 other chemicals in a list of substances that it called dangerous toxins and carcinogens. The original author of the typewritten list was never found, and the leaflet affected about 7 million people in its uncontrollable propagation. In a survey of 150 housewives, 19% say they have stopped buying these brands, and 69% plan to do so.
List contents.
Multiple versions of this leaflet circulated, the exact set of suspect and dangerous substances differing from version to version. The following substances have been included on at least one such leaflet:
Research.
This phenomenon became the subject of academic empirical research by J. N. Kapferer, president of the Foundation for the Study and Information on Rumors (an organisation in Paris, France) and professor of communication at L'Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales and l'Institut Supérieur des Affaires (a university in France) because of its persistence contrary to all official denials about the safety of citric acid and its wide distribution, as about half of all French housewives had been exposed to it. The resulting scientific paper was published in 1989 in the 53rd volume of the "Public Opinion Quarterly", a journal associated with the American Association for Public Opinion Research and published by the University of Chicago Press (now published by the Oxford University Press).
According to a 1990 book also written by Jean-Noël Kapferer, the leaflet drew the attention of experts, who immediately recognised its dubious nature. The leaflet wrongly listed E330, citric acid, as the most dangerous of all carcinogens.
Spread.
The rumour, considered one of the most important experienced in the French society, spread via a translated leaflet in Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Middle East, and Africa.
Journalists working for newspapers distributed the list of alleged carcinogens verbatim; even a 1984 book written by a medical doctor aiming at informing the general public about the dangers of cancer included the substances in the flyer in a list of carcinogens, without checking the flyer's accuracy.
False connection with the hospital of Villejuif.
It was reproduced many times by many individuals as friends sought to inform other friends of the harmful chemicals in their food, and in the course of uncontrolled copying a version of the leaflet included the name of the Villejuif Hospital, making victims to the rumour believe that the list was authorised by it. Even though the hospital (as Gustave-Roussy Institute) denied any association, it was unable to stop the further dissemination of the flyer, which went on from hand to hand until at least 1986 and was passed to elementary schools, organisations, and even various hospitals, while medical schools and pharmacy schools also fell victim to the list because of its (unauthorised and untrue) reference to the well-known hospital of Villejuif.
Possible explanations.
Citric acid is important for a chemical process named Krebs cycle, but "Krebs" means cancer in German, and it has been suggested that this linguistic confusion may have been responsible for false claims that citric acid is carcinogenic.

</doc>
<doc id="19168381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168381" title="KMA">
KMA

KMA could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19168383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168383" title="Fly SDK">
Fly SDK

FLY SDK is a commercial library for converting, creating, merging, marking or modifying PDF and PostScript files. It produces both vector and image formats. It supports industry-standard formats, including WMF/EMF, PDF, DXF, CGM, SVG, MIF, EPS and HPGL. Bitmap image formats include JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIFF and BMP. ASCII text can be stripped for search and indexing applications or extracted retaining placement. Fly SDK is developed by Visual Integrity.
The Fly SDK conversion framework is built on top of a PostScript/PDF interpreter. It generates a display list which is used to drive the conversion or to feed file modifications. It does not operate via a printer driver but can accept input from print streams. The library is accessed via command line or a DLL on Microsoft Windows. Accessing the engine requires modification of a conversion profile (.ini) and scripting two calls.
Fly SDK is multi-platform and operates on Windows, Linux, Sun Solaris, IBM AIX, HPUX and Mac OS X. 

</doc>
<doc id="19168386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168386" title="Good Food &amp; Wine Show">
Good Food &amp; Wine Show

The Good Food & Wine Show is Australia's largest consumer exhibition. It showcases cuisine matches and celebrity chefs.
The event is staged annually in Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Adelaide and Brisbane and so far has attracted just under 120,600 food and wine lovers for 2011.
History.
The inaugural Good Food Show was staged in Melbourne in 2001. The first event featured some 130 exhibitors and was headlined by celebrity chef Jamie Oliver. Over 38,000 visitors attended the show over the course of three days.
2002 saw the launch of the event in Sydney at Sydney Olympic Park. Due to public popularity and demand, the event was subsequently moved to the Sydney Convention & Exhibition Centre in Darling Harbour.
In 2005 the event was staged in Brisbane for the first time and in 2008 the inaugural Good Food & Wine Show Perth was held at the Perth Convention Exhibition Centre. The Adelaide event made its debut in 2010 at the Adelaide Event and Exhibition Centre.
Chefs that have appeared at the event include Gordon Ramsay, Ainsley Harriott, Gary Mehigan, George Calombaris, Manu Feildel, Ian Parmenter, Elizabeth Chong, Gabriel Gaté, Jill Dupliex, Rick Stein, Kylie Kwong, Bill Granger, Luke Mangan, Matt Moran, Ben O'Donoghue, Tyler Florence, Pete Evans, Tobie Puttock, Donna Hay and Gino D’Acampo.
The 2008 Sydney Show set a new record attendance for the event attracting 53,135 visitors over the course of three days.
In 2012, the Good Food and Wine show hosted celebrity chefs Manu Feildel, Ainsley Harriott, Alistair McLeod, Tobie Puttock, Matt Moran, George Calombaris, and Maggie Beer.

</doc>
<doc id="19168393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168393" title="Sun Netra">
Sun Netra

The Sun Netra brand has been used for a variety of server computers from Sun Microsystems since 1994. The original Netra servers (such as the Netra "i" and Netra "j" models) were re-badged SPARCstation and Sun Ultra series systems bundled with server application software.
Later the Netra name was mainly used for a series of ruggedized Network Equipment-Building System (NEBS)-certified carrier grade servers for telecommunications applications. 

</doc>
<doc id="19168406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168406" title="Lawrence Legend">
Lawrence Legend

Lawrence Legend (born Lawrence Ryan, 28 March 1971 in Junee, New South Wales) is an Australian stunt motorcyclist. Legend obtained his first motorcycle when aged 14 and has since gone on to become a notable stunt performer and world record holder.
References.
www.dailyadvertiser.com.au/.../lawrence-the-legend-convicted-of-negligent...
External links.
www.dailyadvertiser.com.au/.../lawrence-the-legend-convicted-of-negligent...

</doc>
<doc id="19168424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168424" title="Actuarial control cycle">
Actuarial control cycle

The actuarial control cycle is a specific business activity which involves the application of actuarial science to real world business problems. The actuarial control cycle requires a professional within that field (i.e., an actuary) to specify a problem, develop a solution, monitor the consequences thereof, and repeat the process. The Society of Actuaries in the US is increasingly integrating the actuarial control cycle into the examination/qualification process as a framework that helps to define actuarial projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19168436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168436" title="Armorican Massif">
Armorican Massif

The Armorican Massif () is a geologic massif that covers a large area in the northwest of France, including Brittany, the western part of Normandy and the Pays de la Loire. Its name comes from the old Armorica, a Gaul area between the Loire and the Seine rivers. The massif is composed of metamorphic and magmatic rocks that were metamorphosed and/or deformed during the Hercynian or Variscan orogeny (400 to 280 million years ago) and the earlier Cadomian orogeny (650 to 550 million years ago). The region was uplifted when the Bay of Biscay opened during the Cretaceous period. The Cantabrian Mountains and the Armorican Massif were then rift shoulders of the Bay of Biscay. 
The competent old rocks of the Armorican Massif have been eroded to a plateaulike peneplain. The highest summit, the Mont des Avaloirs (Mayenne département), is just 417 meters above sea level. The western part of the Armorican Massif (which covers Brittany) are the Monts d'Arrée.
Geology.
During the Neoproterozoic, older parts of the Armorican Massif formed the northern margin of the paleocontinent Gondwana. During the Paleozoic era, the Armorican Massif was part of the microcontinent Armorica, which probably also included terranes found in the Vosges, Black Forest and Bohemian Massif further east. Armorica rifted off the northern margin of Gondwana somewhere during the Ordovician or Silurian periods to move northward and collide with Laurussia during the Hercynian orogeny.
The oldest rocks of the massif are Neoproterozoic sediments of the Brioverian Supergroup which were deformed and metamorphosed during the Cadomian orogeny. These are overlain by lower Paleozoic (Cambrian to Devonian) (meta-)sediments. The whole sequence was deformed, metamorphosed and intruded by felsic magmas during the Hercynian orogeny.
The massif is cut in three by two major late Hercynian southeast-northwest striking shear zones (the "North" and "South Armorican Shear Zones"). The divisions are simply called the "North", "Center" and "South Armorican Zones". Generally the north was less deformed during the Hercynian orogeny than the south. The South Armorican Zone is considered part of the core of the Hercynian orogeny, comparable to the Moldanubian Zone of southern Germany and central Europe. Late Hercynian granitoid bodies were intruded along the South Armorican Shear Zone. The northern parts of the Armorican Massif have less intrusive rocks, although a small zone in the northwest of Brittany (Léon Zone) forms an exception.

</doc>
<doc id="19168464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168464" title="Pianotarium">
Pianotarium

Pianotarium is a piano tribute album to Metallica by Scott D. Davis. It contains eight piano covers of Metallica songs and three original compositions. Davis had been a Metallica fan since his teenage years; explaining the genesis of the album to the "Sacramento News & Review", he said: "I’ve been a huge Metallica fan since I was 14, and have wanted to do this album for a long time. I had a hunch that their music could sound really amazing on the piano. There’s a great deal of beauty in Metallica’s music, and I wanted the piano arrangements to highlight that quality, to bring forth many of the harmonies and intricacies that have always set Metallica apart. I also tried to take advantage of the powerful, edgy resonance of the grand piano, so that it wouldn’t totally lose its 'metal' intensity."

</doc>
<doc id="19168484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168484" title="The Shops at Kenilworth">
The Shops at Kenilworth

The Shops at Kenilworth is a mall in Towson, Maryland. It has more than 30 stores. The mall opened in 1979.
The mall used to have an express location of the Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration. This location closed on September 23, 2005, in favor of a new location elsewhere in Baltimore County.
The mall used to have a location of European clothing retailer Ulla Popken, which opened in 2000. This store has since closed.
In 2008, the mall started to undergo a multi-million dollar facelift. The mall managed to attract new tenants, despite a downturned economy that year.
In 2009, the mall celebrated its 30th anniversary, and stated that its retailers were doing well, despite the downturn in the economy.
Owners.
The mall has been under the following ownership:

</doc>
<doc id="19168504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168504" title="24 cm SK L/30 &quot;Theodor Otto&quot;">
24 cm SK L/30 &quot;Theodor Otto&quot;

The 24 cm SK L/30 "Theodor Otto" (SK - Schnelladungskanone (Fast-loading cannon) L - Lange (with a 30 caliber barrel) was a German railroad gun used in World War I. Four were built and saw service in 1918 on the Western Front.
Design and history.
These guns were originally fitted to the obsolete armored ship "SMS Oldenburg", which had been disarmed when it was converted to a target ship about 1912. One obvious change made for land service was the placement of a large counterweight just forward of the trunnions to counteract the preponderance of weight towards the breech. This, although heavy, was simpler than adding equilibrators to perform the same function. Four were fitted in 1918 to the railroad and firing platform mounts ("Eisenbahn und Bettungsschiessgerüst") "(E. u. B.)" designed for the 24 cm SK L/40 "Theodor Karl". This was fairly simple, but required an even larger counterweight to compensate for the older gun's shorter barrel and greater weight.
The "E. u. B." could fire from any suitable section of track after curved wedges were bolted to the track behind each wheel to absorb any residual recoil after the gun cradle recoiled backwards. It also had a pintle built into the underside of the front of the mount. Two large rollers were fitted to the underside of the mount at the rear. Seven cars could carry a portable metal firing platform ("Bettungslafette") that had a central pivot mount and an outer rail. It was assembled with the aid of a derrick or crane, which took between three and five days, and railroad tracks were laid slightly past the firing platform to accommodate the front bogies of the gun. The gun was moved over the firing platform and then lowered into position after the central section of rail was removed. After the gun's pintle was bolted to the firing platform's pivot mount, the entire carriage was jacked up so that the trucks and their sections of rail could be removed. The carriage was then lowered so that the rear rollers rested on the outer track. Concrete versions were also used. It could have up to 360° of traverse. The "E. u. B." mount retained 4° of on-mount traverse for fine aiming adjustments.
Ammunition.
Ammunition was moved by means of an overhead rail from which a pair of shell tongs lifted up individual shells to be placed in the loading tray fixed to the breech. An extensible rail could be raised and braced in place to allow the tongs to reach shells placed on the ground or in an ammunition car behind the mount. The gun had to be at zero elevation to load and thus it had to be re-aimed after every shot. The "Theodor Otto" fired several different shells with weights between . It used the German naval system of ammunition, where the base charge was held in a metallic cartridge case and supplemented by another charge in a silk bag which was rammed first.
Combat History.
Little is known of their service, although the Americans captured one in November 1918. Nothing is known of their disposition after the Armistice.

</doc>
<doc id="19168520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168520" title="EO Aurigae">
EO Aurigae

EO Aurigae is an eclipsing binary of Algol type. The eclipsing binary nature of the star was detected in 1943 by Sergei Gaposchkin at Harvard College Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19168522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168522" title="David Storey (artist)">
David Storey (artist)

2012 Threadneedle finalist David Storey (born 2 August 1954, Workington, Cumbria, England) is a British painter and graphic artist. Known initially for his stark 'Moholy Nagy' inspired album covers and particularly his work for the 2-Tone record label (1979–1985).
Biography.
David Storey spent his childhood in the dramatic landscape of the English Lake District before going on to study art at London's Hornsey Art College (now Middlesex University). He began working in the music industry in 1977, when he joined Sir Elton John's label, The Rocket Record Company, as a designer from 1977 to 1979.
Storey then moved to Chrysalis Records (1979–1984) first as a designer and later as art director. His best known work from this period is the bold, innovative and influential designs he produced for the cult group The Specials and their record label 2-Tone (created under the direction of Jerry Dammers).
In 1986, David Storey became a founding member of the innovative and highly successful The Bureaux. This landmark collective of 20 artists and designers worked from a warehouse in London's Clerkenwell district. 
His work has since featured in numerous exhibitions including shows at: The Mall Galleries; Cultivate, Vyner Street Gallery; The Brighton Museum and Art Gallery; and The Gallery in Cork Street. In 2012 David was a Threadneedle Prize finalist.
David Storey is represented in the UK by Thomas and Paul Contemporary Art, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19168523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168523" title="Operation Mazurka">
Operation Mazurka

Operation Mazurka is the Australian Defence Force's (ADF) contribution to the Multinational Force and Observers (MFO), an international peacekeeping force, based in the Sinai Peninsula, overseeing the terms of the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty.
The MFO operates from two secure bases:
The Australian personnel operate predominately in North Camp.
Australia was an original contributor to the MFO with a joint rotary wing squadron deployed in 1981. In 1993, Australia returned to the MFO with an ADF contingent of 25 personnel. Since that time approximately 1,200 personnel have deployed on Operation Mazurka. The ADF contingent operates on a 6 monthly posting cycle, with a part of the contingent rotating every 3 months.
Role.
The mission of the MFO is: "...to supervise the implementation of the security provisions of the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty and employ best efforts to prevent any violation of its terms." 
The ADF contingent performs various staff functions in the MFO Headquarters, as well as providing the Force Regimental Signals Officer, Security Sergeants to work with the Colombian Infantry Battalion for the base security at North Camp and Operational and Training staff to the MFO.

</doc>
<doc id="19168553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168553" title="Stikinia">
Stikinia

Stikinia is the name of a tectonostratigraphic terrane in the Canadian Cordillera of British Columbia, Canada. It was formed in a volcanic arc environment during the Paleozoic and Mesozoic periods. Until now, the Paleozoic rocks that form a semicontinuous belt along its western margin (Stikine assemblage) were only recognized in a restricted area in northern British Columbia, between the Stikine and Taku river areas. In contrast, Mesozoic Stikinia rocks form an almost continuous belt that extends much farther to the north, leading some authors to question the nature of the unexposed Paleozoic basement north of the Taku River area. The following correlations have significant implications for tectonic reconstructions of the northern Cordillera because they suggest that Stikinia's Paleozoic volcanic-sedimentary basement is more widespread than previously thought. 
On the basis of similar rock types and lithologic associations, six new uranium-lead zircon dates, and the common intrusive relationship with 184–195 million year old plutons, the Stikine assemblage is correlated with the Boundary Ranges suite, a metamorphosed Paleozoic volcanic assemblage exposed in the Tagish Lake area, north of the Taku River and south of the Yukon–British Columbia border. The recognition of the Boundary Ranges suite and the Jurassic plutons that intruded it (Tagish Lake suite) as part of Stikinia has implications for the age and character of the Stikinia–Tracy Arm terrane boundary because the Boundary Ranges and Tagish Lake suites form the footwall of a major Middle Jurassic shear zone that carried the continental margin–like rocks of the Tracy Arm terrane in its hanging wall. This correlation also implies that the late Paleozoic basement to the Mesozoic Stikinia arc is not a continental margin assemblage, at least as far north as the British Columbia–Yukon border, and possibly farther. The Boundary Ranges suite, and therefore the Stikine assemblage, are also tentatively correlated with parts of the Yukon-Tanana Terrane in Yukon (Aishihik Lake area), parts of the Taku terrane in southeast Alaska, and undivided metamorphic rocks in west-central British Columbia. Differences in the isotopic signatures of these rocks may reflect along-strike changes in the character of the basement rocks of the late Paleozoic Stikinia volcanic arc.
Stikinia forms the bedrock of numerous volcanoes in the southern portion of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province, a Miocene to Holocene geologic province that has its origins in continental rifting.

</doc>
<doc id="19168583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168583" title="September 2008 in Pakistan">
September 2008 in Pakistan


</doc>
<doc id="19168608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168608" title="James Charles Brady">
James Charles Brady

James Charles Brady (born January 21, 1876 in Dublin, Ireland-died January 24, 1962) was a Canadian politician, school principal and teacher. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Conservative Party to represent the riding of Skeena. He was defeated in the 1930 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19168648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168648" title="Kumiko">
Kumiko

Kumiko (くみこ, クミコ) is a feminine Japanese given name.
Possible writings.
Kumiko can be written using different kanji and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19168653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168653" title="Revo Uninstaller">
Revo Uninstaller

Revo Uninstaller is an uninstaller for Microsoft Windows. It uninstalls programs and additionally removes any files and Windows registry entries left behind by the program's uninstaller or by the Windows uninstall function.
Features.
Revo Uninstaller first runs the selected program's built-in uninstaller, then searches and removes associated files and registry entries that the uninstaller may not have removed from the user's drive.
Revo Uninstaller also cleans out:
Revo Uninstaller can also irrecoverably delete files.
A portable version is available that can be run without installing onto or modifying the system, in particular from external storage media such as USB and network drives.

</doc>
<doc id="19168665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168665" title="Frederick Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst">
Frederick Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst

Frederick Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (Alt Stettin, 8 August 1734 – Luxembourg, 3 March 1793), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and the last ruler of the Principality of Anhalt-Zerbst. 
He was the second and sole surviving son of Christian Augustus, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (since 1742 of all Anhalt-Zerbst) by his wife Johanna Elisabeth, daughter of Christian August of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp, Prince of Eutin, and was a younger brother of Russia's Catherine the Great.
Life.
Frederick Augustus succeeded his father in Anhalt-Zerbst in 1747, at the age of thirteen. His mother, the Dowager Princess Johanna Elisabeth, acted as regent on his behalf until 1752.
He was one of the sovereigns who supported Britain in the American Revolutionary War with soldiers. For this, he received a substantial monetary compensation.
In 1776 he granted religious tolerance in his lands.
Due to a quarrel with the Kingdom of Prussia, he was forced to flee into exile in Basel and later Luxembourg, where he died.
Marriages and Succession.
In Zerbst on 17 November 1753 Frederick Augustus married firstly with Caroline (b. Kassel 10 May 1732 - d. Zerbst, 22 May 1759), daughter of Prince Maximilian of Hesse-Kassel and granddaughter of Charles I, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel. The marriage was childless.
In Ballenstedt on 27 May 1764 Frederick Augustus married secondly with Fredericka Auguste Sophie (b. Ballenstedt, 28 August 1744 - d. Coswig, 12 April 1827), daughter of Victor Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg. Like the first marriage, this union was childless.
On his death the line of Anhalt-Zerbst became extinct and the succession to the principality was disputed between the other branches of Anhalt-Bernburg, Anhalt-Köthen and Anhalt-Dessau; finally, in 1796 Anhalt-Zerbst was divided and ceased to exist.
The dominion of Jever (which was anexed to Zerbst by the marriage of Prince Rudolph with Magdalene of Oldenburg, heiress of that land) was ruled under the Semi-Salic Law; for this, was given to the Empress Catherine II of Russia, born Princess Sophie Auguste Fredericka of Anhalt-Zerbst and Frederick Augustus's only surviving sibling.

</doc>
<doc id="19168680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168680" title="Railmark Holdings">
Railmark Holdings

Railmark Holdings, Inc. is an American rail industry holding company whose subsidiaries provide railroad services in railroad operations, track construction and maintenance, rail freight logistics, rail development, and railroad mechanical services. Railmark Holdings was founded in 1998 by B. Allen Brown, who serves as Railmark's President & CEO. The company will be celebrating its 15th anniversary in 2013.
Railmark primarily operates in the United States, but has had railroad business experience in fifteen countries outside of the United States.
The current subsidiaries are Railmark Track Works, Rail Freight Solutions, Railmark Transit Services, and Railmark Railcar Services. Railmark Transit Services serves the light rail and regional rail industry. Previous subsidiaries include Michigan Air-Line Railway and Railmark's Rail Entertainment USA. Railmark’s operations are divided into five business segments: railroad operations, rail logistics, track construction and maintenance, railcar services, and rail development.
The Railmark Track Works subsidiary supplies a line of bio-based, biodegradable rail curve and switch plate lubricants. Ultralube brand railroad lubricants are manufactured from renewable USA-grown crop based oils. RAILheat utilizes an environmentally safe and energy efficient Far Infrared (FIR) technology that is designed to prevent freezing in railroad equipment and operations. These products meet the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Environmental Preferable Purchasing (EPP) criteria.
Rail Entertainment USA used to run the Star Clipper Dinner Train, Steel Wheels Party Train, and Pullman Palace Bed & Breakfast, along with a scenic railway operation located in Oakland County, Michigan. The Star Clipper Dinner Train is the first and oldest dinner train in the United States, dating back to early 1986. The final run of this train was on December 31, 2008.
On November 12, 2009 the company sold its Michigan Air-Line Railway to Nebraska-based Browner Turnout.

</doc>
<doc id="19168696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168696" title="Operation Hedgerow">
Operation Hedgerow

Operation Hedgerow is the Australian Defence Force's (ADF) contribution to the United Nations African Union Mission in Darfur (UNAMID).
The UNAMID is a joint African Union and United Nations peacekeeping mission formally approved by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1769 on 31 July 2007 to bring stability to the war-torn Darfur region of Sudan while peace talks on a final settlement continue. 
Role.
The ADF will contribute nine personnel, specialists in operations, logistics and movements planning, who will be primarily based in the UNAMID headquarters at El Fasher. The first four ADF personnel were deployed on 14 August 2008 for six months. 

</doc>
<doc id="19168704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168704" title="MZ Aurigae">
MZ Aurigae

MZ Aurigae is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19168719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168719" title="USS West Avenal (ID-3871)">
USS West Avenal (ID-3871)

USS "West Avenal" (ID-3871) was a cargo ship in the United States Navy during World War I. She had been built as SS "West Avenal" for the United States Shipping Board (USSB) as part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States. "West Avenal" was launched in October 1918 by the Western Pipe and Steel Company of San Francisco, California, and delivered to the US Navy when she was completed in February 1919. After she was commissioned and had taken on a load of flour, "West Avenal" sailed to Norfolk, Virginia, where she was decommissioned in early April.
Though little is available regarding "West Avenal"s civilian career, she is known from contemporary news account to have visited ports in Spain, Italy, France, Brazil and Uruguay in the early 1920s. In January 1920, "West Avenal" was rammed by a British cargo ship in New York Harbor and was grounded to prevent her sinking. By late 1928, "West Avenal" had been abandoned by the USSB, and was scrapped in August 1929.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the United States Shipping Board (USSB) for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Avenal", one of some 15 "West" ships built by the Western Pipe and Steel Company of San Francisco, California.
"West Avenal" (Western Pipe and Steel No. 3) was launched on 13 October 1918, and delivered to the Navy upon completion on 1 February 1919. The ship was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. "West Avenal" had a steel hull and a deep hold. She displaced 12,200 t, and had a deadweight tonnage of .
In common with the first eight ships built by Western Pipe & Steel, "West Avenal" was powered by a single General Electric steam turbine rated at 2,500 shaft horsepower, that drove a single screw propeller, and moved the ship at a pace. These General Electric turbines proved unreliable and most of the ships powered by them were either lost or scrapped by the end of the 1920s. Later vessels of the same type built by WPS for the USSB were powered by much more reliable Joshua Hendy triple expansion steam engines, and had considerably longer service lives.
Career.
USS "West Avenal" (ID-3871) was commissioned into the Navy on 1 February with Lieutenant Commander Franz Patterson, USNRF, in command. "West Avenal" took on an initial load of flour and departed San Francisco on 17 April for New York. She soon developed a steering gear problem and put in at San Diego for repairs. After getting underway again, she transited the Panama Canal and, cutting short her journey, arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, on 4 April. There she was decommissioned the next day and returned to the USSB.
"West Avenal" departed Norfolk on a voyage to Leith, Scotland on 9 April 1919, but was forced to return to port after suffering an engine breakdown. Following repairs, she made several voyages between the East Coast of the United States and various destinations in South America, Spain, France and England. A few mentions of the ship crop up in contemporary news accounts. In August 1919, for example, "The New York Times" shows "West Avenal" slated for departure to Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 12 August. The following January, the newspaper reported that "West Avenal" was rammed by the British Leyland Line cargo ship "Lacastrian". Departing New York in a dense fog on the morning of 9 January 1920 for Antwerp, "Lacastrian" rammed into the port side of "West Avenal", which was inbound with a load of onions from Valencia, Spain. The damage was severe enough that "West Avenal"s captain ordered her grounded to avoid sinking in New York Harbor. More than two weeks later, "The Washington Post" printed a photograph of "West Avenal", still grounded off the Red Hook flats. Another report in the "Times" a year later showed her arrival in Saint-Nazaire, France, on 13 August 1920.
In January 1921, "The Atlanta Constitution" ran a travelogue of a local man who had sailed on "West Avenal" to South America in August 1919. During his travels, "West Avenal" had departed the US on 27 August and called at Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands; Rio de Janeiro (where the ship arrived on 24 September) Santos in Brazil; and Montevideo, Uruguay. Another report in "The New York Times" the following year listed "West Avenal"s arrival in Genoa, Italy, on 19 January 1921.
"West Avenal" underwent further repairs in 1921, after which she was laid up by the USSB in the Staten Island Reserve Fleet 3 Section 1. The vessel was delivered at New York to the Union Shipbuilding Company of Baltimore, Maryland for scrapping on 29 August 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19168724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168724" title="Sam Wood (footballer)">
Sam Wood (footballer)

Samuel James Wood (born 9 August 1986 in Sidcup, London) is an English professional footballer currently playing for Wycombe Wanderers. Wood is a left-sided and right-sided player who can play either at full back or on the wing.
Playing career.
Early career.
Sam Wood started playing football for Long Lane before joining Cray Wanderers. He progressed through the ranks at the club before joining the reserve team in 2002 and eventually making his first team debut in 2003. During his time at Cray, he became a fans' favourite, helping the club to the quarter-final of the FA Vase and promotion to the Isthmian League, each for the first time in the club's history, in the 2003–04 season, and scoring Cray supporters' goal of the season to clinch a 2–0 victory against AFC Wimbledon to end their 78-game unbeaten run. He finished his Cray career with 8 goals from 94 games, and then signed for Bromley, the club whose ground Cray shared, in 2005.
At Bromley, Wood won the Supporters' Player of the Year award in 2006 and the Club Player of the Year in 2007, and scored 21 goals from 159 appearances. His performances attracted interest from professional clubs, and after trials with clubs including Gillingham, Charlton Athletic and Wolverhampton Wanderers, Wood joined League Two club Brentford in May 2008.
Brentford (2008–2012).
After impressing in pre-season, Wood made his Football League debut for Brentford against Bury, but picked up an injury in their 1–0 loss which kept him out for a few weeks. He proved his fitness by playing the full 90 minutes – and scoring – in a practice game, and returned to the first team as a substitute in the 1–1 draw with Lincoln City. He scored his first goal for the club on 28 December against Exeter City, and played regularly for the first team, helping the Bees to the 2008–09 League Two title, as well as scooping several individual awards including the supporters' Player of the Season.
In his second season, Wood lost his place on the left wing due to the form of Myles Weston, but was a regular in the team, either playing on the right wing or at left-back in place of the injury-prone Ryan Dickson.
Wood spend the majority of the 2011–12 season on loan at Rotherham United, making 26 appearances and scoring one goal. At the end of the season he was released by Brentford.
Wycombe Wanderers (2012–).
In July 2012 Wood signed a two-year deal with Wycombe Wanderers, after interest from AFC Wimbledon. He scored a 35-yard volley on his debut.

</doc>
<doc id="19168758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168758" title="Waivers (American football)">
Waivers (American football)

Waivers is a National Football League labor management procedure by which a team makes an American football player contract or NFL rights (such as NFL draft rights to an unsigned player) available to all other teams. During the season (starting July 4 and lasting through the regular season), each team has 24 hours to file a claim for a player that another team has made available through the system or waive the right to do so. During the off season each team has several days to file such claims. Claiming teams are assigned the rights to or contracts via a priority system based on inverse order of record. Players that pass through waivers unclaimed become free agents. Waiver claims are irrevocable.
, according to the NFL collective bargaining agreement, if any waiver of a veteran player who has completed the season that gives him four years of service occurs between February 1 and the trading deadline in mid October, then that player shall be considered an unrestricted free agent by termination of his contract.
NFL clubs are prohibited from contacting waived players until the player has been released by the club after passing waivers.
, at the conclusion of a season in which a veteran with four years of service is claimed via waivers, veterans with a no-trade clause in their contracts may declare himself a free agent. Any other veteran with four years of service can declare himself a free agent at the conclusion of the season subsequent to the season in which they were claimed on waivers if they remain under a claimed contract. 
A player who clears waivers and becomes a free agent is free to negotiate and sign a contract with any NFL Club, and any NFL Club is free to negotiate and sign a contract with such player. There is no penalty or restriction for signing a free agent who has cleared waivers. For example, Draft Choice Compensation between Clubs or First Refusal Rights of any kind, and signing period restrictions are not applicable.

</doc>
<doc id="19168803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168803" title="Stories of Brothers, Tales of Lovers">
Stories of Brothers, Tales of Lovers

Stories Of Brothers, Tales Of Lovers is Bend Sinister's second album which was released October 21, 2008. This album could be classified as a follow-up concept album to their self-titled EP. The first single, "The Same Things" was released on September 16, 2008.The album was produced, and mixed by Vancouver's Shawn F. Cole, co-owner of FaderMaster studios.
The album takes you on a roller coaster ride through the stories of brothers and lovers; hence the album name. The album is split into two halves: first half consisting of Stories of Brothers and the second half focusing on Tales of Lovers.

</doc>
<doc id="19168805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168805" title="Machtey Award">
Machtey Award

The Machtey Award
is awarded at the annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS) to that author(s) of the best student paper(s). A paper qualifies as a student paper if all authors are full-time students at the date of the submission. The award decision is made by the Program Committee.
The award is named after Michael Machtey, who was a researcher in the theoretical computer science community in the 1970s. The counterpart of this award at the ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC) is the Danny Lewin Best Student Paper Award.
Past recipients.
Past recipients of the Machtey award are tabulated below.
See also.
Kleene award

</doc>
<doc id="19168818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168818" title="Freedom of speech (disambiguation)">
Freedom of speech (disambiguation)

Freedom of speech is the freedom to speak without censorship or limitation.
Freedom of Speech may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19168847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168847" title="2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Group Stage">
2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Group Stage

The CONCACAF Champions League 2008–09 Group Stage took place between 16 September 2008 and 26 November 2008.
Tie-breaking criteria.
If two teams are tied on points, the following tie-breaking criteria shall be applied, in order, to determine the ranking of teams:
Groups.
"All times local"

</doc>
<doc id="19168850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168850" title="Battle of Tecoac">
Battle of Tecoac

The Battle of Tecoac () was a battle that was fought at Tecoac (municipality of Huamantla) in the Mexican state of Tlaxcala on November 16, 1876, between the forces of Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada, then President of Mexico, and those of Porfirio Díaz. The battle was a victory for Díaz, who subsequently assumed the presidency himself; Lerdo went into exile in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19168855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168855" title="Hitchcock Park">
Hitchcock Park

Hitchcock Park is a public park located at 4220 "Q" Street in South Omaha, Nebraska. The park is regarded as a "popular South Omaha spot," along with the Henry Doorly Zoo and Rosenblatt Stadium. Due to a settlement between the U.S. Government and the City of Omaha, the park is subject to all enforcements of the Americans with Disabilities Act. The park is the location of one of three 50-meter pools in Omaha. It has also been identified as one of the many parks in Omaha poisoned with lead by the former ASARCO smelter in Downtown Omaha.
History.
In 1946 Omaha's Parks and Recreation Commission purchased of land, and spent over $91,000 of bond money to develop the park over the next 10 years. Early features included a softball and baseball diamonds, as well as a lagoon for skating. In 1956 Hitchcock Park was named for former Senator and founder of the "Omaha World-Herald", Gilbert M. Hitchcock.
A major renovation of Hitchcock Park happened in 1999 and 2000. A lagoon renovation, parking improvements, a new playground, a new picnic shelter, and expanded walking paths were among the improvements. Hitchcock has been known for many vandalism, drug trafficking, and assault crimes. "Hitchcock Kids" refers to a group of adolescents that run around and terrorize the park with litter, drugs, and alcohol. They have made the park almost scarce to the other community making it seem to be located in the "ghetto".
Motto McLean Ice Arena.
The McLean Ice Arena is a multi-purpose facility located in Hitchcock Park that is open to the public and operates throughout the year. The Arena is named after E.H. Motto McLean, who is cited as the founder of youth hockey in Omaha. The arena includes a standard ice rink, a state-of-the-art lighting and ceiling system, four locker rooms and a lobby area. There is also a seated viewing area, a meeting room, a full-service concession and bleacher seating for 800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19168866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168866" title="Dariush Talai">
Dariush Talai

Dariush Talai plays both the Tar and Setar.
Born in 1953 in Iran, he studied Persian music with masters of the Radif. His teachers include Tar player Ali Akbar Shahnazi, Nur Ali Borumand with whom he studied radif and old compositions, as well as youssef Forutan and Abdollah Davami, with whom he studied Setar and vocal techniques and repertories.
Master Talai taught at the University of Tehran, University of Sorbonne-Paris, University of Washington-Seatlle and was awarded a number of major prizes for his contribution to Persian Art Music. His collaboration with artists such as Maurice Béjart, Carolyn Carlson, Michel Portal.
Recordings.
SideA : Improvisation in Shur - SideB : Improvisation in Mahour
(D. Talai, Tar / D.Chemirani, Zarb).
Cassette n°1 :
SideA Improvisation in Mahour (D.Talai, Tar / D.Chemirani, Zarb).
FaceB Improvisation in Shur (D.Talai, Setar / D.Chemirani, Zarb).
Cassette n°2 :
SideA Improvisation in Tchahargagh (D.Talai, Tar / D.Chemirani, Zarb).
SideB Improvisation (D.Chemirani, Zarb), Tchaharmezrab Darvish khan (D.Talai, Setar / D.Chemirani, Zarb).
SideA Improvisation in Nava, and (SideB) Modulation in Shur (D.Talai, Tar / D.Chemirani, Zarb).
SideB Improvisation in Mahour (D.Talai, Setar / M.Gavihelm, Zarb).
Vol.1
Band 1 Improvisation in Avaz-e Bayat-e Esfahan (D.Talai, Tar).
Band 2 Improvisation in Tchahargah (D.Talai, Setar).
Vol3
Bands 1 to 4 Avaz-e Afshari - Bands 5 to end Dastgah-e Mahour
(Shahram Nazeri, Vocal / D.Talai, Setar / B.Kamkar, Zarb and Daf).
In Shur, Bayet-e Esfahan and Segah (D.Talai, Setar).
In Afshari and Mahour (D.Talai, Setar / Sh.Nazeri, Singer).
1901031), France.
The CD edition of the Record Ref.Harmonia Mundi No. 1031, listed above : Improvisation in Shur - Improvisation in Mahour (D. Talai, Tar / D.Chemirani, Zarb).
Vol 1 Dastgah-e Shur, Avaz-e Bayat-e Kord
Vol 2 Avaz-e Dashti, Avaz-e Bayat-e Esfahan, Dastgah-e Homayoun
Vol 3 Dastgah-e Nava, Dastgah-e Segah, Avaz-e Afshari
Vol 4 Dastgah-e Mahour, Avaz-e Bayat-e Tork
Vol 5 Dastgah-e Tchahargah, Dastgah-e Rast-Panjgah
In Nava (D.Talai, Tar).
In Tchahargah (D.Talai, Setar).
1-Sâyé roshan (in Dashti) 2-Hekâyat1 (in Abou ata) 3-Yorghé (in Abou ata) 4-Naghmé (in Abou ata) 5-Hekâyat2 (in
Neyshabourak and Nava) 6-Jamal (in Khojaste) 7-Khâb (in Forud bé Nava) 8-Aqiq (in Nava) 9-Elam (in Nava) 10-Sahari (in Nava) 11-Lâbé (in Nava) 12-Koubé (in Nahoft and Neyshabourak) 13-Anjâm (in Forud bé Nava) 14-Shâdegâni.
Dariush Talai, Tar - Ali Reza Ghorbani, Vocal - Djamchid Chemirani, Zarb
Abou'Ata : 1-Pishdaramad 2-Daramad 3-Hejaz 4-Tasnif. Nasimeh sahar 5-Bayate Kord 6-Tasnif. Bahare delkash.
Homayun : 1-Pishdaramad 2-Daramad 3-Chakavak 4-Bidad 5-Oj 6-Razavi 7-Tasnif. Jelve ye gol.
Dariush Talai, Tar and Setar
1-Dastgâh Mâhur 2-Dastgâh Navâ 3-Âvaz Esfehân 4-Dastgâh Shur 5-Dastgâh Segâh
References.
su

</doc>
<doc id="19168873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168873" title="Sarai Khas">
Sarai Khas

Sarai-Khas (affectionately known as "Biby Pind" and "Sarawa") is a village in Jalandhar, Punjab. The small village has a population of around 7,000 people, many of whom are farmers. The village is situated 7 miles from Jalandhar, 2 miles from Kartarpur, ½ mile south of GT Road.
Climate.
Has a humid subtropical climate with cool winters and hot summers. Summers last from April to June and winters from November to February. The climate is dry on the whole, except during the brief southwest monsoon season during July and August. The average annual rainfall is about 70 cm.
History.
This Village was started by Atto Jatt Sarai (About 300+ years ago) and he had four sons named Uttam (Billa), Ram Ditta (Chela), Bura (Bura) & Bhagari (Bhagari) now the village was also divided in four Parts Billa, Bura,Bhagari & Chela.
The First Name of this village was Sarawan but due to similarity of names and to avoid the confusion among names this village was renamed as Sarai Khas from Sarawan after Indo-Pak Partition. It has a population Of More than 7000 which contains mostly farmers.and many families living outside India.
Communities.
The families Bains, Sandhu, Nagra, Malhi, Sanghera are ‘settlers’ in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19168878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168878" title="Upland Park">
Upland Park

Upland Park is a public park located at 3014 Jefferson Street in South Omaha, Nebraska. The park and surrounding neighborhood were opened in 1913.
Upland Park has two tennis courts, two soccer fields, walking paths, and a small playground at the park, along with a "sprayground," which is a small water park. The sprayground replaced a swimming pool located at the park for several decades during a park-wide renovation in 1999. The spraygrounds are attributed in the 412 percent increase in park attendance in the year following its opening, drawing 7,500 additional users to the park annually. The park has been an important location for low-income and immigrant youth to play soccer, and according to the "Omaha World-Herald", it was integral to the Omaha South High School's soccer team's success.
Because of its proximity to the former ASARCO site in Omaha, the park has been identified as being contaminated with lead.

</doc>
<doc id="19168883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168883" title="Michał Globisz">
Michał Globisz

Michał Globisz (born on 11 December 1946 in Poznań) is a Polish football player and coach, since 1982 he has been part of the PZPN serving as a youth coach, winning the silver medal at the U-16 European Championship in 1999 and winning a gold medal in the U-18 European Championship in 2001.
Education.
From 1964–1969 Globisz studied at the University of Gdańsk in Sopot. In 1978, he finished with a football license from the Akademia Wychowania Fizycznego Józefa Piłsudskiego in Warsaw. He has a class 1 degree.
Player career.
He lived in Poznań until he was 10 years old. After moving to Wrocław, he played for his first football club Śląsk Wrocław. He then moved again in 1961 to Gdańsk where he played for the Lechia Gdańsk and Arka Gdynia youth teams. In college he played for AZS WSE Sopot.
Coaching career.
In 1974, he agreed to join as a youth coach Lechia Gdańsk. In 1981, Globisz managed to finish in 3rd place in the Polish Championship. In July of the same year, he received his first job as a head coach with Lechia Gdańsk. During the 1981-1982 season, Lechia played in the 2nd division of the Polish League. In March 1982, he moved back to his position as a youth coach. He again was the manager from September 1984 to December 1984 where he managed Lechia in the First Division of the 1984-1985 season. After his dismissal, he agreed to become the assistant manager to Wojciech Łazarek. His last season as a staff member of Lechia Gdańsk was in the fall of the 1985-1986 season.
He began his work as the coach of the Polish Youth National Teams in March 1996. In October 1998, he managed to qualify to the U-16 European Championship. In the April 1999 tournament in the Czech Republic, Globisz led the team to the finals eliminating the Russia, Croatia, Portugal and the host nation Czech Republic. However, the Spanish team won the final 4:1. On November 1999 Globisz managed to qualify the team for the 1999 U-17 World Cup in New Zealand. However, the team did not qualify out of the group.
In the 2000-2001 season, Globisz managed to qualify for the 2001 U-18 European Championship by eliminating the England in the 2nd qualifying round. The tournament began in July 2001 in Finland. The Poles topped their group beating Spain, Belgium and Denmark and advanced to the final. Poland beat the Czech Republic 3:1 to win the Golden Medal.
Globisz notably coached players such as Tomasz Kuszczak, Paweł Golański, Sebastian Mila, Rafał Grzelak, Łukasz Madej, Wojciech Łobodziński, Radosław Matusiak as well as brothers Paweł Brożek and Piotr Brożek.
Globisz replaced Andrzej Sikorski as the new coach of the players born around 1987 in January 2002. He was unsuccessful in qualifying for the U-17 European Championship in 2004. Poland automatically qualified for the U-19 European Championship in 2006 since they were the host nation. The Poles finished in 3rd place in the group and qualified for the 2007 U-20 World Cup in Canada.
The World Cup took place in July 2007 with Poland beating Brazil 1-0. They lost to the USA and then managed to draw against South Korea. Poland qualified for the next round and was matched against the eventual winners Argentina. They lost the match 3-1, with Dawid Janczyk scoring the only Polish goal.
Since 2006, Michał Globisz is the national youth team coach for players born in 1990. In 2007, the team were eliminated in the 2nd Qualifying Phase of the U-17 European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19168885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168885" title="Live at the Bayside Social Club">
Live at the Bayside Social Club

Live at the Bayside Social Club is a live album by punk rock band Bayside, which was released on September 30, 2008, the same day as their fourth studio album "Shudder". The album was recorded at S.I.R. Studio in New York at a free show which was played for Bayside Social Club members. The album features songs from Bayside's first three studio albums: "Sirens and Condolences," their self-titled album, and "The Walking Wounded".

</doc>
<doc id="19168941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168941" title="Rochdale Crossing">
Rochdale Crossing

Rochdale Crossing is a shopping centre located in the northwest corner of Regina, Saskatchewan, located at the corner of Rochdale & McCarthy Boulevards across from Michael A. Riffel High School. It was formerly an enclosed shopping mall called the Sherwood Village Mall until it was redeveloped into a complex of large standalone stores. The former mall was operated by the Sherwood Co-op prior to 2008, when it was sold to Avison Young.
Major tenants.
In 2006, the YMCA opened up a facility in the standalone building that once held a SAAN store, giving residents of northwest Regina a recreational facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19168959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168959" title="V420 Aurigae">
V420 Aurigae

V420 Aurigae is a high-mass, X-ray binary star.

</doc>
<doc id="19168981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19168981" title="Saitama Prefectural Urawa Nishi High School">
Saitama Prefectural Urawa Nishi High School

, often shortened to is a public high school, located in Saitama City, Saitama Prefecture, in Japan. It is one of the few public schools in the prefecture that does not have a school uniform.
Until the 1970s, the school enjoyed prestigious position after Urawa High School and Urawa Ichijo High School. During the 80s and 90s, it was known as one of the best public schools and sent its alumni to best colleges in Japan including Tokyo University. Many applicants to the school are attracted by the no school uniform policy and by the liberal atmosphere that encourages students' independence.
Location.
The school is located in Urawa-ku, Saitama City and situated in a quiet residential area behind the idyllic scene of Minuma. The closest train station, JR Yono Station, is within walking distance: 20 minutes (1.7 kilometers).
History.
In 1934, Urawanishi High School was founded as a female school called . The school changed its name to in 1948. In 1950, Educational Reform abolished the prior policy and restarted the school as a coed institution with the current school name, Urawanishi High School. During this period, the institution was located at the western part of Urawa-ku (former Urawa City). In 1956, the school moved to its current site. This resulted in the inconsistency that the school name, which literally means Urawa Western High School, does not signify the school location.
Extracurricular activities.
Urawanishi's 22 varsity athletic teams and 23 other clubs offer a wide range of opportunities for extracurricular activities. In the past, the school was known for its Soccer Team, which won the national title twice in 1956 and 1965. In recent years, Japanese Archery Team and Basketball Team have won many titles at the prefectural and regional levels.

</doc>
<doc id="19169005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169005" title="D15">
D15

D15 or D.15 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19169021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169021" title="Nicholas Attygalle">
Nicholas Attygalle

Sir Nicholas Attygalle, KBE, FRCS, FRCOG (July 14, 1894 – March 27, 1970) was a Ceylonese academic, surgeon and a Senator. He was the President of the Senate of Ceylon from 1953 to 1960 and the first Ceylonese Vice Chancellor of the University of Ceylon, where he was known as the "Iron Vice Chancellor".
Early life and education.
He was born on July 14, 1894, the fifth in a family of eleven (nine sons and two daughters). His father, Don Louis Attygalle was a Shroff and later Mudaliyer at the Ratnapura Kachcheri, he died when he was seventeen.
Sir Nicholas received his primary education at St. Luke’s School in Ratnapura and his secondary education at Royal College Colombo before entering the Ceylon Medical College where he passed LMS in 1919, being first in the batch and obtaining a first class in the Final Examination. He was awarded the Vanderstraten Gold Medal for Pathology. After graduating he joined the Ceylon Medical Service.
In 1925 Attygalle left for Britain for further studies and returned in 1929 with his MRCS, LRCP (London), DLO (London) and FRCS (England).
Career.
Having joined the Ceylon Medical Service after graduating he served as a field doctor until he left for Britain. On his return he was denied a post of ENT surgeon and instead was sent as DMO Nawalapitiya where there were no facilities for any surgery.
In 1931 he took up the post of demonstrator in anatomy in spite having his FRCS (England). Again this may have been the only occasion where a qualified Surgeon with an FRCS was appointed demonstrator in anatomy. Thereafter he served as Surgical Registrar, General Hospital (1932) and Senior Clinical Tutor (1933) before he was select to be trained as the Gynaecologist of the General Hospital, by the then Director, Health Services, Dr. Rupert Briercliffe. Attygalle was the first Ceylonese to obtain MRCOG (Gr Britain) after which he spent time in Vienna to follow a course in Gynaecological Pathology and Physiology where he also studied operative techniques in Gynecology. Soon after he was enrolled as a member of the Austrian Medical Association and succeeded Dr. Lucian De Zilva as the Gynecologist of the General Hospital in 1935. The ward 9 which he headed remains the University Gynaecology Ward (ward 39) at present. He was a close associate of Lord Webb-Johnson and Dr Samson Wright.
In 1944 he was appointed Professor and Head of the Obstetrics and Gynaecology department and was the first to practice both Obstetrics and Gynaecology and in 1945 he became Dean of the Medical faculty of the University of Ceylon. Holding the post until 1953, Departments of Bacteriology, Biochemistry, Paediatrics, Parasitology and Pharmacology were established in the Colombo Medical Faculty and postgraduate examinations in Medicine (MD, MS and MOG) also commenced during this period.
In 1952 he was appointed to the Senate, the Upper House of Parliament and was made its president in 1953 and knighted for his services to the country. In 1954 he became the first Ceylonese Vice Chancellor of University of Ceylon, succeeding Sir Ivor Jennings, a post he head till his retirement in 1967. From 1964 to 1969 he was the president of the Ceylon Medical Council. Attygalle served as President of the Sri Lanka Medical Association and Chairman of the National Science Council. He was one of the founders of the Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning, Member of the Council of the Association of Commonwealth Universities and President of the Inter University Board of India and Sri Lanka.
He was also the President of the Buddhist Theosophical Society succeeding S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike, Vice President of the Royal College Union, Chairman Board of Trustees of Ananda College and was President of the Vidyalankara Sabha.
Family.
Nicholas Attygalle and Conita Attygalle in 1925 who was the granddaughter of John Attygalle, one of the first doctors qualified in western medicine. They had a son, Dr. Lakshman Attygalle, FRCS, and a daughter, Anjula Wijesinghe.

</doc>
<doc id="19169029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169029" title="Les Gibbard">
Les Gibbard

Les Gibbard (26 October 1945 – 10 October 2010) was a New Zealand born British political cartoonist, journalist, illustrator and animator. As a political cartoonist at "The Guardian" newspaper for 25 years, Gibbard became the longest-serving artist of his type in the publication’s history. In addition to his contributions to the Guardian, Gibbard’s work also featured in the "Daily Mirror", the "Daily Sketch", "The Daily Telegraph", "The Sunday Mirror", "The London Evening Standard", "Time Out" and "Melody Maker".
Early life.
Gibbard was born in Kaiapoi, New Zealand; he grew up in New Zealand and learnt his trade under the tutelage of Gordon Minhinnick (himself influenced by David Low), a former political cartoonist with the "New Zealand Herald". After working for a number of New Zealand and Australian publications during the 1960s, Gibbard moved to London and was initially employed by "The Daily Telegraph" before joining "The Guardian" in 1969, replacing Bill Papas. At the time he joined, Gibbard was the youngest cartoonist in the paper’s history at 23.
"The Guardian" (1969–1994).
While working at "The Guardian", Gibbard produced a number of striking cartoons and courted controversy during the Falklands War with a re-working of a Philip Zec cartoon "The price of petrol" which previously caused uproar during World War II. Responding to the sinking of the "Belgrano", on 6 May 1982 the newspaper ran Gibbard's version of the cartoon, re-captioned with the line: "The price of sovereignty has increased - official". 
Gibbard later stated: "I was unaware of the furore caused by it until I returned home later the following day to barrage of phone calls asking me how I proposed responding to being called a traitor." The cartoon was raised in the House of Commons and was cited as evidence, by the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher that the British media did not support military action, and rival newspaper "The Sun" also accused Gibbard and "The Guardian" of treason: "What is it but treason for "The Guardian" to print a cartoon, showing a British seaman clinging to a raft... isn't that exactly calculated to weaken Britain's resolve at a time when lives have been lost, whatever the justice of her cause?" The criticism in turn led to "The Sun"’s leader-writer being ejected from the National Union of Journalists for “unfraternal behaviour”.
Later life and death.
Gibbard worked as an animator and produced his own animated political cartoon series "Newshound" for Granada television. He also provided illustrations for the popular New Zealand social commentary book, "The Half Gallon Quarter Acre Pavlova Paradise". Gibbard drew political cartoons for Channel 4's "A Week in Politics" and for BBC’s "Newsnight" and he produced weekly cartoons for political comment show "On the Record" between 1988 and 1995. He has also contributed to a number of international animated features including "The Super Globetrotters", "Under Milk Wood" and "Ivor the Invisible".
He died on 10 October 2010 of a pulmonary embolism following a routine operation for knee replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="19169045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169045" title="Pakkam">
Pakkam

Pakkam is a village in Thiruvallur District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is situated around 34 km from Chennai. Pakkam comes under Chennai Metropolitan Area and it is very close to Thirunindravur which has frequent train servises.
Pakkam is an agricultural village with a lot of temples in Pakkam including Anjaneyar Temple, Sri Ellaiamman Temple, Vinayagar Temple, Sivan Temple and Perumal Temple.
Transport.
Buses serving Pakkam:

</doc>
<doc id="19169086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169086" title="Operation Kiribati Assist">
Operation Kiribati Assist

Operation Kiribati Assist is the Australian Defence Force's (ADF) contribution to a request from the Government of Kiribati to assist in the disposal of World War II unexploded ordnance (UXO) from locations throughout Kiribati.
The Kiribati islands were occupied by the Japanese during World War II. Most of the UXO encountered in Kiribati are remnants from this conflict. They include military ordnance such as artillery projectiles, aerial bombs, rockets, mortars and mines. 
An ADF Joint Task Force (JTF) was raised known as JTF 637, and was deployed to Kiribati over the period 7–26 August 2008. JTF 637 comprises approximately 22 personnel, including a Command Group, a Royal Australian Navy Clearance Diving Team to handle underwater UXO, Army and RAAF Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) teams who will handle land-based UXO, including air-delivered items and a Medical Team. 
Role.
JTF 637 disposed of UXO identified during a 2007 reconnaissance of the islands and scope any future UXO disposal requirements and (EOD) training opportunities for the Kiribati Police Service during their deployment. 

</doc>
<doc id="19169116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169116" title="2006–07 Charlotte Bobcats season">
2006–07 Charlotte Bobcats season

The 2006–07 Charlotte Bobcats season was the 3rd season for the Charlotte Bobcats in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Regular season.
Game log.
<noinclude>
Awards and records.
NBA All-Rookie Second Team

</doc>
<doc id="19169118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169118" title="La vida por Perón">
La vida por Perón

La vida por Perón (My Life for Perón) is a 2005 Argentine film directed by Sergio Bellotti and starring Belén Blanco, Cristina Banegas, Esteban Lamothe, Luis Ziembrowski, Oscar Alegre, and Jean Pierre Reguerraz.
Plot.
In the political chaos of Argentina during the final days of Juan Domingo Perón's presidency, a gang of political operatives arrives at the house of Cosme (Reguerraz), a member of the Peronist Youth. Cosme's father has just died of a heart attack and the family is holding a vigil. The gang reveals that Perón has died, news that has not yet reached the public. Their leader, Aldo (Alegre) slowly works on building up Cosme's political fervor, before demanding a favor: they want to swap Perón's body, which they have stolen, with the body of Cosme's father. The idea is to make sure the military authorities never learn about the theft, and to keep Perón's body for themselves as a shrine. Their scheme unravels when Cosme eventually collects the courage to refuse to participate, and the gang is then busted by the police, with Aldo and the rest perishing in a gunfight.
Similar themes were addressed in the novel "Santa Evita" by Tomás Eloy Martínez, in which an Army officer is entrusted with the stolen body of Evita Perón, ordered to keep it hidden in order to prevent its becoming a shrine to the Peronist movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19169124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169124" title="2005–06 Charlotte Bobcats season">
2005–06 Charlotte Bobcats season

The 2005–06 Charlotte Bobcats season was the 2nd season for the Charlotte Bobcats in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Bobcats moved from the Charlotte Coliseum to the Charlotte Bobcats Arena.
Awards and records.
NBA All-Rookie Second Team

</doc>
<doc id="19169126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169126" title="2004–05 Charlotte Bobcats season">
2004–05 Charlotte Bobcats season

The 2004–05 Charlotte Bobcats season was the inaugural season for the Charlotte Bobcats in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The NBA returned to Charlotte for the first time since 2002 when the Charlotte Hornets relocated to New Orleans to become the New Orleans Hornets.
Awards and records.
Rookie of the Year
NBA All-Rookie First Team

</doc>
<doc id="19169151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169151" title="Korpralskap">
Korpralskap

Korpralskap is a Swedish/Finnish military unit of 25 men split into four rote with six man each that existed during the 17th and 18th century—quite similar to a platoon today. The unit was led by a Korpral and in turn consisted of four rotes of six men each. Each rote was led by a rotemaster. 
A foot (infantry) company consisted of two piker and four musketeer korpralskaps.
Formation.
During marching the unit was formed into four columns with the Korpral at the right side of the front. Rotemasters marched in front of each rote and communicated with the Korpral. 

</doc>
<doc id="19169157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169157" title="UNCAF Nations Cup 2007 squads">
UNCAF Nations Cup 2007 squads

Below are the rosters for the UNCAF Nations Cup 2007 tournament in El Salvador, from February 8 to 18, 2007.
Group A.
Head coach: Carlos de los Cobos
Head coach: Hernán Darío Gómez
Head coach: TBA
Head coach: Carlos de Toro
Group B.
Head coach: Hernán Medford
Head coach: José de la Paz Herrera

Head coach: Alexandre Guimarães

</doc>
<doc id="19169193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169193" title="William Penny">
William Penny

William Penny (1809 - Aberdeen 1892) was a Scottish captain. He undertook the first maritime search for the ships of Sir John Franklin. In 1840 Penny established the first whaling station in the Cumberland Sound area on Kekerten Island, today Kekerten Territorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19169214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169214" title="Peak fossil fuel">
Peak fossil fuel

Peak fossil fuel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19169215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169215" title="Dissent aversion">
Dissent aversion

Dissent aversion is the judicial phenomenon that implies that judges do not like dissenting opinions nor do they like to dissent themselves. A common example is as follows: On a panel of three judges, only one feels strongly about the decision. One of the two remaining may side with the first judge, leaving the third judge with the option of dissenting on an issue they do not feel strongly about or siding with the majority.
Judges dislike dissent for many reasons. Dissent aversion can come from these sources:
Dissent is more frequent in US federal courts of appeals where the number of judges is higher. According to some research, this is because the larger the court, the less frequently judges must work with each other and accordingly have less incentive to extend courtesy and favors.

</doc>
<doc id="19169224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169224" title="Lookout for Hope (Bill Frisell album)">
Lookout for Hope (Bill Frisell album)

Lookout for Hope is the third album by Bill Frisell to be released on the ECM label. It was released in 1988 and features performances by Frisell, Hank Roberts, Kermit Driscoll, and Joey Baron.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars stating "With Lookout for Hope, Bill Frisell is not so much setting trends and fashion as he is establishing a fresh sound, utterly unique from all others, and laying a foundation for many things to come".

</doc>
<doc id="19169247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169247" title="Operation Azure">
Operation Azure

Operation Azure is the name given to the Australian Defence Force's contribution to the United Nations Mission in Sudan (UNMIS). 
The United Nations Mission in the Sudan (UNMIS) was established by the United Nations under UN Security Council Resolution 1590 of the UN Security Council on 24 March 2005, in response to the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement between the government of the Sudan and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement on 9 January 2005 in Nairobi, Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="19169248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169248" title="Borzya River">
Borzya River

Borzya () is a river in Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia. It is a right tributary of the Onon River (in Amur's basin). It is 304 km long, with a drainage basin of 7080 km². 
The Borzya has its sources in the Kukulbey Mountains. It flows through a wide, swampy valley in a steppe landscape. The river's waters comes mainly from rain, and there are periodic flooding in the summer. The river sometimes dries up completely. The average discharge is 2,8 m³/sek.
The town of Borzya lies along the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19169257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169257" title="Peter Watson (photographer)">
Peter Watson (photographer)

Peter Watson (born 1952) is a British photographer best known for his large format landscapes of rural Britain.
Background.
Born in Wallasey, England in February 1952 Watson’s photographic career started in his teenage years when he photographed and produced his own black & white prints in an improvised darkroom. They were sold in a local gallery and this early success encouraged him to pursue a career as a photographer. He studied art and graphic design and in 1993 obtained a diploma in photography from the New York Institute of Photography. Watson specialises in landscape and available light photography using large format Fujifilm with a 5x4 view camera.
Before becoming a full time professional landscape photographer Watson worked in advertising and commercial photography. He now teaches lectures and is a photography instructor with VSP workshops He is the author of several practical photography books and his work has featured in many publications including BBC's Radio Times magazine, Cheshire Life and Outdoor Photography. In 2008 Watson was chosen as a contributor to the publication "Icons of England", produced by The Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE). He also runs a photo agency and picture library specialising in images of rural Britain [http://www.britishlandscapes.org

</doc>
<doc id="19169308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169308" title="Joel Turner and the Modern Day Poets with the Beatbox Alliance">
Joel Turner and the Modern Day Poets with the Beatbox Alliance

Joel Turner and the Modern Day Poets with the Beatbox Alliance is a DVD released by Australian hip hop musician Joel Turner. It was Turner's first DVD release and contains live performances. The packaging also holds a copy of Turner's debut album "Joel Turner and the Modern Day Poets".
The main feature of the DVD is a 50-minute documentary chronicling the national tour undertaken by Turner, the Modern Day Poets (MDP) and the Beatbox Alliance in early 2005. Scenes focus particularly on performances at the Melbourne International Music Festival, Newcastle University, the Byron Bay East Coast Blues and Roots Festival, and the West Coast Blues and Roots Festival, as well as the band’s attendance of the 2005 MTV Australia Video Music Awards in Sydney. Concert highlights are interspersed with behind-the-scenes footage filmed on the road and at various hotels, along with snippets from interviews with Turner, his then-manager Mark Holden, and members of MDP and the Beatbox Alliance. Some of the content from the documentary reappears in the music video for Turner’s third single “Funk U Up”, which was released in May 2005.
Additional items on the DVD include music videos for the four singles lifted from Turner’s debut album, and live versions of several songs and beatboxing solos filmed at the 2005 West Coast Blues and Roots Festival in Fremantle. The DVD is supplemented with bonus features such as artist profiles, a photo gallery, and commentary on the making of the first three music videos by director Amiel Courtin-Wilson. Also included is a “Secret Section” and “Beatbox Challenge”, in which the viewer must guess a password and successfully complete an observation test in order to gain access to hidden footage.

</doc>
<doc id="19169332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169332" title="Ian Abrams">
Ian Abrams

Ian Abrams is an American television writer and producer, and, with Pat Page and Vik Rubenfeld, co-creator of the CBS TV series "Early Edition", although he did not write any produced episodes of the series except the pilot and was only on the writing staff of the show during its first year. Other credits include "Undercover Blues" and "Rolling Thunder" (1996).
Since 1998, Abrams, who attended Duke University, has been Director of the Screenwriting and Playwriting in the Antoinette Westphal College of Media Arts and Design at Drexel University. He teaches courses in screenwriting, film comedy, and contemporary cinema, as well as courses in the Honors College on World War II comedy, nuclear-war film and fiction, and Sherlock Holmes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19169344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169344" title="Operation Tower">
Operation Tower

Operation Tower is the Australian Defence Force's (ADF) contribution to the United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor (UNMIT). 
UNMIT was established on 25 August 2006 by UN Security Council Resolution 1704. Its objectives are "to support the Government in consolidating stability, enhancing a culture of democratic governance, and facilitating political dialogue among Timorese stakeholders, in their efforts to bring about a process of national reconciliation and to foster social cohesion". Its current mandate will expire on 26 February 2008.
The ADF contributed four personnel to UNMIT: three ADF personnel who are deployed as military liaison officers in districts outside Dili and one officer with the Headquarters of UNMIT in Dili. 

</doc>
<doc id="19169351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169351" title="Dentally Disturbed">
Dentally Disturbed

Dentally Disturbed is an Australian short film written by Cameron Mitchell and directed by Craig Melville and Cameron Mitchell. It first aired on SBS in Australia on 24 December 2004.
Plot.
The film begins with Ed (Ben Anderson) shopping in the supermarket with his wife, Gina (Kate Gorman). Ed searches the shelves for dental floss, but can't find any. Both Gina and a supermarket employee seem to have never heard of it before: "You mean, toothpicks?" Ed asks his friends, his dentist, Google, and even the local radio station, all of them confused as to the origin of the product and as to why toothpicks would not suffice. Finally, Ed proposes the idea of dental floss to Oral-B. The CEO rejects it, saying "The wheel's already been invented, mate!" The CEO too, has never heard of it.
In desperation, Ed purchases some candles, which he begins to strip down in order to use the wax-covered string inside as dental floss. Gina, sensing his maddening fight with this problem, convinces Ed to move on. As she does this, however, she is searching frantically through her bag to find her tampons. Confused, Ed asks, "What the hell are tampons?"
Cast.
The film features only four main actors, who have all featured in their own television shows.
Ben Anderson and Damian Callinan are both regular characters on the Australian comedy skitHOUSE. John Safran, who portrays himself, featured on John Safran versus God, and Kate Gorman acted in You and Your Stupid Mate.
Critical acclaim.
The National Flossing Council: "Dentally Disturbed" is "a funny, thought provoking story"

</doc>
<doc id="19169355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169355" title="James Vincent Murphy">
James Vincent Murphy

James Vincent Murphy (7 July 1880 – 5 July 1946) was an Irish translator, writer, and journalist, who published one of the first complete English translations of "Mein Kampf" in 1939.
James Murphy attended St. Patrick's College. He was ordained a priest at St. Patrick's College Chapel in 1905. 
He left clerical service. Before the Second World War he lived for some time in Italy and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19169385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169385" title="Servitka Roma">
Servitka Roma

Servitka Roma (Ukrainian Серви, Russian Сэрвы) is a subgroup of Romani. They formed as a group in Ukraine, where their ancestors had come from Serbia. Servitka Roma are part of the Romani people in Ukraine and in Russia, where they are well integrated into general society. They are also the most numerous group of Ukrainian Roma. Servitka Romani dialect belongs to Ukrainian Group of Romani dialects as classified by L.N. Cherenkov. Most of Servitka Roma speak poor Romani and use many Ukrainian and Russian words.
Servitka Roma are Orthodox Christians. Their traditional occupations are smithing and fortune-telling. In the 19th century many young Servitka Roma also served in Cossack armies.
Presently, Servitka Roma are one of the best-educated Romani groups. They are known as excellent performers of Ruska Romani music and are often incorrectly considered to be Ruska Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="19169389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169389" title="140th Military Intelligence Battalion (United States)">
140th Military Intelligence Battalion (United States)

The 140th Military Intelligence Battalion (Combat Electronic Warfare Intelligence) (Heavy Division) of the United States Army Reserve was constituted on 16 July 1986, assigned to the 63rd Army Reserve Command ("Blood and Fire"), and activated with headquarters at the General George Smith Patton, Jr. United States Army Reserve Center, located at 5340 Bandini Boulevard in Bell, California. The battalion inactivated in 1995.
The battalion's full-time property book officer and supply sergeants were recognized as having the best-run unit supply operation of any battalion in the Army Reserve in both 1991 and 1992.
The 140th MI Battalion's activation was essentially simultaneous with the inactivation of the 309th Army Security Agency Battalion. The personnel and facilities of the 309th were initially transferred to the 140th at that time, although the lineage and insignia were not. Nine years later, the 140th was similarly inactivated essentially simultaneously with the activation of the 368th Military Intelligence Battalion, to whom the personnel and facilities were transferred without the lineage and insignia.
Location.
The 140th MI Battalion, its HHS, A, B and C Companies were stationed at the General George S. Patton, Jr. United States Army Reserve Center, located at 5340 Bandini Boulevard, in Bell, California. Patton USAR Center, the sprawling General Services Administration warehouse complex to the south, the U.S. Postal Service's processing center to the north and north-east, the National Guard armory to the west, and the adjacent commercial buildings to the east and immediate south, were constructed on what had been Chelly Air Force Station during World War II. In fiscal year 1991, the battalion's offices and motor pool removed from the facility's World War II–era temporary structures, into newly constructed buildings in the reserve centre; the same postal address was retained. The centre's wooden warehouse building, in which offices had been constructed, was razed, leaving only the cinderblock arms vault above the building's high slab. A new steel structure was built atop the slab, with essentially the same footprint as the original building.
The 307th and, subsequently, 651st Military Intelligence Companies were located north of the battalion, at the Captain Reginald B. Desiderio United States Army Reserve Center on Westminster Drive in Pasadena, California.
Organization.
Although assigned to the Army Reserve, the 140th Military intelligence Battalion was the organic military intelligence battalion of the 40th Infantry Division (Mechanized) of the California Army National Guard. The battalion's numerical designation followed U.S. Army custom of adding 100 to the supported infantry division's number; "see also": the 1st Infantry Division's former 101st Military Intelligence Battalion and the 4th Infantry Division's former 104th Military Intelligence Battalion; "cf": comparable battalions in armored divisions would have a number 500 greater than the division.
The battalion was composed of:
Training challenges.
As the 40th Infantry Division's primary wartime trace was to the Eighth United States Army and the defense of South Korea, the 140th Military Intelligence Battalion was configured to specialize in the Korean and Mandarin Chinese languages. Obtaining and retaining language-qualified reserve soldiers in Southern California proved difficult.
Modest gains were made with the Army Reserve's institution of the Military Intelligence Special Training Element (MISTE, pronounced "misty") program, in which military intelligence units, including the 140th, were assigned language-qualified, MOS-qualified reserve soldiers (primarily those with prior active duty service) residing hundreds or thousands of miles away. Given the distance to be traveled, the MISTE soldiers would fly in to drill only bi-monthly, usually at Regional Training Site – Intelligence (RTS-I) at Hamilton Army Airfield north of San Francisco, California. The MISTE soldiers participated in annual training with the rest of the battalion.
Maintaining technical skills was also a problem, as much of the equipment—such as direction-finding trucks, radio intercept trucks, radio jamming trucks, "inter alia"—was prohibitively expensive for the Army to provide just to have it sit in storage twenty-eight days or more per month. Because of likely damage to streets, the battalion's M113 armored personnel carriers, M577 tactical operations center vehicles and M578 recovery vehicles were stored at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton; the three-hour round trip negated monthly training on the tracked vehicles.
When Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990, the four-year-old battalion was neither adequately manned nor trained for mobilization. Even had the battalion been at full, qualified strength, proficiency in Korean and Mandarin would have been of little use in Southwest Asia. Several of the battalion's reserve soldiers, however, were individually cross-leveled into other units and mobilized for Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm in 1990–1991.
Mission.
Battalion.
The mission of the 140th Military Intelligence Battalion (CEWI) (HD) was to command, control, staff, plan, and supervise its organic and attached companies which provide direct support intelligence, electronic warfare, non-communications intercept & analysis, human intelligence, counterintelligence, and ground surveillance radar support ot the 40th Infantry Division. The battalion was organized with the intent of being able to:
HHS Company.
The Headquarters and Headquarters Services Company contained most of the battalion's analysis, supply, and communications personnel, as well as all of the IEW support, administration, vehicle maintenance, communications maintenance, and food service personnel. Accordingly, unlike a stereotypical battalion headquarters company, the HHS Company of a CEWI battalion comprised over half of the battalion's total authorised strength. The company's missions were to:
The major items of equipment organic to HHS Company included:
Alpha Company.
Company A (Collection and Jamming) was composed of three C&J platoons, a radio telegraphy team, and a traffic analysis section. Of the three C&J platoons, one each was concerned with:
The major items of equipment organic to Company A included:
Bravo Company.
Company B (Intelligence and Surveillance) was divided into two very distinctive platoons. The ground surveillance radar platoon had three squads of scouts to carry, install, and utilise ground surveillance radars to observe enemy vehicle traffic. These three squads would provide GSR support to the division's three manoeuvre brigades.
The other platoon, known as the operations support element, was composed of two counterintelligence teams and two interrogation teams. The platoon was designed to conduct enemy prisoner of war interrogation and provide limited counterintelligence support to the division. Because an officer could not become qualified in either counterintelligence or human intelligence unless and until he or she completed the respective military intelligence officer advanced course, Company B was unusual in that the operations support platoon was led by a captain.
The major items of equipment organic to Company B were AN/PPS-5A Ground Surveillance Radar Sets.
Charlie Company.
Company C (Electronic Warfare) was built around a large signals intelligence ("SIGINT") processing platoon composed of an analysis section, three non-communication intercept teams and five master control stations. Outside of the platoon was a radio teletypewriter section. Company C's mission was to:
The major items of equipment organic to Company C included:
Long Range Surveillance Detachment.
Detachment D (Long Range Surveillance) was an airborne infantry detachment, designed to parachute far in advance of friendly lines with radios and sufficient provisions to sustain themselves. Once in position, they were to remain camouflaged, while observing enemy activity and other conditions of intelligence value, and report their findings via radio.
651st MI Company.
The 651st Military Intelligence Company (Interrogation and Exploitation) (Echelons Above Corps), designed to support a theatre army, was composed of a document exploitation team, a target exploitation team, a technical intelligence section, and six interrogation & exploitation squads in two platoons. The company's mission was to:
The major items of equipment organic to the 651st MI Company included:
Insignia.
Coat of Arms.
"Shield": Azure within an orle argent, in base a pyramid of the like and in chief a sun in splendor issuing to base five lightning flashes or and charged with a globe of the like gridlined of the first.
"Crest": That for the regiments and separate battalions of the Army Reserve: On a wreath of the colours, argent and azure, the Lexington Minuteman proper. The statue of the Minuteman, Capt. John Parker (Henry Hudson Kitson, sculptor), stands on the Common in Lexington, Massachusetts.
Motto.
"Semper Vigil" (Latin for always watchful).
Distinctive Unit Insignia.
The distinctive unit insignia is the shield and motto of the coat of arms.
Symbolism.
Oriental blue and silver gray (white) are the colors associated with military intelligence. The sun represents the Greek god Helios who, according to mythology, could bring all secrets to light; surrounding a globe, it represents the unit's worldwide military intelligence mission. The lightning flashes suggest electronic warfare and communication capabilities. The sun and lightning flashes are gold and allude to California, the "Golden State," the unit's home area. The pyramid personifies longevity ["ironically"] and strength.

</doc>
<doc id="19169390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169390" title="You Suck At Photoshop (web series)">
You Suck At Photoshop (web series)

You Suck At Photoshop is a series of online Photoshop tutorials with adult-themed humor designed by Matt Bledsoe and Troy Hitch of the Big Fat Institute for Advanced Interactive Design; hosted at My Damn Channel. The show started as a one-off parody of instructional videos and became popular almost overnight; since its debut in December 2007, the first episode alone has received over 4.4 million views on YouTube, over 600,000 on My Damn Channel, and garnered national attention in Time Magazine.
Show format and subject matter.
Episodes typically star fictional Photoshop user Donnie Hoyle, who demonstrates tools and techniques in Photoshop, usually on a Macintosh computer. Donnie is a person with severe and chronic personal problems relating to his job, his relationships and disintegrating marriage; various legal problems, career and emotional problems; which tend to weave themselves into the narrative to dark comedic effect. Each episode's title card is further distinguished by a different misspelling which can be interpreted as part of the joke of each episode or is spelled so as to suggest an off-color reference. Further clues to Donnie's state of mind can probably be inferred from the ever-changing desktop wallpaper seen during the demonstration.
Despite Donnie's rather intractable life problems, he does manage to demonstrate Photoshop CS3 tools and techniques, such as selecting via Color Range, Curves, and Vanishing Point.
Originally intended as a one-off series, "YSAP" went into a second season due to fan demand.
The series went into its second season on My Damn Channel on 27 June 2008, and ended on 31 October 2008. The series has had two spinoffs, a five-episode My Damn Channel series known as "Sn4tchbuckl3r's Second Chance", and "You Suck At Photoshop (TOP SECRET EDITION!)", in which Donnie creates his Photoshop will.
The series restarted unofficially on 4 April 2012 with a spinoff called You Rock At Photoshop, starring Ronnie Cox. On 25 April 2012, the official start of You Suck At Photoshop started.
Awards.
The series was awarded two Webby awards; for Best How-To and Best Comedy Series – People's Voice. It also won the Streamy award for Best Artistic Concept in a Web Series.
Characters.
The creators of the character have this to say about him, from their "Time" magazine profile:
Additional uncredited characters include Donnie's wife (usually heard heckling him in the early episodes), and Donnie's co-workers at Phebco (heard when he had to do a couple of tutorials from his workplace after legal trouble during his divorce caused him to be locked out of his house).
Episode guide.
Season One.
Season One of "You Suck at Photoshop" was presented on My Damn Channel every other week from 21 December 2007 through 4 April 2008. It comprises 10 regular episodes and one season-ending tribute episode. Donnie's life and career trajectory during this series begin with his portrayal as a man who is both desperately unhappy in his job and his marriage, the progress of his life through is divorce and the loss of his job (whether by firing or quitting is not made clear), and his failed attempt to forge another relationship prior to his rather mysterious disappearance at the end of episode 10.
Season two.
Season Two debuted on My Damn Channel on 27 June 2008, with episode #11, and new episodes being released once every other week on Friday. As before, Donnie is at war with his lifestyle and the results of the life choices he's made. Despite his apparent sojourn to Peopleburg (as detailed in the short series "Sn4tchbuckl3r's Second Chance" and the placidity of his attitude in episode #10, he is just as stressed and anxious as he was before. The trajectory of this season starts with a losing paternity battle, the losing of which incites Donnie to do something incredibly stupid involving Thai thumb drives and a NERF jart that invoking Stephen Baldwin can't even save him from, and an apparent cross-country flight from Ricky (aka. the guy "drilling" his wife in the Vanagon in episode 1). Sna4tchbuckl3r and Sandy make returns to the storyline.
Season Three.
As of 4 April 2012, My Damn Channel has started showing You Suck At Photoshop series, beginning with an offshoot series called You Rock At Photoshop, starting 4-year-old Ronnie Cox, the possible estranged child of Donnie Hoyle. The offshoot series tends to mimic the original in a happier tone voiced by little Ronnie. Following the first episode, two videos affidavits by Robert Davis-Brockweilder Munghj, the legal council representative of the "late" Donnie Hoyle estate, notifying My Damn Channel that they were in violation of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act for the blatant copy.
The second episode of the You Rock At Photoshop started the same as the second episode of You Suck At Photoshop, but involving removing a robot instead of a cat. During the video, Ronnie Cox received a Skype message from Robert Davis-Brockweilder Munghj regarding how Robert was just attacked by a horde of 4-year-old children which he believed were sent to attack him by Ronnie. During the Skype call, you could hear a group of 4-year-olds breaking into the room where Robert was.
There was a third affidavit by Robery Davis-Brockweilder Munghj, where he appeared beaten, bounded and his head was covered. In this video he made mention that Donnie Hoyle was alive and he would return. Soon after, the sounds of 4-year-olds entering the room and attacking Robert occurred.
On 25 April 2012, the third season of You Suck At Photoshop started, with Donnie Hoyle creating an advertisement for Robert Davis-Brockweilder Munghj as payment for his services.

</doc>
<doc id="19169422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169422" title="Operation Outreach">
Operation Outreach

Operation Outreach was the Australian Defence Force's (ADF) contribution to the Northern Territory National Emergency Response (NTNER).
The NTNER (also referred to as "the intervention") is a package of changes to welfare provision, law enforcement, land tenure and other measures, introduced by the Australian under John Howard in 2007 to address child sexual abuse in Northern Territory Aboriginal communities. The package was the Federal government's response to the publication of "Little Children are Sacred", a Territory government report that found neglect and abuse of Aboriginal children had reached crisis levels. It received bipartisan parliamentary support, but was criticized by some. Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd had continued to support the response, whilst making some adjustments to its implementation. The former Prime Minister Julia Gillard has and continues to show her support.
Role.
ADF support to the NTNER, known as Joint Task Force (JTF) 641, included supplying contracted trade services (project management, engineering advice, construction and transport) to set up eighteen new police stations and safe houses in five remote communities. The military force also provided outbound logistics (linguistic and long-range communications support) through the wet season to child health check teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19169445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169445" title="US missile defense complex in Poland">
US missile defense complex in Poland

The US missile defense complex in Poland, also called the European Interceptor Site (EIS), was part of the Ballistic Missile Defense European Capability of the US. It was intended to be in Redzikowo, Słupsk, and Poland, forming a Ground-Based Midcourse Defense system in conjunction with an US narrow-beam midcourse tracking and discrimination radar system in the Brdy, or hills located in the Czech Republic. It was to consist of up to 10 silo-based interceptors: two-stage versions of the existing three-stage Ground Based Interceptors with Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicles and a closing speed of about 7 km/s. The plan was cancelled in 2009 and superseded by a more phased, practical one—the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System, which will include SM-3 Block IIA interceptors to be positioned in Poland around 2018.
Development.
According to the United States administration, the system was intended to protect against future missiles from Iran, such as the alleged Shahab-6, although in November 2007 the U.S. National Intelligence Estimate reported that Iran's nuclear weapons program had been halted since late 2003. It has also been pointed out that Central Europe is beyond the range of any missile that Iran currently has.
Russia strongly opposed the system. As an alternative, it proposed sharing the Qabala Radar in Azerbaijan, which Russia leases, but this was not seen as an acceptable substitute for the US.
While the Polish and Czech governments were in favor of the project, the missile shield received opposition from some groups within Poland and the Czech Republic, including some protests and a relay hunger strike by two Czech activists in May 2008 which lasted for 300 days.
On September 17, 2009, Obama administration announced that plans for the project had been scrapped.
In October, on a trip by Vice President Joe Biden to Warsaw, a new, smaller interceptor project on roughly the same schedule as the Bush administration plan, was introduced, and welcomed by Prime Minister Donald Tusk.
History.
Since 2002, US had been in talks with Poland and other European countries over the possibility of setting up a European base to intercept long-range missiles. According to US officials, a site similar to the US base in Alaska would help protect the US and Europe from missiles fired from the Middle East or North Africa. The Ustka-Wicko base of the Polish Army was initially mentioned as a possible site of US missile interceptors. Poland's prime minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz said in November 2005 he wanted to open up the public debate on whether Poland should host such a base.
In February 2007 the US started formal negotiations with Poland and the Czech Republic concerning construction of missile shield installations in those countries for a Ground-Based Midcourse Defense System. However in April 2007 the Washington Post reported that 57% of Poles opposed the plan.
Russia threatened to place short-range nuclear missiles on its borders with NATO if the United States refused to abandon its plans to deploy 10 interceptor missiles and a radar in Poland and the Czech Republic. In April 2007, then-President Putin warned of a new Cold War if the Americans deployed the shield in Central Europe. Putin also said that Russia was prepared to abandon its obligations under a Nuclear Forces Treaty of 1987 with the United States.
On July 4, 2008, Poland did not agree on the conditions set forth by the United States regarding the installation of anti-ballistic missiles on its territory.
On July 8, 2008, the Russian Foreign Ministry stated that if the missile defense system was approved, "we will be forced to react not with diplomatic, but with military-technical methods."
On August 14, 2008, shortly after the 2008 South Ossetia war, the United States and Poland announced a deal to implement the missile defense system in Polish territory, with a tracking system placed in the Czech Republic. The Russians responded by saying such action "cannot go unpunished." "The fact that this was signed in a period of very difficult crisis in the relations between Russia and the United States over the situation in Georgia shows that, of course, the missile defense system will be deployed not against Iran but against the strategic potential of Russia," Dmitry Rogozin, Russia's NATO envoy, said.
A high-ranking Russian military officer had warned Poland that it was exposing itself to attack by accepting a U.S. missile interceptor base on its soil. The deputy chief of staff of Russia's armed forces Gen. Anatoly Nogovitsyn has warned Poland that, "by deploying (the system), it is exposing itself to a strike — 100 percent".
On August 20, 2008, the "Agreement Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Poland Concerning the Deployment of Ground-Based Ballistic Missile Defense Interceptors in the Territory of the Republic of Poland" was signed in Warsaw by US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Poland’s Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski 
On November 5, during President Dmitry Medvedev's first state of the nation speech he stated that Russia would deploy short-range Iskander missiles to Russia's western enclave of Kaliningrad, sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania "to neutralize, if necessary, a missile defense system." "From what we have seen in recent years — the creation of a missile defense system, the encirclement of Russia with military bases, the relentless expansion of NATO — we have gotten the clear impression that they are testing our strength," he said.
On November 8, an aide to U.S. President-Elect Barack Obama denied a claim made by Polish President Lech Kaczyński's office that a pledge had been made to go ahead with the missile defense system during a phone conversation between the two men. "His position is as it was throughout the campaign, that he supports deploying a missile defence system when the technology is proved to be workable," the aid said, but "no commitment" has been made.
On November 14, French President Nicolas Sarkozy stated that plans for a U.S. missile shield in Central Europe were misguided, and wouldn't make the continent a safer place. "Deployment of a missile defense system would bring nothing to security ... it would complicate things, and would make them move backward," he said at a summit. He also warned Russian President Dmitry Medvedev against upping tensions by deploying missiles in Kaliningrad in response to the U.S. planned missile defense system.
On April 5, 2009, President Obama, during his speech in Prague, declared: "As long as the threat from Iran persists, we will go forward with a missile defense system that is cost-effective and proven." President Obama continued to express conditional support for the program and sought to isolate it from U.S.-Russian nuclear arms control talks.
On September 17, 2009, The White House issued a statement saying that the US "no longer planned to move forward" with the project. According to President Obama, new intelligence had shown Iran was pursuing short-range and medium-range missile development, rather than long-range, necessitating a shift in strategy. The outlines of a reformulated, scaled-down project began to emerge in October, 2009.
After the GBI cancellation, Vicepresident Joe Biden visited Poland in 2009 to "mend relations" by announcing the SM-3 deployment plan (see two sections below for details of the new plan). Polish sources complained that the new plan no long gave Poland an exclusive role (because an SM-3 site was also planned for Romania).
In 2010 cables leaked by Wikileaks showed that Polish diplomats felt more threatened by Russia than by Iran. The (leaked) responses from Pentagon show that Alexander Vershbow sought to assuage that the missile shield, including the SM-3 alternative, was adaptable to "hypothetical" threats.
In March 2013 Polish Deputy Minister of Defense Robert Kupiecki announced that Poland intends to build its own missile defense within NATO, complementing the US deployment. Their tentative budget for the next decade is "$10 billion for the modernization of air defense, where half of this sum is dedicated to lower-tier missile defense."
International reactions to discontinuation of project.
Polish response.
The Polish government responded nervously. Some politicians voiced concern that the country would lose its special status in Washington, and that the move by Obama was an appeasement to Moscow. Jaroslaw Gowin, with Poland's governing Civic Platform party, said Obama's decision had been made independently of Polish sensitivities. Former Polish President Lech Wałęsa said he was deeply disappointed by the new US administration's plans. He stated: "The Americans have always only taken care of their own interests and they have used everyone else." According to a September 18, 2009 poll, 56 percent of Poles supported Obama's decision and only 30 percent were against it. Leader of main Polish opposition party, Jarosław Kaczyński, claimed that the decision of abandoning the shield was announced on September 17 not by accident 
(the date is of great symbolic value to Poland, as on September 17, 1939 Poland was invaded by the Soviet Union). Polish newspapers showed mixed responses to the discontinuation, with some seeing it as a positive action, and some saw it with very negative connotations.
However, Slawomir Nowak, a senior adviser to Polish Prime Minister Tusk, responded positively to the proposed short and medium range missile systems replacement of the long range systems: "If this system becomes reality in the shape Washington is now suggesting, it would actually be better for us than the original missile shield programme," he stated. "We were never really threatened by a long-range missile attack from Iran," he told TVP Info.
Polish non-governmental response.
The Polish daily newspaper "Rzeczpospolita" conducted a survey which showed that 48 percent of Poles believed the decision was good for Poland, while 31 percent had the opposite view. In contrast, the Polish tabloid newspaper "Fakt", ran a front page headline "Ale bylismy naiwni ZDRADA! USA sprzedaly nas Rosji i wbily name noz w plecy" which translates to "Betrayal! The U.S. sold us to Russia and stabbed us in the back". This was also reported by other news organizations.
According to a poll by SMG/KRC released by TVP 50 per cent of respondents reject the deployment of the shield on Polish soil, while 36 per cent support it.
The Associated Press reports "The move has raised fears in the two nations they are being marginalized by Washington even as a resurgent Russia leaves them longing for added American protection."
American response.
Reactions in the US to Obama's decision were mixed. Some Republican critics have seen this as a move to placate Moscow. Defeated presidential candidate John McCain called the decision "seriously misguided". Conversely, Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the decision was "brilliant" and clearly based on an accurate summary of the current threats. Obama rejected accusations that the decision was an appeasement to Moscow. He stated in an interview: "The Russians don't make determinations about what our defence posture is. If the by-product of it is that the Russians feel a little less paranoid... then that's a bonus."
Russian response.
President Medvedev welcomed the news as "positive". "We value the US president’s responsible approach towards implementing our agreements," he stated in an address shown on national television. Prime Minister Putin said it was a "correct and brave" move. The main reason for President Barack Obama's decision was "Russia's uncompromising position on the issue," according to Russian foreign policy expert Mikhail Margelov, chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee Federation Council of Russia.
Western European response.
Leaders in Western Europe reacted positively. German Chancellor Angela Merkel welcomed the move, calling it a "a very hopeful signal" for relations with Russia. French President Nicolas Sarkozy said that this was "an excellent decision from every point of view and I hope that our Russian friends will attach importance to this decision," while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown gave his fullest backing, stating that he strongly supported the decision taken by Obama.
Czech response.
Czech President Vaclav Klaus said the step by the U.S. government was "no big surprise for anybody who had been following the cues in the past days and months," but that he was "100 percent convinced" that the step was no expression of a cooling in relations between the United States and the Czech Republic. However, Mirek Topolanek, who was prime minister when Prague agreed to co-host the shield, said the US decision to drop the plans "is not good news for the Czech state, for Czech freedom and independence."
Reformulated Obama administration project.
The reformulated project announced most prominently by Vice President Biden in October, 2009, would entail smaller, mobile SM-3 interceptors, to be placed by 2018. The whole of the Obama plan "envisions stationing existing SM-3 interceptors as part of the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense on Aegis-equipped ships in the Mediterranean Sea and elsewhere by 2011, and on land in Central Europe by 2015, part of a European Phased Adaptive Approach (EPAA). A more advanced system would be deployed by 2018, including in Poland as EPAA phase 3, and another generation, theoretically capable of shooting down intercontinental missiles, (EPAA phase 4) by 2020." Phase 4 was cancelled however in March 2013, triggering some speculation that it was a concession promised by Obama to Dmitry Medvedev before the United States presidential election, 2012; the allegations of Russian influence over this decision were however denied by the Pentagon.
The base will be located at Redzikowo.

</doc>
<doc id="19169496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169496" title="Herve (disambiguation)">
Herve (disambiguation)

Herve may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19169649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19169649" title="Xilotepelt">
Xilotepelt

Xilotepelt is a Nicaraguan football team. The team is based in Jinotepe.
The team currently plays its games in the second division after being relegated following the 2011 Nicaraguan Clausura.
Notable players.
Players whose name is listed in bold represented their countries while playing for Xilotepelt

</doc>
