<doc id="19140139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140139" title="Commodore Nutt">
Commodore Nutt

George Washington Morrison Nutt (1 April 1848 – 25 May 1881) was a 19th-century American entertainer. Born in Manchester, New Hampshire, Nutt was a midget. It is not known exactly why, how or when Nutt joined the entertainment industry, but he was touring New England with a circus when P. T. Barnum met and hired him in 1861 to appear as an attraction at the American Museum in New York City.
Barnum gave Nutt the stage name, Commodore Nutt, a lavish wardrobe that included miniature naval uniforms, and a tiny carriage in the shape of an English walnut. Commodore Nutt and General Tom Thumb (another of Barnum's little people) became rivals for the hand of miniature Museum attraction, Lavinia Warren. Thumb won Lavinia, and, Commodore Nutt, once he had resigned himself to the loss of Lavinia, stood Thumb's best man at the couple's 1863 wedding in Grace Episcopal Church, New York City. Although Nutt forswore women after his disappointment in love, he eventually married Lilian Elston of Redwood City, California.
Nutt toured the world between 1869 and 1872 with the Thumbs and Lavinia's miniature sister, Minnie Warren. The four returned to America rich beyond their dreams. Nutt had a dispute with Barnum after the tour, and struck out on his own. He managed a variety show on the West Coast, occasionally performed, and operated saloons in Oregon and California without success. He returned to New York City, and died there of Bright's disease in May 1881.
Birth and ancestry.
George Washington Morrison Nutt was born in Manchester, New Hampshire to Major Rodnia Nutt (1810–1875), and his wife Maria (Dodge) Nutt (1807–1859) of Goffstown, New Hampshire. Rodnia Nutt was a gentleman farmer, and a Manchester city marshal and councilman.
The Nutts had five children. The first, who apparently died unnamed in infancy, was followed by James Dodge on 28 January 1838, and Rodnia, Jr. on 11 October 1840. A daughter, Mary Ann, was born on 22 September 1844, and George Washington Morrison on 1 April 1848.
Some confusion has existed about George's birth date. A souvenir pamphlet and newspaper accounts published at the time of George's 1862 New York debut indicate 2 April 1844 as his birth date, while 1881 obituaries in the "New York Times" and other newspapers indicate 1 April 1844. A Nutt family Bible indicates 1 April 1848, and this date is now generally accepted.
Nutt and his wife were "large, hearty folk, Nutt weighing upward of two hundred and fifty pounds." Their sons Rodnia, Jr. and George Washington Morrison however were both little people. In 1861, Rodnia, Jr. stood about 49 inches tall; George stood about 29 inches and weighed about 25 pounds.
George's ancestors include King Canute, and William Nutt (1698–1751), a weaver with English ancestry who emigrated from Londonderry, Ulster, Northern Ireland to North America in the early 18th century, and established his line in colonial New England. A part of what is now Manchester was called Nutfield in the early days of settlement while a pond and a road near the pond were named after early Nutt settlers.
Barnum's American Museum.
It is not certain how, why or when George Nutt began his career in the American entertainment industry. He may have been exhibited as early as 1854 by William C. Walker, the manager of a small circus based in Manchester. Walker claimed not only to have discovered George, but to have been the first to exhibit him and his brother Rodnia.
Nutt had been touring the New England countryside with a manager named Lillie when he met P. T. Barnum in his offices at the American Museum in 1861. To Barnum's disgust, Lillie had paid scant attention to Nutt's education, and was charging as little as a nickel to see the boy. Lillie knew nothing about presenting the boy "in the proper style", as Barnum put it.
Barnum recognized Nutt's potential as a museum attraction at once. In his autobiography, he described Nutt as "a most remarkable dwarf, who was a sharp, intelligent little fellow, with a deal of drollery and wit. He had a splendid head, was perfectly formed, and was very attractive, and, in short, for a "showman" was a perfect treasure."
Barnum became very anxious to acquire the "extraordinary pygmy" (as he termed Nutt) for the Museum, and quietly hired a lawyer to lure Nutt away from his manager. "Nail him!" Barnum ordered the lawyer in a letter later leaked to the press.
The lawyer offered Nutt's parents a large sum of money to secure their son for a three to five year engagement, promising them the boy would be educated and trained to be "a genteel, accomplished attractive little man". Barnum wanted his name kept out of the negotiations with the Nutts until they had accepted the lawyer's terms. He had learned from experience that if his name was known, prices would skyrocket.
Negotiations dragged on through the summer and autumn of 1861. An agreement was finally reached, and a contract signed on 12 December 1861. Barnum hired not only Nutt, but his 49 inch, 21 year old brother, Rodnia, Jr. The contract required Barnum to provide both young men with room and board, clothing, and travel and medical expenses.
The showman was also required to supervise the moral and academic education of the brothers. Salaries would begin at $12 per week with annual increases. In the fifth and final year of the contract, the Nutt brothers would each receive $30 per week. They would also receive a yearly percentage from the sales of their souvenir photographs and pamphlets.
Publicity campaign.
Once the contract was signed, Barnum set in motion a publicity campaign to prepare the public for Nutt's debut. Although he had already signed Nutt, he let it be rumored about that he was trying to secure Nutt for the American Museum.
Other showmen were provoked by this lie to offer incredible sums to Nutt's parents for the chance to sign their son. Barnum leaked a letter to the press in which he hinted that he was forced to outbid the competition, and finally paid $30,000 to engage the midget. The boy became known informally among showmen and journalists as "The $30,000 Nutt".
Barnum gave the midget the stage name, Commodore Nutt, and provided him with a lavish and neatly-tailored wardrobe that included miniature naval uniforms. For the Commodore's jaunts about town, the showman had a little carriage built for him that resembled an English walnut. The top of the vehicle was hinged in such a way that, when lifted, the little Commodore would be revealed sitting inside.
Nutt's carriage was drawn by Shetland ponies and driven about New York by his brother Rodnia dressed as a liveried coachman. Barnum thought these little trips about New York City the very best form of advertisement. Nutt's carriage is now in the Barnum Museum in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Debut.
Dwarfs and midgets have always been popular entertainers, but were often regarded with disgust and revulsion. In the early 19th century however, little people were romanticized by the middle class and regarded with the same affectionate condescension extended to children. Little people, like children, were regarded in the 19th century as creatures of innocence.
Barnum was nothing if not a keen businessman. He wooed the middle class and turned their sentiments about children to his advantage. He held baby contests attended by hundreds, and promised parents that their children would find nothing in the American Museum "calculated to corrupt the mind or taint the juvenile imagination." Thus assured, the middle class filled his strong boxes with their dollars.
Commodore Nutt made his debut at Barnum's American Museum in February 1862, and, in the process, became an overnight sensation. Some museum-goers believed they were being "humbugged" by Barnum, and that Nutt was actually General Tom Thumb in disguise.
Although Nutt somewhat resembled the Tom Thumb of the past, Thumb had aged and put on weight over the yearsa fact museum-goers blithely refused to take into account. Nutt was a mischievous scamp; he took delight in the confusion, and encouraged the public in their error.
To silence the doubters, Barnum asked Thumb (who was touring the American South and the West at the time of Nutt's debut) to cut his tour short and come to New York City for a four-week engagement with Nutt. He wanted the two little men to appear on the same platform at the American Museum. Thumb returned to New York, and took the stage with Nutt.
They were billed as "The Two Dromios" and "The Two Smallest Men, and Greatest Curiosities Living." The exhibit opened on 11 August 1862. Despite what they witnessed, some museum-goers still insisted that Nutt was Tom Thumb in disguise. Barnum wrote, "It is very amusing to see how people will sometimes deceive themselves by being too incredulous."
New York City Police Commissioners.
On 18 April 1862, Nutt met with New York City Police Commissioners in an effort to get an officer assigned to the American Museum. Nutt himself applied to become a New York police officer, was given favorable consideration, and ordered a uniform himself.
In a telegram to the Ninth Precinct (he stood on the arm of a chair to reach the telegraph instrument), Nutt sent his compliments to the precinct officers and wrote that he was to receive an appointment on the Broadway Squad with "extraordinary powers to arrest" and "take upstairs" passersby outside the Museum.
During his tour of the police facilities, someone said that the Commodore had been seen to kiss a girl on the mouth during his stage act. "Well, that was the right place, wasn't it?" he quipped. Nutt offered more witticisms to the roars of the officers, denied that he had a romantic interest in the Museum's Albino, and made it understood that he knew how to "handle" the giant.
President Lincoln.
During the darkest days of the American Civil War in November 1862, President Abraham Lincoln invited Barnum and Nutt to the White House. Entering the Washington, D.C. dwelling, the showman was told the President was in a special cabinet meeting, but had left word to have Barnum and his little companion announced when they arrived. Barnum realized his visit may have been something of an imposition upon the busy President, and made a mental note to keep his visit brief.
The visitors were announced, and Lincoln interrupted his cabinet session to greet Barnum and Nutt. Pleasantries were passed about, and Nutt asked Secretary Chase of the Treasury if he was the man who was spending so much of Uncle Sam's money. Stanton, Secretary of War, interrupted to declare that he was the man. "Well," said Nutt to everyone's amusement, "It is in a good cause, anyhow, and I guess it will come out all right."
As Barnum and Nutt prepared to leave, President Lincoln bowed at the waist and took Nutt's hand in his own. He suggested to the Commodore that he "wade ashore" should his "fleet" ever be in danger. Nutt looked up and down Lincoln's long legs and joked, "I guess, Mr. President, you could do that better than I could."
Lilliputian love triangle.
In 1862, Barnum hired the midget Lavinia Warren of Marlboro, Massachusetts, to exhibit herself at the American Museum. She was several years older than Nutt, but he fell in love with her at once. She fanned the flames of his passion by giving him a diamond and emerald friendship ring, once the gift of Barnum to the miniature lady.
When Thumb visited the Museum in the autumn of 1862, he met Warren and fell in love. He told Barnum it was "love at first sight." In order to win her away from Nutt, Thumb quietly promised Barnum he would marry her in a public ceremony. Realizing at once the fortune to be made with such a spectacle, Barnum called Warren aside and urged Thumb's suit, emphasizing his gentle breeding and his large fortune.
Nutt was aware that Thumb was his rival for Lavinia's love. He beat up Thumb in a dressing room at the Museum. When Lavinia planned a weekend visit to Barnum's Bridgeport home, Nutt casually but firmly invited himself along. Little did he know that Thumb would be there as well.
Nutt left New York City on a late Saturday train, arriving at Barnum's home at 11 pm. He found Thumb and Warren alone in the downstairs parlor. Unbeknownst to Nutt, Thumb had proposed and Warren had accepted. Barnum and Warren gently broke the news to Nutt a week later.
Barnum thought Lavinia's younger sister Minnie (also a midget and much smaller than Lavinia) a better match for Nutt and urged him to consider her as a wife. Nutt told Barnum he had little faith in women, and that he would not marry "the best woman living".
Barnum wanted Minnie and Nutt to attend Lavinia and Thumb as bridesmaid and best man, but Nutt refused. Later, Thumb asked Nutt to be his best man. Nutt accepted, telling Barnum, "It was not your business to ask me. When the proper person invited me, I consented."
Nutt and Minnie did indeed serve as best man and bridesmaid at the "Fairy Wedding" of General Tom Thumb and Lavinia Warren in Grace Episcopal Church, New York City on Tuesday 10 February 1863. Traffic had been brought to a halt and crowds had gathered to catch a glimpse of the celebrated couple. Scheduled for high noon, the ceremony did not start until the bride arrived at 12:30 pm.
The wedding was by invitation only, and attended by 2,000 guests, most being the A-list celebrities of the day that included Mrs. John Jacob Aster, Mrs. William H. Vanderbilt, and General Ambrose Burnside. Members of the church complained about the "marriage of mountebanks", and were angered because they were refused seating in their own pews. Much of the public curiosity about the marriage of Thumb and Warren was based on prurient interest in the sexual mechanics of the couple, which Barnum did nothing to either encourage or discourage.
The reception was held in the Metropolitan Hotel at 3 pm, with gifts on display in the bride's room. Barnum gave the newlyweds a tortoiseshell basket concealing a mechanical bird that sang when a spring was touched. The gift was said to cost $1,000. While President and Mrs. Lincoln could not attend, they sent the couple a set of Chinese fire screens embellished with gold, silver, and pearl. Nutt gave Lavinia a diamond ring.
At a much later date, Barnum asked Nutt why he had not married. Nutt told him that his "fruit was plucked", and he had no intention of marrying until he was 30. He said he did not care about his bride's height, but preferred a "good, green country girl to anyone else."
World tour.
The wedding attracted widespread attention. Barnum seized the moment, and sent the wedding party on a profitable tour of America and Europe. Following the tour, the four little people were again sent off, this time on a grand tour of the world as The Tom Thumb Company.
The quartet left the United States on 21 June 1869, travelled 60,000 miles around the world, visited 587 cities and towns, and gave 1,471 performances of songs, orations, and military drills. They returned to America in 1872, rich beyond their dreams.
On his own.
Nutt had a dispute with Barnum after the tour and struck out on his own. He joined Harry Deakin's Lilliputian Comic Opera Company, and shared the stage with Colonel Ruth Goshen (the Middlebush Giant), and Miss Jennie Quigley, "the smallest lady in the world". The Company toured extensively in a production of the operetta, "Jack, the Giant Killer".
Nutt and his brother Rodnia organized their own variety show. The show played in Portland, Oregon, but was not a success. Nutt went to San Francisco, organized another show, but tired of the life within a year and quit. Another theatrical venture was equally unsuccessful. Nutt operated saloons in Oregon and San Francisco with little success.
Marriage.
It was reported at least four times in the press during the 1860s that Nutt and Minnie Warren were husband and wife. Warren never married Nutt, but became the wife of another little person in 1877 named Major Edward Newell (aka General Grant, Jr.), a song and dance man who performed on roller skates. Warren died of childbirth complications in 1878.
In 1879, Nutt married Miss Lilian Elston of Redwood City, California whom he had met while touring the American West. She was slightly smaller than the average woman, and, at her husband's 1881 funeral, sobbed over Nutt's coffin and called him her "dear little boy" who was "so good". The couple had no children.
Return to New York City.
Nutt returned to New York City and bought a saloon. The New York City courts put an end to this saloon-keeping venture when Nutt was caught operating without a liquor license. The former star of the American Museum became Deputy-Superintendent of Rockaway Pier, a beach front amusement-centered board walk, and later returned to the life of a showman with an act called "Tally-Ho".
Death.
Early in 1881, Nutt suffered a severe attack of Bright's disease. He endured the pain for more than two months before dying on 25 May 1881 at the Anthony House in New York City. Nutt's resting place is not known with certainty, but he is believed to be buried in an unmarked grave near his parents in Merrill Cemetery at Manchester, New Hampshire.
Several years before Nutt's death, a description of his funeral was published in newspapers around the world. Mourners were said to include the seven foot giant Chang, an American known as "The Skeleton", a woman with three arms, and four trained dogs. Police were said to be concerned about the crowd gathered outside the cemetery and ordered cabbies to carry mourners singly and quietly to their homes. Nutt had grown from his original 29 inches to 43 inches, and weighed a little less than 70 pounds at his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19140148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140148" title="Laurence Urdang">
Laurence Urdang

Laurence Urdang (March 21, 1927 – August 26, 2008) was a lexicographer, editor and author noted for first computerising the unabridged "Random House Dictionary of the English Language", published in 1966. He was also the founding editor of "Verbatim", a quarterly newsletter on language.
Urdang was born in Manhattan and graduated from the Fieldston School in The Bronx. He then entered the Naval Reserve at the end of World War 2.
Educated at Columbia University (where he restricted himself to Russian, German, Latin, Greek, Sanskrit and Polish), Urdang was a linguistics lecturer at New York University from 1956 to 1961. Although he never wrote the dissertation that would have completed his graduate degree, the "Random House Dictionary" filled the void amply: "He always said he considered the Random House dictionary his dissertation," said Nicole Urdang.
Urdang made his debut in the publishing industry as an associate editor in the dictionary department at Funk & Wagnalls and developed a vast vocabulary. Not averse to making fun of his profession, he wrote in the introduction to "Misunderstood, Misused, & Mispronounced Words":
This is not a succedaneum for satisfying the nympholepsy of nullifidians. Rather it is hoped that the haecceity of this enchiridion of arcane and recondite sesquipedalian items will appeal to the oniomania of an eximious Gemeinschaft whose legerity and sophrosyne, whose Sprachgefühl and orexis will find more than fugacious fulfillment among its felicific pages.
He died on August 21, 2008, of congestive heart failure in Branford, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="19140153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140153" title="Danubian corridor">
Danubian corridor

In paleontology and archeology, the Danubian corridor or Rhine-Danube corridor refers to a route along the valleys of the Danube River and Rhine River of various migrations of Eastern cultures from Asia Minor, Aegean, Caspian etc., into the north and northwest Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19140159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140159" title="Upper nobility (Kingdom of Hungary)">
Upper nobility (Kingdom of Hungary)

The upper nobility (, ) was the highest stratum of the temporal society in the Kingdom of Hungary until the 20th century. In the course of the 11-15th centuries, only people who held specific high offices in the royal administration or in the Royal Households were distinguished by law within the nobility, but from the 16th century, families whose ancestors had been authorized by the monarchs to use a distinctive noble title ("e.g.", baron, count) formed a hereditary social class.
Its first members descended from the leaders of the Magyar tribes and clans and from the western knights who immigrated to the Kingdom of Hungary in the course of the 10-12th centuries. They were the "men distinguished by birth and dignity" "(maiores natu et dignitate)" mentioned frequently in the charters of the first kings. From the 1210s, the dignitaries of the central administration and the Royal Households were referred to as "barons of the realm" "(barones regni)" in official documents but their legal status was exclusively linked to the office they held and their offsprings could not inherit it.
In 1193, King Béla III granted Modruš County in Croatia to Bartolomej, the ancestor of the Frankopans "(Frangepán)" family; thenceforward, he and his descendants used the hereditary title "count" but no specific privileges were connected to it. Quite to the contrary, the theory of the "one and same liberty" "(una eademque libertas)" of the nobles strengthened and finally, it became enacted in 1351. From 1397, the descendants of the "barons of the realm" were referred to as "barons' sons" "(filii baronum)" or magnates "(magnates)" in official documents and from the 1430s, they received the honorific "magnificus", an expression that had earlier been used only when addressing the "barons of the realm".
Besides the Counts Frankopan, the members of foreign ruling houses and the nobles of foreign origin who held offices in the royal administration or owned estates in the Kingdom of Hungary ("e.g.", Duke Ladislaus of Opole, Prince Fyodor Koriatovych, the "Despot" Stefan Lazarević and Count Hermann II of Celje) were the first individuals who used noble titles, but in theory, their legal status was still equal to that of the poorest members of the lesser nobility. Similarly, the status of the brothers Szentgyörgyi did not change when they were rewarded with the hereditary title "count of the Roman Empire" in 1459 by Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor who had been claiming the throne for himself against King Matthias I.
King Matthias I also rewarded his partisans with hereditary titles when he appointed them to hereditary heads of counties "(hæreditarius supremus comes)" and authorized them to use red sealing wax (similarly to the counts of the Roman Empire). In 1487, a new expression appeared in a deed of armistice signed by King Matthias: the document mentioned 19 noble families as "natural barons in Hungary" "(barones naturales in Hungaria)" in contrast to the "barons of the realm" whose position was still linked to the high offices they happened to be holding. During the reign of King Vladislaus II, the special legal position of certain noble families was enacted and the act referred to their members as "barons" even if they were not holding any high offices at that time.
Although in the 16th century, the "Tripartitum" (a law book collecting the body of common laws that had arisen from customary practise) declared again that all the nobles enjoyed the same liberties independently of their offices, birth or wealth, but in practise, even it acknowledged that some differences had been existing within the nobility. Nevertheless, the "Tripartitum" still distinguished between the "true barons" "(veri barones)" who held the highest offices and the "barons only by name" "(barones solo nomine)" who did not hold any high offices but used noble titles. From 1526, the Habsburg kings rewarded their partisans with hereditary titles such as "baron" and "count" and the members of the families wearing such titles were invited to attend in person at the Diets. This costumary practise was confirmed by legislation in 1608, when the Diet passed an act prescribing that the monarchs were to send a personal invitation to the members of the upper nobility ("i.e.", to the "true barons" and to the nobles authorized by the kings to use hereditary titles) when convoking the Diet; thenceforward, the prelates and the members of the upper nobility formed the Diets' Upper House.
The Habsburg monarchs endeavoured to establish an "international" aristocracy within their empire and they granted several estates in the Kingdom of Hungary to their followers descending from their other realms and provinces; the Estates, however, managed to reserve the right that the kings could not grant offices and estates to foreigners without their authorization. From 1688, the members of the upper nobility were entitled by law to create an entail "(fideicommissum)" which ensured that their estates were inherited without division in contrast to the common law that prescribed that a noble's inheritance was to be divided equally among his heirs.
The "cardinal liberties" of the nobility were abolished by the "April laws" in 1848, but the members of the upper nobility could reserve their hereditary membership in the Upper House of the Parliament. In 1885, aristocrats who did not meet all the financial criteria set up by legislation, lost their seat in the legislative body. The Upper House was dissolved in 1918 and it was reorganized only in 1926, but thenceforward, the members of the upper nobility were only entitled to elect some representatives to the Upper House.
In 1945, the land reform liquidated the financial basis of the special status of the upper nobility. And finally, following the declaration of the Republic of Hungary, the Parliament passed an act that prohibited the use of noble titles in 1946.
The tribal aristocracy (9th–11th centuries).
In the 9th century, the tribal federation of the nomadic Magyars "(Hetumoger)" was composed of seven (and later, after the Kabars had joined to it, of eight) tribes (, ). The tribes were divided into 35-50 clans (, ). The Magyar clans must have been organized based on the real or fictitious kinship of their members; each of them had its own name (that may have been changing from time to time) and the clans possessed separate territories within the lands occupied by the tribe they were linked to. In the 9th-10th centuries, the "kende", the "gyula" and the "horka" were the leaders of the Magyar tribal federation, while the tribes were headed by their own princes and each clan must have also had its own head.
The Byzantine emperor Constantine VII "Porphyrogennetos" recorded that
Around 896, the Magyars invaded the Carpathian Basin and by 902, they occupied its whole territory. The Magyars made several raids to the territories of present-day Italy, Germany, France and Spain and also to the lands of the Byzantine Empire. The regular raids contributed to the differentiation of the tribal society because the leaders of the military actions were entitled to reserve a higher share of the booty for themselves. The military actions also contributed to the formation of the retinues of the heads of the tribes and the clans. The Magyars were obliged to stop their regular military actions westwards following their defeat at the Battle of Augsburg on the Lech River in 955; and in 970, the raids against the Byzantine Empire also finished. 
When the period of the military raids closed, the organization of the future Kingdom of Hungary commenced during the reign of Grand Prince Géza (before 972-997) who united the western parts of the Carpathian Basin under his rule. The establishment of the Kingdom of Hungary is connected to King Saint Stephen (1000/1001-1038); he defeated the (semi-)independent Magyar tribal leaders who endeavoured to resist his rule and thus he managed to expand his authority over the whole territory of the Carpathian Basin by the 1030s. King Stephen I organized several "counties" that became the basic units of the royal administration. Some scholars claim that King Stephen I organized the "counties" on the basis of the territories possessed by the clans, but other authors pointed out that the relationship between the "counties" and the Magyar clans cannot be proven.
King Saint Stephen's acts ensured the private ownership of landed property; therefore, several families of the tribal aristocracy ("i.e.", the families of the heads of the tribes and clans) acquired the ownership of parts of the lands their clans had previously possessed. Consequently, several families of the future upper nobility descended from the tribal leaders who had surrendered to King Stephen I ("e.g.", the Aba and Csák families), and even the descendants of some rebellious tribal leaders ("e.g.", the kindred of Ajtony) could reserve a part of their ancestor's estates.
Although King Stephen I made a concerted effort to strengthen the position of Christianity in his kingdom and he adopted severe measures against the followers of pagan customs, but several Magyar tribal leaders (including the king's nephew Levente, who died as a pagan around 1046) did not give up their former lifestyle.
On the other hand, the Christian missionaries' efforts were not in vain, and several members of the tribal aristocracy ("e.g.", Csanád, one of Ajtony's former military leaders) became an ardent advocate of the Christianity; and finally, all of them who could reserve their estates integrated into the upper stratum of the Christian society following the period of the internal wars in the 1040s.
The immigrant knights (10-13th centuries).
The first knights from the western countries (mainly from the provinces of the Holy Roman Empire) arrived to Hungary during the reign of Grand Prince Géza in the 990s and he granted several estates to them on his domains. In 997, the future King Saint Stephen could gain a victory over Koppány (his relative who claimed the throne for himself after the death of Grand Prince Géza) with the assistance of the foreign knights serving in his German wife's retinues. The arrival of the immigrant (, ) knights continued until the end of the 13th century; several of them ("e.g.", the brothers Hont and Pázmány) were invited by the monarchs who offered them estates in their kingdom; others arrived in the retinues of the queens of foreign origin; while some of them was obliged to leave their country and seek shelter in the kingdom. Most of the immigrant knights were horse-mounted men-at-arms thus the maintenance of their equipment required considerable financial resources that was ensured by grant of estates.
Dignitaries and office-holders (11-13th centuries).
The formation of the Royal Council.
The kings' (and their queens') retinues and the Royal Households became the centres where the merger of the tribal aristocracy and the immigrant knights occurred (mainly by inter-marriages) in the course of the 11-12th centuries. The decrees of King Stephen I contain clear references to the "men distinguished by birth and dignity" (, ) who can be identified with the immigrant knights and the members of the tribal aristocracy who held the highest offices at his court and in the royal administration. They formed, together with the prelates, the Royal Council (, ) which became the highest forum of political decision-making in the kingdom.
Nevertheless, the monarchs remained the biggest landowners in the country until the end of the 12th century and the scattered lands owned even by the wealthiest members of the kings' retinues did not form contiguous geographical units in the kingdom. Based on their financial recources, the monarchs could reserve their overwhelming authority within their kingdom in the course of the 11-12th centuries: during the reign of King Géza II (1141–1162), the Bishop Otto of Freising recorded that all the Hungarians 
The heads of counties.
Among the members of the monarchs' retinues, the heads of the counties (, ) enjoyed a distinguished position: they managed the royal revenues of the "counties" and they were entitled to one third of the revenues; moreover, they led their own retinues attached to their office. They enjoyed several privileges; "e.g.", in their cases, the judgement was to be passed by the monarchs in person.
The ""ispán"s" became the wealthiest and most powerful individuals in the country, but their appointment and dismissal depended exclusively upon the kings' favour and therefore, they could not form a hereditary aristocracy. Their financial conditions ensured that they could set up monasteries and grant possessions to them. These "private monasteries" not only served for burial place to the founder's family but their founder often reserved the "right of patronage" (, ) for himself and for his descendants.
The high-officers of the realm and of the Royal Households.
The first references to an organized entourage around the monarchs were recorded during the reign of King Andrew I (1046–1060), but the development of the Royal Household (, ) must have commenced earlier. The existence of a separate Household of the Queens was documented for the first time in the 1190s.
The gradual development of the Royal Households contributed to the establishment of a hierarchical structure within the nobility, because their high-officers held the highest positions within the kingdom. In practice, they not only fulfilled their duties within the Royal Households but also became heads of "counties", probably because no specific revenues were attached to their offices in the Royal Households. 
The decrees of King Ladislaus I (1077–1095) referred to them as "notabilities" (, ) or "nobles" (, ). From 1216, the royal charters began to use the expression "barons of the realm" (, ) when referring to the dignitaries which prove that they wanted to distinguish themselves from other nobles ("e.g.", from the heads of counties). They, however, could not form a hereditary aristocracy, because their title was still linked to the offices they held and the monarchs had the power to dismiss them and to promote others at any time.
Some of the high-officers commenced to fulfil judiciary functions and thus they got rid of their administrative duties within the Royal Households. These high-judges and the governors of certain provinces ("e.g.", Transylvania, Croatia, Slavonia) formed together the high-officers of the realm who enjoyed a distinguished position within the nobility:
The list of the high-officers of the Royal Households was developing gradually from the 11th century, and their functions also changed from time to time, but by the end of the 13th century, their hierarchy become consolidated:
The emerging power of the feudal barons (13th century).
King Béla III (1172–1196) was the first monarch who alienated a whole county when he granted the ownership of all the royal estates in Modruš county to Bartolomej, who became the ancestor of the Frankopan () family. In his grant, the king stipulated that the Counts Frankopan would be obliged to arm some horse-mounted knights for the monarchs.
King Andrew II (1205–1235) radically changed the internal policy his predecessors had been following and he started to grant enormous domains to his partisans. He not only alienated castles and whole counties ("i.e.", the royal estates attached to them), but he also made "perpetual grants" (, ) that passed not only from fathers to sons (or in the lack of sons, to brothers or their sons) but all the male members of owner's family could inherited them. From the 1220s, several individuals commenced to refer to their clan in the official documents by using the expression "de genere" ("from the kindred of") following their name which suggests that the relevance even of distant kinship started to increase.
The king's new policy endangered the liberties of the royal servants owning landed property in the counties that the king had granted to his partisans. Therefore, in 1222, the royal servants led by former "barons of the realm" who had been dismissed by King Andrew II enforced the king to issue the Golden Bull in order to ensure their liberties. In the Golden Bull, the king also promised that he and his successors would not grant offices to foreigners without the consent of the Royal Council. The first precedent when the nobles decided on a foreigner's reception into the nobility of the kingdom was set during reign the reign of King Andrew III (1290–1301), when in 1298, the assembly of the nobility authorized the king to grant an office in the royal administration to his uncle, the Venetian Albertino Morosini.
The last provision of the Golden Bull authorized the prelates and the "nobles" to resist any royal measures that could endanger their liberties confirmed by his decree.
Following the Mongol invasion of the kingdom in 1241-42, King Béla IV endeavoured the landowners to build strongholds in their domains and therefore, he often granted lands to his partisans and obliged them to have a fortress built there. As a consequence, at least 75% of the 162 fortresses built in the kingdom from 1242 until 1300 was erected on private estates. The maintenance of the fortresses required significant financial resources and therefore, the scattered character of landed property went under a radical change because the strongholds became the centres of bigger units of estates that consisted of the villages attached to them. The possession of one or more strongholds strengthened the position of the upper nobility, because the castle-owners could resist the monarchs for a longer period and they could also expand their influence over the owners of smaller estates around their castles. Based on their fortresses and retinues, the wealthier members of the landed nobility endeavoured to strengthen their own position and they often rebelled against the monarchs. They began to employ the members of the lesser nobility in their households and thus the latter (mentioned as "familiaris" in the deeds) became subordinate to them. A familiaris (servant) had to swear fidelity to his dominus (lord) and he fell under his lord's jurisdiction with regard to any cases connected to their special relationship. On the other hand, a "familiaris" reserved the ownership of his former estates and in this regard, he still fell under the jurisdiction of the royal courts of justice.
From the 1290s, the most powerful barons commenced to govern their domains "de facto" independently of the monarchs and they usurped the royal prerogatives on the enormous territories possessed by them or by their "familiaris". Following the death of King Andrew III, the largest part of the kingdom became subject to the "de facto" rule of oligarchs like Máté Csák III, Amade Aba and Ladislaus Kán who took advantage of the struggles among the claimants to the throne and expanded their supremacy to several counties. King Charles I Robert (1308–1342) had to spend the first decades of his reign in waging wars against the most powerful oligarchs and he could strengthen his position within the kingdom only by the 1320s.
The age of chivalry (14th century).
The estates King Charles I Robert acquired by force from the rebellious oligarchs made him possible to introduce a new system in the royal administration: when he appointed his followers to an office, he also granted them the possession of one or more royal castles and the royal domains attached to them, but he reserved the ownership of the castle and its belongings for himself and thus his dignitaries could only enjoy the revenues of their possessions while they held the office. During his reign, the 20 dignitaries who held the highest offices in the royal administration or in the Royal Household obtained the honorific "magnificus vir" that distinguished them from other nobles.
During his reign, members of new families attained the status of "barons of the realm"; some of the ancestors of the new families ("e.g.", that of the Drugeths) arrived from abroad and some of them were members of the lesser nobility ("e.g.", the ancestor of the Újlaki family), but the majority of the new families ("e.g.", the Garai, Szécsényi and Szécsi families) descended from clans whose members had already held high-offices in the 13th century. 
The king introduced a new royal prerogative in 1332 when he entitled Margaret "de genere" Nádasd to inherit her father's possessions in contradiction to the costums of the kingdom prescribing that daughters can inherit only one-fourth of their father's estates and the other parts of the estates should pass to his agnates. Thenceforward, the monarchs could strengthen the financial conditions of their followers by using the prerogative of "putting her into a son's place" (, ) and thus entitling their wives to inherit their fathers' possessions. King Charles I Robert also set himself against the costums of the kingdom, when he granted landed property to his followers but he stipulated that the property could only be inherited by their descendants and thus he excluded their agnates from the inheritance. 
King Charles I Robert endeavoured the implementation of the ideas of chivalry; in 1318, he established the Order of Saint George whose membership was limited to 50 knights. He also set up the body of "knights-at-the-court" (, ) who acted as his personal delegates on an "ad hoc" basis. Thenceforward, most of the "barons of the realm" were appointed among the knights-at-the court. Before being knighted, children of the upper nobility could serve as pages (, ) in the Royal Households, and when they grow up they became "juveniles-at-the court" (, ). King Charles I Robert was the first king of Hungary who granted crests to his followers; the Hungarian word for coat-of-arms "(címer)" derives from the French expression for the crest "(cimier)". 
In 1351, King Louis I (1342–1382) issued a new decree that modified the Golden Bull and introduced the entail system (, ) when regulating the inheritance of the nobles' estates; according to the new system, the nobles' real property could not be devised by will, but it passed by operation of law to the owner's heirs upon his death. During his reign, the members of the Bebek, Cudar and Lackfi families attained the status of "baron of the realm".
The rule of the barons' leagues.
Following the death of King Louis I, his daughter Queen Mary I (1382–1385, 1386–1395) acceded to the throne, but the majority of the nobles opposed her rule. In 1385, the young queen had to abdicate in favor of her distant cousin, King Charles II (1385–1386), but her partisans murdered the new king soon and thus she could ascend the throne again. However, the followers of her murdered opponent's son, King Ladislaus of Naples rose up in open rebellion and captured her; thus the realm stayed without a monarch.
At that moment, the prelates and the "barons of the realm" set up a council; they have a seal prepared with the inscription "Seal of the People of the Kingdom of Hungary" () and issued decrees sealed by it in the name of the "prelates, barons, notabilities and all nobles of the realm". The members of the council entered into a contract with Queen Mary's fiancé and elected him king; in the contract, King Sigismund (1387–1437) accepted that his
The contract also recorded that the king and his counsillors would form a league and according to their contract, the king could not dismiss his counsillors without the consent of the other members of the Royal Council. The contract suggests that the members of the Royal Council endeavored to strengthen the hereditary character of their position. The first league was led by the Palatine Stephen II Lackfi and the Archbishop John Kanizsai, but the latter could drive the former out of the power in 1397. However, King Sigismund favorized his counsillors of foreign origin ("e.g.", his favourite was the Polish Stibor of Stiboricz) which resulted in his imprisonment, in 1401, by the discontent members of the Royal Council led by the Archbishop John Kanizsai, but he managed to conclude a new agreement with some members of the Royal Council who set him free.
The public law of the kingdom also started to differentiate the descendants of the "barons of the realm", even if they did not held any higher offices, from other nobles: the Act of 1397 referred to them as the "barons' sons" (, ) while later documents called them "magnates" (, ). From the 1430s, the "magnates" received the honorific "magnificus", an expression that had earlier been used only when addressing the "barons of the realm".
During his reign, King Sigismund granted several royal castles and the royal domains attached to them to the members of the barons' leagues; by 1407, the number of royal castles decreased from 111 to 66. The king, however, wanted to strengthen his position and for this purpose, in 1408, he founded the Order of the Dragon, a chivalric order whose 22 members ("e.g.", the Palatine Nicholas II Garai, count Hermann II of Celje and the "Despot" Stefan Lazarević) swore fidelity to the king, his queen and their future children.
Some signs of the increasing self-consciousness of the "magnates" appeared in the 1420s. Some of them commenced to use names that referred to the high office their ancestors had held; "e.g.", the members of the Losonci family started to call themselves "Bánfi" meaning the "son of a Ban" in reference to their forefather who had been the Ban of Dalmatia and Croatia. Other magnates clearly referred to their descent from former "barons of the realm" in their deeds or used noble titles (such as "count" or "duke") abroad following the example of the western nobility although the public law of the kingdom did not accept their claim to distinctive titles.
When King Sigismund's son-in-law, Albert I (1437–1439) was proclaimed king, he had to take a solemn oath that he would exercise his prerogative powers only with the consent of the Royal Council. Following King Albert's death, a civil war broke out between the followers of his posthumous son, King Ladislaus V (1440–1457) and the partisans of his opponent, King Vladislaus I (1440–1444). Between 1440 and 1458, the Diet was convoked in each year (with the exception of 1443 and 1449) and it was involved in the legislative process of law-making: the bills were passed by the Diet before receiving the Royal Assent. When the monarch (or the regent) convoked the Diet, he sent a personal invitation to the prelates, "barons of the realm" and "magnates" and they attended in person at the assembly, while other nobles were usually represented by their deputies. Consequently, the Diets were dominated by the "magnates" not only because of their personal presence, but also because of the tendency that the counties elected their partisans as their own delegates.
In 1445, the Diet elected seven Captains General (, ) in order to govern the kingdom during the absence of King Vladislaus I (who actually had fallen in the Battle of Varna). In 1446, the assembly of the Estates proclaimed John Hunyadi to Regent and he was to govern the realm in cooperation with the Estates until 1453 when King Ladislaus V returned to the kingdom.
John Hunyadi was the first temporal "magnate" who received a hereditary title from a king of Hungary: in 1453, King Ladislaus V appointed him the hereditary head (, ) of Beszterce county (now "Bistriţa" in Romania) and thus he became a count in the sense similar to the title's usage in the western countries. Although, some of the immigrant "magnates" had already used honorary titles before and they were often mentioned even in official documents with a reference to their title, but their title was granted by foreign monarchs and the public law in the Kingdom of Hungary did not recognize any special privileges connected to it.
The legal separation of the hereditary aristocracy.
John Hunyadi's son, Matthias I (1458–1490) was proclaimed to king by the Estates, but he had to wage war against Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor who claimed the throne for himself. Several magnates supported the emperor's claim and proclaimed him to king against King Matthias; the emperor rewarded the brothers Sigismund and John of Szentgyörgy and Bazin with the hereditary noble title "count of the Holy Roman Empire" in 1459 and thus they became entitled to use red sealing wax. Although the Counts Szentgyörgyi commenced to use their title in their deeds, but in the Kingdom of Hungary, public law did not distinguish them from other nobles. 
King Matthias I also rewarded his partisans with hereditary titles and appointed them hereditary heads of counties: John Vitovec became the hereditary head of Zagorje county in 1463; Emeric Szapolyai received the honor of Szepes county in 1465; in 1467, Nicholas Csupor de Monoszló and John Ernuszt were appointed to hereditary head of Verőce county and Turóc county respectively; in the 1480s, Nicholas Bánffy de Alsólendva and Peter and Matthias Geréb received such hereditary titles. The hereditary heads of counties were entitled, similarly to the "counts of the Holy Roman Empire", to use red sealing was. Moreover, during his reign, all the members of the wealthier families descending from the "barons of the realm" received the honorific "magnificus" which was a next step towards their separation from other nobles.
In 1487, a new expression appeared in a deed of armistice signed by King Matthias: 18 families were referred to as "natural barons of Hungary" (, ) in contrast to the "barons of the realm" who were still the holders of the highest offices in the public administration and the Royal Households. One of the 19 families (the Újlaki family) was styled "duke" in the deed, while other four families were styled "count" - the latter group included the Szentgyörgyi family which suggests that King Matthias accepted the title his opponent had granted to them.
During the reign of King Vladislaus II (1490–1516), the Diet unambiguosly expressed that certain noble families were in a distinguished position and mentioned them as barons irrespectively of the office they held. The Diet prescribed that the barons were to arm soldiers pursuant to the number of the landed villeins who lived on their domains which prove that by that time, public law had acknowledged their special legal status and their privilege to use distinctive titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19140176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140176" title="Lee Sang-Il (footballer)">
Lee Sang-Il (footballer)

Lee Sang-Il (; born 25 May 1979) is a South Korean football Midfielder, who last played for Changsha Ginde in Chinese Super League. His previous club was Beveren, Germinal Beerschot in Belgium and Daegu FC, Chunnam Dragons at South Korean K-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19140181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140181" title="Leo Soileau">
Leo Soileau

Leo Soileau (1904–1980) was one of the most prolific Cajun recording artists of the 1930s and 1940s. He recorded over 100 songs, which was a substantial amount considering the reluctance to record the music during its early stages. His first recording was made in 1928, when he joined fellow musician Mayeus Lafleur in recording what is widely considered only the second documented recording of the genre, "He Mon". After Lafleur was killed in a quarrel over moonshine just two weeks after the recording, Leo began recording with fellow accordionist Moise Robin. Leo recorded Cajun music until the start of World War II, when his label, Decca, decided to stop recording Cajun artists. He continued to perform with his group The Rhythm Boys until the end of the decade, when he left the music business altogether. He died on August 1980, in the same place he was born, Ville Platte, LA.

</doc>
<doc id="19140190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140190" title="Adorata">
Adorata

Adorata is The Gutter Twins' eight-song EP, released initially as an iTunes exclusive on September 2, 2008. Within a couple of weeks, Adorata was released in DRM-free, 320kbit/s MP3, a superior audio quality in comparison to iTunes, through the Sub Pop Records website. The EP was mostly recorded during sessions for their first album, Saturnalia.

</doc>
<doc id="19140204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140204" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1956–1958">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1956–1958

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1956 to 21 May 1958. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19140225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140225" title="Abhishek Kapoor">
Abhishek Kapoor

Abhishek Kapoor is an Indian film actor, writer and director.
He started his career as an actor in "Uff! Yeh Mohabbat" in 1996, opposite Twinkle Khanna, directed by Vipin Handa, and after two more films, he made his directorial début with "Aryan" in 2006 
In 2008, he directed "Rock On!!", for which he also wrote the screenplay based on his own story. The film also marked the acting debut of Farhan Akhtar and went on to become a success, bringing not just accolades but also a Filmfare Award in 2009.
Personal life.
Kapoor is the cousin of the actor Tusshar Kapoor and producer Ekta Kapoor. His mother is the sister of the popular Bollywood actor Jitendra (Ravi Kapoor) .

</doc>
<doc id="19140250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140250" title="Fleet Street (disambiguation)">
Fleet Street (disambiguation)

Fleet Street is a street in London, England.
Fleet Street may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19140255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140255" title="William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock">
William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock

William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock is a historic district in New York.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The historic district's boundaries were increased in 1994, with the increase named William Miller Farm Historic District or alternatively as William Miller Chapel Boundary Increase.

</doc>
<doc id="19140282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140282" title="Acidonia">
Acidonia

Acidonia microcarpa is a species of shrub in the plant family Proteaceae. It is endemic to the south coast of the Southwest Botanic Province of Western Australia.
It was originally published by Robert Brown in 1810 as a species of "Persoonia". In 1975, Lawrence Alexander Sidney Johnson and Barbara G. Briggs erected the genus "Acidonia", transferring a great many "Persoonia" species into it. Later, the circumscription of "Acidonia" was changed to include only "A. microcarpa".
However, unpublished data indicates "Acidonia", "Garnieria" and "Toronia" all lie within the large genus "Persoonia".

</doc>
<doc id="19140290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140290" title="Fight at Aldie">
Fight at Aldie

The Fight at Aldie was a small cavalry skirmish between Confederate forces under Major John S. Mosby and Union forces under Major Joseph Gilmore and Captain Franklin T. Huntoon in Aldie, Virginia, on March 2, 1863, as part of Mosby's Operations in Northern Virginia during the American Civil War. The fight which resulted in a Confederate victory was significant in that it was the first action of Mosby's Rangers within their operating territory in the central Loudoun Valley. In the fight Mosby and his men displayed many characteristics that would become their hallmark including the attack on numerically superior force while inflicting disproportionate casualties to those received.
Background.
On January 24, 1863, Maj. Gen. J.E.B. Stuart dispatched his scout John S. Mosby and 15 of his cavaliers to the lower Loudoun Valley in Fauquier County to conduct operations against Union forces occupying Northern Virginia. On January 28, the small band met at Mount Zion church, east of Aldie and set on their first raid against Federals in Chantilly. During the next month, Mosby and his men raided into Fairfax County twice more, besting larger Federal forces each time. On March 2, in response to the raids, Colonel Sir Percy Wyndham dispatched 200 troopers of the 18th Pennsylvania under Major Joseph Gilmore from Fairfax towards Middleburg to find and capture Mosby and his men. In the town, the Union force, many of whom were reportedly drunk, began searching local residences and arresting citizens in an attempt to smoke out Mosby's men. When this proved to be unsuccessful, Gilmore threatened to burn the town. Residents of the village, pleaded with Gilmore to spare them, claiming to have no knowledge of the whereabouts of Mosby's men. Gilmore apparently believed them and withdrew with his command east, toward Aldie. At Aldie, the 18th Pennsylvania encountered a 50-man detachment of the 1st Vermont on similar patrol in Loudoun. The drunken Major Gilmore mistook the 1st Vermont for Confederates and ordered a retreat. The 1st Vermont, overtook the 18th Pennsylvania and the mistake was recognized. The 18th Pennsylvania informed the 1st Vermont of their failure to locate Mosby and then withdrew for Fairfax, while the 1st Vermont returned to Aldie to water their mounts.
The fight.
The Federal raid on Middleburg did not go unnoticed by Mosby. As soon as the Federals left the town, he quickly assembled as many men as possible, totaling between 17 and 28, and then set out towards Aldie in pursuit. As Mosby's men entered the village from the west, they spied the dismounted 1st Vermont. Mosby immediately ordered a charge and with a yell the Confederates bore down on the Federals, taking them by surprise and sending most of them into a wild retreat. In the midst of the charge, Mosby lost control of his horse and was forced to jump off, losing it to the Federals. During the fight Captain John W. Woodward of the 1st Vermont had his horse shot out from underneath him, pinning him to the ground. One of Mosby's men ran towards him to shoot him, but Woodward was able to draw a concealed pistol and shoot his assailant. Believing that Woodward had already surrendered when he fired the shot a few of Mosby's men rushed in to execute him, but Mosby, who witnessed the affair, quickly interceded, taking the captain prisoner.
Aftermath.
Despite losing his horse, Mosby and his men handled themselves well, capturing 19 Federals, including two captains and 23 horses, while suffering only one wounded. In response to the raid into his territory, Mosby planned another raid on Federals in Fairfax to capture the cavalry commander Sir Percy Wyndham on March 9. The result of this action would be Mosby's most famous exploit of the war, the Stoughton Raid. In addition, for defending the town of Middleburg and severely embarrassing the Federals sent to raid it, Mosby and his men won the admiration of the town's citizens, who had to this point been weary of the partisans. The support of the people of the Loudoun Valley would become one of Mosby's greatest assets for the duration of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19140293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140293" title="Seimas of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania">
Seimas of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania

Seimas ("Sejm", "Sojm", ) was an early parliament in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. It was active from 1445 to 1569, when it was officially abolished by the Union of Lublin. The Seimas was an irregular gathering of the Lithuanian nobility, called as needed by the Grand Duke or during an interregnum by the Lithuanian Council of Lords (an early government). The meetings would usually last one or two weeks. Seimas gradually evolved from a meeting of the most powerful magnates to a full legislative institution representing all of the nobility. The Seimas was not the main political player as it was overshadowed by the Council of Lords. The Union of Lublin created a new state, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and joined the Seimas of Lithuania with Sejm of Poland into one Sejm of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. However, the Seimas continued to convene under the name of Lithuanian Convocation. In total there were 40 Seimas and 37 Convocations.
History.
The first traces of large nobility meetings can be found in the Treaty of Salynas of 1398 and the Union of Horodło of 1413. It is considered that the first Seimas met in Hrodna in 1445 during talks between Casimir IV Jagiellon and the Council of Lords. Soon influence of the nobility grew as Casimir's privileges released "veldamas", dependent peasants, from their taxes to the state. That meant a significant increase in nobility's revenue. As the Muscovite–Lithuanian Wars raged the country almost continuously between 1492 and 1582, the Grand Duke needed more tax revenues to finance the army and had to call the Seimas more frequently. In exchange for cooperation, the nobility demanded various privileges, including strengthening of the Seimas. 
At first the Seimas did not have the legislative power. It would debate on foreign and domestic affairs, taxes, wars, state budget. At the beginning of the 16th century, the Seimas acquired some legislative powers. The Seimas could petition the Grand Duke to pass certain laws. The Duke usually granted the request as he needed nobility's support and cooperation. At first members of the Seimas were members of the Council of Lords and high state officials. Only gradually all interested nobles could attend the meetings. No invitation was necessary to attend. As the importance of Seimas grew, nobles from more distant regions started electing representatives from their districts and sending them to the meeting. However, the Seimas was dominated by the magnates as they were much more politically active and lesser nobles were more passive observers. However, gradually the lesser nobles understood that the Seimas gave them power to block new taxes and by mid-16th century they started to demand more privileges for themselves. Thus the Seimas shifted from magnate-controlled political tool to a representation of all nobles. This shift was influenced by a similar movement in Poland.
Major reforms were carried out between 1564 and 1566, just before the Union of Lublin. According to the Second Statute of Lithuania, the Seimas acquired full legislative powers. It was composed of two houses: the upper house, called Senate, was the equivalent to the former Council of Lords and the lower house was made up of representatives of each district of the state. No longer any member of the nobility could participate: each of the 28 powiats could send only two delegates. It started a tradition of local Seimas (called "seimelis") to elect the representatives.
When the separate Seimas for Lithuania was officially abolished in 1569, it adopted the name of Lithuanian Convocations and continued to meet until the partitions of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1795. It debated matters concerning the Grand Duchy of Lithuania or tried to establish a common position among Lithuanian delegates before departing for the Sejm of the Commonwealth. The convocations retained basic structures (upper and lower houses) and procedures of the Seimas: each powiat could send only two representatives. Convocations were called by the Grand Duke, who also ratified its decisions and included them in official law books.

</doc>
<doc id="19140299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140299" title="88-Keys production discography">
88-Keys production discography

The following is a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by 88-Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="19140300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140300" title="Elena Miramova">
Elena Miramova

Elena Miramova (pronounced Yell-AH-na Mee-RAH-mova; 27 May 1901 – 8 July 1992) was a Russian-born actress and playwright.
Beginnings and training.
Elena Miramova was born in 1901 in Tsaritsyn, Russian Empire (currently, Volgograd, Russia), and emigrated to New York City with a brother who died when she was eleven years old. She worked at a nightgown factory to support herself until a wealthy family with an interest in theatre discovered her and helped put her through school; she graduated from the University of California and then attended the experimental Cornish School in Seattle. Her training there formed the basis of a successful theatrical career. Nellie Cornish, founder of the school, legally adopted her as her daughter.
While at the Cornish School she met the Russian singer and director, Vladimir Rosing, who had come there to teach a four-week master class. The close relationship with Rosing would continue in New York, London and later in California.
Early performances.
She married the producer Frederic Theodore Rolbein and traveled through Europe with him, winning acclaim with several roles she performed in England and in continental Europe.
She played Bianca in the 1931 play "Anatol", which played 16 January 1931 to Feb 1931 at London's Lyceum Theatre to mixed reviews. Later that year, she appeared for three weeks in the play "Grand Hotel" at the Adelphi Theatre, after the lead Eugenie Leontovich fell ill and left the production for a short rest. Despite Miramova's brief time in the role, she was spotlighted as "outstanding in a cast of clever players," and her portrayal of the Russian ballerina Grusinskaya was hailed as "a thing of sheer beauty."
In the following year she appeared in another Russian leading role in London. "The Stage" (3 Nov. 1932) praised her "impassioned and most spirited" Vera Levine, a Russian-Jewish émigrée returning to the U.S.S.R., in F. L. Lucas's "The Bear Dances" (Garrick Theatre, Oct.-Nov. 1932), the first dramatisation of the Soviets on the West-end stage.
Returning to New York after her husband died, she found that her strong Russian accent typecast her as a "Continental actress" in the American theatre and limited the roles she was offered; her fortunes took a downward turn, and she recalled during a later interview how she had been barred from a hotel room for non-payment while rehearsing a show.
Later roles.
Despite the above concerns, she was next cast as Theodora in the comedy "Theodora, the Quean" (the word "quean" meaning "harlot"), which had five performances at Philadelphia's Forrest Theatre, beginning 31 January 1934. Her next appearance was in Scarborough, New York in the play "Short Story" in September 1934. The next year, she played Marianne Pentland in the drama "Times Have Changed," from 25 February 1935 to March 1935. She then went to Ann Arbor, Michigan for the Ann Arbor Festival in May 1937, where she played in the comedy "Tovarich", and that same year, starred in "Lucrezia Borgia", which opened 9 August 1937 at the Wharf Theatre in Provincetown.
By the time she appeared as Mrs. Carroll in the 1937 drama "The Two Mrs. Carrolls", at Pittsburgh's Nixon Theatre, Miramova had already "pretty much taken London by storm" in past performances of the play. She then performed briefly in Ogunquit, Maine in the show "Fata Morgana", during the week of 11 July 1938. Afterwards, she starred in the two-person show "Close Quarters", which opened 6 March 1939 and ran for six shows at the John Golden Theatre in New York. Finally, she appeared in the Berkeley Theatre Festival in April 1941.
Miramova the writer.
Frustrated with her career difficulties and pondering the quirks of the Russian character, Miramova decided in 1940 to write her own play, with custom-tailored roles for herself and two of her fellow Russian-American actresses. In collaboration with Eugenie Leontovich, her long-time friend with whom she had shared "Grand Hotel"'s starring role in 1931, she wrote the comedy "Dark Eyes" and submitted the script to producer Ben Hecht for an opinion. The play went into production in 1942, premiered in January 1943, and enjoyed a six-month run at the Belasco Theatre in New York. In March 1943, Warner Brothers purchased the film rights to the play. Miramova earned $250,000 in the transaction, but the planned movie was never made.
In addition to its theatrical success, "Dark Eyes" also provided a rare insight into Miramova's psyche. She played the character Tonia Karpova, and during a 1943 interview with "The New York Times", she described both herself and her stage alter-ego as "not a plate of sex appeal, but kind, metaphysical, and trying very hard to keep a belief in God"; the interviewer characterized Miramova, like Tonia, as delicately feminine, intelligent, strong, and enduring.
She began work on a second play in 1944, a comedy about a mother and daughter, but this work apparently was never completed.
Marriage and final years.
In May 1945, she married army captain Byron Carr Moore in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. Her theatrical career seems to have ended at this time, as no further mention of her in print sources in English can be found. She spent the winter of 1946-7 in Iceland, where her husband had been hired by the recently founded Icelandic airline Loftleiðir to train their first pilots. During the year that Miramova spent in Iceland, she was a regular visitor to the house of Halldór Laxness, who received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1955. Miramova gave at least one private reading of her "new play" at Laxness' house. In her memoirs, Laxness' wife Auður fondly remembers Miramova, whom she calls "one of those enchanting women one can never forget".
Elena Miramova Moore died in Ventura, California on 8 July 1992, at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="19140311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140311" title="Nicolette Bird">
Nicolette Bird

Nicolette Bird is an Indian actress and model, and has had roles in the Bollywood films “Rock On,” released in 2008, and “Striker,” released early 2010. As a model, she has appeared in television commercials and magazine advertisements in India. Nicolette graduated from Bhawanipur Education Society College, an affiliate of the University of Calcutta.
She is a daughter of Edwina Bird and Nicholas Bird of Calcutta. Her father, who is retired, was a jockey in India. Her mother is a consultant in Calcutta for Databazaar.com, an office supply company based in Miramar, Fla.
Nicolette Bird was introduced to her spouse, Ravi Mehta, by a mutual friend at a Mumbai hotel in February 2008. He was on a business trip and was about to return to the United States (Mehta, who was born in Colorado and grew up in Japan, went back to Mumbai every couple of months on business, and they began seeing each other).
Career.
She has done many ad campaigns and music videos, and was seen in Rock On!! as Tanya. She was also seen in the Amaan and Ayaan Ali Khan music video called "Pathway To The Unknown."She has also done some ads for Honda Shire, Garnier, Elle 18, Maruti Swift, Doy Care, and has also featured in an item song in the Telugu movie Boss, I Love You. Her next movie was Striker, a Hindi flick in which she played Noori, a conservative Muslim girl.

</doc>
<doc id="19140319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140319" title="Li Hui">
Li Hui

Li Hui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19140342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140342" title="Brydekirk">
Brydekirk

Brydekirk (Scottish Gaelic: "Eaglais Bhride") is a village in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland located approximately 2.5 miles north of Annan. 
The village sits adjacent to the River Annan, and was the concept of the Paisley Dirom family of Mount Annan and building started about 1822

</doc>
<doc id="19140343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140343" title="Secretary of State of Rhode Island">
Secretary of State of Rhode Island

The Secretary of State of Rhode Island is an elected office in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. As of 2008, the current Secretary of State is A. Ralph Mollis.
The Office of the Secretary of State is composed of five separate divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="19140348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140348" title="The Portraitist">
The Portraitist

The Portraitist is a 2005 Polish television documentary film about the life and work of Wilhelm Brasse, the famous "photographer of Auschwitz", made for TVP1, Poland, which first aired in its "Proud to Present" series on January 1, 2006. It also premiered at the Polish Film Festival, at the West London Synagogue, in London, on March 19, 2007.
Background.
In August 1940, when he was 23, after fleeing the Nazi occupation of Żywiec, his home town in southern Poland, Wilhelm Brasse was captured at the Polish-Hungarian border and deported to KL Auschwitz-Birkenau, as prisoner number 3444. Trained before the beginning of World War II as a portrait photographer at his aunt's studio, he was ordered by his SS supervisors to photograph "what they told him to photograph: prisoners' work, criminal medical experiments, portraits of the prisoners for the files." Brasse has estimated that he took about 40,000 to 50,000 "identity pictures" from 1940 until 1945, before being forcibly moved to another concentration camp in Austria, where he was liberated by the American forces in May 1945.
While all of Brasse's photographs are not extant, 40,000 that did survive are kept in archives, with some on display, at the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum, and at Yad Vashem, the Holocaust Martyrs' and Heroes' Remembrance Authority, Israel's official memorial to the Jewish victims of the Holocaust, and some of the Auschwitz-Birkinau State Museum archival photographs and related iconography are presented visually in the film, with narration through interviews with Brasse.
Synopsis.
"Portrecista" ("The Portraitist") examines the life and work of Wilhelm Brasse, who had been trained as a portrait photographer at his aunt's studio prior to World War II and passionately loved taking photographs. After his capture and imprisonment by the Nazis at Auschwitz concentration camp in 1940, at the age of 23, he was forced to take "identity pictures" of between approximately 40,000 to 50,000 other inmates between 1940 and 1945. With "courage and skill", documenting "cruelty which goes beyond all words ... for future generations", after his liberation at the end of World War II, Brasse "could not continue with his profession" and would never take another photograph.
In "Portrecista" Brasse relates the "story behind some pictures in the State Museum archives that he remembers taking," which is "illustrated with archive stock and iconography."
Production details and screenings.
Written, directed, and edited by Irek Dobrowolski, produced by Anna Dobrowolska for TVP1, Poland, and filmed by cinematographer Jacek Taszakowski, this documentary film, starring Wilhelm Brasse (as himself), was first shown in the "Proud to Present" series on the Polish television station TVP1 on January 24, 2006, and then was shown at the Warsaw International Film Festival's "Jewish Motives" division, where it won the Grand Prix "Golden Phoenix of Warsaw" and at the 46th Kraków Film Festival, where it won the National Competition Silver "Lajkonik". Its English premiere as "The Portraitist" was at the Polish Film Festival, at West London Synagogue, in London, on March 19, 2007, with a second screening by popular demand, on April 22, 2007, and, after the premiere, the audience participated in a "Q&A" with Dobrowolski and Brasse.
It was also screened at other Polish film festivals throughout Europe and film festivals in North America and garnered some additional awards.
Selected critical responses.
In her 2004 book "Photographing the Holocaust: Interpreting the Evidence", published a year before the release of this film, Auschwitz historian Janina Struk recounts "the history of the use and abuse of Holocaust photographs", asking "whether or not these images can serve as 'evidence', as true representations of the events they depict." Struk's viewpoint is controversial and provocatively illustrates different ways in which film reviewers and other audience member may approach and understand this documentary about "the portraitist" of Auschwitz.
Previewing the film, in his April 2007 profile of Brasse, "Returning to Auschwitz: Photographs from Hell", Keane writes: "Brasse has left us with a powerful legacy in images. Because of them we can see the victims of the Holocaust as human and not statistics. ... The photographs are the work of a man who fought to keep his humanity alive in a place of unimaginable evil."
The film program of Contact 2008, the Toronto Photography Festival, held throughout the month of May, in Toronto, Canada, where "The Portraitist" was shown on May 10, says that "Brasse tells his story with chilling simplicity and haunting detail", noting that "Some images may disturb."
In reviewing the Contact 2008 screening, Fran Schechter observes that "Director Ireneusz Dobrowolski mixes the recollections of the now elderly survivor Brasse with a gallery of mug shots and SS portraits and wartime film footage of ghettos and concentration camps." Schechter notes: "Any Holocaust testimony has an impact", but adds: "this film could have delved deeper into the question of why the Nazis made photographs and other documentation of people they considered expendable", and is left wondering: "Were they proud of their savage efficiency, or using photography to normalize their actions?" Such questions lead to another controversial subject: "the roots of Nazi psychology", the title of a 2000 book by Jay Y. Gonen.

</doc>
<doc id="19140350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140350" title="Joseph Andre Garcia">
Joseph Andre Garcia

Joseph Andre Garcia is a Filipino child actor. At his young age, he already started his career in showbiz. He first appeared on television when he was 5 years old. During summer vacation, he started as a product endorser and commercial model and made several commercials. His most recent projects were in ABS-CBN's "Kung Fu Kids" and "Dyosa".
During the typing of "Kung Fu Kids (KFK)", it usually takes him about 34 takes to perfect one action sequence. But Enrico Santos, KFK Business Unit head quickly clarifies that "It is not a question of Chubbs' ability as a kid actor, because he is very good, convincing." "The show just requires much more from everyone -- the production to the creative teams to the cast. "
Appearances.
At the early age of five, Andre Garcia started his career on the television . He become a commercial model and product endorser. He also appeared on the television as TV guest in ABS-CBN programs, like in the Boy & Kris, ASAP '08, Wowowee, Wonder Mom, Entertainment Live, etc. Also, he made a several mallshows around Metro Manila and provinces together with the other cast of Kung Fu Kids.
Kung Fu Kids (2008).
Kung Fu Kids is the first live anime fantaserye series of Andre Garcia. He played the role of Chester “Chubbs” Trinidad also known as Kid Chubby. He is the lovable son of Mr. Thomas Trinidad (Christopher Roxas) and Mrs. Lydia Trinidad (Arlene Muhlach). Also, he is the best friend of Waldo "Lembot/ Lem" Ramos Jr (Jairus Aquino). 
In this series, he has the ability to make any force applied to his tummy bounce back to repel enemies and has his fighting style of a turtle. Ampng the eight Kung Fu Kids, he is the only one that don't have a weapon. His attack chant is "Super Chao Bite and Supreme Siopao Attack".
A Very Special Love (2008).
After the Kung Fu Kids, Andre Garcia got his first movie entitled A Very Special Love starring John Lloyd Cruz and Sarah Geronimo. In this movie, he played the role of the younger brother of Sarah Geronimo.
Dyosa.
Andre Garcia got his second time on ABS-CBN fantaserye television series which Dyosa starring Anne Curtis, Sam Milby, Luis Manzano and Zanjoe Marudo. In this drama series, he is playing the role of Venus son of Huling (Rubi Rubi) and Miong (Jojit Lorenzo) and a younger brother of Josephine (Ann Curtis). His name in this fantaserye is feminine because according to the story, his mother, Huling, thought that she will give birth to a female child so they gave him the name of Venus.

</doc>
<doc id="19140364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140364" title="Let's Go Get Stoned (R&amp;B song)">
Let's Go Get Stoned (R&amp;B song)

"Let's Go Get Stoned" is a song originally recorded by The Coasters in May 1965. It was written by Nickolas Ashford, Valerie Simpson, and Josephine Armstead.
It was a 1966 #1 R&B hit for American recording artist Ray Charles. The single was released shortly after Charles was released from rehab after a sixteen-year heroin addiction. It is notable for being one of Ashford & Simpson's first successful compositions together; the duo also penned Charles' "I Don't Need No Doctor".
Other Covers.
King of the World (Dutch) on their album Can´t go home (2013)
Bonnie Bramlett recorded the song on the album "Lady's Choice" Capricorn Records c. 1976

</doc>
<doc id="19140377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140377" title="Cargenbridge">
Cargenbridge

Cargenbridge is a hamlet located in Dumfries and Galloway, United Kingdom southwest of Dumfries.

</doc>
<doc id="19140381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140381" title="Koel Purie">
Koel Purie

Koel Purie Rinchet (born 25 November 1978 in Delhi, India) is an Indian film actress who made her debut with Rahul Bose's directorial venture "Everybody Says I'm Fine!" in 2001 and later featured in "Road to Ladakh" starring alongside Irrfan Khan. She attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Purie hosts a talk show "On The Couch With Koel" on the Indian news channel Headlines Today. Purie is the daughter of media tycoon Aroon Purie. 

</doc>
<doc id="19140382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140382" title="Koji Mise">
Koji Mise

Koji Mise (三瀬 幸司 "Mise Koji", Born March 11, 1976 in Kagawa Prefecture, Japan) is a left-handed relief pitcher for the Chunichi Dragons in Nippon Professional Baseball's Central League. He was named the Pacific League's Rookie of the Year for 2004, with 55 appearances, throwing 67 and 2/3 innings, a 4-3-1 record and a 3.06 ERA with 28 saves. His nickname is "Mise manager".

</doc>
<doc id="19140400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140400" title="Iowa Central Community College">
Iowa Central Community College

Iowa Central Community College is a community college located in Fort Dodge, Iowa, United States, with satellite campuses in Webster City and Storm Lake. It was created in 1966 by the merger of Fort Dodge Community College with two other nearby schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19140403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140403" title="Caoling">
Caoling

Caoling () is a Taiwanese travel spot located in Yunlin County, Gukeng Township. It is to above sea level. The area measures approximately one thousand hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="19140408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140408" title="Eli Madigan">
Eli Madigan

Eli "Mad Dog" Madigan (born 26 September 1984) is an Australian Welterweight Muay Thai kickboxer, fighting out of Mad X Gym in Sunshine Coast, Queensland.
Biography and career.
Eli has fought fighters such as Soren Monkongtong, Matsui, Zidov and Frankie Giorgie. Eli will be competing in a four man elimination on an Evolution event in December to try qualify for "The Contender Asia" Series 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19140410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140410" title="Gauge Change Train">
Gauge Change Train

The Gauge Change Train (GCT) or is the name given to a Japanese project started in 1994 to develop a high-speed train with variable gauge axles to allow inter-running between the standard gauge Shinkansen network, and the narrow gauge regional rail network.
Two three-car "GCT" electric multiple unit (EMU) trains have been built for testing. The first train was built in 1998 and withdrawn in 2006. A second train was built in 2006, and a third-generation train is scheduled to commence testing in 2014.
First-generation train (1998–2006).
The first GCT train was completed in October 1998. It was designed to be able to run at a maximum speed of over on Shinkansen lines, and at over on conventional narrow-gauge lines under a catenary voltage of 25 kV AC (50/60 Hz), 20 kV AC (50/60 Hz), or 1,500 V DC.
The train was formed as follows:
After preparation at the Railway Technical Research Institute (RTRI) in Kokubunji, Tokyo, the train was moved to JR West tracks in January 1999 for testing on the Sanin Line at speeds of up to . From April 1999, the train was shipped to the Transportation Technology Center in Pueblo, Colorado, United States for an extended period of high-speed endurance running until January 2001. Here, it recorded a maximum speed of and ran a total distance of approximately , with approximately 2,000 axle gauge changing cycles.
In November 2002, the train recorded a maximum speed of on the Nippo Main Line in Kyushu.
From May to June 2003, the train was tested for the first time in Shikoku, running late at night on the Yosan Line between Sakaide Station and Matsuyama Station.
Testing on the Sanyo Shinkansen commenced on 23 August 2004 between and stations, delayed from the initial plan for testing to start during fiscal 2002. A series of 15 return test runs were conducted late at night between 23 August and 27 October 2004, starting at a maximum speed of on the first day. The maximum speed was increased to on the second day, eventually raised to on the final day.
Testing ended in 2006, after which the train was stored at JR Kyushu's Kokura Works. In April 2007, the train was moved to storage at JR Shikoku's Tadotsu Works. Two of the cars were cut up on-site, but one car, number GCT01-1, was moved to Kawasaki Heavy Industries' Kobe factory in February 2014.
Second-generation train (2006–).
Initially scheduled to be completed in 2004, the second train was delivered in 2006, starting test running based at JR Shikoku's Tadotsu Works. In March 2007, the train was shipped from the RTRI in Kokubunji to Kokura Works, where it was shown off to the press in May 2007.
This train is based on the E3 Series Shinkansen, and includes passenger seating in the intermediate car. Maximum speed is on Shinkansen lines operating under 25 kV AC (60 Hz), and on conventional lines operating under 20 kV AC (60 Hz) or 1,500 V DC.
The train is formed as follows:
The end cars are long, and the intermediate car is long.
From December 2007, test-running commenced on conventional tracks between Kokura Works and Nishi-Kokura Station.
From June 2009, the train underwent test-running between the Kyushu Shinkansen and conventional narrow gauge tracks, operating at speeds of up to on shinkansen tracks.
In 2011, the train was fitted with new lighter weight "E" bogies to improve stability and ride comfort when negotiating curves or points with radii of less than 600 m. These replaced the previous "D" bogie design. Late night test running took place at speeds of up to on the Yosan Line from August 2011, with the train based at Tadotsu. Endurance testing was then undertaken from October 2011 until September 2013 on the Yosan Line between and , during which time it accumulated approximately 100,000 km.
Third-generation train (2014–).
A new, third-generation, train is scheduled to be delivered in fiscal 2014, and this will undergo "three-mode" (standard-gauge - gauge-changing - narrow gauge) endurance testing.

</doc>
<doc id="19140412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140412" title="Lü Yin">
Lü Yin

Lü Yin (呂諲) (712–762), formally Count Su of Xuchang (須昌肅伯), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Suzong. Historians often regarded him as being more capable as a regional governor, later in his career, than as a chancellor.
Before serving as chancellor.
Lü Yin was born in 712, around the time when Emperor Xuanzong became emperor. His family was from Pu Prefecture (蒲州, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) and traced its ancestry to the ruling Jiang clan of Qi during the Spring and Autumn Period. Lü himself was said to be ambitious and studious in his youth, but was poor and could not support himself. A wealthy man from his locale, Cheng Chubin (程楚賔) was impressed with Lü's talent and believed that he would one day be successful, and Cheng decided to give his daughter to Lü in marriage. After the marriage, both Cheng Chubin and his son Cheng Zhen (程震) supported Lü financially, allowing Lü to visit the Tang Dynasty capital Chang'an.
Early in Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742-756), Lü passed the imperial examinations and was made the sheriff of Ningling County. The surveyor of the circuit, Wei Zhi (韋陟), was impressed with Lü's talent and recommended him to serve as deputy surveyor. Later, Geshu Han, the military governor ("jiedushi") of Longyou (隴右, headquartered in modern Haidong Prefecture, Qinghai) and Hexi (河西, headquartered in modern Wuwei, Gansu) Circuits invited him to serve on staff as treasurer. While serving under Geshu, it was said that Lü was careful and hardworking, and at times, when his colleagues would be spending time out of the office, Lü would be in his office to review the files. This diligence caused Geshu to favor him more.
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing) and quickly attacked south, capturing the Tang eastern capital Luoyang and establishing a new state of Yan. Geshu was commissioned to try to block Yan advances at Tong Pass, but was defeated there in 756, forcing Emperor Xuanzong to flee Chang'an to Chengdu. Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng, however, did not follow him to Chengdu, but instead fled to Lingwu, where he was proclaimed emperor (as Emperor Suzong), an action that Emperor Xuanzong later recognized. Lü, who had been still serving under Geshu at the time Geshu was defeated, fled to Lingwu as well. After the eunuchs Zhu Guanghui (朱光輝) and Li Zunzou (李遵驟) recommended him, Emperor Suzong met him and was impressed with him, and thus made him deputy chief imperial censor (御史中丞, "Yushi Zhongcheng"), often listening to his advice. After Emperor Suzong moved his headquarters to Fengxiang (鳳翔, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) in 757, he made Lü the deputy minister of defense (武部侍郎, "Wubu Shilang") and further allowed Lü to wear a gold and purple robe, generally reserved for higher-ranking officials. After Emperor Suzong recaptured Chang'an and Luoyang later in 757, Lü was one of the officials, along with Li Xian and Cui Qi (崔器), who adjudicated the cases of former Tang officials who had submitted to Yan as subjects. It was said that both Lü and Cui were harsh while Li Xian was more merciful, and that Lü's harshness brought much disdain for him.
As chancellor.
In spring 759, Lü Yin, then still deputy minister of defense, was given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto", and he was also made in charge of the examination bureau of government (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") even though he carried no official responsibility at the examination bureau. (This was part of a reorganization of Emperor Suzong's administration, as Emperor Suzong simultaneously also made Li Xian, Li Kui, and Diwu Qi chancellors while removing Miao Jinqing and Wang Yu.) In summer 759, after his mother died, he left public service briefly, but was recalled to the same posts three months later, and was additionally given the office of special taxation emissary (度支使, "Duzhi Shi"). He was also created the Count of Xuchang and made "Huangmen Shilang" (黃門侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau. In early 760, Emperor Suzong gave him the greater chancellor "de facto" designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Sanpin" (同中書門下三品) and awarded him a ceremonial ji (halberd). Lü, believing it to be inappropriate to receive such honors in mourning clothes, took off his mourning clothes -- and this drew much criticism from others.
During the time that Lü served as chancellor, he drew further criticism by making his father-in-law Cheng Chubin a deputy minister and brother-in-law Cheng Zhen a junior official. Further, he had a close association with the eunuch Ma Shangyan (馬上言). When Ma received the bribe from a reserve official who sought to be the sheriff of Lantian County (藍田, near Chang'an), he requested Lü to make that person the sheriff of Lantian County. Lü did so. When this was discovered in summer 760, Emperor Suzong, in anger, battered Ma to death and had Ma's subordinates consume his flesh. Lü was not killed, but was removed from his chancellor position, to serve on the staff of Emperor Suzong's crown prince Li Yu instead.
After serving as chancellor.
Two months later, Lü Yin was made the secretary general at Jing Prefecture (荊州, roughly modern Jingzhou, Hubei), as well as the military governor of the five surrounding prefectures. Once he was at Jing Prefecture, he requested that Emperor Suzong designate the prefectural capital Jiangling as a special municipality and the southern capital. Emperor Suzong agreed and converted Jing Prefecture into Jiangling Municipality, making Lü its mayor. Further, at Lü's request, he also ordered 3,000 soldiers to be stationed at Jiangling to block off any potential rebellions in the region. Further, he also added seven prefectures to Lü's area of responsibility.
Prior to Lü's arrival, his office was occupied by the general Zhang Weiyi (張惟一). Zhang, however, was often intimidated by his subordinate Chen Xi'ang (陳希昂) -- who controlled his own private army at his home prefecture of Heng Prefecture (near modern Hengyang, Hunan) and ruled it as a private fief. On one occasion, Chen, who had an enmity with his colleague Mou Suijin (牟遂金), took his own soldiers into Zhang's mansion, demanding that Zhang order Mou beheaded. Zhang, in fear, ordered Mou's execution, and thereafter, Chen dominated the affairs at headquarters. When Lü arrived at his post, he initially ingratiated Chen by recommending him for promotion, and then killed him by a surprise attack. Lü was thereafter able to control headquarters.
On another occasion, there had been a sorcerer Shen Taizhi (申泰芝), who ingratiated the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo by using sorcery on Li Fuguo's behalf. Through Li Fuguo's influence, Shen was made a commanding army officer at Dao Prefecture (道州, in modern Yongzhou, Hunan). Shen was corrupt and extorted much wealth from the local non-Han population. Pang Chengding (龐承鼎), the prefect of nearby Tan Prefecture (潭州, in modern Changsha, Hunan), had long been angry about Shen's corruption, and on one occasion, when Shen was in Tan Prefecture, Pang apprehended him and seized the ill-gotten gains, and then submitted an accusation against Shen. Both Shen and Pang were taken to Chang'an, and because of Shen's association with Li Fuguo, Li Fuguo cleared him and accused Pang of false accusations. He ordered Lü to investigate. Lü had his subordinate Yan Ying (嚴郢) investigate and submit a report clearing Pang and confirming Shen's guilt. Emperor Suzong, influenced greatly by Li Fuguo, however, ordered Pang executed and Yan exiled. Lü strenuously objected, despite the dangers in doing so, but was unable to save Pang or Yan at that point; this, however, made people much more respectful of Lü, and ultimately, Shen's guilt was shown, and he was executed while Pang was posthumously restored.
While Lü was chancellor, he had a poor relationship with his colleague Li Kui. As Lü gained a good reputation while at Jing Prefecture, Li Kui was displeased. Li Kui therefore proposed that armies under Lü's command be disbanded, arguing that the region did not need soldiers, and also often sent examiners to Lü's region of responsibility, seeking to find Lü's faults. Lü reported this to Emperor Suzong and defended himself. As a result, Li Kui was removed from his chancellor position and demoted to be a prefect. Lü died in 762 and was given posthumous honors.
The "New Book of Tang" had this commentary about Lü:
While serving at Jing Prefecture, Lü also heard about the talents of the officials Du Hongjian and Yuan Zai and recommended them. Both later became chancellors.

</doc>
<doc id="19140416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140416" title="Warren Elson">
Warren Elson

Warren "Wazza" Elson (born ca. 1981) is an Australian middleweight kickboxer, fighting out of Sunshine Coast, Queensland.
Biography and career.
Warren Elson has fought fighters such as Bruce Macfie and Soren Monkongtong. Wazza was a former world champion kickboxer. Warren Elson retired from the sport however, made a comeback on 15 November 2008 on a detonation event and won his fight. Elson is scheduled to fight in Evolution 15 in a four man tournament which has a prize of entering the contender Asia season 2 reality show.

</doc>
<doc id="19140420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140420" title="Duncan Dam">
Duncan Dam

Duncan Dam is a dam spanning the Duncan River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Duncan Dam was the first dam built to satisfy the Columbia River Treaty, initiated after the 1948 flood along the lower Columbia, which proved fatal at Vanport City, Oregon and other locations. Construction began in 1965 and was completed in 1967. It is an earthfill dam with no power generation facilities. It was built as a storage facility, controlling the flow of water from the Duncan River into the Kootenay Lake reservoir. 
The reservoir's storage is over 50% greater than Kootenay Lake. The reservoir is usually filled by August. The Duncan river drainage basin is 2,400 square kilometers. The dam regulates 10% of the water in the Kootenay River basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19140421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140421" title="Lu Yin">
Lu Yin

Lu Yin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19140426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140426" title="Lee Ho-Jin">
Lee Ho-Jin

Lee Ho-Jin (; born 9 March 1983) is a South Korean football defender. He has also played for Spanish club Racing de Santander, South Korean club Incheon United, Finnish club JJK, Thai Premier League club Insee-Police Utd and South Korean second-tier Korea National League side Goyang Kookmin Bank FC.
Career.
He joined Racing de Santander in February 2006, but he suffered from injuries. His La Liga debut was 24 May 2006, in the last game of the 2005–2006 season against Villarreal CF. After two years at the club, he transferred to Incheon United.
He has had a tryout with the Finnish club FC Haka who wanted Lee to play as a left back, but he was not signed. In March 2009 he joined Finnish club JJK on a tryout. He was loaned to FC Jyväskylä Blackbird in August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19140455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140455" title="Gabie Flowers">
Gabie Flowers

Gabriella (Gabie) Flowers (born September 29, 1992) is an Mexican-American actress and singer. She was born in Sonora, Mexico. Her first TV appearance was on a local channel singing a Barney song. For a time, she had a popular webshow on Justin tv.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19140475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140475" title="Hoy Ya Me Voy">
Hoy Ya Me Voy

"Hoy Ya Me Voy" ("Today I Leave") is an award-winning, Latin Pop song and the first single of Puerto Rican new artist Kany García, from her debut album "Cualquier Día". The song has received heavy airplay in Puerto Rico. The song received a nomination for the Latin Grammy Song of the Year.
Song information.
This song as of Garcia, tells the story of an unrequited love, there comes a point where one of the two people have to say goodbye and depart. ""Hoy Ya Me Voy"" was one of the very first song Kany wrote for her debut album. The song became Kany's breakthrough single. The song became a worldwide hit. It receive nominations for many awards and nominations including Latin Grammys a nomination for "Song of the Year" and Billboard Latin Music Awards, winning ""Latin Pop Airplay Song of the Year, New Artist"".
Music video.
"Hoy Ya Me Voy" is Kany's first music video. The concept of the video just Garcia in a movie set. The video starts off Kany laying on a sofa singing wearing a dress and hat. As she walks towards the camera, she starts taking the dress off, revealing a top and a mini skirt. She follows the camera while playing with her guitar name Gibson. The video ends with the face of Kany in black and white. The music video was shot in one continuous way. The video was made in Churubusco, México, a legendary Movie set and was directed by Alexis Gudino. In Kany's word, she wanted the video to be simple, a video that her fans could enjoy.
The video received airplay in MTV Tr3s, hTV, Pepsi Musica and became an instant hit on Mun2s Top 20 videos. It received heavy rotation in Univision morning countdown.
Chart success.
"Hoy Ya Me Voy" proved to be a moderate success in the Latin Charts in the United States, peaking within the top 25 of the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs and top five in Billboard Latin Pop Airplay which helped Kany win the 2008 Billboard Latin Music Awards for "Latin Pop Airplay, Song of the Year/New Artist". "Hoy Ya Me Voy" entered the Billboard Hot Latin Songs at #42, it moved to #22 the following week and fell of two spaces the next week. The song stayed in Billboard Hot Latin Songs for 13 non-consecutive weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19140491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140491" title="Unfair Dealing">
Unfair Dealing

Unfair Dealing is an independent 2008 documentary film produced by Canadian broadcaster David Weingarten. The film was originally marketed to an online audience.
The film alleges that the terrorism charges brought against the "Toronto 18" were largely exaggerated or fabricated by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) and Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) in order to justify the controversial Canadian Anti-Terrorism Act, and increased funding for security and law enforcement.
Areas of controversy.
Suspicious timing/circumstances surrounding the arrests.
The film refers to an article in "Maclean's" magazine, in which Muslim politician Wajid Khan tacitly admits that surveillance on at least one suspect was the result of him speaking out against Canada's role in the War in Afghanistan.
The film also scrutinizes the politically sensitive timing of the arrests, since they were carried out shortly before a Parliamentary Review of Canada's Anti-terrorism Act.
Another issue raised in the film is the history of scandals surrounding the RCMP and previous dirty trick tactics, as well as their previous unsuccessful attempts to arrest large groups of Canadians under the guise of combating terrorism.
The film examines the sensational media-coverage of the "Toronto 18", and strongly criticizes the roles and motivations of two informants involved in the case.
The informants.
One police informant who assisted in the arrests is Mubin Shaikh. Shaikh was reportedly in charge of accompanying some of the accused on a camping trip, where they played paint-ball in a forest north of Toronto. Shaikh has contradicted his claims that this camping trip was a terrorist training camp.
The other informant is in witness protection. In 2006, he was identified as an Egyptian in his 20s, with a degree in agricultural engineering. According to the CBC, "the young mole's degree in agricultural engineering could have given the alleged conspirators access to much larger quantities of ammonium nitrate than they could have purchased at ordinary retail outlets." Some critics say this fact could foreshadow the use of entrapment as a defense, since the informants actions facilitated the purchase of bomb-making materials that the suspects would have been otherwise unable to acquire.
However, the courts found that both agents did not entrap the suspects.
Other controversies.
"Unfair Dealing" raises the issue of abuse in the prisons where the remaining "Toronto 18" suspects are being held. The film points to the fact that some suspects have been in solitary confinement for almost two years, which is considered by some to be a form of cruel and unusual punishment.
Another issue raised in the film is treatment of the prisoners, specifically Steven Vikash Chand, who the CBC reports was allegedly hit on the face, "then dragged... naked along a hallway by his hair and (thrown) into a bare cell smeared with feces and smelling of urine."
"Unfair Dealing" also casts suspicion on the proximity of an RCMP detachment to a warehouse where the suspects allegedly had bomb-making materials delivered, which is within 800 meters of the Toronto North RCMP Detachment in Newmarket, Ontario.
Accuracy.
Since the release of "Unfair Dealing", several claims in the film have been proven true through court proceedings. The informant Mubin Shaikh has admitted that the attendees of an alleged terrorist training camp North of Toronto were actually unaware of any terrorist plans to attack Canada, as is alleged in the documentary. It has also been revealed through court proceedings that Shaikh purchased a rifle and ammunition for some of the accused at the behest of Zakaria Amara, and instructed some of them on how to use a handgun that was present during a winter camping trip at the instruction of Faheem Ahmad.
The film’s portrayal of informant Shaher Elsohemy as a financially motivated informant, whose participation was integral to the success of the bomb-plot, has also proven accurate. Notes from the Canadian Security Intelligence Service have confirmed that Elsohemy was motivated out of “money” and “spite”, citing an attempt by Elsohemy to defraud a previous employer for disability benefits.
Court has also heard that Elsohemy was hired for the explicit purposes of enticing the suspects with his credentials in agricultural engineering, facilitating the purchase of bomb-ingredients, and providing a warehouse for the storage of bomb-making materials, confirming previous reports focused on in the documentary.
Production team.
David Weingarten is a Toronto-area broadcaster who has worked with CIUT-FM and CBC Radio One.
Adil Lakhani is the co-producer of "Unfair Dealing". He is a radio-personality with CIUT-FM, and is originally from Mississauga.

</doc>
<doc id="19140506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140506" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1958–1960">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1958–1960

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1958 to 21 May 1960. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 
The "Constitution Acts Amendment Act (No.2) 1963" (No.72 of 1963) affected all terms concluding after 1962, as well as the provinces which members represented.

</doc>
<doc id="19140516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140516" title="Gary Imhoff">
Gary Imhoff

Gary Imhoff (born August 27 1952) is an American actor. He was a teacher at Milton Katselas' Beverly Hills Playhouse. He teaches The Professional Artists Workshop and The Musical Artists Workshop in Los Angeles. He is probably best known for providing the voice of Prince Cornelius in the Don Bluth film "Thumbelina" and Harry Osborn in the 1994 "" animated television series.

</doc>
<doc id="19140520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140520" title="Shane Davis">
Shane Davis

Shane Davis is an American comic book artist.
Career.
Davis broke into the industry in 2003 at DC Comics by illustrating "Robin" #110 and a spot illustration in "JLA-Z" #3. The following year he illustrated other DC titles including "Nightwing" #88 and "Wonder Woman" #201, as well as the Marvel Comics' book "Marvel Halloween Ashcan 2004". In the ensuing years he illustrated a variety of books for both publishers, such as "Marvel Age Hulk", "Action Comics" and "Batman". One of his more notable "Batman" stories was 2006's "Batman Annual" #25, which featured the return story of Jason Todd. That same year he illustrated Jay Faerber's series, "Noble Causes" #17, for Image Comics. Davis also drew the miniseries "Mystery in Space" vol. 2, written by Jim Starlin and featuring Captain Comet.
In 2007 Davis illustrated the first issue of the JLA/JSA crossover storyline "The Lightning Saga", and then became the penciller for "Superman/Batman" for issues #44-49. In 2008, Davis was tapped by writer Geoff Johns to be the artist for a "Final Crisis" tie-in one-shot entitled "Rage of the Red Lanterns", which featured a lead-up to a story in the main "Green Lantern" title and its 2009 crossover "Blackest Night". Davis' worked with writer J. Michael Straczynski on an original graphic novel starring Superman titled "" published in 2010. A second volume of "Superman: Earth One" was released in 2012.
Shane Davis' projects are the graphic novel "Shadow Walk" for Legendary Comics and a Batman story for the "" series.

</doc>
<doc id="19140521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140521" title="William S. Hutchings">
William S. Hutchings

William S. Hutchings, (Born in New York, Jan. 7, 1832, died August 25, 1911) also known as Professor Hutchings and the Lightning Calculator, was a 19th-century math prodigy and mental calculator who P. T. Barnum first billed as the "Boy Lightning Calculator". He later worked as a sideshow barker and wrote a book called "The Lightning Calculator".
External links.
T. Allston Brown's History of the American Stage Biographical Sketches 1733 - 1870 (circus related)

</doc>
<doc id="19140532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140532" title="True North (Law &amp; Order)">
True North (Law &amp; Order)

"True North" is the 190th episode of NBC's legal drama "Law & Order", and the ninth episode of ninth season.
Plot.
The investigation of the murders of a man and his daughter leads to the man's wife, a Canadian citizen who flees across the border when she is identified as a suspect. Schiff initially agrees to take capital punishment out of consideration in return for extradition, but when further evidence indicates a pattern of depravity, he and McCoy retract the promise. Although the consulate intervenes on the defendant's behalf, she is found guilty and sentenced to death.

</doc>
<doc id="19140546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140546" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1960–1962">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1960–1962

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1960 to 21 May 1962. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 
The "Constitution Acts Amendment Act (No.2) 1963" (No.72 of 1963) affected all terms concluding after 1962, as well as the provinces which members represented.

</doc>
<doc id="19140576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140576" title="Yoo Hyeong-Jong">
Yoo Hyeong-Jong

Yoo Hyeong-Jong (born December 6, 1985; ) is a South Korean football forward. He is currently a free agent.
Career.
In 2007 Yoo Hyeong-Jong played for Yangju FC in the South Korean amateur K3 League. He spent the 2008 season in Sportakademklub of Russian First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19140596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140596" title="Tossing and turning">
Tossing and turning

Tossing and turning may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19140610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140610" title="TmsEKP">
TmsEKP

tmsEKP is a suite of content management, enterprise portal, organisational collaboration, document management, e-Learning, content syndication, human resource, project management and helpdesk software developed by The Media Shoppe.
tmsEKP was released in early 2003. It was developed on tmsFRAMEWORK, an application development framework (built on Java) developed by The Media Shoppe funded under the MSC Malaysia Research and Development Grant Scheme (MGS).
In 2004, tmsEKP won the International APICTA Award for Best of General Applications category held on December 10 in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="19140623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140623" title="Nuclear Politics in America">
Nuclear Politics in America

Nuclear Politics in America is a 1997 book by Robert J. Duffy. According to Duffy, the "promise and peril of nuclear power have been a preoccupation of the modern age", who was then an assistant professor of political science at Rider University. The book discusses the controversy over radioactive waste disposal, licensing procedures relating to the Atomic Energy Act, and the effects of deregulation of electric utilities. By analysing policy frameworks and describing the process by which regulatory change occurs, "Nuclear Politics in America" offers a perspective on policymaking in America.

</doc>
<doc id="19140628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140628" title="Leodamas of Thasos">
Leodamas of Thasos

Leodamas of Thasos (c. 380 BC) was a Greek mathematician and a contemporary of Plato, about whom little is known.
There are two references to Leodamas in Proclus's "Commentary on Euclid":
"At this time time also lived Leodamas of Thasos, Archytas of Tarentum, and Theaetetus of Athens, by whom the
"Plato, it is said, taught this method to Leodamas, who is also reported to have made many discoveries in geometry by
and one in Diogenes Laertius' "Lives and Opinions of Eminent Philosophers", Book 3 (Plato):
"He was the first to explain to Leodamas of Thasos the

</doc>
<doc id="19140638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140638" title="Burau representation">
Burau representation

In mathematics the Burau representation is a representation of the braid groups, named after and originally studied by the German mathematician Werner Burau during the 1930s. The Burau representation has two common and near-equivalent formulations, the reduced and unreduced Burau representations.
Definition.
Consider the braid group to be the mapping class group of a disc with marked points . The homology group is free abelian of rank . Moreover, the invariant subspace of (under the action of ) is primitive and infinite cyclic. Let be the projection onto this invariant subspace. Then there is a covering space corresponding to this projection map. Much like in the construction of the Alexander polynomial, consider as a module over the group-ring of covering transformations Laurent polynomial. As such a -module, is free of rank . By the basic theory of covering spaces, acts on , and this representation is called the "reduced Burau representation". 
The "unreduced Burau representation" has a similar definition, namely one replaces with its (real, oriented) blow-up at the marked points. Then instead of considering one considers the relative homology where is the part of the boundary of corresponding to the blow-up operation together with one point on the disc's boundary. denotes the lift of to . As a -module this is free of rank . 
By the homology long exact sequence of a pair, the Burau representations fit into a short exact sequence
where (resp. ) is the reduced (resp. unreduced) Burau -module and is the complement to the diagonal subspace, in other words: 
and acts on by the permutation representation.
Relation to the Alexander polynomial.
If a knot is the closure of a braid , then the Alexander polynomial is given by where is the reduced Burau representation of the braid .
Faithfulness.
The first nonfaithful Burau representations are found without the use of computer, using a notion of winding number or contour integration. A more conceptual understanding interprets the linking or winding as coming from Poincaré duality in first homology relative to the basepoint of a covering space, and uses the intersection form (traditionally called Squier's Form as Craig Squier was the first to explore its properties). Stephen Bigelow combined computer techniques and the Long-Paton theorem to show that the Burau representation is not faithful for .
The Burau representation for has been known to be faithful for some time. The faithfulness of the Burau representation when is an open problem.
Geometry.
Squier showed that the Burau representation preserves a sesquilinear form. Moreover, when the variable is chosen to be a transcendental unit complex number near it is a positive-definite Hermitian pairing, thus the Burau representation can be thought of as a map into the Unitary group.

</doc>
<doc id="19140642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140642" title="Count Primo Magri">
Count Primo Magri

Count Primo Magri (1849–1920) and Count Rosebud were the stage names of a 19th-century Italian dwarf who married Lavinia Warren, the widow of General Tom Thumb on Easter Monday, April 6, 1885 at the Church of the Holy Trinity in New York. 
Career.
At 2ft 8in tall Magri was two inches shorter than Lavinia's first husband. Together they operated a famous roadside stand in Middleborough, Massachusetts, and with their troupe composed of other dwarves as well as people of regular height travelled the world, performing plays such as "The Rivals" and "Gulliver Among the Lilliputians" before the public and royalty, including Queen Victoria.
Magri's supposed twin brother, Giuseppe (or Ernesto) Magri (1850-?), also a dwarf, used the stage names "Baron Magri" and "Baron Littlefinger".
While the military and aristocratic titles that P. T. Barnum gave his dwarves were fantasy titles, it is claimed that the Count was given his title by Pope Pius IX.
The Magris are said to have had very expensive tastes, and were therefore forced to exhibit themselves into old age. He appeared in a 1915 silent film, "The Lilliputian's Courtship", along with his wife, Lavinia Warren.
Death.
Count Primo Magri died in 1920 at Middleborough, Massachusetts aged 71 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19140655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140655" title="Ernest Prater">
Ernest Prater

Ernest Prater (1864–1950) was a noted English artist and book illustrator, notable also for his work as a war correspondent and reportage artist during the Anglo-Boer War.
Life and works.
Prater was born in Islington in London, of Cornish descent. He began his working life as a publisher's clerk and took up drawing. 
He served for a period with the 3rd Middlesex Artillery. He became a Boer War correspondent for The Sphere, sending back illustrations from the battlefield. He also worked for the Black & White Budget and The Graphic newspapers. As well as being an illustrator, he was an adept photographer. He contributed illustrations to the Strand Magazine, Pall Mall Gazette and Boy's Own Paper and for books published by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, the Religious Tract Society, Carey Press, Sheldon Press and others. 
Prater specialised in illustrating boys' adventure stories. Among the well-known authors whose works he illustrated were G.A. Henty, R.M. Ballantyne, W.H.G. Kingston, Percy F. Westerman, Frank T. Bullen, Tom Bevan, Herbert Hayens and Bessie Marchant.
He was noted for his painting "The Last Pass: A Thrilling Moment in a Rugby Match"'.
He also collaborated with Sidney Paget, the illustrator for the Sherlock Holmes books by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. One such drawing was the funeral for Queen Victoria (location unknown). 
In 1911 he was living at Newquay, The Leas, Westcliff in the parish of Prittlewell. His occupation is Artist Illustrator B and W. Living in the household are his wife Florence Alice Prater and their children Gladys Alma (11), Marie Lilian Marguerite (9), Minnie Winifred (6), Ruby Albina (3) and Raleigh Brandon (1).

</doc>
<doc id="19140661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140661" title="Bert Pearson (American football)">
Bert Pearson (American football)

Madison "Bert" Pearson (March 22, 1905 – May 1945) was a professional American football player. Pearson played eight years in the National Football League, mainly for the Chicago Bears. He was an offensive lineman. He was born in Manhattan, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="19140670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140670" title="Shree Venkatesh Films">
Shree Venkatesh Films

Shree Venkatesh Films is a media and entertainment company headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal. Apart from producing and distributing Bengali films, SVF has distributed Bollywood and Hollywood films in eastern India. The other divisions of the company include Exhibition, TV Production, Digital Cinema, Music, Home Video and IPR syndication. SVF has been in Anandabazar Patrika's powerlist for two years 2008 & 2010.
Background.
Shree Venkatesh Films (SVF) was started in 1996 by Shrikant Mohta and Mahendra Soni, who transformed it into one of the biggest media and entertainment houses in Eastern India.
In the Filmed Entertainment space, SVF has following divisions: Production, Distribution, Exhibition, Digital Cinema and Music and Online Store.
Film production.
Shree Venkatesh Films Pvt Ltd is one of the biggest integrated Production house in Eastern India. Till date it has produced around 59 films including National Award winning films like Memories in March Chokher Bali and Raincoat, blockbusters like Sasur Bari Zindabad, Sathi, Minister Phatakesto, Champion, Jackpot, Chirodini Tumi Je Amar, Poran Jai Joliya Re, Josh and Awara etc., critically acclaimed films like Autograph, Iti Mrinalini, Memories in March, Baishe Srabon, Prem Amar, Hemlock Society, Royal Bengal Rahashya and much awaited films like Chitrangada-The Crowning Wish, .
Digital cinema.
In January 2008, Shree Venkatesh Films entered into a partnership with industry leaders Real Image Media Technologies Pvt. Ltd. to exclusively bring their Qube Digital Cinema(TM) technology to Eastern India. This initiative introduced a Digital cinematic experience for audiences in West Bengal for the first time on a larger scale catering to Category B and Category C towns as well.
Digital Cinema is a revolutionary change in the way movies are distributed, delivered, and projected in cinema halls with high quality, high definition, powerful and flexible Digital Cinema system. Digital prints can be distributed via physical media such as external Hard Drives and/or Satellite instead of conventional 35mm film reels.
With the mission of digitizing all the theatres in Eastern India, V-Digital has successfully installed Digital projection of cinema onto the theatres. This has not only improved the quality of cinema projection but is also leased a new life to the almost dead, defunct and discarded cinema halls.
Today, V-Digital has achieved ‘digitization’ of over 200 cinema halls across West Bengal, making it one of the fastest rollouts of Digital Cinema anywhere in India.
Distribution.
The Distribution wing of the company has released over 125 Hindi films in Eastern India in addition to its home productions. Blockbuster Bollywood films like Bombay, Khamoshi, Josh, Company, Devdas, Baghban, Munna Bhai MBBS, Hungama, Khakee, Tere Naam, Bhoot, Murder, , Black to the popular films like Shaitan, Dabangg, Dil to Baccha Hain Ji and latest films like Gangs Of Wasseypur, Cocktail etc. features amongst its releases. Hollywood hits like , , Rio, Black Swan, The King's Speech and much awaited films like Twilight-Breaking Dawn Part 1 and Abraham Lincoln-The Vampire Hunter. Housing its own Editing Studio and an Exhibition unit with over 200 theatres under its wings, including all the three multiplexes in the city is another step forward to boost Production and Distribution activities.
Television.
In the television space, SVF has co-promoted Media Worldwide Pvt. Ltd and its four leading channels: Music India, Sangeet Bangla, Sangeet Bhojpuri and Music India UK. The company has also been producing prime-time shows for Star Jalsha, ETV Bangla, Rupashi Bangla and Mahua Bangla, Sanada TV including shows like Maa (the highest TRP show in West Bengal), Behula, Durga, Bandhan, I Laugh You, Sindur Khela, Janmantar, Mrs Singha Roy, Bisharjan, Sangsar Sukher Hoy Ramanir Guney and Bodhu Kon Alo Laglo Chokhe.

</doc>
<doc id="19140680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140680" title="Icon (Icon album)">
Icon (Icon album)

Icon was the self-titled debut album by the heavy metal band Icon. It included their biggest metal radio hit song, "On Your Feet".

</doc>
<doc id="19140701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140701" title="Alias (board game)">
Alias (board game)

Alias is a board game, where the objective of the players is to explain words to each other. Hence, Alias is similar to Taboo, but the only forbidden word in the explanations is the word to be explained. The game is played in teams of varying size, and fits well as a party game for larger crowds. The game is very competitive.
"Alias" has been developed in Finland and is produced by Nelostuote Oy under the brand name Tactic. The game has been on the market since the early 1990s and is one of the most popular party games in Finland. Along the years, many different versions of the board game have appeared: As well as the "New Alias", the "Alias" family currently also includes the "Junior Alias" for children, the "Alias" travel game, and as the newest introduction, DVD "Alias".
The name.
The name "Alias" comes from the word "alias", meaning "also known as".
Basic "Alias".
The board in "Alias" is a "path" consisting of sequential curving numbers on a red background. The game contains 8 numbered groups. The game is divided into turns of about one minute of length. The teams play in turns, and on each team's turn, one of the team members has to explain words on word cards to the other team members. The other team members take guesses at the word, and words that have been correctly guessed earn the team one point per word. Explanation mistakes (meaning the explainer uses the word to be explained, part of it, or a derivative of it), and words passed over without being guessed take points away. The players move on the board as many places as they have earned points on their turn. If, for example, the team lands on the number 7, the word to be explained from the cards is word number 7. The first team to reach the goal wins. The game is recommended for players over 7 years.
"New Alias".
The "New Alias" is a version of "Alias", where the words are divided into 8 classes: 1. Things and Concepts, 2. People and Professions, 3. Adjectives, 4. Verbs. The numbered classes can include anything whatsoever. The game board's base colour is red and the squares of each category are played in turns.
"Special Alias".
On the flip side of the "New Alias" board is the "Special Alias" version of the board game: the rules are otherwise the same as in "New Alias", but the game has different classes: The world around us, Sports and exercise, Entertainment and culture, and Sayings and quotes. The classes Entertainment and culture and Sayings and quotes have special explanations, meaning that the first card contains a hint related to the word, and in the second card, the word to be explained is part of a saying or quote and the word to be explained is replaced, for example, with the word "beep". Both classes also contain normal explanations.
"Junior Alias".
"Junior Alias" is otherwise like the normal "Alias", except there are also pictures to be explained and the words have been chosen to fit for children. The red colour of the board has been replaced with yellow, and the appearance is more child-friendly. This game is recommended for players over 5 years.
DVD "Alias".
The DVD version of "Alias" is hosted by Marco Bjurström, and as well as word explanations, the game includes exercise. The game takes over an hour. A television and a DVD player are needed to play the DVD version of "Alias".

</doc>
<doc id="19140703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140703" title="Ookie Miller">
Ookie Miller

Charles Lewis "Ookie" Miller (November 11, 1909-August 7, 2002) is a former professional American football player. Miller played seven years in the National Football League, mainly for the Chicago Bears. He was an offensive lineman.

</doc>
<doc id="19140709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140709" title="Automated sales suppression device">
Automated sales suppression device

An automated sales suppression device or zapper is a software program that falsifies the electronic records of point of sale (POS) systems for the purpose of tax evasion.
Function.
Most jurisdictions levy a sales tax or a value added tax on commercial transactions such as sales in stores or food served in a restaurant. These transactions are now most often recorded by a POS system rather than a mechanical cash register. The POS system records are generally not alterable by the operator and are used as the basis of tax assessments and audits by tax authorities.
Because POS systems are increasingly designed as general purpose computers (as of 2008, 85% worldwide were reported to run Microsoft Windows), arbitrary software can be run on them. A "zapper" is a software program, often run untraceably from a USB flash drive, that accesses the POS system records and allows the owner of a business to alter the records so as to make it credibly appear that fewer transactions have occurred than has actually been the case. This reduces the tax burden on the business, which is generally proportional to the volume of the transactions.
Government responses.
The use of zappers is illegal and may be subject to criminal penalties. However, according to a 2008 New York Times report, governments worldwide have yet to find effective means of prosecuting their use. A European Union committee on cash register fraud has been established, and legislation mandating tamper-proof POS systems has been proposed in Germany in 2008 (INSIKA) and introduced in Quebec, Canada, on September 1, 2010.
In Canada, legislation aimed at suppressing zappers is in effect since 1 January 2014. A first offence will lead to a $5,000 fine, and subsequent infractions to a $50,000 fine. Persons in possession of zappers could be fined up to $50,000, and developers or sellers up to $100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19140710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140710" title="George Palaiologos">
George Palaiologos

George Palaiologos or Palaeologus () was a Byzantine general, one of the most prominent military commanders and supporters of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081–1118). 
He was the son of the first known member of the Palaiologos family, the "strategos" of Mesopotamia Nikephoros Palaiologos. His wife Anna Doukaina was the sister of Eirene Doukaina, the wife of Alexios I Komnenos, making him the emperor's brother-in-law. As Alexios Komnenos' leading general and close friend, he played an important role in his campaigns, especially the Battle of Dyrrhachium against the Normans or the Battle of Levounion against the Pechenegs. He was the chief source used by Anna Komnene in her "Alexiad" on her father's battles, and is very favourably portrayed by her in her book as both capable and loyal.
Family.
George had a younger brother, Nicholas. Through his marriage to Anna Doukaina, he had four sons: 

</doc>
<doc id="19140716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140716" title="V8 (JavaScript engine)">
V8 (JavaScript engine)

The V8 JavaScript Engine is an open source JavaScript engine developed by Google for the Google Chrome web browser. It has since seen use in many other projects. , the head programmer is Lars Bak. The first version of the V8 engine was released at the same time as the first version of Chrome, September 2, 2008.
V8 compiles JavaScript to native machine code (IA-32, x86-64, ARM, or MIPS ISAs) before executing it, instead of more traditional techniques such as executing bytecode or interpreting it. The compiled code is additionally optimized (and re-optimized) dynamically at runtime, based on heuristics of the code's execution profile. Optimization techniques used include inlining, elision of expensive runtime properties, and inline caching, among many others.
Details.
The garbage collector of V8 is a generational incremental collector. The V8 assembler is based on the Strongtalk assembler. On 7 December 2010, a new compiling infrastructure named Crankshaft was released, with speed improvements.
Usage.
V8 is intended to be used both in a browser (notably in Chrome and Chromium browsers) and as a standalone high-performance engine that can be integrated into independent projects, for example server-side JavaScript in Node.js, or client side JavaScript in .NET/Mono using V8.NET.

</doc>
<doc id="19140736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140736" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1962–1965">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1962–1965

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1962 to 21 May 1965. 
Significant changes occurred to the structure of the Legislative Council and the manner of voting during the term. The "Constitution Acts Amendment Act (No.2) 1963" (No.72 of 1963) abolished the 10 three-member provinces which had existed almost unaltered since 1900, and created 15 new two-member provinces. Voting became compulsory and the property franchise was abolished, and the practice of having separate Legislative Council elections in May of every even-numbered year was abolished—the Council's members would now go to the voters at the same elections as members of the Legislative Assembly, although the rotational system where one member per province would retire at each election remained in effect, and unlike the Assembly, the Council's term still expired on 22 May every three years.
A number of transitional arrangements were necessary to put these changes into effect. Those who had terms expiring on 21 May 1964, and five of the ten whose terms were to expire on 21 May 1966 (those who had the lowest winning margins at the 1960 election) would retire on 21 May 1965. The remaining 15 members were eligible to be appointed to new provinces for terms expiring on 21 May 1968. Five of the 15 members whose terms expired in 1965 opted to retire—George Bennetts (Labor), Anthony Loton (Country), Reg Mattiske (Liberal), James Murray (Liberal) and John Teahan (Labor).

</doc>
<doc id="19140739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140739" title="Johnny Love (producer)">
Johnny Love (producer)

Johnny Love is an electronic music producer, DJ, hipster, former member of Superstars of Love and member of Guns 'n' Bombs and Deathface from Los Angeles.
Biography.
Johnny Love was born in Chicago in 1983 and moved to Los Angeles in 2006. While in Chicago he helped promote electronic music such as Chicago house, electro, disco, and italo disco by throwing events and DJing in and around Chicago, most famously at the now defunct Jerkstore, located at the intersection of Damen and Milwaukee in the Wicker Park neighborhood on Chicago's Near West Side.
Jerkstore and Opaque Era.
The Jerkstore was a collaborative effort between electronic musician Atomly and Love and was part of the vibrant alternative space scene of Chicago, along with the now defunct bUDDY Gallery and Texas Ballroom spaces. Opened in the fall of 2004, it served as the launching point for The Opaque Project, a collective of likeminded electronic musicians from around the country, its ranks included Hefty's Eliot Lipp, Warp's Jimmy Edgar, Ghostly's Jeffrey Sfire, Biobooster, Biz3's Brendan Telzrow, Flosstradamus' Curt Camerucci, Mahjongg's Hunter Husar, Hyper Viper's Joel Brown and of course Atomly and Love himself.
The Opaque Project was the first to introduce artists from various electronic music subgenres, from minimal techno to disco to french touch, including: Alexander Robotnik, Boys Noize, Misc, Jaques Renault, MSTRKRFT, Chromeo, Maurice Fulton, DJ Assault, Freeform 5, Justice and Superpitcher, to Chicago, while contemporary scenes in other major cities were still focusing on indie rock to fuel their parties.
The Opaque Project had actually come into existence 3 years prior at the University of Chicago. Co-created with Mike Kuszynski and under the tutiledge of former rave promoters and mentors Luis Aguilera and Hiroko "Biobooster" Yamamura, and first gaining notoriety with Love's 2004 loft party celebrating his 20th birthday and induction into International DeeJay Gigolo act, Superstars of Love, on Chicagos North side that was attended by 1000 people and was eventually raided by police and landed Love in jail for the first of his many encounters with the Chicago Police Department. 
The Jerkstore came to an unfortunate end in the winter of 2006 via a crackdown by the City of Chicago on alternative spaces, but not before gaining a reputation as a den of sin, with the Chicago Reader once saying, "Every Jerkstore event I've been to has had more half-naked people than the last." 
Love, along with DJ Brendan Telzrow, musician Omar Mashal, and head of legendary art & music space Texas Ballroom, Jesse Batesole attempted to open a new space located at Milwaukee and Western adjacent to the Western Blue Line stop called "The Western Front" only to have a large undercover police operation end the grand opening party and arrest Telzrow, thereby ending the alternative space era of Chicago, and leading to Love's escape to Los Angeles to receive treatment for his hepatitis c.
Guns'n'Bombs.
Love moved to Los Angeles at the behest of friend and fellow DJ Filip Nikolic to work on music. The group quickly produced two songs, "Nothing Is Getting Us Anywhere" and "Crossover Appeal," and were offered a record contract over MySpace by Gildas Loaec, the founder of Kitsune Records and co-manager of Daft Punk, becoming the first Americans to be accepted into the then current French Touch electro scene. GNB's debut single was released in 2007, and they quickly began receiving remix requests, and their treatments of songs by Chromeo, the Teenagers, and the Gossip became popular blog favorites and club staples. Pitchfork Media declared that GNB's debut album "should make a serious impact on the culture of U.S.-bred dance music," and the Montreal Mirror said "Unpretentious and unforgivingly badass, L.A.'s Guns 'n' Bombs (including an Ima Robot member) single-handedly put the United States outside New York back on my techno map, blow current German electro standards out of the water and give Paris’s New French Touch a run for its money."
Deathface.
Citing some irreconcilable differences,Guns'n'Bombs split, with Johnny moving in a darker more dubstep driven direction with the project called Deathface and being signed by Drop the Limes label, Trouble & Bass.
Love currently lives in "The Bloghouse" located in the Elysian Valley neighborhood of Los Angeles, along with Acid Girl's Jaime McNeil, Harvard Bass and DJ Paparazzi.

</doc>
<doc id="19140750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140750" title="Africana philosophy">
Africana philosophy

Africana philosophy is the work of philosophers of African descent and others whose work deals with the subject matter of the African diaspora. 
Africana philosophy includes the philosophical ideas, arguments and theories of particular concern to people of African descent. Some of the topics explored by Africana philosophy include: pre-Socratic African philosophy and modern day debates discussing the early history of Western philosophy, post-colonial writing in Africa and the Americas, black resistance to oppression, black existentialism in the United States, and the meaning of "blackness" in the modern world.
Lucius Outlaw writes:
Professional philosophers in the areas of ethics, social philosophy, political philosophy, philosophy of biology, semantics, critical race theory, and postcolonialism are currently exploring Africana philosophy. The American Philosophical Association has 10,000 members in North America. It is estimated that only 100 of its members in North America are of African descent.
Lewis Gordon writes:
Branches of Africana philosophy.
Branches include: African philosophy, black existentialism, double consciousness, black liberation theology, and womanism.

</doc>
<doc id="19140759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140759" title="Miguel Aguilar Obando">
Miguel Aguilar Obando

Miguel Aguilar Obando is a Salvadoran football coach, He currently in charge of C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo after the resignation of Gerado Reinoso.
He has also coached the El Salvador under-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="19140785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140785" title="List of canal basins in the United Kingdom">
List of canal basins in the United Kingdom

This List of canal basins in the United Kingdom is a list of articles about any canal basin in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19140788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140788" title="Marcel Kinsbourne">
Marcel Kinsbourne

Marcel Kinsbourne (born 1931) is an Austrian-born pediatric neurologist and neuroscientist who was an early pioneer in the study of brain lateralization. He is presently a Professor of Psychology at both The New School in New York City and the Center for Cognitive Studies at Tufts University.
Dr. Kinsbourne obtained his D.M. degree at Oxford University in 1963, where he served on the Psychology Faculty before relocating to the United States in 1967. He has held Professorships in both Neurology and Psychology at Duke University and the University of Toronto, and headed the Behavioral Neurology Research Division at the Shriver Center in Boston, Massachusetts. He also served as Presidents of the International Neuropsychology Society and the Society for Philosophy and Psychology.
Dr. Kinsbourne's considerable body of research involves multiple areas of cognitive neuroscience, including brain-behavior relations; consciousness; imitation; laterality among normal and abnormal populations; memory and amnestic disorders; unilateral neglect; attention and Attention Deficit Disorder; autism; learning disabilities; mental retardation, and dyslexia.
Dr. Kinsbourne disputed the idea that consciousness was a phenomenon that was simply generated by the "Core Circuitry" from the Brain. He argued that Consciousness was lived as an experience and was not to be seen as a mere process or nervous system operation 
Dr. Kinsbourne was the first to name and systematically describe the condition opsoclonus myoclonus syndrome, sometimes called Kinsbourne syndrome in his honor or Dancing eyes syndrome. He also called the concept of two activities being demanded and being performed in parallel as functional cerebral distance between them.
Dr. Kinsbourne's latest publication was the "Imitation and Entrainment: Brain Mechanisms and Social Consequences". He had also published many others including: "The Corpus Callosum as a Component of a Circuit for Selection", "How the Senses Combine in the Brain", and "Disorders of Mental Development".
Dr. Kinsbourne also published an article title "The Immune System’s Moderating Response to Inflammation Relieves Autistic Behavior: Response to Peter Good". He noticed that each autistic movement is caused by pathologically heightened arousal. He concluded that autistic behaviors can be improved with a fever. If this is true then a remedy for autism maybe a simple stimulation of the vagus nerve.
At the same time Dr Kinsbourne wrote two articles which were published in 1993, one being Unity and Diversity in the human brain: Evidence from Injury. where he talks about cognitive neuropsychology and the other article called Awareness of Deficit After Brain Injury: Clinical and Theoretical Issues. where he talks about the systematic review he performs for certain types of disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="19140804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140804" title="John Dodds (disambiguation)">
John Dodds (disambiguation)

John Dodds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19140806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140806" title="SOAP Service Description Language">
SOAP Service Description Language

The SOAP Service Description Language is an XML-based and SOAP centric language that provides a model for describing Web services.
Difference between SSDL and WSDL.
The W

</doc>
<doc id="19140814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140814" title="Surendra Bhave">
Surendra Bhave

Surendra Shriram Bhave (born 30 March 1966 in Pune) is a former Indian first-class cricketer who played for his home state Maharashtra from 1986 to 2001. A right-handed opening batsman, noted for his prolific run scoring and ability to build large innings, Bhave regularly captained Maharashtra throughout the 1990s.
Bhave had a strong start to his career, after making just one first-class appearance in both 1986/87 and 1987/88 he made the most of his opportunity in 1988/89 by scoring 730 runs at 91.25. Of his four hundreds that season, the biggest was an innings of 274 which he made against a Dilip Vengsarkar led Bombay team. He would score a further six double hundreds in his career, three of them in 1992. Such was his consistency that it wasn't until 1997/98 that he ended a season with an average under 50 and he never scored less than 800 runs from 1992/93 to 1996/97.
Although Maharashtra never won the Ranji Trophy while Bhave was at the club, he did captain them to the final in 1992/93. Playing against Punjab, Bhave failed in both innings and in the end it was a maiden first-class century to Amit Sharma that was the difference.
Bhave played for India A in the 1992/93 SAARC Quadrangular, a limited overs series also competed for by Sri Lanka A, Bangladesh A and Pakistan A. Bhave scored 81 against the Sri Lankans and although India made the final, the contest was canceled following rioting in the host city of Dhaka.
He also represented West Zone in the Duleep Trophy on occasions and on 2 December 1994 made 292 for the team in a first-class match against South Zone at Rourkela. His 739 minute vigil ended when he was bowled by offspinner Kanwaljit Singh.
The right-hander was particularly prolific against Saurashtra during his career, plundering them for 1471 at 91.93 with seven hundreds.

</doc>
<doc id="19140843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140843" title="Lay Down the Law (Keel album)">
Lay Down the Law (Keel album)

Lay Down the Law is the debut album by the American glam metal band Keel. It was the only album to feature original drummer Bobby Marks. Also, both "Speed Demon" and the Rolling Stones cover "Let's Spend the Night Together" were re-recorded for their next album "The Right to Rock", although the version of "Let's Spend The Night Together" on this album ends with reprises of earlier album tracks.
The album was released on November 1984 by Shrapnel Records to rave reviews, despite the band signing to Gold Mountain Records a few months prior. It was not released on CD format until 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19140846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140846" title="Bolad">
Bolad

Bolad, also known as Bolad (Steel) chingsang (Mongolian:, Persian:Pulad chinksank, , "Chancellor Bolad", d. 1313), was a Mongol minister of the Yuan Dynasty, and later served in the Ilkhanate as the representative of the Great Khan of the Mongol Empire and cultural adviser to the Ilkhans. He also provided valuable information to Rashid-al-Din Hamadani to write about the Mongols. Mongolists consider him as a cultural bridge between East and West.
Biography.
Bolad was born in the Dörben tribe (possibly Dörbet) family and his father, Jurghi (Yurki), who was a steward, attached to the palace of Genghis Khan's wife Börte. Since his father's title was prestige of honor, and he was explicitly trusted by Genghis Khan, Jurghi commanded a personal thousand of the guards of the Khagan.
In 1248, the prince Khubilai ordered the Chinese scholar, Chang te-hui, to tutor his eldest son, Dorji, and Bolad who was probably a child of seven or eight years, and Bolad became fluent in Chinese in addition to his native Mongolian language. After Khubilai’s election as Khagan in 1260, Bolad served as ba’urchi, designer of court ritual, censor, and chief of the agricultural administration (in Mongolian style). In addition, he did oral and written translations for the state affairs as one of intellectuals of the Mongols.
Bolad also served as judge in the sensitive cases of Ariq Böke (1264) and the murder of Ahmad Fanakati (1282). Bolad found the fraud activities of the latter and informed the Khagan. He was sent to the Ilkhanate in Persia soon after Arghun enthroned in 1285. He gave imperial seal, jarlig (зарлиг) and crown to the new Ilkhan. Bolad could not return to the Yuan Dynasty due to the conflicts between the Yuan and the Chagatai Khanate headed by Kaidu. Arghun appointed him a commander of his kheshig and assigned him of certain tasks in Khurasan. Although he had a family (his wife and two sons) left in Mongolia, Bolad was given a former concubine of Abaqa Khan, thus starting a new life in the Middle East. His sons served the Yuan government.
Facing difficulties to finance the coffers of the empty imperial treasury, Gaykhatu, summoned Bolad to advise him about the use of paper money then circulating in the Yuan. After taking consultation, the Ilkhan's court issued chao in Iran in 1294. Although it proved to be a failure owing to the resistance of local population, this was the first time, the paper money, chao, was issued in the history of Iran.
The Muslim convert Ghazan became the new Ilkhan in 1295. Although, his reputation may have been little diminished during Ghazan's reign, Ghazan respected Bolad. Seeing Mongol commoners selling their children as damaging the Mongol nation, similar to Khubilai, Ghazan budgeted funds to redeem Mongol slaves and made Bolad the commander of the tumen which consisted of Mongol slave boys.
It is claimed that Bolad assisted Rashid-al-Din Hamadani to write Universal History because he knew Mongolian history very well. Under Öljeitü (1304–16), Bolad achieved great influence as chingsang (chengxiang, grand councillor) and agha (Classic Mongolian: aqa, meaning elder). He was along with Chupan of the Suldus, and Kutlushah of the Qonkhoton served the Ilkhan as main advisors.
He was responsible for logistical support system during the Gilan campaign in 1307. In 1311 Bolad was awarded the title of the Duke of State of Tse by Ayurbarwada Khan of the Yuan. Bolad died in 1313. Long after his death, the Yuan government posthumously awarded him an honorary title.

</doc>
<doc id="19140860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140860" title="László Bita">
László Bita

László Bita (born 14 August 1967) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Paksi SE.
Honours.
Hungarian League: <br> Winner: 2000 <br>
UEFA Champions League: <br> Third qualifying round: 2000/01 <br>
UEFA Cup: <br> First round: 2000/01

</doc>
<doc id="19140864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140864" title="Onnanu Nammal">
Onnanu Nammal

Onnanu Nammal is a 1984 Malayalam film. The film was directed by P. G. Viswambharan. It features Mammootty, Mohanlal, Seema, Poornima jayaram. The screenplay was written by John Paul and the story was written by Kaloor Dennis. The popular soundtrack of this film was composed by Ilaiyaraaja to lyrics penned by lyricist Bichu Thirumala.

</doc>
<doc id="19140898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140898" title="The Nuggets">
The Nuggets

The Nuggets is a close group of four granite islets, with a combined area of , in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Schouten Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Fairy Prion, Common Diving-Petrel, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Black-faced Cormorant and Caspian Tern.

</doc>
<doc id="19140944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140944" title="Graziadio Isaia Ascoli">
Graziadio Isaia Ascoli

Graziadio Isaia Ascoli (16 July 1829 – 21 January 1907) was an Italian linguist.
Life and work.
Ascoli was born in an Italian-speaking Jewish family in the multiethnic town of Gorizia, then part of the Austrian Empire (now in Italy). Already as a boy, he learned some of the other languages traditionally spoken in the town, German, Friulian, Slovene and Venetian.
An autodidact, he published his first important work on the languages of the orient in 1854. In 1860, he was appointed professor of linguistics at the "Accademia scientifico-letteraria" in Milan and introduced the study of comparative philology, Romance studies, and Sanskrit.
He made an important contribution to the study of the relationship between Indo-European and Semitic and was pioneer in the fields of Romani language and Celtic languages.
In Italy, he is above all known for his studies of Italian dialects, which he was first to classify systematically. In the Italian language question ("questione della lingua"), he did not accept a standard language based on the Florentine dialect as proposed by Alessandro Manzoni, but argued for a levelling of the dialects.
He is founder of the so-called substratum theory, which explains the formation and development of languages as a result of interference with previous languages spoken by populations in question.
He died in Milan.
Political views.
Ascoli considered himself foremost a Friulian of Jewish religion, but was also an Italian patriot. 
One of his most lasting and politically most influential contributions was the coinage of the geographical term "Venezia Giulia" to denote what was hitherto known as the Austrian Littoral. 
Ascoli suggested that northeast Italy was composed by three historically, geographically and culturally interconnected regions, which he called the "Three Venices". According to his classification, these three historical-geographical regions were:
Ascoli coined these names following the internal divisions in the Italy during ancient Roman rule, and applied them to the 19th century. His geographical redefinition had a strong political implication: it was aimed at showing that the peripheral areas of the Austrian Empire were in fact gravitating towards Italy. His denomination was soon taken over by Italian irredentist who sought for the annexation of the Trentino, the Austrian Littoral, Fiume and Dalmatia to Italy.
In World War I, the terms Venezia Giulia and Venezia Tridentina became the official denominations for the new territories acquired by Italy from Austria-Hungary with the treaties of Saint Germain and Rapallo. The Kingdom of Italy used Ascoli's terms to replace the previous traditional denominations, Tyrol and Austrian Littoral. The former term fell into disuse after the fall of the Fascist regime. The latter, however, is still exists in the name of the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. The term "Venezia Euganea", on the other hand, never gained any significant support, although it was sporadically used during the Fascist period.
Bibliography.
Works published in Italian:

</doc>
<doc id="19140946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19140946" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1965–1968">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1965–1968

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1965 to 21 May 1968. 
The term was the first to be conducted under the "Constitution Acts Amendment Act (No.2) 1963" (No.72 of 1963), which abolished the 10 three-member provinces which had existed almost unaltered since 1900 and replaced them with 15 new two-member provinces, while abolishing the practice of having separate Legislative Council elections in May of every even-numbered year. Hence, members whose terms expired on 21 May 1971 were elected at the 1965 state general election. 
The chamber as a result had 30 seats made up of 15 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire every three years.

</doc>
<doc id="19141002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141002" title="Giedroyć">
Giedroyć

Giedroyć (Lithuanian: Giedraitis; Russian and Belarusian: Гедройц; French: Guédroïtz) is a polish surname, originating from the Giedraitis family of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Overview.
The Second and Third Editions of the Lithuanian Chronicle relate that Giedrius (Palemonids), a brother of Grand Duke Traidenis of Lithuania (late 13th century), built a castle, named it Giedraičiai, and adopted the title Prince of Giedraičiai. 
A document issued by Grand Duke Vytautas of Lithuania in the period 1399-1429 settled a dispute between the Bishop of Vilnius and the Princes of Giedraičiai. Numerous members of the family were recorded in the 15th and 16th centuries, and thereafter, with the title Prince.
The two lines of the family for which coherent genealogies are available (the family's "central core") descend from (i) Prince Aleksander (late 15th century) and (ii) Prince Bartłomiej (died in 1524).
The 1569 Act of Union inaugurating the Polish-Lithuanian Royal Commonwealth confirmed that, as previously in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, Lithuanian families of dynastic origin remained entitled to use the title Prince. Many subsequent Giedroyć family members, both of the Line of Aleksander and of the Line of Bartłomiej, were recorded with the title Prince – including several (of both Lines) whose right to the title was individually confirmed under Imperial Russian legislation of 1832. Other members did not seek such specific confirmation under the Russian Empire, but relied on confirmation of their noble status and princely origins under Russian legislation of 1801/3. The Imperial Russian heraldic authority classified these as "of the Princes". 
Under the usage of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, as confirmed by the 1569 Act of Union, princely origins in themselves establish princely status.
Armorial bearings.
The Second Edition of the Lithuanian Chronicle records that a centaur was the armorial charge of the forebears of Giedrus. A decree issued in 1401 by Władisław Jagiello, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, confirms the right of Prince Michał Giedroyć vel. Ratybor (baptized c.1387) to the arms Hippocentaurus "as used by his illustrious grandfather" Ginwill (2nd Duke of Giedrojcie and candidate to the grand ducal office of Lithuania). 
But the earliest surviving illustrated Giedroyć armorial charge is a rose, on seals attached to state documents of 1431-4. 
Through the 17th and 18th centuries, the centaur was used predominantly by most members of the family, sometimes in combination with the rose; while the descendants of Mikołaj (died 1657, sixth generation in the Line of Bartłomiej) continued to use the rose alone. But the centaur (sometimes with the rose, sometimes without) predominates in all the 19th century Russian records, even for the descendants of Mikołaj.
At the English College of Arms, the arms of Michał Giedroyć (born 1929, 16th generation in the Line of Bartłomiej) include both the rose and the centaur (called a sagittary in English heraldry) blazoned as follows: Per fess Or and Gules in chief a Rose Gules barbed and seeded proper and in base a Sagittary trippant to the dexter the head facing to the sinister his tail a serpent facing to the dexter holding in the hands a Bow with arrow drawn and set towards the head of the serpent all Or.
Notable people.
Early bearers of the Giedroyć name included:
Other distinguished members of the two main lines of the family included:
Current members of the family include:
Bearers of the name Guédroïtz (the French version of the Russian version of Giedroyć) include:

</doc>
<doc id="19141027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141027" title="Asankodai">
Asankodai

Asankodai is a village in India with around 30 families. It comes under Perumpallam Panchayat, Kodaikanal taluk, Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu, India. 
Asankodai village is without road facilities and is surrounded by Thandikudi by north, Pachalur by south KC Patty by east and Perumpallam by west. This place was a dense forest where few lands are used for cultivation land and remaining land occupied by government to plant eucalyptus trees. 
The people need to walk around to get basic necessities. It takes nearly one and a half hours to reach the nearby villages but the best thing is they have current and telephone facilities.
Agriculture.
The main cultivation here is Coffee plantations. Also they are cultivating orange, Lemon, Banana, Jack fruit and Butter fruit.
Attractions.
Its quite a greenish area located at an elevation of above sea level. It is a cool place to spend your vacation. One more entertainment is Trekking which is the only way to reach there. There are no transport facilities to this village. People here are very kind and helping in nature.
The main attraction in this village is the Kathuvumalai Nathan Siva Temple, located on a hill. It is necessary to walk to reach the temple. Every year, on April 14 (Tamil new year), there is a celebration in the temple. There is also a Kali temple.
The advantage here is that there is no traffic, no vehicle sounds. One can enjoy nature with mild breeze sounds mixed with bird songs.
Education.
There is a primary school up to 5th standard with a single teacher for 30 students. Students from here move to a nearby village to continue their higher studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19141033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141033" title="Spinosi">
Spinosi

Spinosi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19141050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141050" title="Monastery of Panagia Mavriotissa">
Monastery of Panagia Mavriotissa

The Monastery of Panagia Mavriotissa () is a monastery that is built on the spot where troops of Byzantine military commander George Palaiologos encircled the attacking Normans in 1083. It is believed that the emperor Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081-1118) built the monastery there to commemorate the event.
Surrounding the region of the lake of Kastoria there are 72 churches and chapels, Mavriotissa being one of the earliest of them.
History.
The monastery was initially named "Mesonesiotissa" ("in the middle of the island") and in the beginning of the 17th century it renamed itself to "Krepenitissa" ("of Krepeni") after the name of the nearby village Krepeni. Sometime from the middle to late 17th century it changed its name to "Mavriotissa" ("of Mavrovo") after the Greek village Mavrovo near Kastoria.
The monastery was a significant landowner in the village of Krepeni.

</doc>
<doc id="19141059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141059" title="Cannery Casino Resorts">
Cannery Casino Resorts

Cannery Casino Resorts is a Spring Valley, Nevada based gaming business that develops and manages hotels and casinos across the country. CCR is owned by Millennium Gaming (58%) and Oaktree Capital Management.
History.
Cannery Casino Resorts was established in 2001 by Millennium Gaming, which was founded by William Wortman and William Paulos. 
In 2002, CCR took control of the Regent Casino in Summerlin and, after remodeling, rebranded it as Rampart Casino.
The Cannery Casino and Hotel in North Las Vegas, Nevada was opened in January 2003 and CCR completed an expansion of the property in 2006.
In 2005, Oaktree Capital Management agreed to buy 33 percent of the company. With the funds injected, Wortman was able to buy out two minority partners in the Nevada Palace casino, which was placed under the Cannery umbrella.
Wortman bought a 20 percent stake in the Rockingham Park racetrack in New Hampshire in 2005, and Cannery obtained an option to buy the park outright. The company led an unsuccessful lobbying effort to legalize casinos in New Hampshire, and proposed a $450 million expansion of the park with up to 5,000 slot machines.
Oaktree funding also enabled CCR to buy The Meadows, a harness racetrack near Pittsburgh, in November 2006 from Magna Entertainment for $200 million. Oaktree's stake in the company increased to 42% as part of the deal. A temporary casino at the racetrack was opened in June 2007, and the permanent facility opened in April 2009.
In December 2007, Australian gaming company Crown Limited agreed to buy CCR for $1.75 billion. The agreement was ended in March 2009, however, with Crown instead buying a 24.5 percent stake in the company for $370 million, and paying a $50 million termination fee.
Eastside Cannery Casino and Hotel opened on the site of the Nevada Palace in August 2008.
Cannery's lease of the Rampart Casino expires in March 2012, and the casino's owner, Hotspur Resorts, decided to manage the casino itself, instead of renewing the agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="19141068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141068" title="Shanbally">
Shanbally

Shanbally (Irish: "An Seanbhaile", meaning "the old town/homestead") is a small village located in south east County Cork on the N28 road. Shanbally includes a Catholic church, a primary school, a pub, a shop and a GAA club. The village is located close to Ringaskiddy, Monkstown and Carrigaline.
The village church is the Catholic Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="19141085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141085" title="Fairy Falls (Oregon)">
Fairy Falls (Oregon)

Fairy Falls is a 20-foot waterfall on the Oregon side of the Columbia River Gorge in the United States. As part of Wahkeena Creek, Fairy Falls is located upstream from the much larger Wahkeena Falls. While small, this fan-shaped waterfall is a destination for photographers, mainly because of the scenic view. The creek cascades through a mossy rock slide lined with ferns, until rocky ledges of basalt break the water into various lacy streams.

</doc>
<doc id="19141088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141088" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1968–1971">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1968–1971

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1968 to 21 May 1971. The chamber had 30 seats made up of 15 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire at each triennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19141107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141107" title="Eastside Cannery">
Eastside Cannery

Eastside Cannery Casino and Hotel, is a locals casino owned and operated by Cannery Casino Resorts in Las Vegas, Nevada. The property is located on Boulder Highway, approximately eight miles from McCarran International Airport.
The Eastside Cannery has 65,000 sq ft of casino space, 307 hotel rooms,a special events ballroom, a private club on the 16th floor, five restaurants and three bars. 
History.
Eastside Cannery Casino and Hotel opened its doors in August 2008, replacing the Nevada Palace, located on the same site since 1979. Nevada Palace closed in February 2008, about two years after the property was purchased by Cannery. It was torn down in phases as the new property was built behind it; the exact Nevada Palace site is now the current casino's parking lot. All Nevada Palace employees were offered other positions within the Cannery organization, and many were retained as Eastside Cannery staff. 
The $250 million facility was the first major casino to open in more than a decade on Las Vegas’ eastside. It features approximately 2,000 slot machines, 26 table games, a 450-seat bingo room, a race and sports book and poker room, and stands 16 stories tall.

</doc>
<doc id="19141122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141122" title="Joseph Crowe">
Joseph Crowe

Joseph Crowe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19141143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141143" title="Basic Resident Registers Network">
Basic Resident Registers Network

The or is a national registry of Japanese citizens. It was ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court of Japan on March 6, 2008 amidst strong opposition.
Registry content.
The registry contains the following information for each citizen:
Implementation.
The initial phase of the network started on August 5, 2002, which implemented, literally, "Three statutes for online government and local government executive procedure" on June 7, 2003, and full operation on August 25, 2003.
The network is run by the Local Authorities Systems Development Center, a government-backed IT provider in Tokyo.
Among more than 1,700 local governments in Japan, only two (Kunitachi, Tokyo and Yamatsuri, Fukushima) have refused to join the network as of May 2009.
Controversies.
Some fear misuse of the data or data spill.
Some consider it a violation of their privacy.
Many suits have been filed by cities or citizens would do not want to be registered, some were successful and some were not.
The registry is opposed by the Democratic Party of Japan, the Liberal Party, the Japanese Communist Party and the Social Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19141151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141151" title="KKAW">
KKAW

KKAW (88.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to cover Douglas, Wyoming, USA. The station is currently owned by Wren Communications, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19141161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141161" title="Kellett XR-8">
Kellett XR-8

__NOTOC__
The Kellett XR-8 (later redesignated XH-8) was a helicopter built in the United States during World War II. It was a two-seat machine intended to demonstrate the feasibility of a twin-rotor system, and while it accomplished this, it also demonstrated a number of problems that prevented further development of this particular design. 
Design and development.
The successful demonstration of the Sikorsky VS-300 had the USAAF favoring the helicopter over the autogiro as an approach to rotary-winged flight. Realizing this, the Kellett Autogiro Corporation made a proposal to the USAAF on 11 November 1942 for the development of a twin-rotor helicopter that would obviate the need for a tail rotor and its attendant loss of power. Initially discounted on theoretical grounds, the proposal was re-examined in the light of tests done with models by the Army's Experimental Engineering Section, and was accepted on 7 January the following year. This was followed on 11 September with a contract for nearly $1,000,000 to build two prototypes with the three-bladed rotors contained in Kellett's proposal, along with an alternative two-bladed system.
The resulting aircraft had a stubby, egg-shaped fuselage with a single tail-fin and tricycle undercarriage. Two seats were enclosed side-by-side behind an extensively-glazed nose and the two rotors intermeshed with one another, offset by 12½°. The fuselage construction was of steel-tube, skinned in sheet metal and fabric, and the rotor blades were built of plywood ribs and skin attached to steel tubes. The intermeshing rotors quickly earned it the nickname "eggbeater".
Operational history.
The first flight took place on 7 August 1944 with Kellett chief test pilot Dave Driscoll at the controls. A lack of directional stability was discovered, and was corrected by the addition of two extra tail fins. A far more serious problem was discovered on 7 September, when it was found that a blade from each rotor had collided while the aircraft was in flight. The Air Force therefore ordered Kellett to design a new, rigid rotor system for the XR-8. 
In the meantime, the two-bladed rotor system was trialled on the second prototype, beginning in March 1945. This proved immediately unworkable, with severe vibration that was prohibitively difficult to resolve. Similarly, it became apparent that the rigid rotor system was going to require extensive redesign of the aircraft, and this effort was dropped as well.
On 23 January 1946, the XR-8 was accepted for service trials with its original, non-rigid rotors in place. However, the program was canceled almost immediately, and the prototype was eventually handed over to the National Air and Space Museum where it remains in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19141192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141192" title="Lisa Pryor">
Lisa Pryor

Lisa Pryor is an Australian journalist and author.
Early life and education.
Born in Sydney in 1978, she was educated at Ravenswood, where she achieved a TER score of 100, and the University of Sydney, where she graduated in arts and law, with first-class honours.
Career.
Pryor was employed as a journalist and columnist with the "Sydney Morning Herald", where she has also edited the opinion page.
Her 2008 book, "The Pinstriped Prison", sceptically examines the recruitment processes of large law firms, management consulting firms, and investment banks, and criticises the flow of talent into these fields. Her second book, "A Small Book About Drugs", was published in 2011.
Medical education.
Having commenced in 2011, as of 2014, Pryor is currently a third-year medical student at the University of Sydney.
Personal life.
Pryor is married to Julian Morrow of The Chaser comedy team, with whom she has two children; Anna and Ed.

</doc>
<doc id="19141237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141237" title="Prowler (roller coaster)">
Prowler (roller coaster)

Prowler is a wooden roller coaster at Worlds of Fun in Kansas City, Missouri. It was built by Great Coasters International and opened May 2, 2009 at an estimated cost of 8 million USD.
The ride.
Prowler is the second wooden roller coaster to be built at Worlds of Fun with the first one being Timber Wolf. The ride reaches an unspecified height of 85 feet, into a spiral drop which swoops into a ravine and through the woods at the top speed of 51 MPH. The ride is located in the Africa section of the park behind the Zulu Ride. Prowler has an estimated capacity of 850 riders per hour. It is the third ride to occupy that current spot at the park that the ride is operating in; originally home to the Safari Adventure, and the Python Plunge (later renamed The Plunge). The lot was vacant from the Plunge's close in 1999 to the Prowler's opening in 2009.
The ride's layout (darting in and out of the woods) and promotional material (logo and tagline) makes reference to the famous wooden coaster The Beast at Kings Island, another Cedar Fair park near Cincinnati, Ohio.
Trains.
Two "Millennium Flyer trains" with 12 cars per train. Riders are arranged two across in a single row for a total of 24 riders per train.
The Hype.
Before the announcement of the new ride, there were teasers put out by the park. These teasers included placing a mysterious large storage crate at the front of the park, which was 'delivered' by the "International Wildlife Organization" or the "IWO". More details of the package kept coming out through the blog and videos came out as the IWO storyline continued until the main announcement of the ride on September 1, 2008.
Rankings.
Prowler was voted Best New Ride of 2009 - Amusement Park in Amusement Today's Golden Ticket Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19141239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141239" title="Premer Kahini">
Premer Kahini

Premer Kahini (translation: "Story of Love") (2008) is a Bengali film by Ravi Kinagi., the movie featured Dev, Koyel Mullick, Jishu Sengupta and Ranjit Mullick. This movie was the third movie of new Bengali hero Dev after super flop of his first film "Agnisapath" and second film "I Love You". This movie is a frame-to-frame remake of blockbuster Kannada movie "Mungaru Male", directed by Yograj Bhat and released in 2006.
Plot.
Akash (Dev) and Barsha (Koyel Mullick) met just by mere accident at Metropolish Fame Mall. Akash fell in love with Barsha instantly. However he lost contact with Barsha and could not track her address by any means. He was visiting a marriage ceremony of the daughter of his mom’s friend and to his surprise, he found the bride was Barsha herself.
The protagonist Akash (Dev), on a visit to M G Road(a famous place in Bangalore) amidst a heavy wind, spots a pretty girl, Barsha (Koel Mullik). Whilst staring at her, he inadvertently falls into a manhole. Barsha rescues him from the pit, but in the process loses her heart-shaped watch she had just bought.
While accompanying his mother to Madikeri, Akash confronts a man named Jaanu (Neenaasam Ashwath). Jaanu, who has been following Barsha, beats up Akash thinking that he is in love with Barsha. Akash, unaware that Jaanu has vowed not to allow any one near Barsha, trashes Jaanu and his gang in return.
In Madikeri, Akash meets Barsha unexpectedly. He identifies himself and expresses his love towards her and offers to tie the watch as an indication for their marriage. Barsha, who is already engaged rejects his request. Still, Akash vows to marry Barsha if she meets him again. In the meantime, Akash discovers that his host in Madikeri, Col. Subbayya (Ranjit mullick) is Barsha's father, who is pretty much deaf and Barsha's marriage is a just a week away. Dejected, Akash throws Barsha's heart-shaped watch away. But Barsha calls him over the phone and taunts him to return. Delighted, Akash goes in search of her watch and brings it back. While searching it, he spots a rabbit, which he calls as Devadas and brings it along with him.
A still from song Kunidhu Kunidhu
Since Barsha's friends are due to arrive from Mumbai for marriage, Akash takes Barsha to the railway station. The train from Mumbai is delayed by five hours, so Barsha and Akash decide to visit a nearby hill-temple. While returning from the temple, Akash and Barsha are caught in rain. An old couple offers Akash and Barsha to take shelter inside their hut. Akash, still in two minds about expressing his love to Barsha, grabs a couple of toddy bottles, goes out in rain and starts drinking. However, when Barsha walks towards him, offering an umbrella, he is under a state of intoxication and tells Barsha that he'd better stay away from Barsha to remain a decent boy, rather than to propose to or elope away with her.
Barsha is now in love with Akash and is in a dilemma as her wedding is due in a few days. Barsha requests him to take her to the top of a waterfall and expresses her love towards Akash, standing at the edge of the waterfall.
Akash, intent on marrying Barsha, takes her father, Subbayya for a morning jog to discuss his marriage with Barsha. But Subbayya a heart patient, tells Preetham that he's expected to die anytime and his only aim in life is to get Barsha married off to Gautam (Diganth). On the night before the marriage, Akash drives away from the house without taking Devadas. He then starts drinking the whole night in a road-side bar. He finds Gautam, asking the bar-owner for directions to Subbayya's home. When Jaanu tries to kill Gautam, Akash saves Gautam and convinces jolly that only Gautam is the best person to marry Barsha.
Next day, he drops Gautam to the marriage house, just in time for the marriage. He then declines to attend Gautam's marriage. Gautam asks for the heart-shaped watch as a remembrance but Preetham does not agree to give it. Akash then leaves. Meanwhile, on the wedding day everyone is searching for Akash, but he is nowhere to be found. His mother is the only one who know the truth about his love, and is worried of his whereabouts, but does not show her worry.
With a sigh in his eyes, Akash watches the arch proclaiming "Gautham weds Barsha". As he is trying to leave, Barsha writes a letter and put the heart shaped watch into it. She later ask devdas to carry the same to Aakash. But due to "godly intervention", devdas delivers the parcel to Subbayya. After reading the letter in which Barsha was ending her relationship, Subbayya came to know the truth about the love interest of Barsha. After taking the permission of Gautam, the Subbayya gives away the hand of Barsha to Aakash and the credits start rolling.
Music.
The music of "Premer Kahini", composed by Jeet Ganguly, was released in India on 15 August 2008.Media partner of "Premer Kahini" is Bengali Music Channel Sangeet Bangla.
Critical reception.
The "DDLJ" sameness doesn’t end there. The lovebirds romance on the terrace, night after night, like Raj and Simran did. They sing and dance in the rain, around trees and on mountains sporting trendy jackets and chiffon saris.Dev is a show stealer from the start. He woos Koel — and also the viewers — with his easy charm. Koel keeps up the coy lady act. Jisshu’s chocolatey looks manage to draw many “oohs” and “aahs” from the college-going crowd at the evening show in Bharati.
Just as you had desperately wanted Raj to end up with Simran in "Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge", you almost will best man Akash on to win Barsha’s hand in "Premer Kahini". Though it has several flashes of the Shah Rukh-Kajol-starrer, director Ravi Kinnagi adds novelty to the script and makes "Premer Kahini" an engaging watch.
Ravi Kinnagi is an intelligent young man. He writes, directs and edits his films himself and even writes the screenplay. He borrows generously from big box-office grossers in the South and relocates them within the Bengali ambience. The audience laps it all up because they have never seen the original. He has the guts to pack in newcomers and Jeet made his strikingly successful debut in Saathi directed by Kinnagi. He puts in a lot of action and fight scenes, song and dance numbers ‘inspired’ by popular Hindi masala and generally has a storyline that makes for a wonderful recipe of a ‘family drama’ the Kinnagi way. Kinnagi is also a metaphor for the widening of the geographical canvas of Bengali cinema because he belongs to Orissa though he has now made Kolkata is home. Other stalwarts and newcomers from the Orissa film industry and actors from Bengal are happily changing places between cinema of the two states, making for a stable marriage between the otherwise unfriendly but similar cultures.
People ignorant about Kannada films will not learn that "Premer Kahini" is the Bengali remake of the hit Kannada film Mungaru Male, the version rights for which were bought by Venkatesh Films at a record price in the history of Bengali cinema. Shot on an astounding budget of Rs.2.5 crores, the best thing about the film is that a major portion of the film has been shot against picturesque backdrops of beautiful locations of Bangalore, Shakleshpur, Malkote and Jog Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="19141286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141286" title="April showers">
April showers

April showers may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19141315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141315" title="Controversy over Abkhazian and South Ossetian independence">
Controversy over Abkhazian and South Ossetian independence

Russia's initial recognition of the independence of the Republic of Abkhazia and the Republic of South Ossetia occurred in the aftermath of the conflict in South Ossetia and 6 months after the western recognition of the unilateral declaration of independence by Serbia's breakaway Republic of Kosovo in February 2008. This, and resultant non-recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia by NATO and European Union nations, in particular the United States and the EU-3, has led to claims of hypocrisy and double standards on the part of both sides of the recognition divide.
Kosovo as a precedent.
The Assembly of the Serbian Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija, under administration of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo since 1999, unilaterally declared independence as the Republic of Kosovo on 17 February 2008. The Republic of Kosovo was instantly recognised by the United States and the EU-3 and now has been recognised by internationally recognised sovereign states.
In an emergency session of the UN Security Council Serbian President Boris Tadić asked the Council, "Are we all aware of the precedent that is being set and are we aware of the catastrophic consequences that it may lead to?" The Permanent Representatives of the United States, United Kingdom and France presented their opinion that the Kosovo case is sui generis in nature and could not be perceived as a precedent.
The setting of a precedent was mentioned by many countries, such as Argentina, China, Cuba, Greece and Spain. India stated that Kosovo "can set a very dangerous precedent for similar cases around the world." The then Russian President Vladimir Putin described the recognition by Western powers of Kosovo independence as "terrible precedent, which will de facto blow apart the whole system of international relations, developed not over decades, but over centuries." He then went on to say, "hey have not thought through the results of what they are doing. At the end of the day it is a two-ended stick and the second end will come back and hit them in the face."
Some analysts at the time called ignoring Russian objections and the move by the United States and the EU-3 a mistake, with Ted Galen Carpenter of the Cato Institute stating that their view of Kosovo being sui generis and setting no precedent as "extraordinarily naïve". It was also suggested that Russia could use the case of Kosovo as pretext for recognising Abkhazia and South Ossetia in the future. Other analysts, including the Heritage Foundation, offer that Kosovo is no precedent due to its administration by the United Nations as a protectorate for seven years and was blocked from being admitted to the United Nations due to Russia and China being able to use their veto in the United Nations Security Council.
In hearings before the United States House Committee on Foreign Affairs, California Republican Congressman and member of the Subcommittee on International Organizations, Human Rights, and Oversight, Dana Rohrabacher, said there is an "obvious analogy between Kosovo and what's going on in Georgia" and continued to say "Now the only difference is of course, we're Americans and they're Russians. And the people trying to breakaway there were pro-Russian." This echoes sentiments he expressed in 2007, when he stated the United States "reflexively take the anti-Russia position" due to that "the majority of US foreign policy establishment formed in the Soviet era, when they dealt with developing a strategy to surround, weaken, and humiliate Russia."
In July 2008, in a speech to Russian ambassadors on Russian foreign policy, Dmitry Medvedev opined that "for the European Union, Kosovo is almost what Iraq has proved to be for the United States" and that they acted unilaterally in pursuit of their own self-interests and undermined international law in the process.
In October 2009, Dmitry Medvedev said that parallels between Kosovo and South Ossetia are "inappropriate" and that "We are categorically against drawing parallels between the Balkan events and the events in the Caucasus. As concerns South Ossetia – it’s our unambiguous, absolutely clear position – it about repelling direct military aggression. And what was done by Russia after that, was done in full accordance with the UN Charter." and that Kosovo's unilateral declaration of independence and the events that followed "have confirmed the inadequacy of attempts to adjust the solution of complex international problems to considerations of notorious political expediency. We consider it unacceptable to do what was done in the Kosovo precedent – to use the lack of progress at negotiations as the reason for unilateral actions, including recognition of new international legal entities.".
As a precedent in other disputes.
Оn September 18, Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov summarised and explained Russia's position in relation to the other two frozen conflicts in the former Soviet Union, the Nagorno Karabakh Republic and the Pridnestrovian Moldovan Republic, both de facto independent republics seeking international recognition. Also, officials of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus claim that, Kosovo's road to independence is a good example that strengthens TRNC's thesis(right of self-determination)
He went on to give the following explanation for this position:
Nagorno Karabakh Republic.
The recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia by Russia have rekindled hopes of a solution to the Nagorno Karabakh problem. The declaration was welcomed by the Nagorno Karabakh republic and many pro-Independence parties in Armenia. The French ambassador in Armenia Serzh Smessov commented that "the events in Georgia have changed the regional situation, and in that connection we hope that there will arise the possibility of rapid regulation of the Karabakh conflict."
In Armenia six parties; the Union "Constitutional Justice", the Democratic Party of Armenia, the United Communist Party of Armenia, the Christian-Democratic Union of Armenia, Union "National Self-Determination" and the People's Party welcomed the moves by the Russian Federation. The Union "Constitutional Justice" in a declaration stated that "today an unprecedented favourable situation for the international recognition of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic has come to head, and Armenian diplomacy does not have the right to delay. What Armenian and Karabakh diplomacy could not do in 17 years, Russia has done in 20 days." Тhe declaration went on to say that "in the conditions of the conflicts which have arisen on post-Soviet space the thesis of territorial integrity cannot be a method for solving conflicts. On the contrary, the continued repetition of this thesis can lead the conflict to military confrontation, and all of the consequences that entails." The Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan, however, stated that Armenia will not formally recognise Abkhazia and South Ossetia as independent states any time soon but reiterated his support for their residents’ right to self-determination. He also said that Armenia will not recognise them for the same reason that it did not recognise Kosovo’s independence and that Armenia can not recognise another entity in the same situation as long as it has not recognised the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. Also, many have expressed concern for the national security of Armenia should it recognise the breakaway republics. Secretary of the opposition party Heritage Stepan Safaryan expressed the view that for Armenia to recognise would be dangerous as it could damage Armenia's good relations with Georgia and leave it with yet another hostile neighbour to the north.
Transnistria.
President of the unrecognised Pridnestrovian Moldovan Republic, also known as Transnistria, Igor Smirnov said that "the Russian leadership, in recognising the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia, has underlined the priority of the expression of the wills of the people for solving such problems."
On 27 August, the day after Russia's recognition, Dmitry Medvedev met with President of Moldova Vladimir Voronin, where the Russian leader made clear that Moscow is ready to make the maximal efforts to solve the Pridnestrovian problem in the framework of the sovereignty of the Republic of Moldova. Relations between Moldova and Pridnestrovia worsened after Moldova refused to support the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia, which Chişinău categorically rejected, considering that "as in the case of the recognition of Kosovo, this step only decreases amenability of the sides in the search for a compromise."
Within Russia.
Russia's recognition of the Georgian breakaway regions has given rise to talk of separatism in the Northern Caucasus within Russia's borders. According to a declaration addressed to the Council of Europe by Russian human rights activists, "the situation in the North Caucasus republics became greatly more agitated since the war between Russia and Georgia in the South Caucasus." In Ingushetia, Ingush opposition activist, Magomet Khasbiyev in an interview with radio station Ekho Moskvy called for Ingushetia to separate from Russia, claiming that "we must ask Europe or the US to separate us from Russia. If we aren't acceptable to this country, we don't know what else we should do."
President Dmitry Medvedev does not express concern at the possibility of renewed separatist sentiments in the Caucasus and believes such scenarios can only arise from abroad. In an interview with Euronews he said that he "does not see any such danger so long as people abroad do not meddle in these issues, thinking up various scenarios for dismembering Russia."
Separatism.
Georgian justice minister Nika Gvaramia claimed that “this will have very serious political consequences for Russia. We will overcome this crisis, I am sure; but what is Russia going to do with its own state – in respect of separatism, which is still a problem in Russia; I'm not worried much about it, but I am sure that it will lead to a total collapse of Russia if not today, tomorrow, for sure.”
Legal arguments.
When asked about these resolutions, Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin claimed that "their use of force against South Ossetia clearly dashed all of those previous resolutions and created a completely new reality." However, France's deputy UN ambassador Jean-Pierre Lacroix countered that "there is no way you can dash or cancel or ... terminate a resolution of the Security Council by force."

</doc>
<doc id="19141363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141363" title="Turcupichun">
Turcupichun

Turcupichun was the toqui of the Mapuche Aillarehues in the vicinity of Concepcion, Chile and the Bio-Bio River valley from 1557 to 1558. García Hurtado de Mendoza landed in early June 1557 on the island of La Quiriquina at the mouth of the bay of San Pedro. Soon afterward he sent out messengers to the local Aillarehues to come and submit to the Spanish. Turcupichun gathered them in a great coyag where he advocated resistance to the death and elected him as their toqui replacing the dead Lautaro.
Turcupichun led his army to build a pucara on the height of Andalicán five leagues south of Concepcion covering the approach down the coast to Arauco and posted detachments to cover the crossing points on the Bio Bio River. Governor Mendoza deceived him by having a detachment build rafts at one of these crossing points but using the boats of his fleet to carry his army across at the mouth of the river. Turcupichun then engaged and was defeated by the army of Mendoza in the Battle of Lagunillas. Following this defeat his army fell back and joined with Caupolicán to fight in the Battle of Millarapue. Following the battle Turcupichun was blamed by Caupolican, for the defeat when his third division marching to attack the Spanish rear did not arrive in time. Angry at the accusation he withdrew to defend his own lands. 
Following the execution of Caupolican, Turcupichun attempted to organize a new revolt and an attack on Concepcion, but the Spanish Corregidor of the city, Gerónimo de Villegas discovered his attempt and sent Juan Galiano with some soldiers to attack him first. Moving to where he was lodged at night Galiano captured him and some of his companions and returned with them to the city where he was hung in the plaza. After his death his army elected Lemucaguin as his successor.

</doc>
<doc id="19141374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141374" title="Lac de Flaine">
Lac de Flaine

Lac de Flaine is a lake at Flaine in Haute-Savoie, France. Its surface and depth vary seasonly. Maximum depth can reach 10.5 m in May and only 0.75 m in winter, while the surface area varies from 12 ha to 1.5 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="19141413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141413" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1971–1974">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1971–1974

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1971 to 21 May 1974. The chamber had 30 seats made up of 15 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire at each triennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19141442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141442" title="The Way We Are (film)">
The Way We Are (film)

The Way We Are (天水圍的日與夜) is a 2008 Hong Kong film directed by Ann Hui and starring Paw Hee-Ching, Chan Lai-wun, Leung Chun-lung and Idy Chan.
Plot.
Paw Hee-Ching and Leung Chun-lung play a mother and son who live in Tin Shui Wai New Town. Paw works in the local supermarket while Leung is a Form 5 student who is waiting for his HKCEE results during summer holiday.
Paw meets Chan Lai-wun as she is hired at the supermarket, and begins to help her out. Chan wants to buy a television set but is discouraged by the delivery fee. Paw asks Leung to come to the electrical store to help carry it to Chan's flat, saving her the transport fee. Chan returns the favour by giving Paw a bag of expensive Chinese mushrooms.
Paw's mother falls sick and Leung visits her in the hospital with his cousin. Their grandmother demands swallow's nest congee.
Through her deceased daughter, Chan has a grandson who lives with her son-in-law, who has since re-married. Chan purchases gifts for them and goes with Paw to meet them in Shatin, but her grandson does not show up and her gifts are rejected by her son-in-law. She gives them to Paw instead, who agrees to safeguard them for the time being.
While running an errand for his mother Leung runs into his school teacher (Idy Chan). She invites him to help out at the school as a student counsellor when he returns for Form 6 and he duly agrees.
Paw's two younger brothers are doing well in life, thanks to Paw's financial support during their university years overseas. One of them, played by Clifton Ko, talks to Leung and promises he and his younger brother will support him financially to study overseas if he so desires. He replies that he will decide after seeing his HKCEE results. At the end of the movie, Paw, Leung and Chan are seen happily having dinner together in Tin Shui Wai as Leung has received satisfactory results in his exam and can continue on to Form 6.
Critical reception.
The film received great critical acclaim.
According to Perry Lam of "Muse", '"The Way We Are" is a great film in a small way and, in its tribute to the resilience of life, serves as an apt, shining metaphor for the filmmaking career of Hui herself.'
Awards and nominations.
28th Hong Kong Film Awards
15th Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19141472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141472" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1974–1977">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1974–1977

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1974 to 21 May 1977. The chamber had 30 seats made up of 15 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire at each triennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19141480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141480" title="New Zealand State Highway 71">
New Zealand State Highway 71

State Highway 71 (SH 71) is a New Zealand State Highway connecting Kaiapoi/Christchurch with Rangiora.
Route.
History.
The highway was declared in 1992 after State Highway 72, the highway which serviced inland parts of Canterbury, was revoked (along with a number of other highways). SH 71 provided a southern connection to Rangiora from SH 1 in contrast to SH 72, which connected Rangiora to SH 1 from the east.
Accessing the highway from SH 1.
SH 71 can be accessed via a northbound offramp coming off SH1 (as the Christchurch Northern Motorway) and then turning left. Smith Street, coming from Kaiapoi, also flows onto SH 71.
The Road.
For the entire length of the highway, SH 71 is known as Lineside Road and parallels both the Main North Line of the South Island Main Trunk Railway and a 66 kV transmission line (between Southbrook and Kaiapoi substations) for much of the length. Just south of Rangiora the road crosses the railway line at-grade. SH 71 officially ends after the crossing but the road continues into Rangiora.

</doc>
<doc id="19141492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141492" title="Thymus pannonicus">
Thymus pannonicus

Thymus pannonicus, known by its common name Hungarian thyme or Eurasian thyme is a perennial herbaceous plant, distributed in central and eastern Europe and Russia. It grows over open dry meadows, grasslands and rocks. 
In Serbia, this plant species contributes to several xerothermous grass formations which develop on warm, dry silicate terrains at altitude above 160 meters, mostly over plains or mild slopes, on acidic soils derived from crystalline albite-muscovite schist and gneiss-like granite. In southern Banat (Serbia), the dried herb is used to make tasty and refreshing herbal tea drinks, owing to its peculiar and pleasant lemon-like scent. Fresh leaves are used for aromatisation of homemade jams, candies and similar confections. Traditionally, it is used also for coughs and other respiratory complaints, as well as certain gastrointestinal disorders.
Chemical composition.
In a survey of available literature, only a few publications relevant to the chemical composition of "Thymus pannonicus" were found, suggesting that a substantial dearth of information in this field still exists. According to Karuza-Stojaković et al., the principal constituents of "T. pannonicus" essential oil from southern parts of Vojvodina province (northern Serbia) were terpinyl acetate, terpinen-4-ol, thymol, carvacrol and geranyl acetate (listed in order of descending quantity). Recent comprehensive studies of chemical variability in hydrodistilled essential oils of different wild growing and cultivated populations of "T. pannonicus" from Hungary, as well as supercritical fluid extracts of various "Lamiaceae" species, confirmed that high concentrations of both thymol and p-cymene are the main chemosystematic attributes of "T. pannonicus" essential oil. Further research efforts of Pluhár Zs. et al. on the volatile oil composition of "T. pannonicus" from nineteen different localities of Hungary, confirmed a significant essential oil polymorphism in this plant species, as twelve different chemovarieties were determined, namely: thymol, thymol/p-cymene, thymol/p-cymene/γ-terpinene, thymol/p-cymene/neral, thymol/p-cymene/γ-terpinene/β-bisabolene, thymol/p-cymene/isoborneol/γ-terpinene, thymol/linalyl acetate/γ-terpinene/α-cubebene, p-cymene/geraniol/linalyl acetate, linalyl acetate/geranyl acetate, germacrene-D/β-caryophyllene, caryophyllene oxide/α-cubebene/linalool, and germacrene-D/β-caryophyllene/farnesol. 
On the other hand, a "T. pannonicus" population, which is located over the southern slopes of Vršac Mountains in southern Banat (Vojvodina province, Serbia) was characterised by exceptionally high percentage of oxygenated monoterpenes (91.75%). The most abundant components of its essential oil were identified as geranial (41.42%, w/w) and neral (29.61%, w/w), the mixture of which is frequently referred to as citral.
Biological activity.
The antimicrobial activity of essential oil was evaluated using the agar disc diffusion and broth microdilution methods against "Staphylococcus aureus", "Enterococcus faecalis", "Pseudomonas aeruginosa", "Escherichia coli", two strains of "Klebsiella pneumoniae" and two strains of "Candida albicans". The essential oil exhibited antimicrobial activity to varying degrees against all tested strains. The maximum activity of "T. pannonicus" oil was observed against "E. coli", "S. aureus" and both tested strains of "C. albicans" (MIC = 50 μl/ml, each). Moderate activity was observed against "P. aeruginosa" and one of the tested strains of "K. pneumoniae" (MIC = 200 μl/ml), while "E. faecalis" and the other strain of "K. pneumoniae" expressed a higher degree of resistance (MIC > 200 μl/ml))

</doc>
<doc id="19141528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141528" title="H7">
H7

H7, H07 or H-7 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19141570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141570" title="The Village at Sandhill">
The Village at Sandhill

Village at Sandhill is a lifestyle center located in the northeast area of Columbia, South Carolina. It is located halfway between Interstate 20 and Interstate 77 on Clemson Road at the intersection of Two Notch Road. It competes with Columbiana Centre and nearby Columbia Place.
Village at Sandhill was developed and is owned by Kahn Development Company. It originally opened in late 2004 and is still currently under construction. When it opened, its first tenants were *PLEX Indoor Sports, Rhodes Furniture, World Market and Super Bi-Lo.
The open-air center offers a mix of nationally and locally owned merchants and restaurants, as well as numerous national and region banks like Wachovia, Regions Bank, First Citizens Bank and BB&T. The national anchors include JC Penney, which opened in 2005, The Home Depot, which opened in 2006 and Belk, which opened in 2007. 
Village at Sandhill's latest expansion phase also includes the Promenade at Sandhill, a luxury condominium development located above retail shops. When fully developed, the Village at Sandhill will contain over of retail, residential, office, hotel, entertainment, and recreational facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19141578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141578" title="Jisshu Sengupta">
Jisshu Sengupta

Jisshu Sengupta (), popularly known as Jisshu, is a popular Bengali film actor. Though, his real name is Biswaroop Sengupta, he is more famous as Jisshu, his pet name. He is the son of Ujjwal Sengupta, also an actor of Bengali films. His mother, Mukta Sengupta, was a homemaker and a wedding planner. Jisshu has an elder sister, Satarupa (Rai) Sengupta, who was previously married (now divorced) to Anindya Bose, the lead singer from the Bengali band, Sahar. Initially, Jisshu was a cricketer, who represented Bengal in some sub junior games. But he was more keen to make a career in the Bengali film industry. He got his first break in a mega serial, "Mahaprabhu" as the lead character: Chaitanya Mahaprabhu. After that, there was no looking back for him. He is a popular figure in contemporary Bengali television. He has recently (June 2011) made a comeback on Bengali television, with the megaserial Aparajito, which is being produced by his own company, Blue Water pictures, and is possibly the very first serial based on a male protagonist.
Jisshu has worked with renowned directors like Shyam Benegal (in ""), and Rituparno Ghosh in "The Last Lear" (in which the co-actor was Amitabh Bachchan), "Shob Charitro Kalponik", and "Abohoman", and with Gautam Ghose in "Abar Aranye".
Jisshu is an integral part of the Bengal Tigers T20 team in the 2012 Indian Celebrity Cricket League. His half century in the match against the Kerala Strikers was well appreciated. Jisshu is now, as of 2012, currently hosting musical-reality show on Zee Bangla.
Personal life.
Jishnu's wife Nilanjana Sharma, whom he married in 2004, is the elder daughter of Anjana Bhowmick, another Bengali film actress in the Bengali film industry; her debut Bengali film was "Swapner Feriwala" (2002) directed by Subrata Sen.

</doc>
<doc id="19141588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141588" title="Strusshamn, Hordaland">
Strusshamn, Hordaland

Strusshamn is a community on the south coast of Askøy, Norway. It is one of the cultural centers of its municipality, Askøy. Strusshamn is connected to the city of Bergen with a road bridge.
Strusshamn is well known for its long maritime traditions and history. In Strusshamn are found the production facilities of the Viksund Yachts of Norway company.

</doc>
<doc id="19141598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141598" title="Edoor">
Edoor

Edoor is a small town about 6.5 kilometers from Iritty in Kannur district in Kerala, India. The town is a small marketplace for the farmer communities of the surrounding regions. This place is well-connected to any part of Kannur and other parts of Kerala by road. Tourists visiting Edoor can enjoy the beauty of the Vembuzha river, St Mary's Forane church and Mundayamparambu Temple. The nearest tourist home is at Iritty.
St.Mary's Forane Church.
St. Mary's Forane Church Edoor is the first church in the name of St. Mary under the archdiocese of Thallassery. The church is a pilgrim center of Mother Mary
Edoor is famous for its communal harmony. The presence of a prominent church in the town adds to its lustre as a peaceful town. Edoor is also famous for its educational institutions especially St Mary's Higher Secondary School. This school has gained much prominence in the district since the addition of plus two as secondary education, due to its topping results. For most of the years since 2002, this school has stood either 1st or 2nd in the district. People in this area are majorly Christians and Hindus,came from different places of Travancore. The area hilly. Cultivation is mainly for rubber. People living now here are the second generations of the migrated farmers from travencore. Kurumthottam, Vattamthottiyil, Manalel,Thuruthippallil, Muriankariyil, Madathinakam, Valiyaparambil,Thottupurath, Valiyakulam,Cherukanayil, etc. are the first few families migrated towards Edoor and surrounding areas. The first migrators and the spiritual leaders like Fr.C.J Varkey made the foundation of the development as roads and schools. The church is also a prominent forane church in the Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Tellicherry. Its institutions include the St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Vikas Bhavan (school for special needs), and orphanages. There is an old-age home, Maithri Bhavan, at Karaparamba near Edoor. The church is a pilgrim center of Mother Mary, The Immaculate.
The famous wild-life sanctuary Aralam is situated 5 kilometres away from Edoor. Kolikkadave, Angadikadavu and Aralam are the nearest towns.

</doc>
<doc id="19141632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141632" title="Alak language">
Alak language

Alak is a language spoken by some 4,000 people in southern Laos, especially in the Provinces of Salavan and Sekong (where the Alak people make up over a fifth of the population). It is closely related to the language spoken by the Bahnars of Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="19141655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141655" title="William Robbins (actor)">
William Robbins (actor)

William Robbins (died October 1645), also Robins, Robinson, or Robson, was a prominent comic actor in the Jacobean and Caroline eras.
His career began by 1617, when he was with Queen Anne's Men; he remained with that company for the remainder of its existence. In 1625 Robbins joined the newly formed Queen Henrietta's Men, and worked with that company until 1636. His role as Rawbone in their production of James Shirley's "The Wedding" shows that he was a thin-man clown, what his own era called a "lean fool," like John Sinklo or John Shank. Robbins also played Carazie the eunuch in Philip Massinger's "The Renegado", Clem in Thomas Heywood's "The Fair Maid of the West", and the title character, the "changeling" Antonio, in Middleton and Rowley's "The Changeling".
The Queen Henrietta's company was disrupted by a long theatre closure due to bubonic plague in 1636–37. Robbins may have been one of the members of the troupe who travelled to Ireland with James Shirley to work at the Werburgh Street Theatre in Dublin in the later 1630s.
Robbins finished his acting career with a couple of years with the King's Men. He was made a Groom of the Chamber in January 1641, along with five other actors in the troupe. After the theatres closed in 1642, Robbins, like some other actors (fellow King's Men Charles Hart and Nicholas Burt are good examples), fought on the Royalist side during the English Civil War. Robbins attained the rank of captain before dying during the siege of Basing House in October 1645. James Wright, in his "Historia Histrionica" (1699), maintains that Robbins was shot in the head after surrendering, by a soldier in the Commonwealth forces (the soldier reportedly was Thomas Harrison, who later became a general in the Commonwealth army.)
Robbins was married to Cicely Sands Brown Robbins, sister of King's Man James Sands and widow of actor Robert Browne.

</doc>
<doc id="19141657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141657" title="Stephen Ofei">
Stephen Ofei

Stephen Offei (born 14 January 1986 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian-born central defender, who plays for Vasco S.C. in the I-League 2nd Division.
Career.
Stephen Offei started his career in youth level in Kumasi club Sahara FC.In 2001 made his first domestic transfer to Accra Hearts of Oak and in his first three seasons there was the most capped player for the club.He played for the Ghana national U-23 team during the 2007 All African Games in Algeria and made his first cap for the Ghana Black Stars against Iran in 2008.He had loans from Accra Hearts of Oak in Bulgaria to PFC Litex Lovech in 2004 and in 2008 with Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C..In 2009 he moved permanent in Israel and sign for Premier League side Maccabi Netanya and after completed season moved to Maccabi Be'er Sheva having a successful year.In 2011 travelled to China and was so close to finalize a deal with Shanghai Shenhua current club of Nicolas Anelka & Didier Drogba but could not meet the transfers deadline and in September 2012 signed a 1 year contract with India I-League Champions Dempo S.C and performed in 8 Goa league games having a goal in the opener game against his current team. After being released from Dempo he signed a contract with Vasco S.C. that will keep him in India until May 2013.
Offei is well known in Ghana for his mentoring sessions actions and youth football development.
Charity work.
Mentoring sessions and donations made to Future For All Foundation, An NGO in Ghana that supports youth football development at the grassroot level.

</doc>
<doc id="19141663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141663" title="Angelica breweri">
Angelica breweri

Angelica breweri is a species of angelica known as Brewer's angelica. It is native to the high mountain ranges of eastern California and just into western Nevada, where it is a resident of coniferous forests. This is a taprooted perennial herb producing an erect, hollow, hairy stem to heights between 1 and 2 meters. The large leaves are composed of many highly dissected leaflets, each up to 10 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a compound umbel with up to 50 long rays holding clusters of hairy white flowers. The base of each pedicel has a thick webbing. The fruit is a pair of ribbed bodies, each containing a seed.

</doc>
<doc id="19141683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141683" title="Claus Korth">
Claus Korth

Claus Korth (7 November 1911 – 24 January 1988) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of U-57 and U-93. He is also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Claus Korth is credited with the sinking of thirteen ships for a total of 54,584 tons of Allied merchant shipping, including the RMS "Durham Castle" by mine. He was one of 40 survivors of the "Niobe" sinking on 26 July 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19141738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141738" title="Lac de la Vogealle">
Lac de la Vogealle

Lac de la Vogealle is a lake in Haute-Savoie, France. It is located below the Dents Blanches and nearby the Cirque de Sixt-Fer-à-Cheval at an elevation of 2001 m. The lake's surface area varies seasonally. It is surrounded by several galciers the Prazon glacier en the Ruan glacier as well as the Tenneverge Peak. 

</doc>
<doc id="19141748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141748" title="Pardus (browser game)">
Pardus (browser game)

Pardus is an award-winning graphical browser-based MMORPG written in PHP and C/C++ and set in a futuristic universe where players interact and compete in space. It is a persistent-universe, open-ended game with a player-driven economy. Players travel through hundreds of "sectors" or solar systems while trading, building or battling with Non-Player Characters (NPCs) and other players. There are dozens of spacecraft models in Pardus, which can be customized with different weapons, armor and other equipment. Pardus characters do not have a defined 'class'.
Partially inspired by classic computer games such as Elite and Master of Orion II, Pardus was developed and published by the Austrian company Bayer&Szell OG. Alpha testing of the game began September 2004 and the core feature set was finished by October 1, 2006.
Background.
There are three different servers, or "universes", on which a player may create characters, one character per universe. One of these servers is reserved for Premium subscribers. Using more than one account by a player is forbidden, a rule which is strictly enforced.
Races.
Upon completion of the tutorial a player must choose from one of four races: Humans, Rashkir, Ska'ari or Keldon. Each race has a specialization bonus of skills, ship and/or equipment, as well as a starting location appropriate to their species.
Factions.
Factions are an important part of the game. There are three factions in the Pardus universe: the Empire, the Federation, and the Union. Each faction has a certain set of specializations, which gives member pilots access to unique ships and equipment. The two original factions and their ranks are heavily influenced by the Elite video game.
Each faction controls clusters and a smaller Pardus contingent cluster. There are also many neutral (officially) clusters throughout the universe, many of which serve as buffer areas between faction clusters. However, a starbase build by a player belonging to a faction exerts a certain amount of influence both economically and militarily.
Players interactions are key to factions and is promoted by the game. Often on developed servers, cooperation within factions are highly organized. Decisions are often made by players of the biggest and/or most influential faction-affiliated alliances. The level of cooperation is such that on certain servers, the borders of some faction-controlled territory are sealed by military outposts (controlled by players) that prevent foes or unwanted guests from passing. This requires coordination of dozens of players, as the number of buildings each player can build is severely limited.
Syndicates.
There are two Syndicates which generally represent opposed ends of the lawful/lawless spectrum. To join either syndicate, you must meet the reputation requirements of the syndicate. Syndicates are generally smaller than factions and do not claim territories. Each syndicate provides to its members access to unique ships and equipment, as well as daily reputation bonuses (positive or negative).
Basic gameplay.
Pardus is browser-based and requires no downloads to play. From the main interface Players have a view of the local system they are in, plus various screens detailing the buildings in the area, the contents of their ship, the skills of their character and so forth.
All players must complete a tutorial before beginning the game. Though the main game is in English and using languages other than English for communication in open channels is forbidden, the tutorial is also available in Dutch, German, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Finnish, and Spanish. For the duration of the tutorial and a period of time after, a player has access to "Help Chat", in which experienced players make themselves available to assist newer players with problems or questions about the game.
A critically important aspect of the game is the Action Point system. Any interaction with the game world requires Action Points (or APs) to be spent, which regenerate at a rate of 24 APs every 6 minutes throughout the day, up to a maximum of 5000 stored APs. This prevents players who stay in the game all day from gaining a significant advantage over people who only log in once or twice a day for a short time. There are certain skills and in-game items which grant a limited number of extra APs, and players with a Premium Account may accumulate up to 5500 APS instead of 5000.
There are several ways to directly improve a player's character in the game. One of the most common ways is trading, which involves buying commodities and transporting them to another area where they can be sold for a higher price, often benefiting the area as a whole. Fighting NPCs improves a character's various combat attributes. Collecting raw resources improves collecting skills, and practicing hacking or cloaking enables a player to better perform those actions in the future.
Ships and equipment.
There are dozens of ship models available in Pardus, but only one ship is used by a character at any one time. Each ship may be outfitted with various weapons, shields and other equipment. Ships and equipment available to a player depend on the player's faction or syndicate, faction rank, competency level and experience points. Ship and equipment choice depends on what the player intends to use it for, fighting, trading, or a mix of both.
Combat.
Combat in Pardus is turn-based; the player chooses how many rounds to battle against an opponent. The number of hits and damage per hit each round is based on the combat skills and equipment of the character. Luck also plays an important role in combat. Some NPCs may hold a player for additional rounds of combat after a player tries to retreat. The chance of being held and the number of additional combat rounds depends on the type of NPC.
Economy.
Extracting raw materials.
Raw materials can be harvested in space. Each tile, or "field", has a raw material associated with it; for example, open space contains hydrogen fuel, and asteroid fields contain ore. Each field holds a maximum of 500 units (tons) of its respective material. However, the more a field is harvested, the slower the field regenerates, and the less can be harvested from the field unless it is given sufficient time to regenerate. This often leads to fields that are "strip-mined", meaning raw materials are very scarce or in insufficient quantities to be harvested. Strip-mined fields are one of the most common difficulties encountered by players in the more populated areas of the universe. Also, players who strip-mine may find themselves an enemy of other pilots.
Constructing buildings.
Players can construct a variety of buildings, in order to produce commodities associated with that building. Buildings produce and consume commodities every six hours, a process known as "ticking". The commodities consumed and produced in a building depend on the type of building. Improving building's Production Level increases the output, but also the efficiency of production. Players may stock their own buildings, or they may leave their buildings open to trade with other players; likewise, they may collect the produced goods themselves or leave those goods for sale for other players to consider purchasing.
Buildings are classified as "Low-level" (including asteroid mines and fuel collectors), "Mid-level" (including Electronics Facilities and Breweries), and "High-level" (including Hand Weapons Factories and Military Outposts.) Each have their own initial start-up costs and their unique necessary upkeep, some high-end buildings require a certain amount of experience or APs played before construction is allowed.
A few buildings, such as Drug Stations and Dark Domes, though lucrative, will cause the player reputation loss if built, with additional reputation losses if they are built in faction space. This reputation loss is often used by pirates to easily gain acceptance into The Shadow Syndicate and enjoy relevant benefits.
Buildings can be raided by other players, which prompts owners to install building defenses to secure their business. These defense modules need to be destroyed before commodities can be stolen and allows the owner and his allies time to react to the attack. Undefended buildings can be damaged and eventually destroyed with subsequent attacks. Damaged buildings can be repaired by their owner.
Starbases.
An important function of starbases is providing players with a place to repair their vessels, provided the starbase owner builds a repair facility onto it. Starbases may also produce spacecraft and equipment, which the owner may then sell to other players. This is a very popular function, as player-built ships and equipment is usually considerably cheaper then their regular price offered by NPC starbases and planets. Unlike other buildings, starbases may be transferred to another player or conquered by force. Starbases also play a key role in faction wars, especially in the Pardus Contigents.
Trading and missions.
The basic method of obtaining wealth in Pardus is trading. Players buy goods from a planet, starbase or building, then travel to another to sell it in a "buy low-sell high" fashion. Many players establish trade routes between certain buildings which they maintain regularly. NPC starbases and planets have dynamic pricing which adjusts the commodity price according to the supply.
Planets and starbases hold randomly generated missions that replenish as soon as they are completed by players. The bulletin boards offering these missions refresh two times a day. There is a variety of missions; for instance killing non-player characters (NPCs), delivering packages, or transporting VIPs. When a mission is completed successfully, the player receives a reward of credits (the in-game money); if the mission was a faction mission, the player will receive an amount of rank increase, or if the mission was a neutral (non-faction) mission, the player will receive an amount of "competency" instead. As competency level or faction rank increases, more difficult and rewarding missions will become available. There are also special faction missions available only during times of war. EPS members have 67% more neutral missions available to them than other pilots.
Raiding, piracy, bounty hunting and smuggling.
A player does not have to be a legal trader, and can earn money through combat or illegal trade. With the proper equipment, a player may raid another player's spacecraft or building, a sometimes quite profitable exercise. Some players take pirating to an extreme and attempt to destroy anyone they can; these pirates often get bountied. A bounty can be placed on any player or building by the system or by other players. If a player kills a bountied player or destroys a bountied building, they will automatically receive the sum of all bounties that were placed on that particular individual or that building.
Smuggling is a risky but often very profitable venture. Illegal commodities may be sold to other players or to the black market available on any planet or a starbase with a population over 30,000. There is a chance a player will be detected by the authorities when selling to a black market, however, which might result in a faction bounty. EPS pilots may have equipment that can detect illegal contraband on ships and will turn you over to authorities.
Player interaction.
An important aspect of Pardus is interaction between players. Most players join a faction and one of the many player-made alliances, which range from just a few members to dozens. Chat channels and forums are available for trading, alliance discussions, and other topics. Players often plan economies together in order to produce maximum profits, build Military Outpost "walls", and can attack or ambush targets together that they would not be able to defeat alone.
PvP combat.
Player versus player (PvP) combat is frequent in Pardus. Like combat with an NPC, PvP combat is turn-based. Players may also set ambushes that are triggered by other players, even if the ambusher is offline. PvP combat is particularly intense during faction wars. Alliances can also declare a Private Conflict on each other. PvP killing not associated with faction war, private conflict, or bounty hunting is always considered piracy.
Alliances.
There are also player-made alliances in Pardus; many alliances claim a section of space by building a blockade of military outposts (which are able to be equipped with defenses not available to other buildings). The players and their buildings behind the outposts are then safe from all but the most determined attackers.
Alliances come in two versions, Veiled and Disclosed.
Premium subscriptions.
Premium subscriptions give access to three Pardus contingent clusters, with a total of 20 sectors, each owned by one of the factions, and the unique central Pardus sector. Contingent cluster sectors are providing benefits to players belonging to the owning faction. Unlike regular faction territory their ownership can change based on player activities. Only the central Pardus cluster, offering unique NPC opponents and additional rules, remains neutral at all times.
Players may also get a free Premium subscription with the Pardus "referral program".
Awards.
Pardus won the Best Free Online RPG award in the 2005 Online Game Awards held by GameOgre.
Social networking research.
By collecting anonymous data from users Pardus has been used in social networking research, with particular attention to positive versus negative relationships with other players and how those relationships impact behavior and other interactions. 
Though certainly not unique in collecting electronic user data, Pardus is particularly useful for studying social interactions and complex networks due to the unusual depth of the social networking information collected in the game. Because Pardus is player-driven and open-ended, it acts similarly to agent-based models, with the important distinction of the "agents" being real people instead of programmed. By tracking how relationships, positive or negative, evolve and impact the Pardus society on micro and macro scales, researchers have been able to validate a long-standing social psychology theory known as social balance theory. 
Funding for the research includes the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council and the Austrian Science Fund. 

</doc>
<doc id="19141765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141765" title="Arem language">
Arem language

Arem is an endangered language spoken in a small area on either side of the Laos–Vietnam border. In 1996 there were estimated to be about twenty speakers in each country. It is therefore on the verge of extinction. Its nearest relative may be the Chut language of Vietnam.
Arem lacks the breathy phonation common to most Vietic languages, but does have glottalized final consonants.

</doc>
<doc id="19141789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141789" title="Henry Isaac Stevens">
Henry Isaac Stevens

Henry Isaac Stevens was an architect based in Derby. He was born in London, in 1806, and died in 1873. In the late 1850s he changed his name to Isaac Henry Stevens.
Family.
His parents were Isaac Stevens and Elizabeth Young.
He married Anne, the daughter of William Martin on 7 August 1832 in Repton, Derbyshire. They had four children.
In the 1861 census he is listed as Isaac H Stevens living in Ashbourne Road, Mackworth, Derbyshire.
In the 1871 census he is listed as living at 20 Peartree Road in Litchurch, Derby.
Career.
In 1849 he is listed as being based on Friar Gate in Derby.
In 1857 he is listed as living in Mackworth.

</doc>
<doc id="19141805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141805" title="MSCC">
MSCC

MSCC is a four-letter acronym, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19141864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141864" title="Koel Mallick">
Koel Mallick

Koel Mallick (born Rukmini Mallick 28 April 1982) is an Indian actress who appears in Bengali films.Raima Sen And Riya Sen is Aunt.
Early life and education.
Koel was born in Kolkata, West Bengal to Bengali actor Ranjit Mallick and Deepa Mallick, of Kolkata's notable Mallick "Bari" of Bhowanipore (i.e., the Mallick family, which is closely associated with the powerful Barat and Gupta families), which is famed for its Durga Puja. Koel did her schooling from Modern High School for Girls, and completed a BSc (honors) in psychology from the Gokhale Memorial Girls' College, an affiliated college of the University of Calcutta.
Career.
Film.
Mallick's screen debut was in "Nater Guru" - opposite Jeet. "Nater Guru" was a super hit at the box office. The film, released in 2003, marked Mallick's entry into Tollywood. "Nater Guru", which has Jeet in the male lead, sees Mallick playing the role of a 23-year-old girl named Monica. Since the release of "Nater Guru" the pair has worked together often, appearing in eleven films.
In 2004, she starred in "Debipaksha", "Shudhu Tumi", "Badsha The King" and "Bandhan". While the first two performed poorly at the box office, "Bandhan" was a huge success in Bengal and was a blockbuster at the box office. It was also the highest grossing Bengali film of 2004.
In 2005, Mallick appeared in "Shubhodrishti", "Manik", "Yuddho" and "Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai". She appeared in "Yuddho" opposite actors Mithun Chakraborty and Debasree Roy. The film recorded an initial collection of 1.2 crore (12 million) in its first week. In 2006, she took on a more serious role in "MLA Fatakeshto" in which she played a reporter. She also starred in the Bengali remake of "Love Story", the 2008 film "Love".
Television.
Mallick made her television debut with her talk-show "Katha O Kahini". The show went on to the channel Star Jalsha. In 2013 Koel was on TV again as a celebrity judge in the Bengali version of "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" along with renowned Bollywood choreographer Remo D'Souza. The show aired on ETV Bangla.
Brand endorsements.
Mallick has endorsed a variety of multi-national brands and has done television commercials for TVS Motor Company, Fair & Lovely, Panasonic, Vaseline etc.
Personal life.
Mallick married Nispal Singh (Rane) on 1 February 2013. They had been in a relationship for seven years before that, but both of them had decided to keep their relationship away from the glamour world of Tollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="19141923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141923" title="SKYbrary">
SKYbrary

SKYbrary is a wiki created by the European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation, International Civil Aviation Organization, and the Flight Safety Foundation to create a comprehensive source of aviation safety information freely available online. It was launched in May 2008 on a platform based on MediaWiki. The Flight Safety Foundation (a founding member) defines SKYbrary's goal as: capturing authoritative aviation industry information and create cumulative knowledge, especially with regard to critical safety issues. HindSight Magazine related to SKYbrary received the Cecil A. Brownlow Publication Award in 2009 at the FSF International Air Safety Seminar (IASS).
SKYbrary's way of working.
SKYbrary is driven by a risk based knowledge management approach, meaning:
SKYbrary's Content Management and Quality Assurance process described in detail by the content manager.
SKYbrary uses the Semantic MediaWiki extension to annotate semantic data within articles.
SKYbrary Structure.
The SKYbrary front page gives visitors access to aviation safety knowledge via three portals. Each portal then contains numerous categories of articles chosen because of their relevance to aviation safety professionals. Current categories in use:

</doc>
<doc id="19141932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141932" title="Bit language">
Bit language

Bit is a language spoken by around 1,500 people in northern Laos, concentrated in the provinces of Louang Namtha and Phongsali. There are thought to be about another 500 speakers over the border in Yunnan Province, China. It has been classified as Khmuic, Palaungic, and as Mangic.
In China, the Buxing people (布兴, 布幸, or 布醒; IPA: are also called Kami 佧米人 or Kabi 佧比人 (IPA: [khabit).
Distribution.
In Laos, Bit is spoken by 2,000 people in the villages of Nam Lie, Nam Lan, Nam Liaŋ, Nam Pauk, Bɔn Tsɛm Mɑi, Nam Tha, Bɔn Hui Huo, Bɔn Bɔm Phiŋ, and Nam Nɔi (Gao 2004). The speakers call themselves "Laubit." Kingsada (1999) covers the Khabit ("khaa bet") language of Nale village, Bun Neua District, Phongsaly Province, Laos.
In Mengla County, Yunnan, China, Bit (Buxing) is spoken by 539 people as of 2000, in the following villages (Gao 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="19141935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141935" title="Dendura">
Dendura

Dendura is an Ancient Egyptian themed progressive metal band from the United States.
The band is composed of Aziza A. Poggi (Vocals & keys), Steve Wethy (Guitar, back up vocals), Paul Stein (Guitar) and Greg Cloon (Bass).
History.
Originally formed in February 2004, Dendura played throughout Michigan and opened their first show for national Level/C before losing their original drummer putting them on a year and a half hiatus. The band then went through a series of short lived drummers and keyboardists.
In April 2006, Dendura released "New Life", their debut album that attracted several film directors who licensed tracks for "Perception", "InZero", and the award-winning film "Broken". Dendura also penned a metal version of "In the Hall of the Mountain King" for the Comedy Central series "Monsters Ballz" and appeared on the ABC affiliate WZZM (Grand Rapids, Michigan).
In 2007, "New Life" gained distribution through Sonic Cathedral, one of the largest on-line stores for female vocal music. By August, it had sold well enough to catch the attention of KillZone Records who signed them shortly thereafter.
Dendura has tracks on three CD compilations: The official ProgPower 2007 festival compilation, the "Bootleg" compilation for WGRD 97.9 FM in Grand Rapids, and the "Sirens" sampler from Sonic Cathedral due out in the Fall of 2008.
Dendura has performed with Edguy, Light This City, Epica, Doro Pesch, Scar Symmetry, and Unexpect. They have also performed in Saint Paul, Minnesota, at the all-female fronted metal festival, Flight of the Valkyries and filmed a music video with award winning director, Mike Madigan, for a song that will be featured on their upcoming album.
Dendura was featured in the international UK magazine Metal Hammer.
Dendura was interviewed by The Underground Music Magazine in the 60th issue (February/March, 2008). [http://www.maelstrom.nu/ezine/complete_iss60.htm]
The band caught attention from Killzone Records and Grammy Award Winning Producer Neil Kernon (Nile, Dokken, Nevermore, Queensrÿche, Judas Priest) to work on their sophomore album. They recorded with Mr Kernon in their own studio in Grand Rapids, MI before realizing funds were not available per Killzone Records leaving them to pay for it themselves. The band still desired to finish the album, but had not the funds to complete it. Dendura has since disbanded in 2010 although still speak of completing the album when possible. Since the disbanding of Dendura, a new desire to recreate a new band with Dendura's first keyboardist, Alicia Menninga along with drummer Erik Sales, bassist Greg Cloon, guitarist Daniel Cruzan and Dendura's singer on vocals Aziza A. Poggi. The new band is called Aria Flame. Representing the myth of the phoenix rising from its own ashes. The band performs Dendura songs, as covers.

</doc>
<doc id="19141969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141969" title="Terry Blair (serial killer)">
Terry Blair (serial killer)

Terry Blair (born September 16, 1961) is an American serial killer, who raped and killed at least seven women in Kansas City, Missouri.
Family history.
Terry Blair was born into a family which would have many encounters with the criminal justice system. He was the fourth eldest of 10 siblings, born to a mother who had only finished the 9th grade and suffered from mental illness.
While in jail for a separate incident, his brother, Walter Blair, Jr., met a man who offered to pay him $6,000 to kill Katherine Jo Allen so she could not testify at his rape trial. Blair confessed to abducting Allen from her apartment before taking her to a vacant lot and shooting her. He was convicted of murder and was executed in 1993.
Half brother Clifford Miller was convicted in the 1992 abduction of a woman from a bar. He shot the woman in the arm and drove her to an abandoned house before raping her repeatedly and beating her until she passed out. She suffered a gunshot wound, fractured skull, broken jaw and broken cheek bones. She spent two months in the hospital, recovering. Clifford Miller was sentenced to two life sentences plus 240 years for charges including kidnapping and forcible sodomy.
Mother Janice Blair fatally shot Elton E. Gray, but was sentenced to probation after entering an Alford plea.
Nephew Diamond Blair was convicted in 2013 of Second Degree Murder in the slaying of 22-year-old Montague Kevin Ashline on June 24, 2009.
Crimes.
Below is the list of victims Terry Blair was convicted of killing:
Blair was also accused in two other murders (Sandra Reed and Nellia Harris), an assault, and three rapes. These charges were later dropped.
Murder of Angela Monroe in 1982.
In 1982, the pregnant Angela Monroe, mother of two of Blair's children, was murdered. Blair was sentenced to 25 years imprisonment for this murder. He was released on parole after serving 21 years. According to court records he was angry with Monroe for performing acts of prostitution.
Trial and imprisonment for murders that happened in 2003-2004.
On October 15, 2004, Terry Blair was charged with eight counts of first-degree murder, one count of first-degree assault, and three counts of forcible rape. Two of the murder charges (the ones for Sandra Reed and Nellia Harris) were dropped in October 2003. The rape and assault charges were also dropped.
The murders came to light when a caller informed 911 of dead bodies and claimed responsibility for the killings. The caller stated that the reason the individuals were killed was that they were prostitutes and therefore they were "scum". Investigators were not able to tie Blair to the phone, but established that the calls were made from near where he lived. Linguistics testimony was introduced, and the finder of fact came to believe the voice was Blair's.
Although the evidence was mainly circumstantial, Blair's semen was found on one victim. Blair's defense was that this item of evidence only proved he had engaged in sex with the victim; the prosecution countered that since she hadn't tidied herself up afterwards, he must have been the last to see her alive. Because Blair continues to deny responsibility for the crimes, his motive cannot be understood beyond a compulsion to kill prostitutes.
Prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty in exchange for Blair waiving his right to a jury trial. Blair was found guilty by Judge John O'Malley on March 27, 2008. For these six murders he was sentenced to six life sentences with no possibility of parole.
Blair is currently housed in the Potosi Correctional Center in Mineral Point, Missouri.
Blair appealed his conviction, but his appeal was denied by the Missouri Court of Appeals in August, 2009.
Trivia.
The case of the seven homicides he was convicted of is featured in the episode "A Serial Killer Calls" of the TV show "The First 48" and "The Killer Speaks". The episode follows detectives as they receive information of the death of the first woman found on Prospect Avenue all the way up until his capture. In the episode, Blair admits to the killing of Angela Monroe for the first time since he was convicted of the killing in 1982. He maintains his innocence, however, in the Prospect murders.

</doc>
<doc id="19141986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19141986" title="Body ornamentation">
Body ornamentation

Practices of body ornamentation are a cultural universal (found in all human societies). 
They can involve

</doc>
<doc id="19142027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142027" title="Richard Charles Sutton">
Richard Charles Sutton

Richard Charles Sutton was an architect based in Nottingham. He was born 1834 and died on 18 October 1915.
Personal life.
In the 1861 census he is listed as living at Gill Street, Sherwood, Nottingham, with wife Henrietta, daughter Ada (b. 1859) and Ernest R (b. 1860).
His wife Henrietta died on 6 September 1868 in Carisbroke House, Forest Grove, Nottingham.
In the 1881 census he is listed as a widow living at 2 Southey Street, Nottingham, with daughter Ada (b. 1859) and Ernest R (b. 1860), Henrietta T (b. 1861), Charles R.A. (b. 1863), and Eleanor A. (b. 1864).
In the 1901 census he is listed as living in 1 Hardy Street, Nottingham, with wife Jane.
He was a member of Nottingham City Council from 1887 - 1901.
Career.
He was articled to Samuel Sanders Teulon and commenced independent practice in Nottingham in 1857. He went into partnership with his son, Ernest Richard Eckett Sutton, in 1894. He retired in 1906.
He attended to the execution of Richard Thomas Parker outside Shire Hall, Nottingham on 10 August 1864. This was the last execution in Nottingham.
He stood as Liberal candidate for the Sherwood Ward of Nottingham Town Council in the elections of 1886, and won.

</doc>
<doc id="19142095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142095" title="Lycophidion">
Lycophidion

Lycophidion is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly referred to as the wolf snakes.
The genus contains these species:

</doc>
<doc id="19142141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142141" title="Atari System">
Atari System

Atari System refers to two arcade system boards introduced in 1984 for use in various arcade games from Atari Games. Two versions of the board were released, Atari System 1 and Atari System 2. Each of them ran five games each.
Atari System 1.
The Atari System 1 was Atari Games' first upgradeable arcade game hardware platform. Introduced in 1984, the System 1 platform was used for the games:
The hardware used a large circuit board with a Motorola 68010 main CPU running at 7.159 MHz, a MOS Technology 6502 sound CPU running at 1.789 MHz, a system ROM, text and graphics display hardware, and control interfaces. Two large edge-card connectors allowed a "cartridge board" to be plugged in; the cartridge board supplied the main program ROMs, sound program ROMs, graphics ROMs, graphics shift registers, a "SLAPSTIC" copy protection chip, a Yamaha YM2151 FM sound generator, a POKEY and (for some games) TI TMS5220 LPC speech synthesis chip. System 1 was capable of generating a max resolution of 336 x 240 with 256 colors from a palette of 1024 colors.
Converting one System 1 game into another generally required replacing the cartridge board, attraction marquee, control panel, and in some cases installing additional controls (e.g., foot pedal for Road Blasters).
Several games (most notably Gauntlet and Gauntlet II) used hardware that was electrically very similar to System 1, but implemented on a single board rather than using a cartridge board.
Early System 1 boards and cartridge boards used large numbers of 7400 series TTL chips. These boards were later replaced by the functionally identical "System 1 LSI Main" and "LSI Cartridge" boards, which used ASICs for reduced manufacturing costs.
Modular or upgradeable video games were not commonly offered by the major video game companies in the 1970s and 1980s, because it was more profitable to sell an entirely new machine. System 1 and the Japanese JAMMA wiring standard were attempts to move to a modular solution, though there were many smaller companies that sold conversion kits for competitors' hardware.
The System 1 and its games are noted for the use of "raw" sounding FM Synthesizers for sound effects and music: that is, the music many times used instruments that had the modulation settings turned too high or too low to emulate realistic sounding instruments, instead creating a warbly or noisy sound.
Atari System 2.
Very soon after the introduction of the Atari System 1, the Atari System 2 was introduced. The System 2 platform was used for the games:
Probably the most noticeable difference between the System 2 and System 1 games was the fact that the System 2 used higher resolution graphics. The video resolution was 512x384 and as such a medium-resolution monitor was used (System 1 used low resolution).
The hardware was similar to its predecessor in the fact that it used 2 main circuit boards. In this case it used a "CPU board" and a "Video Board". The EPROMs were split between both boards.
The main CPU was a Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) T-11 microprocessor running at 10 MHz.
The sound CPU was a MOS Technology 6502 running at 1.789 MHz, and the sound chips used were a Yamaha YM2151 running at approx. 3.579 MHz, 2 POKEYs at approx. 1.789 MHz and a TMS5220 running at 625 kHz.

</doc>
<doc id="19142146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142146" title="Mika Taanila">
Mika Taanila

Mika Taanila (b. 1965 in Helsinki) is a Finnish film director and visual artist.
His films can be categorized somewhere between the traditions of classic documentary film-making, avant-garde and video art. His most notable films are "Optical Sound" (2005), winner of the under 30 minute prize at the 2005 Tampere Film Festival, "The Future Is Not What It Used To Be" (2002) and "Futuro – A New Stance for Tomorrow" (1998).
In addition to traditional cinematic screenings, Taanila shows his works also in galleries and museum as film and video installations.
Taanila has participated to numerous international group shows, such as Arctic Hysteria at PS.1. (2008), Shanghai Biennale (2006), Berlin Biennale (2004) and Manifesta 4 (2002). Solo shows include TENT, Rotterdam (2013), Galleria Heino, Helsinki (2010), Badischer Kunstverein, Karlsruhe (2008), Dazibao, Montréal (2007) and Migrosmuseum, Zurich (2005).
In the summer 2012 Taanila participated at dOCUMENTA (13) with a three channel ( 3 x 16 metres) video installation "The Most Electrified Town In Finland" (2012). The piece uses documentary footage during the construction of Olkiluoto 3 nuclear power plant in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19142159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142159" title="Venus on the Half-Shell and Others">
Venus on the Half-Shell and Others

Venus on the Half-Shell and Others (ISBN 978-1-59606-128-6) is a collection mostly of science fiction author Philip José Farmer's pseudonymous fictional-author literary works, edited by Christopher Paul Carey and published in 2008. Farmer describes a fictional-author story as "a tale supposedly written by an author who is a character in fiction." Carey, who had access to Farmer's correspondence while editing the book, reveals in his introduction that in the early to mid-1970s Farmer planned to edit an anthology of fictional-author stories by other writers. Farmer solicited fictional-author stories from authors such as Arthur Jean Cox, Philip K. Dick, Leslie Fiedler, Ron Goulart, Howard Waldrop, and Gene Wolfe, urging them to submit their stories to venues such as "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction". Only Cox, Waldrop, and Wolfe completed their stories and had them published, although Philip K. Dick's never realized fictional-author story "A Man for No Countries" as by Hawthorne Abendsen is said to have led Dick to write his posthumous novel "Radio Free Albemuth". In the end, Farmer's fictional-author anthology never materialized.
The Tom Wode Bellman Controversy.
The Foreword by Tom Wode Bellman in "Venus on the Half-Shell and Others" states that Bellman was also solicited by Farmer to write a fictional-author story entitled "The Wee Weepers of Mu" as by Gabriel Weltstein, which was reputedly published in 1976 in a fanzine called "Kukuanafan", although there has been some debate as to whether the name Tom Wode Bellman is itself a fictional-author pseudonym. The July 2008 issue of "" published a Guest of Honor speech which Farmer presented at the science fiction convention Balticon 11 that only adds to the Bellman mystery. In the speech, Farmer states that he planned to write a novel about the science fiction community featuring a protagonist named Tom Wode Bellman. However, an essay accompanying the speech, purportedly by Bellman, claims that Farmer merely used Bellman's name for the character as a joke.

</doc>
<doc id="19142174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142174" title="Nutriomics">
Nutriomics

Nutriomics is an omics study for nutrition and energy metabolism related genes and proteins. Nutriomics is a new field where traditional nutrition researchers adopt genomics technology such as large scale microarray analysis with food intake.

</doc>
<doc id="19142189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142189" title="Kochelsee Railway">
Kochelsee Railway

The Kochelseebahn ('Lake Kochel railway') is a branch line in Upper Bavaria ("Oberbayern"), Germany, that is just under 36 km long, single-tracked and fully electrified. It is operated by the Deutsche Bahn AG as route 961 in their List of German scheduled railway routes. The "Kochelseebahn" branches in Tutzing from the Munich Hauptbahnhof–Garmisch-Partenkirchen main line and runs from there via Penzberg to Kochel by the Kochelsee lake that gives the line its name.
The section from Tutzing to Bichl is classed as a main line, the remainder as a branch line. The route was electrified on 4 March 1925 and is currently (2006) worked by electric multiples of the DBAG Class 425/426.
Apart from a few exceptions in the morning commuter services the trains run hourly, with a crossing in Bichl shortly before the half-hour and good connections in Tutzing in both directions. The commuter services run straight through to and from Munich Hauptbahnhof (main station), the crossing then usually takes place in Seeshaupt due to the change in frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19142192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142192" title="Test Drive Le Mans">
Test Drive Le Mans

Test Drive Le Mans (known as Le Mans 24 Hours in Europe) is a video game released for the PlayStation, Microsoft Windows, Game Boy Color and Dreamcast. Based on the famous 24 hours of Le Mans race in France, the player is invited to race the entire 24 hour endurance course or take part in a simpler arcade mode.
Reception.
"Test Drive Le Mans" was met with mixed to positive reviews. Aggregating review website GameRankings gave the Dreamcast version 89.50%, the Game Boy Color version 75.43%, the PlayStation version 69.69% and the PC version 68.05%.

</doc>
<doc id="19142228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142228" title="Hans-Werner Bothe">
Hans-Werner Bothe

Hans-Werner Bothe (born September 23, 1952 in Langelsheim, near Goslar) is a German philosopher and neurosurgeon. Bothe is founder of the recent field of research on Neurobionics.
Life.
Bothe studied Philosophy and Medicine from 1973 until 1981 in Tübingen und Mainz, graduated 1978 in Philosophy with Magister Artium, later working for three years at the Max-Planck-Institute for Neurological Research in Cologne. He received his PhD in 1983 (thesis: "Artificial Brain Abscess in Cats and Therapy with Antibiotics and Steroids").
He specialized in Neurosurgery and completed his residency training at Johannes Gutenberg-University in Mainz. After achieving habilitation in 1991 he taught at Hanover Medical School and worked together with Madjid Samii at Nordstadt Hospital in Hanover. In 1993 he obtained a tenured professor for Neurosurgery at Westfälische Wilhelms-University in Münster.
Bothe initiated and organized the "1st International Workshop on Neurobionics" in 1992 and founded thereby the recent field of research on Neurobionics, which aims at substitution of impaired functions of brain and spinal cord by neurosurgical implantation of microelectronic systems. For that purpose he brought together an international consortium of scientists covering for mathematics, neuroinformatics, biological basic research, microsystems, and medicine.
Alterations of personality traits (antisocial behaviour concomitant to impaired moral decision making) observable after deep brain stimulation of the subthalamic nucleus (for therapy of Parkinsonian patients) brought him to be engaged in the problem of determinism and free will from both the perspective of neuroscience, and philosophy of mind: He accounts for the conviction that there is merely limited causality on the relationsship between activity of the brain and phenomenological events of the 1st person perspective due to non-linearity of cerebral information processing and supported logically by Gödel's incompleteness theorems.

</doc>
<doc id="19142329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142329" title="Philippines men's national under-19 basketball team">
Philippines men's national under-19 basketball team

The men's national under-19 basketball team of the Philippines represents the country in junior men's under-18 and under-19 FIBA tournaments.
Current roster.
Philippines roster at the 2014 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship:
Past rosters.
2010 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship: finished 5th among 16 teams
Kiefer Ravena, Von Rolfe Pessumal, Joshua Angelo Alolino, Rafael Banal, Roldan Sara, Kyle Neypes, Jeron Teng, Russell Escoto, Gwynne Capacio, Cris Tolomia, Jeth Troy Rosario, Kevin Ferrer (Coach: Eric Altamirano)

</doc>
<doc id="19142401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142401" title="Mandsaur Fort">
Mandsaur Fort

Mandsaur Fort, also known as Dashpur Fort, is situated in Mandsaur city in Mandsaur district in Madhya Pradesh state of India. 
Strategic Importance.
The Mandsaur city is situated on the border of Malwa and Mewar and as such was strategically very important. After the attack of Timur, the Delhi Sultanate became weak. Dilawar Khan Ghauri was governor of the Malwa province of central India during the decline of the Delhi Sultanate. Dilawar Khan declared himself Sultan of Malwa in 1401, and passed the kingdom to his son Hoshang Shah upon his death. Thus he had practically come to Mandu in 1401 as the first King of Malwa. Dilawar had also shifted the capital from Dhar to Mandu, renaming it Shadiabad, the city of joy. The successor of Dilawar Khan Gauri was Hushang Shah Gori (1405-1435), who constructed fort at strategically important Mandsaur city to strengthen his north-west boundary. He is also remembered for his wonderful taste in architecture. It was he who made Mandu one of the most impregnable forts of India. The Sisodia rulers of Mewar by this time were becoming strong. Mandsaur fort was mainly associated with Mandu rulers. 
In 1519 Rana Sanga occupied the fort and appointed Ashokmal Rajput as its Kiledar. In 1535 Humayun also stayed here for few months during his Malwa expedition. During Sher Shah period Sadar Khan was appointed its Kiledar. During the reign of Akbar Mandsaur got the status of sarkar. In 1733 the Malwa subedar of Mughals Sawai Jaisingh attacked the fort but was defeated by Marathas and the fort went to Marathas. The historically most important event in the fort was the treaty of 1818 between Tantiya Jog senapati of Malhar Rao Holkar II and Sir John Malcum under which Malwa came in occupation of British rule. 
Mandsaur Fort's Construction.
The fort has twelve gates. It is surrounded by an outer wall. The south-east gate is known as Nadi Darwaja. On the side of this gate is an inscription which reveals that it was constructed by an army officer Mukbil Khan in 1490 during the tenure of Giyas Shah (1469-1500). 
Modern Days.
The Fort premises are nowadays used as office by collector, District Judge and other Govt officers. There are two gardens in which there is a pillar of torandwar. It is believed to be pillar of Surya Mandir of the inscription of Bandhu Varma. There is a Shiva statue also in the garden. 
Early Rulers.
Bandhu Varma was contemporary of Kumargupta I and Samudragupta. He was ruler of Mandsaur before Huna victory of Yashodharman. There is an inscription about Bandhu Varma at Mandsaur. The silk workers had constructed Sun temple here which was repaired by Bandhu Varma in samvat 530 (473 AD). This indicates that he was present there till 473 AD. After Bandhuvarma the ruler of Mandsaur was Vishnuvardhan who erected a pillar of victory at Bayana due to which Bayana’s name became Vijaygarh. Vishnuvardhan and Yasodharman assumed the title of Samrat after they occupied the territories of Bandhuvarma. It is also mentioned that Vishnuvardha had assumed the title of ‘Maharajadhiraja’ or Emperor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19142414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142414" title="Hindustan F.C.">
Hindustan F.C.

Hindustan Football Club is an Indian football club from Delhi. Formed in 1948 the club usually played in the I-League 2nd Division till 2012.
History.
Hindustan FC was founded in 1948 in Delhi.
Hindustan Football Academy has taken Spanish professional coach Oscar Bruzone on board for a period of two years.He is to train Delhi's budding footballers in the age group of Under-12 and Under-16 .

</doc>
<doc id="19142421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142421" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1977–1980">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1977–1980

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1977 to 21 May 1980. The chamber had 32 seats made up of 16 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire at each triennial election. A new province, East Metropolitan, was added at the 1977 election. During the term, the National Country Party split in two over the issue of coalition with the Liberal Party, with supporters of the Coalition remaining in the National Country Party (NCP), and opponents creating a new National Party (NP). They reunited in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19142422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142422" title="Chris Clark (deminer)">
Chris Clark (deminer)

Christopher "Chris" Clark is a renowned mine action expert. He has been awarded the Military Cross for conspicuous bravery under fire and the MBE for his role in the evacuation of foreign nationals from South Lebanon during the 2006 war. He has twice been awarded a UN Commendation for efficiency in improving UN co-ordination and effectiveness. In 2008 Clark and the Lebanese and international staff of the mine action programme in south Lebanon received the Nansen Refugee Award from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in recognition of their commitment to the refugee cause.
Background.
Chris Clark was born in Essex, England on 17 June 1964. He has 17 years distinguished service in the British Army and was the operations manager in Kosovo (UNMIK), United Nations Programme Manager for Sudan and Programme Manager for the mine action programme in Lebanon. When he retired from mine action in 2011, Clark was employed by the United Nations Mine Action Service at their Geneva office.
Lebanon.
In 2003, Clark was appointed both as the United Nations Programme Manager for the mine action programme in South Lebanon as well as the Programme Manager for the Mine Action Coordination Center. He was directly responsible for the management and co-ordination of both the landmine clearance operation, following the Israeli withdrawal in May 2000, and the un-exploded cluster bomb clearance operation, following the 2006 Lebanon War.
In his five years in Lebanon Clark led the UNMACC-SL in clearing over 144,580 sub-munitions and helped facilitate the safe return of almost one million internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees.
After receiving the Nansen Award, Clark announced that he would donate the prize money to a community project near Tyre in Southern Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="19142424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142424" title="Annitsford railway station">
Annitsford railway station

Annitsford railway station served the village of Dudley in Northumberland, England, and was located on the East Coast Main Line to the north of Newcastle upon Tyne. The railway station was located in Dudley but was named after the nearby village of Annitsford, to avoid confusion with another Dudley in the Midlands.
History.
Opened by the North Eastern Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The station was then closed by the British Transport Commission.
The site today.
Trains still pass on the now electrified East Coast Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="19142494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142494" title="Secular Organizations for Sobriety">
Secular Organizations for Sobriety

Secular Organizations for Sobriety (SOS), also known as Save Our Selves, is a non-profit network of autonomous addiction recovery groups. The program stresses the need to place the highest priority on sobriety and uses mutual support to assist members in achieving this goal. The Suggested Guidelines for Sobriety emphasize rational decision-making and are not religious or spiritual in nature. SOS represents an alternative to the spiritually based addiction recovery programs such as Alcoholics Anonymous (AA). SOS members may also attend AA meetings, but SOS does not view spirituality or surrender to a Higher Power as being necessary to maintain abstinence.
History.
James Christopher's alcoholism began when he was a teenager. He had originally sought help in Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), but was uncomfortable with the emphasis on God and religion and he began looking for direction in the writings of secular humanists. Christopher wrote about his frustrations with AA and his own developing program for recovery. In 1985, "Free Inquiry" published an article "Sobriety Without Superstition" written by Christopher. He received hundreds of letters in response and decided to organize secular, self-help, alcoholism recovery group meetings. The first such meeting was held in November 1986 in North Hollywood, California, and meetings continue to this day at the Center for Inquiry in Los Angeles and at other locations. Christopher has been continuously sober since 1978.
Processes.
SOS recognizes genetic and environmental factors contributing to addiction, but allows each member to decide whether or not alcoholism is a disease. SOS holds the view that alcoholics can recover (addictive behaviors can be arrested), but that ultimately it is never cured; relapse is always possible. SOS does not endorse sponsor/sponsee relationships.
The SOS program is based on the Suggested Guidelines for Sobriety, that emphasize the "sobriety priority." In order to change, members must make abstinence their top priority; not drinking despite changing conditions in their lives. SOS suggests members follow a daily, three part, Cycle of Sobriety: acknowledgment of their addiction, acceptance of their addictions and prioritization of maintaining sobriety. Members are also encouraged to develop strategies or aphorisms that strengthen their resolve to maintain sobriety. on what SOS teaches
Suggested Guidelines for Sobriety.
These guidelines are suggested by SOS for maintaining sobriety.
Meetings.
While each SOS meeting is autonomous, SOS does provide a meeting format. The opening reading for meeting conveners summarizes their program. Following the reading of the opening, typically there are announcements, acknowledgment of members sobriety anniversaries and a reading of the Suggested Guidelines. The suggested opening reads as follows.
Demographics.
A preliminary survey of SOS members was conducted in 1996. The survey results showed SOS attracted members with secular attitudes; 70% had no current religious affiliation and 70% were self-described atheists or agnostics, while another 22% described themselves as spiritual but non-churchgoers. SOS members were predominantly white (99%) employed (nearly half were employed full-time) males (1/4 of the respondents were female) over the age of 40. Abstinence was the reported goal of 86% of SOS members; 70% of respondents reported that they were currently abstinent (for an average of 6.3 years), another 16% were "mostly abstinent." The majority of SOS members planned long-term affiliation with SOS. Nearly every member surveyed had been exposed to AA, the average rate of AA attendance amongst SOS members in the previous month was 4.5 meetings. A 2007 survey of addiction recovery groups found that religiosity correlated negatively with participation in SOS.

</doc>
<doc id="19142517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142517" title="Mario Mantese">
Mario Mantese

Mario Mantese (born 1951 in Switzerland) is a former bass player of the British-American soul and funk band "Heatwave" and an author of spiritual books.
After leaving a gala/party in London in 1978, he was stabbed in the heart by his girlfriend. For several minutes he was clinically dead before he could be reanimated and operated on. After several months, he awoke from coma blind, mute and paralyzed in his entire body. He could never play bass again and had lost his singing voice. He didn't file charges against the attacker and moved back to Switzerland and wrote about his recovery.He has a male child by the same woman that allegedly stabbed him and is still in touch with her and him.
In his autobiography, Mantese says, "My consciousness was luminous, powerful and clear. At the same time, I was lying there in a paralyzed body, without any possibility to communicate with the outer world. By being blind, I learnt to look inside and became able to see in a special way. Being mute taught me the active power of silence and by being totally paralyzed, I learnt patience and within it, deep contentment ["Zufriedenheit"].
"By this change, currents of light revealed themselves to me, which took me deeper and deeper into the universe and opened up for me entirely new understanding of life in the universe. A spiritualization of the senses happened and I realized that man, indeed, is a cosmic, multidimensional being."
Mantese believes that man continues to live even without his physical body and that life is, in reality, never an occurrence bound to the body. He believes he is timeless and boundless.
Since his recovery, Mantese shares his insights in his darshans and gatherings, now known as Meister M (Master M). "What I exemplify through my life is the following: One can live here with a family, with children, work and responsibility and nevertheless be perfectly boundless and free in the world. In the world, but not from the world. With both feet on the ground and the head in the universe. The awakened man is inconceivable and at the same time conceivable. However, these are not two different things, but one and the same, as the light, depending on the view, appears either as a wave or as a particle."
Approximately a year after being stabbed, Mantese regained his eyesight and later recovered from the paralysis. On his website, he is referred to as a spiritual teacher. He writes books, two of which have been translated into French and one into English. He holds lectures and seminars in German in the Swiss cities of Zürich and Winterthur. In Biel (French part of Switzerland) he speaks French.

</doc>
<doc id="19142548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142548" title="Western India Plywoods Ltd.">
Western India Plywoods Ltd.

Established in 1945, Western India Plywoods Ltd. started manufacture of sawn timber and plywood on a modest scale with a few indigenous and lent-leased machinery. The company was founded by Shri. A.K. Kaderkutty, father of present managing director Mr P K Mohemmed. 
Origin.
Established in 1945 the company started manufacture of sawn timber and plywood with a few indigenous and lent-leased machinery. 
Growth.
Products ranged from Plywoods, Black boards, Flush door, Shuttering and Marine Plywood, Aircraft Plywood etc. The Company planned and executed the hardboard plant between the years 1956 and 1958 with an initial installed capacity of 12.5 tonnes of hardboard per day.Manufacture of densified Wood was commenced on a small scale initially as a part of the plywood plant. An Industrial Licence was obtained in 1974 for manufacture of Densified Wood with a capacity of 2000 M.T. per annum. Since then, the Company has been producing components of densified wood required mainly by the electrical, textile
Patents to Western India's plywood Credit.
1. Radiation induced polymerization of DAP, MMA & PE
2. Radiation induced polymerization of DAP & MMA
3. A process for manufacture of wood polymer composites by gamma irradiation
4. Manufacture of ABS plastics
5. Manufacture of SAN plastics
A patent search indicates that none of these patents are owned by company

</doc>
<doc id="19142563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142563" title="List of scheduled railway routes in Germany">
List of scheduled railway routes in Germany

NB: The scheduled routes given here are based primarily on the timetable of the Deutsche Bahn dated 9 December 2007.
Timetable routes.
The numbering of German timetabled routes ("Kursbuchstrecken" or "KBS") was changed twice by the Deutsche Bundesbahn after the Second World War, in 1950 and 1970. In the Deutsche Reichsbahn (East Germany) the numbering system was completely changed in 1968. The last major revision took place after German reunification in 1992, as a result of which a common system for DB and DR routes was introduced. In addition changes, usually minor, are made annually.
Lower Saxony/Saxony-Anhalt region (300 to 399).
"(ehem. Bundesbahndirektion Hanover)"

</doc>
<doc id="19142567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142567" title="Virginia Frances Sterrett">
Virginia Frances Sterrett

Virginia Frances Sterrett (1900–1931) was an American artist and illustrator.
Sterrett received her first commission at the age of 19 (shortly after she was diagnosed with tuberculosis) from the Penn Publishing Company to illustrate "Old French Fairy Tales" (1920) - a collection of works from the 19th century French author, Comtesse de Ségur (Sophie Fedorovna Rostopchine).
A year after the publication of "Old French Fairy Tales", a new title including commissioned works from Sterrett was presented by the Penn Publishing Company - "Tanglewood Tales" (1921). From 1923, in failing health, Sterrett was able to work on projects for short periods of time only and as a result, she was able to complete just one further commission prior to her death - her own interpretation of "Arabian Nights" (1928).
Her best known work is the suite of illustrations for "Arabian Nights" (1928). She died of tuberculosis.
The comments of the "St Louis Post-Dispatch" in the supplement published following Sterrett's death (published 5 July 1931) pay fitting tribute to her life and work:
Her achievement was beauty, a delicate, fantastic beauty, created with brush and pencil. Almost unschooled in art, her life spent in prosaic places of the West and Middle West, she made pictures of haunting loveliness, suggesting Oriental lands she never saw and magical realms no one ever knew except in the dreams of childhood ...
Perhaps it was the hardships of her own life that gave the young artist's work its fanciful quality. In the imaginative scenes she set down on paper she must have escaped from the harsh actualities of existence.
Works.
All three books were published by the Penn Publishing Company. They were large books with large type, simple stories, and designed to be gift books for children.

</doc>
<doc id="19142649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142649" title="Tariq Jakobsen">
Tariq Jakobsen

Tariq Jakobsen, (born October 2, 1974) is a Danish graphic design artist and illustrator. He studied graphic design at "Copenhagen Technical Academy" in Copenhagen from 2003 to 2007 and font design at "Danmarks Mediehøjskole") in Copenhagen in 2008.
His works have been exhibited at "Gallery Freie Liebe" in Copenhagen 2007 among several places.
His illustrations have been published in several magazines, including "Globalt Talt", which is published by the Danish Ministry for Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19142653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142653" title="John Saumarez Dumaresq">
John Saumarez Dumaresq

Rear Admiral John Saumarez Dumaresq CB, CVO ( ; 26 October 1873 – 22 July 1922) was an officer in the Royal Navy. He served during World War I but is most remembered as an inventor, for development of the device named after him, the Dumaresq, which helped users calculate the rate at which the range to an enemy ship was changing over time. He was the first Australian born officer to command the Royal Australian Navy.
Biography.
Dumaresq was the grandson of a British settler who had originally gone to Australia accompanying the Governor of New South Wales Ralph Darling in 1825. In 1907 he married Christian Elizabeth Louisa Dalrymple.
He lived in England from age two and became a naval cadet at HMS "Britannia" in 1886. He became interested in torpedoes and gunnery and introduced a number of innovations. In 1904 he was promoted to Commander. In 1908 he commanded a flotilla escorting King Edward VII on a tour of Russia and received the MVO from the King and Order of Saint Catherine from the Tsar. On 30 June 1910 he was promoted to captain, working on fire control equipment at the Royal Navy war college at Portsmouth.
In 1913 he became captain of HMS "Shannon" and took part in the Battle of Jutland. He was appointed to the Order of the Bath (CB) for his part in the battle
In February 1917 he was appointed commanding officer of HMAS "Sydney", which was serving as part of the Grand Fleet in the North Sea. Shortly afterwards, the ship and its accompanying patrol were involved in an attack by a Zeppelin. Dumaresq attempted to trap the Zeppelin by ordering the accompanying ships to disperse, leaving the Zeppelin attempting to bomb his ship and coming closer, and then ordering them back forming a ring surrounding the enemy. The Zeppelin remained too high, meaning the ships' anti-aircraft guns could not reach it, but also the Zeppelin could not aim reliably enough to drop bombs on the ships below.
Dumaresq became convinced of the need for aircraft to operate from ships and a platform to his design was installed on "Sydney" in October 1917 for the purpose of launching an aeroplane. During an engagement with enemy destroyers at Heligoland Bight on 1 June 1918, the aircraft was used in action to drive off two attacking German aeroplanes, shooting down one.
Dumaresq was appointed Commodore commanding the Australian fleet on 22 March 1919, as the first Australian born officer to do so. His flagship then became HMAS "Australia". Ships of the Australian navy had been distributed around the world during the war, but now returned to Australian waters based at Sydney. His period of command was marked by disagreement with the Australian government over expenditure upon the navy. In 1920 be received the CVO and in June 1921 was promoted to Rear-Admiral.
In April 1922 he was posted back to the Royal Navy. On the return journey he contracted pneumonia, and died in the US Military Hospital in Manila on 22 July.

</doc>
<doc id="19142655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142655" title="Nicolò Napoli">
Nicolò Napoli

Nicolò Napoli (born February 7, 1962 in Palermo) is an Italian former football player turned manager.
A former professional player with several Serie A teams, including Juventus F.C., he moved to Romania in 2007 to work as a manager with Liga I outfit Universitatea Craiova. On July 5, 2009 he then accepted an offer from another Liga I club, FC Braşov, only to leave it three weeks later due to family issues.
On August 20, 2009 he signed a one-year contract (with an option for a further one-year extension) with Liga I team Astra Ploieşti. He didn't finished his contract, being sacked in April 2010. In 2011, he returned to Craiova for a third spell, but was sacked because of poor results.
In September 2012, Napoli came back to Romania, accepting the offer to manage the newly promoted in Liga I, CS Turnu Severin. He signed a contract until the end of the year, and the agreement wasn't renewed.
At the end of June 2013, he signed an agreement on 3 seasons with Universitatea Craiova club which he returns for the fourth time in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19142657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142657" title="Gallagher v. Crown Kosher Super Market of Massachusetts, Inc.">
Gallagher v. Crown Kosher Super Market of Massachusetts, Inc.

Gallagher v. Crown Kosher Super Market of Massachusetts, Inc., , is a United States Supreme Court case that declared that a kosher butcher store had to abide by the state laws that banned them from selling on Sunday.
Background.
The owners of the Crown Kosher Super Market of Massachusetts were Orthodox Jews whose religion forbids them to shop or sell on their Sabbath (from sundown on Friday until sundown on Saturday) and requires them to eat only kosher food, were keeping their store open on Sunday at times when it was against the Massachusetts state law.
The lawsuit was in a Federal District Court to make certain sections of the Massachusetts Sunday Closing Laws unconstitutional. Specifically, "the selling or delivering of kosher meat by any person who, according to his religious belief, observes Saturday as the Lord's day by closing his place of business during the day until six o'clock in the afternoon, or the keeping open of his shop on the Lord's day for the sale of kosher meat between the hours of six o'clock and ten o'clock in the forenoon."
The store had formerly been open for business all day on Sundays and had done about a third of its weekly business then. It was closed from sundown on Fridays until sundown on Saturdays. The store had claimed that it was economically impractical for it to keep open on Saturday nights and until 10 a.m. on Sundays. Many who bought at the store would not have been able to get meat from Friday afternoon until Monday.
Opinion of the Court.
The court 6-3 approved of the state law, due to the laws not being exclusively religious.
"An examination of recent Massachusetts legislative history bolsters the State's position that these statutes are not religious.
"In general, Sunday laws protect the public by guaranteeing one day in seven to provide a period of rest and quiet. Health, peace and good order of society are thereby promoted. Such provision is essentially civil in character, and the statutes are not regarded as religious ordinances."
Also on the issue of free exercise of religion they stated: "Secondly, appe
s Orthodox Jewish customers allege that, because their religious beliefs forbid their shopping on the Jewish Sabbath, the statutes' effect is to deprive them, from Friday afternoon until Monday of each week, of the opportunity to purchase the kosher food sanctioned by their faith. The orthodox rabbis allege that the statutes' effect greatly complicates their task of supervising the condition of kosher meat, because the meat delivered on Friday would have to be kept until Monday. Furthermore, appellees contend that, because of all this, the statutes discriminate against their religion.
These allegations are similar, although not as grave, as those made by appellants in Braunfeld v. Brown, ante, p. 366 U.S. 599. Since the decision in that case rejects the contentions presented by these appellees on the merits, we need not decide whether appellees have standing to raise these questions."
Justices William O. Douglas, William J. Brennan, Jr. and Potter Stewart dissented from the opinion.
Subsequent developments.
This was one of the four cases decided in 1961 that declared blue laws to be constitutional. The other three were "Braunfeld v. Brown", "Two Guys from Harrison-Allentown, Inc., v. McGinley" and "McGowan v. Maryland".

</doc>
<doc id="19142660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142660" title="Boriswood">
Boriswood

Boriswood Limited was a small London publishing house which was active from 1931 until 1938. The directors, at various times, were Cecil J Greenwood, Kenneth W Marshall, John Morris and the New Zealander Terence T Bond. It also incorporated another imprint Cranley & Day. In its short existence Boriswood published at least 68 titles, in fine limited and trade editions, mainly of new poetry and fiction. 
Boriswood’s first trade edition book was printed in the basement of Boriswood's premises 15A Harrington Road, South Kensington on an electrified platen press. Boriswood’s list was left-leaning, modernist and provocative. Roy Campbell was one of the first poets to be published by the firm ("The Georgiad" 1931) while James Hanley was their most important novelist. 
Hanley’s "Boy" was one of their first books, published in 1931. It eventually led to Boriswood’s prosecution in Manchester in 1935 for obscene libel. Boriswood pleaded guilty (as advised) and was fined a large sum. This, together with the associated controversy, eventually led to its closure and its stock was purchased by Greenwood. T E Lawrence and K W Marshall corresponded about the litigation around "Boy". 
The remaining copies of the trade edition of Boy were sold to the Obelisk Press which re-published it in 1935. (It was republished by Penguin in 1990 with an introduction by Anthony Burgess). 
Amongst Boriswood’s other authors were Georges Bernanos, Hart Crane, Vardis Fisher, Simon Jesty, Archibald MacLeish, John Pudney, Jules Romains and Rex Warner. Boriswood employed important illustrators of the day including David Jones and New Zealand-born artist James Boswell for its illustrated dust wrappers. 
Boriswood's non fiction list included risqué titles for their day such as "The Sexual Impulse" (1935) by Edward Charles and, unusually, a book on furniture and design, extensively illustrated with photographs, "Modern Furniture" (1936) by E Nelson Exton and Frederic H Littman.
References.
Armstrong, J (1997) "The Publication, Prosecution, and Re-Publication of James Hanley’s Boy" 1931. Library s6-19, 351-362
Marriott, P. & Argent, Y, "The Last Days of T E Lawrence: A Leaf in the Wind", Alpha Press, Brighton, 1996
External links.
"Loyal son brings "Boy" back to Life", "Camden New Journal", 31 May 2007 [http://www.thecnj.com/review/053107/feat053107_02.html?headline=Loyal_son_brings_Boy_back_to_life]
"Boy, by James Hanley" "The Independent" [http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/reviews/boy-by-james-hanley-457378.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19142667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142667" title="1992–93 Rugby Football League season">
1992–93 Rugby Football League season

The 1992–93 Rugby Football League season was the 98th ever season of professional rugby league football in Britain. Sixteen teams competed from August, 1992 until May, 1993 for the Stones Bitter Championship, Premiership Trophy and Silk Cut Challenge Cup.
Season summary.
The 1993 Man of Steel Award for player of the season went to Wigan's Andy Platt.
Wigan beat St. Helens 5–4 to win the Lancashire Cup, and Wakefield Trinity beat Sheffield Eagles 29–16 to win the Yorkshire Cup, to date this was final season of the Lancashire Cup and Yorkshire Cup competitions that, except for the break for World War I and World War II (Lancashire Cup only), had taken place annually since their inaugural 1905–06 season.
Challenge Cup.
The 1993 Silk Cut Challenge Cup Final was played by Wigan and Widnes on 2:30 on a warm and sunny Saturday afternoon, 1 May 1993 at Wembley Stadium, London in front of 77,684. By coming on as a substitute in this game at 17 years and 11 months of age, Andy Farrell become the youngest player to win a Challenge Cup final.
Referee: Russell Smith (Castleford)
Wigan: 20
Coach: John Monie
Widnes: 14 
Coach: Phil Larder
Lance Todd Trophy winner: Dean Bell (Wigan)

</doc>
<doc id="19142668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142668" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1980–1983">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1980–1983

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1980 to 21 May 1983. The chamber had 32 seats made up of 16 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire at each triennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19142718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142718" title="Cape wolf snake">
Cape wolf snake

The Cape wolf snake, Lycophidion capense, is an oviparous, nonvenomous snake which occurs over a wide area of southern to central Africa. The species contains a number of subspecies, including "L. c. capense".
The wolf snake feeds mostly on lizards, which it bites and kills by constriction.

</doc>
<doc id="19142720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142720" title="Armando Lichtenberger Jr.">
Armando Lichtenberger Jr.

Armando Liechtenberger Jr. is a member of Tejano musical band La Mafia, where he is the keyboardist and accordionist. Mando Lichtenberger started his career at the age of fourteen with Los Fronterizos as the keyboard and accordion player. The band, led by Tony Cortez, Sr., became known in Houston for their local Tejano styles and were once regarded a the city's hottest low-rider band.

</doc>
<doc id="19142810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142810" title="Fricis Kaņeps">
Fricis Kaņeps

Fricis Kaņeps (10 August 1916 in Ventspils - 30 November 1981 in Staicele) was a Latvian footballer. He was one of the most powerful Latvian forwards of the 1930s who didn't have a very good technique but compensated it mostly by his physical strength. In earlier years when still playing in Ventspils Kaņeps also played in defence.
Biography.
Fricis Kaņeps was the most notable footballer from Ventspils in the era between the two world wars. The first club that he played for was Ventspils Spars, one of the strongest sides in Kurzeme at the time. Before the 1936 he moved to Liepāja to play with the best football club in Latvia outside Riga - Olimpija Liepāja. This was a serious step in forward for Kaņeps and the year which he spent with Olimpija was a very productive one. Olimpija won the Latvian Higher League title and Kaņeps was the club's best goalscorer with 12 league goals (just one less than the overall leader Aleksandrs Vanags).
After just one season with Olimpija Kaņeps moved to Riga where he joined the strongest local side - RFK. In the first year with RFK Kaņeps scored 11 league goals, a tally which he could have improved had he not gotten ill before the end of the season.
Kaņeps played with RFK until its dissolution in 1940. Over the four years with the club he won his second Latvian league title and became a two-time winner of the Latvian Cup, scoring 39 league goals over 3 seasons. In addition to good success with the club since 1937 he became a regular selection for the Latvia national football team. He made his international début in a 1937 friendly against Germany alongside his main competitor as the best goalscorer in the Latvian league Aleksandrs Vanags. In 1937 Kaņeps was a member of the Latvian team that won the Baltic Cup, he also scored several goals for Latvia in world cup qualifiers against Lithuania.
In 1940 after RFK was disbanded Kaņeps played with Dinamo Riga, the next year - with RGK Riga. In 1942 he played with the reformed RFK.
In 1945 Kaņeps was arrested and deported to Siberia. After his return to Latvia he lived and played football in Staicele where he lived until his death in 1981.
Honours.
Club Titles
National Team

</doc>
<doc id="19142863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142863" title="St. David's Hotel">
St. David's Hotel

St. David’s Hotel was an Edwardian Era hotel in Harlech, Wales. The building was located on the A496, adjacent to Theatr Harlech (formerly called Theatr Ardudwy) on the campus of Coleg Harlech, and Royal St David's Golf Club.
Design and construction.
The St. David's Hotel is based on proposals drawn-up in January 1907 by George Walton (Architect), a Glasgow School architect and contemporary of Charles Rennie Mackintosh. The proposals were subsequently revised in 1908, and the hotel was built in 1910. 
The Hotel has five storeys and a basement. The height of the Hotel was disguised by having the upper three floors included in a giant mansard with rows of dormers. The Hotel reflects skilled craftsmanship, in the handling of materials and detail, that echoes Walton's earlier design for Wern Fawr (now Coleg Harlech). Wern Fawr has been described as being "at the apex of building craft" and St David's Hotel has been described as Walton "at his most professional". At St David's Hotel, Walton provided solutions to a challenging commercial design brief that included the traditional use of heavy masonry on the exterior of the Hotel, which was intended to reflect the use of this material in the locality. In conjunction with this, Walton used reinforced concrete to open-up the interiors in order to simplify structural problems, make the most of the sea views, and give the interior "a cheerfulness which could survive even a dull Harlech day".
The Hotel sits on the edge of the Harlech Conservation Area. The exterior design responds to the character of the more traditional buildings nearby, because of its use of stone and traditional form. Walton also designed all the fixtures and fittings for the Hotel, including fitted furniture, carpets, tables, chairs, settees and ironmongery, working to a tight budget. Walton is one of the forerunners of later European architects, such as the Danish architect Arne Jacobsen, whose design brief for St Catherine's College, Oxford included all the interior fixtures and fittings.
The Hotel was built for a syndicate, in which George Walton was involved, and catered primarily for golfers visiting the adjacent Royal St David's Golf Club. The Hotel has been used by generations of golfers and other visitors to Harlech, who retain fond memories. The Hotel had 60 bedrooms and served traditional home-cooked food, facilities included an early twentieth-century lift (elevator), a snooker table, an outdoor pool, and a solarium.
Fire.
In 1922, a devastating fire destroyed the interior of the Hotel, so that Walton's original design commission has been lost. The Hotel was then rebuilt hurriedly by Griffith Morris. The three bay centre is now flanked by two storeys of stone, two of roughcast and the attic only is mansarded. The centre has also been altered on the top two floors and has a ground floor addition. It is unclear from the records how much of the original interior structure has survived. The later, low quality, extensions have diminished the grand aspect of Walton's original structure. Despite this, the Hotel is retained in Cadw's listing description for Coleg Harlech, which is a Grade II* Listed Building, and this suggests that the Hotel was notable due to its group value.
Proposed demolition.
The Hotel closed in 2008 and became subject to planning application NP5/61/23L which was lodged with the Snowdonia National Park Authority for the following proposal: "Full application for demolition of hotel and college hall of residence and construction of a new 130 bedroom hotel and 76 holiday apartments, formation of new internal road layout, landscaping and associated engineering works." The proposals for the site were reviewed by the Design Commission for Wales (DCW) in October 2006 and subsequent comments were made in November 2006 and January 2007, in response to design revisions. On 17 December 2008, the DCW issued a Design Review Report which concluded, inter alia, that the replacement hotel complex would be an "overdevelopment of the site". Planning Application NP5/61/23L was heard, and approved, by the Snowdonia National Park's Planning and Access Committee at a public meeting held at Plas Tan y Bwlch, Maentwrog on April 29, 2009. It was resolved to demolish the Hotel and that demolition was within the provisions of the Eryri Local Plan prepared by the Snowdonia National Park Authority under the provision of the Town and Country Planning Act 1990, and formally adopted by resolution of the National Park Committee up to 2003. The Design Review Report of the DCW notes that: "there has been very little community response" to the proposed demolition of the Hotel.
The Hotel forms an important part of Harlech's Arts and Crafts movement legacy.

</doc>
<doc id="19142873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142873" title="David Young Community Academy">
David Young Community Academy

David Young Community Academy (also known as DYCA) is a state-funded academy sponsored by the Church of England in Seacroft, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. 
The school is named after David Young (1931–2008) a former Bishop of Ripon. Its speciality is Design and the Built Environment. The school was established on 18 September 2006 with pupils from Agnes Stewart Church of England High School and Braim Wood for Boys High School. Before the building of the Academy the largest secondary school in Seacroft was the nearby East Leeds High School (formerly Foxwood School), which was demolished in December 2009.
The school's population in January 2008 was 920, with a sixth form of 65. At the same time the school had one of the worst attendance records in the country, and was 25th from the bottom for GCSE results. However, a year later the school reached government targets for GCSEs for the first time.
In June 2009 it was announced by School Secretary Ed Balls that £3.3 million would be spent on the school to create a purpose built base for army and air cadets.
The school is divided into six houses: Brunel (after Isambard Kingdom Brunel); Da Vinci (after Leonardo da Vinci); Hadid (after Zaha Hadid); Hopper (after Grace Hopper); Telford (after Thomas Telford); and Whittle (after Frank Whittle).

</doc>
<doc id="19142892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142892" title="Privacy mode">
Privacy mode

Privacy mode or "private browsing", sometimes informally referred to as "porn mode", is a term that refers to privacy features in some web browsers. Historically speaking, web browsers store information such as browsing history, images, videos and text within cache. In contrast, privacy mode can be enabled so that the browser does not store this information for selected browsing sessions. This allows a person to browse the Web without storing local data that could be retrieved at a later date. Privacy mode will also disable the storage of data in cookies and Flash cookies. It is of note that this offers virtually no privacy protection beyond the local level. For example, it is still possible to identify frequented websites by associating the IP address with the user on the server end.
History.
The earliest reference to the term was in May 2005 and used to discuss the privacy features in the Safari browser bundled with Mac OS X Tiger. The feature has since been adopted in other browsers, and led to popularisation of the term in 2008 by mainstream news outlets and computing websites when discussing beta versions of Internet Explorer 8. However, privacy modes operate as shields because browsers typically do not remove all data from the cache after the session. Plugins, like Silverlight, are able to set cookies that will not be removed after the session. Internet Explorer 8 also contains a feature called "InPrivate Subscriptions", an RSS web feed with sites approved for use with InPrivate browsing.
The common web browser plugin Adobe Flash Player began supporting privacy mode in Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari with the release of version 10.1 in June 2010.
Uses.
Privacy mode has multiple uses, including:
The Mozilla Foundation performed a study about the user behavior when the feature is switched on and how long the session lasts. The results were that most sessions last only about 10 minutes, though there are periods where activation increases; usually around 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., 5 p.m., between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m., and a minor peak about an hour or two after midnight.
Support in popular browsers.
Privacy mode is known by different names in different browsers:

</doc>
<doc id="19142918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142918" title="Maurizio Trombetta">
Maurizio Trombetta

Maurizio Trombetta (born September 29, 1962 in Udine) is an Italian former football player turned manager. He was in charge as head coach of Romanian Liga I clubs CFR Cluj and FCM Târgu Mureș and youth team coach at Reggina.
Career.
Playing.
A minor league player who played Serie A only in his first two professional seasons, respectively with Udinese and Catanzaro, he also played from 1989 to 1991 in the Serie B with the Triestina jersey.
Coaching.
Following his retirement as a player, Trombetta became Udinese's "allievi" (under-16) youth coach in 1994, being soon later appointed as Giovanni Galeone's assistant coach with the "zebrette". He then followed Galeone to Perugia and Napoli before to return at Udine, this time as Francesco Guidolin's assistant coach. From 1999 to 2004 he then moved together with Guidolin at Bologna, working alongside him with the "rossoblu".
In 2004 he returned to work alongside Galeone at Ancona, and followed his mentor when at Udinese in 2006–2007.
During the 2007–2008 he chose to start a coaching career of his own, becoming head coach of amateur Eccellenza club Sevegliano after league Week 7, with the team being at the bottom of the league table, and led them to an impressive fourth place.
On June 2008 he was appointed as new assistant coach of Romanian Liga I outgoing champions CFR Cluj, and was successively promoted as head coach later on September as a replacement for dismissed boss Ioan Andone. Under his tenure as CFR Cluj coach, the club is also competing for their first time ever in the UEFA Champions League as Romanian champions; in his first game in the top European competition, which came only fifteen days after his appointment as head coach, Trombetta's team won 2-1 at Stadio Olimpico to AS Roma thanks to two goals by Emmanuel Culio in a historical victory against the renowned "giallorossi" team, who were taking part to the UEFA Champions League as Serie A runners-up.
He was later dismissed on January 2009, after only four months in charge, leaving CFR Cluj in fourth place in the Liga I and only weeks after having been eliminated from the UEFA Champions League.
On February 2010 he was announced by Reggina as new head of the "Primavera" under-19 youth team, replacing Roberto Breda after he was promoted head coach days earlier.
In November 2011, he returned to Romania, signing a contract for a season with FCM Târgu Mureş. He was released only after a couple of months.

</doc>
<doc id="19142927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142927" title="Amachi">
Amachi

Amachi is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19142938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142938" title="1968–69 FA Cup">
1968–69 FA Cup

The 1968–69 FA Cup was the 88th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Manchester City won the competition for the fourth time, beating Leicester City 1–0 in the final at Wembley, through a goal from Neil Young. 
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played. The 1968–69 tournament was remarkable in that no second replays were required at any point throughout the main event.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 16 November 1968. Ten were drawn and went to replays two, three or four days later.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 December 1968. Nine matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week.
Third Round Proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 4 January 1969. Seven matches were drawn and went to replays. 
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 25 January 1969. Six matches were drawn and went to replays.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 8 February 1969. However, for the first time in history, the entire fifth round draw for the FA Cup was unable to be played due to heavy snowfall across England, and the matches were replayed at various times after this date. Most took place by the following Wednesday (one of these requiring a replay), two were played a fortnight later, but the final match was not played until 1 March and required a replay two days later. 
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on 1 March 1969, although due to the late completion of Leicester City's fifth round tie, their match with Mansfield Town was not played until 8 March. There were no replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday 22 March and Saturday 29 March 1969.
Final.
The 1969 FA Cup Final was contested by Manchester City and Leicester City at Wembley on Saturday 26 April 1969. The match finished 1–0 to Manchester City who, behind West Ham United in 1975, are the second-last all-English team to win the FA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19142953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142953" title="Rustam Abdulloev">
Rustam Abdulloev

Rustam Abdullaev is a former footballer from Uzbekistan. He was born on 1 January 1971. He is a former member of the Uzbekistan national team.
Career.
In 1992 he played for Temiryo'lchi Qo'qon and became 2nd best goalscorer of Oliy League after Valeriy Kechinov. His club finished at 6th position. At the same year he was named 2nd best player following Valeriy Kechinov who was named "Player of the Year 1992".
Abdullaev played for Uzbekistan national team in the 1994 Asian Games football tournament in Hiroshima (the first time Uzbekistan played a football tournaments after got independence from Soviet Union and winning the Gold medal). 

</doc>
<doc id="19142963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142963" title="Dennis Considen">
Dennis Considen

Dennis Considen (died 1815) was an Irish-born surgeon, best known for his pioneering role in the use of Australian native plants for pharmaceutical use, especially eucalyptus oil, which he used to treat the convicts. He sailed with the First Fleet as surgeon on the "Scarborough" which transported English convicts to Port Jackson, Australia, in 1788.
Pioneering Australian pharmaceutical research.
Considen used indigenous Australian plants to alleviate a range of diseases which scourged the convict settlement, including scurvy and dysentery. Pharmaceutical preparations included kino from "Eucalyptus" and "Angophora", 'yellow gum' resin from "Xanthorrhoea" spp., native sarsaparilla "Smilax glyciphylla" and the 'large peppermint-tree' "Eucalyptus piperita".
In November 1788 Considen proclaimed himself to English colleague, Dr Anthony Hamilton, as the colony's pharmaceutic pioneer: ""...if there is any merit in applying these & many other simplesto the benefit of the poor wretches here, I certainly claim it, being the first who discovered & recommended them."". For further evaluation, Considen also dispatched a "Eucalyptus" oil sample, on the return voyage to England on the "Golden Grove". 
The Australian botanist, Joseph Maiden, expressed the opinion that Considen deserves credit for being the first person to recognize the medicinal value of eucalyptus oil extracted from "E. piperita" found growing on the shores of Port Jackson. John White, Surgeon General to the Colony, is also credited with the discovery of peppermint gum oil, in documenting the matter and organizing oil samples to be sent back to England.
Return to Ireland.
In November 1791, after a period on Norfolk Island working with fellow Irish surgeons D'Arcy Wentworth and Thomas Jamison, Considen returned to Sydney. Considen was granted leave because of ill health, and sailed on the "Kitty" for Ireland. He arrived at Cork in February 1794. Back in Ireland, he served as a hospital mate in the Army Medical Service until he was appointed deputy-purveyor for service on the European Continent. In August 1799, he was promoted to the position of purveyor. This enabled him to study medicine at the University of Edinburgh and to better support his family.
Considen graduated as a Doctor of Medicine on the 24 June 1804, with a thesis entitled "De Tetano", in which he refers to his discovery of eucalyptus oil. He was subsequently called to Cork to join an expedition bound for the Cape.
Considen maintained an interest in New South Wales and its natural history. He kept contact with his friends Thomas Arndell, George Johnston and D'Arcy Wentworth. Surviving records of Considen's character indicate that he was a humane man with an earnest desire to do well in his profession. On 6 January 1812 he was admitted a licentiate of the Royal College of Physicians. He died in 1815.
Joseph Maiden dedicated "Eucalyptus consideniana" in recognition of his pioneer work with eucalyptus oil.

</doc>
<doc id="19142968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142968" title="Declan Edge">
Declan Edge

Declan John Edge (born 18 September 1965 in Malacca Town, Malaysia) is a former soccer player who represented New Zealand in the 1980s and 90s.
Edge is now in charge of the Declan Edge academy based at Melville United football club, where he coaches a number of players aged from 16 to 19 years old twice a day over 20 hours of training a week.
Playing career.
International career.
Edge made his ful All Whites debut as a substitute in a 5-0 win over Fiji on 3 June 1985 and ended his international playing career with 26 A-international caps and 1 goal to his credit, his final cap an appearance in a 0-2 loss to England on 8 June 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19142971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19142971" title="2009 U.S. Open">
2009 U.S. Open

2009 U.S. Open may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19143020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143020" title="Glass Skin">
Glass Skin

"Glass Skin" (stylized GLASS SKIN) is a single by Dir En Grey, released on September 10, 2008 in Japan in a regular and limited edition, the limited copy featuring a bonus live track as well as a sticker of the band and a poster. The single was released as a digital download on 17 September 2008.
"Glass Skin" is one of the two singles to be featured on the album "Uroboros", along with its predecessor "Dozing Green". Like its counterpart, the song is re-recorded in English for the album.
The artwork on the cover, booklet, and accompanying promotional materials of "Glass Skin", as well as some artwork used on the official website was created by Osaka-based artist, Genta Kosumi.
Music.
The first B-side, "Undecided", is a rerecording of a track from band's third album, "Kisou". The second B-side, "Agitated Screams of Maggots -Unplugged-", is an unplugged arrangement of the band's 2006 single. Another B-side for the single, included only with the limited edition, is a live version of Ryoujoku no Ame; the recording is from a concert at Yokohama Blitz on May 23, 2008.
Music video.
The music video for "Glass Skin" was premiered on MTV in Japan. It is largely computer generated, but features images of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19143032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143032" title="Chalo Let's Go">
Chalo Let's Go

"Cholo Let's Go" is a 2008 Indian movie in Bengali starring Ritwick Chakrabarty, Rudraneel Ghosh, Saswata Chatterjee and Parambrata Chatterjee and directed by Anjan Dutt.
Plot.
This is a story of four friends Hari, Shekhar, Ashim and Sanjay. They were school buddies. Out of them, only Ashim is an earning person. He is a doctor. Earlier, their life is full of boredom, not knowing what do in future. They started a Bangla Band, where Hari was the lead singer, but they were heavily thrashed by the public in a stage show in North Bengal. They decided not to sing any more. Then they started a travelling agency, named 'Gharoa Travels'. On their first trip, they start the journey with only 9 passengers. On the way to the hills, a girl called Ria joins them as passenger. The film deals with their journey via Kalimpong. The ten passengers are of ten different types and also the four tour operators are of four different natures. As the journey progresses, their characters were revealed one by one. The film has a style of flash-forwarding the story juxtaposed with the present. So, we are able to know what happens after their first tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19143076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143076" title="Gal Levy">
Gal Levy

Gal Levy (; born 19 November 1987) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan. He previously played for Hakoah Ramat Gan.

</doc>
<doc id="19143087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143087" title="Simon of Pattishall">
Simon of Pattishall

Simon of Pattishall (or Pateshull) (died 1217) was an English judge and civil servant who is considered the first Chief Justice of the Common Pleas. The first appearance of Pattishall in the records was in 1190, where he served as the escheator for Northamptonshire and also as a judge, serving in Westminster and as a circuit justice or "Eyre". He entered the administration in 1193, most likely thanks to his association with Geoffrey Fitz Peter, and was appointed High Sheriff of Essex and Hertfordshire, a position he held until 1194. In 1194 as part of Richard I's reshuffling of sheriffs following his release from captivity, he was made High Sheriff of Northamptonshire until 1203. During the reigns of Richard I's and John he served as an itinerant justice, and emerged as the senior justice of the Court of Common Pleas around 1190, a role that was only disrupted by the First Barons' War. He served with the court in 1204, and again in 1207 continuously until John's departure to Poitou in 1214.
During the time Pattishall was working in the administration the separation between the judiciary and the exchequer was not yet complete, and he often performed financial tasks. He was Collector of the Carucage in 1198 and again in 1200, and one of the Keepers of the Jews in 1198. In 1213 he was a commissioner assessing damage done to churches in the Diocese of Canterbury following the 1208 Interdict, which was lifted after John submitted to Pope Innocent III. It was during the reign of King John that he emerged as senior judge of the Court of Common Pleas, and he accompanied John on his 1210 trip to Ireland to install English law and custom there. In a core of 15 professional royal justices, he was remembered by Matthew Paris as one "who at one time guided the reins of the justices of the whole kingdom". His special position is also confirmed by the fact that, among the plea rolls produced by the clerks of the various justices, it was those of Pattishall that were considered authoritative, and preserved for future reference. He fell foul of the King in 1207, however, and he and a colleague were fined 100 Marks for allowing a compromise settlement on a criminal case, although they were later pardoned.
In 1215 at the beginning of the First Baron's War Pattishall's lands were confiscated, not because of questions of his loyalty but most likely because they were in a county under rebel control. John was persuaded to relax his restrictions by the Abbot of Woburn, and Pattishall recovered his property by the end of 1215, beginning judicial work again in 1216.
Starting with little land, Pattishall increased his holdings throughout his career, and accumulated six Knight's fees and several smaller holdings near Pattishall. He was granted ownership of the Manor of Rothersthorpe by King John, and temporarily held Fotheringhay Castle in 1212. He married Amice, and had two children; Walter of Pattishall and Hugh of Pattishall, both of whom became royal administrators themselves. He also helped found a judicial dynasty; his clerk Martin of Pattishall later followed him as Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, as did "his" clerk William de Raley.

</doc>
<doc id="19143092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143092" title="Chowallur">
Chowallur

Chowallur is a family name mainly present in Kerala, India.
In the Roman Catholic community this family name is very popular, especially in Middle Kerala.
This is also referred as Chovvalloor,Chowalloor,Chovvallur etc

</doc>
<doc id="19143151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143151" title="Shankaraji Narayan Sacheev">
Shankaraji Narayan Sacheev

Shankaraji Narayan Sacheev (1665–1707), also known as Shankaraji Narayan, was a popular Minister ("Pradhan") and Count ("Sardar") of the Maratha Empire. He also served as Imperial Secretary ("Sacheev") during Emperor "Chhatrapati" Rajaram’s reign. He also served as Deputy to the Crown ("Rajadnya") under Emperor Sambhaji. His contribution to the war of independence against Mughal rule is considered to be immensely supportive. He was also the founder of the princely state of Bhor located in Pune district.
Early life and career.
Shankaraji was born in a Deshastha Brahmin family in or around 1665. His grandfather was an Officer-in-confidence of Shivaji's father Shahaji, and his father Naro Mukund was a "Sabnis" of Fort Sudhagad during Shivaji’s regime. Being friendly and watchful since childhood, Shankraji became well conversant with the people and geography of the Maval region of Maharashtra at a very early age. In 1677, he started his career under "Peshwa" Moropant Pingale, and soon he was engrossed by Ramchandra Pant Amatya for the purpose of some special assignments in the Maval region. During Sambhaji’s reign, he was awarded the post of Deputy to the Crown ("Rajadnya") for his excellent performance in his field.
Contribution to the Maratha War of Independence.
After the assassination of Sambhaji by Aurangzeb in 1689, Shankaraji gathered his soldiers in Maval and started attacking nearby Mughal forces. Initially, he conquered the forts of Wai and Rajgad. Thereafter, jointly with Ramchandra Pant Amatya, he captured the forts of Pratapgad, Rohida, Torna and Purandar. Aurangzeb’s General Shaikh Nijam was also defeated by him near Sangameshwar. Jointly with Ramchandra Pant, Santaji and Dhanaji, he attacked another Mughal General Sarjah Khan near Satara and vanquished his army. Rajaram was so delighted with his victories that he conferred on him the post of "Sacheeva" (Secretary) in October 1690 and, additionally, he was given charge of the entire Konkan region. Thenceforth, Dhanaji was directed to work under his supervision. He was also responsible for Rajaram’s "Zanana" (Queens) at fort Karigad. As mentioned in the Jedhe Shakawali, he quickly shifted the "Zanana" to fort Sudhagad during the capture of Karigad by Alibaig, the Mughal Officer at Junnar, and later on recaptured the fort. He also captured Fort Siddhgad located near Bhimashankar through his subordinate Gunaji Sawant.
Later career and death.
After Rajaram’s death in 1700, Shankaraji became one of the closest advisors of Rajaram's Queen Tarabai. Jointly with Parshuram Pant Pratinidhi, he helped Tarabai to enable her son Shivaji II to occupy the vacant throne of Rajaram. In 1705, he captured fort Rohida and re-annexed fort Rajgad to the Maratha Empire. In 1707 after Shahu’s release from Mughal camp civil war between Shahu and Tarabai commenced. Shahu appealed Shankaraji to join him or face the consequences. Shankaraji who was loyal to Tarabai was caught into a great perplexity and depression and ultimately committed suicide in November 1707 at Ambawde near Nagnath. A deeply moved Shahu appointed Shankaraji's orphan son Naro Shankar on his vacant post.

</doc>
<doc id="19143156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143156" title="Kang Jin-Wook">
Kang Jin-Wook

Kang Jin-Wook (; born 13 February 1986) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays for Seongnam Ilhwa in K League Classic.
His previous club was Gwangju Sangmu at K-League in South Korea, and his youth club is FC Metz in France.
Club career statistics.
"As of end of 2008 season"

</doc>
<doc id="19143199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143199" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 800 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 800 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 800 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 37 participating athletes, with five qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Tuesday 24 August 1999 at 21:00h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19143207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143207" title="List of Royal Standard de Liège players">
List of Royal Standard de Liège players

A list of players for the Belgian football club Royal Standard de Liège, by country.

</doc>
<doc id="19143259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143259" title="Mangalorean Protestants">
Mangalorean Protestants

Mangalorean Protestants are Protestants from South Canara
The community.
The biggest denomination among Mangalorean Protestants is the Church of South India (CSI), composed of the Basel Mission Protestant church and the Anglican church. They number about 60,434 and are spread all over the South Canara district. They have a Theological College of their own and they run a hospital and a few Technical schools. A few other sects among them are: Jehovah's Witnesses, Pentecostals, Seventh-day Adventists, and New Life Fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="19143270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143270" title="Charlton Spotlight">
Charlton Spotlight

Charlton Spotlight is a US magazine that explores the history of the Charlton Comics Group. It is published by Argo Press. Its publisher/editor is Michael Ambrose. The first issue was published in fall 2000 and seven issues have come out so far, the latest (No.7) cover dated winter-spring 2011-12.
Charlton Comics veterans have been profiled in tribute issues. Pat Boyette (No.1-2), Tom Sutton (No.3), Pete Morisi ("PAM") (No.4), and Dick Giordano (No.7) were honored posthumously. Joe Gill (No.5) and George Wildman (No.7) were living recipients of this recognition. Several comic book professionals have been interviewed in "Charlton Spotlight". They include Bill Black (No.2), Tom Sutton (No.3), José Delbo (No.3), Henry Scarpelli (No.3), Pete Morisi (No.4), Joe Gill (No.5), Hy Eisman (No.7), and George Wildman (No.7).

</doc>
<doc id="19143317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143317" title="T'as vu">
T'as vu

"T'as vu" (French for "Did you see?") is an album by French parody rap group Fatal Bazooka. It released in 2007 and contains 19 songs, five of which were released as singles : "Fous ta cagoule", "Mauvaise foi nocturne", "J'aime trop ton boule", "Trankillement" and "Parle à ma main".

</doc>
<doc id="19143335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143335" title="List of Tom and Jerry Tales episodes">
List of Tom and Jerry Tales episodes

This is a list of "Tom and Jerry Tales" episodes. Included with it are the first transmission dates and production order numbers for all 26 episodes.
The episodes in this list are ordered by season.
Season 2: 2007–08.
Four episodes are similar in animation style to the Tom and Jerry direct-to-video film "": "Don't Bring Your Pet to School Day"/"Cat Catastrophe"/"The Cat Whisperer"; "Xtreme Trouble"/"A Life Less Guarded"/"Sasquashed"; and "The Declaration of Independunce"/"Kitty Hawked"/"24 Karat Kat" and "You're Lion"/"Kangadoofus"/"Monkey Chow".
The background music has a synthesized sound, making it different from the music in season one (and "Tom and Jerry: A Nutcracker Tale").
In two shorts ("Kitty Cat Blues" and "Game of Mouse & Cat"), Tom is drawn and animated with an early 1940s character design, similar to the debut short "Puss Gets the Boot". ( "Kitty Hawked" & "Kitty Cat Blues") were the only two episode that Tom & Jerry speaks ever since 1943's "The Lonesome Mouse" & 1992 ""

</doc>
<doc id="19143343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143343" title="St. Leodegarius Church, Basford">
St. Leodegarius Church, Basford

St. Leodegarius Church, Old Basford is a parish church in the Church of England.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
The chancel dates from the 1180s and the south arcade from c1250. The south aisle and porch originate in around 1340. However the church has been heavily restored and rebuilt between 1858 and 1859 by Arthur Wilson, and again when the tower collapsed in 1859, by Thomas Allom. In 1856 a new church of Christ Church, Cinderhill was created in the parish followed in 1905 by a new church of St. Aidan's Church, Basford.
It is one of only four churches in England named after St. Leodegarius. The other three are Ashby St Ledgers, Hunston, West Sussex and Wyberton.
A chest tomb in the church yard to the south dates from the 17th Century is grade II listed.
Bells.
The tower houses a ring of 8 bells from the firm of John Taylor and Co in Loughborough dating from 1921.
Organ.
The church had an organ by Henry Jones installed in 1902. This was destroyed in an arson attack in 1974 and a replacement organ by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd was installed in 1977.
Services.
Sunday 9.00am Eucharist (said) - 2nd & 4th Sundays of the month
Sunday 10.30am Eucharist - 1st & 3rd Sundays of the month
Sunday 10.30am Service of the Word - 2nd & 4th Sundays of the month
Weekly Activities.
Saturday 10.00am Coffee Morning
Contact.
Rev Richard Shaw
Tel 0115 960 2418

</doc>
<doc id="19143359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143359" title="List of canal junctions in the United Kingdom">
List of canal junctions in the United Kingdom

This List of canal junctions in the United Kingdom is an incomplete list of canal junctions in the United Kingdom that have articles in Wikipedia, in alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19143402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143402" title="Barak Badash">
Barak Badash

Barak Badash () is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Maccabi Tel Aviv.
carrier.
Badash began his professional carrier with the adult team of Maccabi Hadera, from there he transferred to Maccabi Ramat-Amidar, there he played one year and transferred to Hapoel Tel-Aviv. Badash played with Hapoel 14 games scoring 2 goals, in the end of the season he transferred to Bney-Yehuda Tel-Aviv, and played there for two years.
On the summer of 2007 he transferred to Hakoah Amidar Ramat-Gan, there he scored 18 goals in 58 appearances, after two years he transferred to sport club Ashdod and in the middle of the season to Hapoel bear-Sheva, there he scored 7 goals in 13 games.
Personal life.
On 17 May 2009, Badash married girlfriend Sharon in a Jewish ceremony at Trask, a wedding hall in the Tel Aviv Port area. He is also known by his uncanny resemblance to Swedish international footballer Zlatan Ibrahimovic.

</doc>
<doc id="19143422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143422" title="Stuart Jones (historian)">
Stuart Jones (historian)

Hugh Stuart Jones is a British historian, currently Professor of Intellectual History at the University of Manchester. He was born in West Yorkshire and educated at the Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield, and at St Catherine's College, Oxford, where he took a First in Modern History in 1983 and won the University's Gladstone Memorial Prize. He took his DPhil at Nuffield College, where he also held a Research Fellowship (1986-8). After teaching for two years at New College, he moved to Manchester in 1990. He was head of the History Department from 2000 to 2003.
Stuart Jones is best known for his work on French and British political thought of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, on the intellectual history of Victorian Britain, and on the history of universities. He is a notable authority on the intellectual history of liberalism. He was a Visiting Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford, in 2008-9.

</doc>
<doc id="19143428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143428" title="13th Tony Awards">
13th Tony Awards

The 13th Annual Tony Awards took place at the Waldorf-Astoria Grand Ballroom on April 12, 1959 and was broadcast on local television station WCBS-TV in New York City. The Master of Ceremonies was Bud Collyer.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Dana Andrews, Ina Balin, Ralph Bellamy, Polly Bergen, Claudette Colbert, Robert Dowling, Faye Emerson, Farley Granger, Oscar Hammerstein II, Celeste Holm, Robert Preston, Rip Torn .
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Winners and nominees.
Source:InfoPlease
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19143511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143511" title="Electoral history of Harry S. Truman">
Electoral history of Harry S. Truman

Electoral history of Harry S. Truman, 33rd President of the United States (1945–1953), 34th Vice President of the United States (1945) and United States Senator from Missouri (1935–1945)
United States Senate races, 1934-1940.
Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Missouri, 1934:
Missouri United States Senate election, 1934:
Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Missouri, 1940:
Missouri United States Senate election, 1940:
Vice Presidencial races, 1944.
1944 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
1st ballot:
2nd ballot before shifts:
2nd ballot after shifts:
United States presidential election, 1944:
Presidential races, 1948-1952.
1948 Democratic presidential primaries:
1948 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
United States presidential election, 1948:
1952 Democratic New Hampshire primary:
1952 Democratic presidential primaries:
1952 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
Most votes received by candidates for party presidential nomination, up to the point where a nominee was determined. Vote totals are rounded up to the next whole number.

</doc>
<doc id="19143590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143590" title="Interdisciplinary Centre for Law and ICT">
Interdisciplinary Centre for Law and ICT

The Interdisciplinary Centre for Law and ICT (ICRI) is an interdisciplinary centre based at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven. ICRI focuses its research on the interplay of Law and ICT and has been involved in numerous national and European projects relating to IT Law.

</doc>
<doc id="19143640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143640" title="Church of St. Mary the Virgin and All Souls, Bulwell">
Church of St. Mary the Virgin and All Souls, Bulwell

The Church of St. Mary the Virgin and All Souls, Bulwell is a parish church in the Church of England.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church was built on the site of an earlier church, dating from possibly the 12th century. This church was badly damaged by a storm in 1843. 
It was constructed between 1849 and 1850 and the architect was Henry Isaac Stevens. The north chapel was added in 1946.
The church was the location of the marriage of Lloyd Fuller and Kaye Hannah, Famous Nottinghamshire scouters and guiders in September 2011.
Bells.
The tower contains eight bells.

</doc>
<doc id="19143655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143655" title="List of governments of Lithuania (since 1990)">
List of governments of Lithuania (since 1990)

The list gives the composition of the governments of the Republic of Lithuania from 1990 as of September 4, 2008. Government of the Republic of Lithuania is the cabinet of Lithuania, proposed by the President and confirmed by the Seimas (parliament). 
In 1990 Lithuania declared independence from the Soviet Union. Since then Lithuania has been a democratic republic. All citizens elect the Seimas for a four-year term. The next elections are scheduled for November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19143677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143677" title="Midlands 3 East (South)">
Midlands 3 East (South)

English Rugby Union Midland Division – Midlands 3 East (South) is an English Rugby Union League.
Midlands 3 East (South) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. As with many low level they are often subject to re-structure
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 2 East. 

</doc>
<doc id="19143705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143705" title="Lochos">
Lochos

A lochos, plural lochoi (, pl. ), is a tactical sub unit of Classical Greece and of the modern Greek army. The term derived from the ancient Greek for ambush and the men carrying out the ambush, but in practice, its meaning was essentially that of "war-band", a body of armed men. This translation has been used traditionally, e.g. for the Sacred Band of Thebes.
Size and organisation.
Evolving as it did with ancient Greek warfare from that of tribal Greece to that of the Greek city-states, the "lochos" varied in size and organisation over time and from city state to city state, ranging in size from a single file to about 640 men. The best surviving description of the "lochos" is that by Xenophon in his "Anabasis", however this must be taken as being illustrative of a particular time and place, that of 5th century BC Sparta, rather than being truly representative. Aelian and Arrian use the terms lochos as file and lochagos as file leader.
"Lochos" as file.
A lochos comprised an inconsistent number of men that could range from 8 to 16 men. Asclepiodotus offers three alternative names, namely stichos (), synomotia () and dekania (). The file leader was called a lochagos and the file closer an ouragos. The men in the uneven rows were called protostates, among which the lochagos, and the men in the even rows epistates. Should the line perform a pyknosis, that is close its ranks by placement of half the lochos in the interval between the original lochoi, then the epistates of the lochagos would become the promachos protostates of the newly employed file. 
A half-file was called hemilochion () or dimoiria () and a quarter-file enomotia ().
Spartan "lochos".
The Spartan "lochos", according to Xenophon, consisted of 640 men, composed of 4 "pentekostyes" (pl. of "pentekostys") of 160 men, with the "pentekostyes" in turn being composed of 4 "enomotiai" of about 40 men each. The "lochos" in turn formed half of a "mora" there being 6 "morai" in the Spartan Army. The "morai" would normally be commanded by a Polemarch, and the "lochos" by a "lochagos". However the actual numbers would vary depending on the needs of a campaign. Spartan military organisation relied on dividing its citizen army into 8 age classes and full strength "enomotiai" consisted of 5 men from each of the age classes. However, it was unusual to draw men from the older age classes, so on campaign an "enomotia" would consist of 30 to 35 men with the "lokhos" and "mora" being correspondingly smaller.
If only the first 4 or even fewer age classes were called up, than the "short" organisational "lochos" would be grouped together to form a full strength tactical "lochos".
Whatever the theoretical size of the "lochos", units of about 300 men appear frequently in the classical Greek records, this being the number of the Sacred Band of Thebes, the Spartans at Thermopylae, and the number on each side of the "Battle of the Champions" fought between Argos and Sparta in 546 BC. This number would give a frontage of about 40 shields given the traditional eight-deep phalanx, and probably represents the smallest number needed to form a usable phalanx.
Byzantine use.
In the Byzantine army, the "lochos" continued being used as a term for the file. It was the basic infantry unit of usually 8 men, composed of the file leader ("lochagos") and seven soldiers. In the tradition of the Roman "contubernium", this unit slept and ate together in a single tent, and had a permanently attached servant. Alternative names were "dekarchion" and "dekarchos" for the file leader, meaning "leader of ten".
Modern use.
The term "lochos", along with the associated rank of "lochagos" and its derivatives, has been revived in the modern Greek military for a company-sized command.

</doc>
<doc id="19143707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143707" title="Game On (exhibition)">
Game On (exhibition)

Game On is an exhibition organised and toured by the Barbican Art Gallery. The exhibition displays an historical view of video game development from early arcade games to the present. First featuring at the Barbican Art Gallery in 2002, the exhibition is claimed to have been seen by over 1 million people worldwide. The organisers state that "Visitors will be able to play games dating as far back as the 1960s" and hope to show the cultural impact of games and consoles. The exhibition attracted over 117,000 visitors in Melbourne, Australia in 2008 after previously attracting 99,500 at the Barbican Art Gallery in London and 127,000 in Chicago.
The exhibition's original curator, Conrad Bodman, stated that his goal was to "... look at the history, culture and the future of video games and try to unlock that for the general public." and "It's been really interesting developing the exhibition because these machines don't exist in public collections. [...] They are the preserve of a small number of collectors around the world." Henry Lowood, at Stanford University, one of very few academics working to preserve video games and their culture, said "Since the late 20th century, cultural history includes digital game culture. [...] It is not only the case that the history of this medium will be lost if we do not preserve the history of digital games, but also that we will not be able to provide a complete cultural history of this period."
Touring staff with the exhibition include a technician found in a retro games shop in London, who helps maintain the machines as well as help the show expand and grow.
Showings.
The exhibition has been displayed at:
Currently at Somewhere...
A review of the Melbourne exhibition stated "Game On presents an incredibly diverse range of items and information to those that wander its floorspace. The exhibition is a great gathering of the cultural items that have created the imaginative alternate worlds gamers have immersed themselves in over the age."
Game On 2.0.
On 3 July 2010, an upgraded version of the exhibition, entitled Game On 2.0, this exhibition expands on the original Game On show and has more exhibits and games. It has been displayed at
Currently at the Swedish National Museum of Science and Technology, Stockholm, Sweden from 25 October 2013 to 27 April 2014.
Further reading.
King, L. ed., "Game on: The History and Culture of Videogames" (London, Laurence King: 2002).
collection was published in association with the Game On exhibition

</doc>
<doc id="19143717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143717" title="Midlands 4 West (South)">
Midlands 4 West (South)

English Rugby Union Midland Division – Midlands 4 West (South) is a Level 9 English Rugby Union League.
Midlands 4 West (South) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. 
The league structure was re-worked for the beginning of the 2009 season therefore this league used to be called Midlands 5 West (South).
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 3 West (South).
Teams 2008–09.
Worcester Students withdrew from the league after failing to field 15 players regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="19143718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143718" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 1500 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 1500 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 1500 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 40 participating athletes, with three qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Tuesday 24 August 1999 at 21:10h.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19143719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143719" title="Sven Tito Achen">
Sven Tito Achen

Sven Tito Achen (born July 29, 1922 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, died November 14, 1986) was a Danish writer and author on heraldry, co-founder of the Scandinavian Society of Heraldry (Societas Heraldica Scandinavica) and the first editor of the Scandinavian Heraldisk Tidskrift (Heraldry Journal) published in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19143722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143722" title="Ravindra Mankani">
Ravindra Mankani

Ravindra Laxman Mankani (born 21 May 1956) is a veteran actor who is noted for his work in many a daily soaps, plays and films. Though a civil engineer by qualification, Ravindra's love for acting and media pursued him to give his time to the cultural field.
He is a two time Maharashtra State Award winner for best acting for his work in Varsa Lakshmicha and Limited Manuski. He has worked with the some of the best directors in the industry like Jayoo & Nachiket Patwardhan, Gajanan Jahgirdar, Vijaya Mehta, Mahesh Manjrekar, Raj Kumar Santoshi, Shahab Shamsi, Gajendra Ahere and Mohan Gokhale. Some of his noted serial roles are Shrimant Madhavrao Peshwe in Swami, Thakur Harisingh in Trikaal, Siddharth Singhania in Shanti, Shrirang Deshmukh in Jhale Mokale Akash,etc.
Some of his Marathi TV serials are Swami, Ashwamedha, Soudamini, Zale Mokale Aakash, Athiti, Kamala (Pimpalpaan), Avantika, Sonpavale, Pankhanchi Savali and Hindi serials are Terah Panne, Shrikant, Tiger, Trikaal, Shanti, CID Specialbeureau, Khaki. Some of his notable dramas are Aakrosh, Aparsh Amrutacha, Reshim Dhage, Buland, Mahant, Hi Shrinchi Iccha and films are Nagin, Smritichitre, Nivdung, Warsa Laxmicha, Limited Manuski, Band Zarokhe, Not only Mrs. Raut, Khandobachya Navane, etc.
His work in movies for which he was awarded include 22 June 1897 and Limited Manuski ( Marathi - Limited humanity) directed by Nachiket and Jayoo Patwardhan and Varsa Lakshmicha.
Sources.
http://www.chakpak.com/celebrity/ravindra-mankani/11692
http://www.aarewah.com/xp/modules/mediawiki/index.php?title=Mr.Ravindra_Laxman_Mankani

</doc>
<doc id="19143729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143729" title="Church of St. John the Divine, Bulwell">
Church of St. John the Divine, Bulwell

The Church of St. John the Divine, Bulwell is a parish church in the Church of England.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
It was constructed between 1884 and 1885 and the architect was William Knight. It is situated on Quarry Road in Bulwell. Quarry Road no longer exists, and the Church is now situated off Keys Close.
Stained glass.
There is some stained glass by James Powell and Sons from 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="19143749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143749" title="Gustaf Lindh">
Gustaf Lindh

Gustaf Allan Lindh (born May 21, 1926 in Tätort Liden, Sundsvall Municipality) is a former Swedish modern pentathlete who competed in the winter pentathlon in the 1948 Winter Olympics.
Gustaf Lindh is the only Olympic champion in Winter Pentathlon. Winter pentathlon was a one-time event solely held at the Olympic Games in 1948 in St. Moritz. Sweden had four participants, including the future Olympic champion in modern pentathlon, William Grut. Grut, Claes Egnell und Bertil Haase were about ten years older than Lindh and at that time the dominant athletes in winter pentathlon, but Lindh went on to beat the favourites. He won the shooting and riding with the only flaw being a sixth rank in the downhill event. His teammate Haase won the downhill and the 10 km cross country as he was an excellent skier, but did not finish tops in shooting, fencing and riding.
Grut showed a balanced performance, but Lindh finished a point ahead of him and Haase. The fourth Swede, Egnell, broke his leg in the downhill, and had to abandon the competition in fourth place. 
Like all other participants, Lindh was also a member of the armed forces. At age seventeen, he had joined the Swedish Army in Östersund because of the lack of educational opportunities during World War II. He attended military school (Swedish: "volontär–, konstapel– och furirskola") as a Furir (Private First Class) and excelled in winter sports. Already in his third appearance in a Winter Pentathlon in 1946, he won the Swedish championship and thus qualified for the Olympic Games. In autumn 1948, he was dismissed from the military and began training in the field of energy technology at the "Tekniska Fackskolan" (Technical Vocational School) in Sundsvall, then worked as an engineer and designer for high-voltage lines. He continued his sports activities until a shattered jaw after a horse riding accident in Stockholm forced him to retire in 1954 and set an end to his career.
Lindh spent some years in the United States, went back to Sweden at the end of the 1960s and lives since in Viksjö, Järfälla northwest of Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="19143750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143750" title="List of Bengali films of 2008">
List of Bengali films of 2008

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 2008.
Highest grossing.
Top ten movies.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19143755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143755" title="2008 Australian Production Car Championship">
2008 Australian Production Car Championship

The 2008 Australian Production Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Group 3E Series Production Cars. It was the 15th Australian Production Car Championship to be awarded by CAMS.
Schedule.
The title was contested over a four round series with all rounds run concurrently with those of the 2008 Australian Manufacturers' Championship.
Rounds 1 & 4 were contested over two races and Rounds 2 & 3 over three races.
Classes.
Cars competed in six classes:
Points.
Points were awarded to registered drivers for class placings achieved at each race on varying scales depending on the number of competitors in each class at each round.
No points were awarded for outright race placings.
For Rounds 1 & 4, co-drivers, where nominated, were eligible to score points so long as they were registered for the Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19143767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143767" title="Kalaleng">
Kalaleng

A kalaleng is a nose flute made from bamboo from the Philippines.
Usually around two feet in length a kalaleng has holes cut in the side, to be stopped by the fingers producing the notes. The player closes one nostril with a bit of cotton, then forces the air from the other into a small hold cut in the end of the tube. This instrument is found mostly in the northern Philippines and is popular with all the native mountain population of the area. It is a usually decorated with etched patterns. 
The instrument is popular with men and is often used in courting.

</doc>
<doc id="19143779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143779" title="Tonga at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Tonga at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Tonga sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. 
The Tonga National Olympic Committee initially reported that the country's sole representative would be Sione Manu, in the men's shot put. However, in the end, Manu was not part of Tonga's delegation, and the nation's single competitor was Mounga Okusitino, in the men's 100 metre sprint for athletes with cerebral palsy.

</doc>
<doc id="19143786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143786" title="Midlands 5 West (South)">
Midlands 5 West (South)

English Rugby Union Midland Division – Midlands 5 West (Southwest) is a level 10 English Rugby Union League.
Midlands 5 West (Southwest) is made up of teams from around the East Midlands of England who play home and away matches throughout a winter season. As with many low level they are often subject to re-structure
Promoted teams move up to Midlands 4 West (South).
Teams 2008–09.
Worcester Students withdrew from the league after failing to field 15 players regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="19143792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143792" title="Shimon Shetreet">
Shimon Shetreet

Prof. Shimon Shetreet (, born 1 March 1946) is a former Israeli politician who held several ministerial portfolios between 1992 and 1996.
Life and politics.
Born in Erfoud in Morocco, Shetreet's family made aliyah to Israel in 1949. He studied law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, gaining an LLB and LLM. He then went on to the University of Chicago, where he gained an LLD. 
In 1988 he was elected to the Knesset on the Alignment's list. After being re-elected in 1992 (by which time the Alignment had become the Labor Party), Shetreet was appointed Minister of Economics and Planning and Minister of Science and Technology. He lost the latter portfolio in June 1993 when it was given to Shulamit Aloni, but also became Minister of Religious Affairs in February 1992. When Shimon Peres formed a new government following the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin, he remained Minster of Religious Affairs, but lost the Economics and Planning portfolio.
In the 1996 elections Shetreet lost his seat and his place in the cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="19143793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143793" title="Tonga at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Tonga at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Tonga sent a delegation to compete at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. The country was represented by a single athlete, Alailupe Valeti (also referred to as Alailupe Tualau), who competed in a shot put event for visually impaired athletes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19143799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143799" title="European Photovoltaic Industry Association">
European Photovoltaic Industry Association

The European Photovoltaic Industry Association (EPIA) represents members active along the whole solar PV value chain: from silicon, cells and module production to systems development and PV electricity generation as well as marketing and sales. EPIA’s mission is to give its global membership a distinct and effective voice in the European market, especially in the EU.
EPIA is a founding member of European Renewable Energy Council (EREC), Alliance for Rural Electrification (ARE) and PV CYCLE. EPIA is a member of IEA-PVPS (International Energy Agency Photovoltaic Power Systems Programme) and EUFORES (European Forum for Renewable Energy Sources). EPIA coordinates the European Photovoltaic Technology Platform and co-organizes the European industry event PVSEC.
Publications.
Below you can find the latest EPIA publications and reports. 
External links.
European Photovoltaic Industry Association

</doc>
<doc id="19143800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143800" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1983–1986">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1983–1986

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1983 to 21 May 1986. The chamber had 34 seats made up of 17 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire at each triennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19143809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143809" title="Tonga at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Tonga at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Tonga sent a delegation to compete at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. The country was represented by a single athlete, Alailupe Valeti (also referred to as Alailupe Tualau), who competed in the discus and in the shot put, in events for visually impaired athletes. It was Tonga's first participation in the Paralympic Games. 

</doc>
<doc id="19143842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143842" title="Tonga at the Paralympics">
Tonga at the Paralympics

Tonga first participated at the Paralympic Games in 2000, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Paralympic Games since then. The country has never taken part in the Winter Paralympics.
Two athletes have represented Tonga at the Paralympics: Alailupe Valeti in the shot put in 2000 and 2004, and Mounga Okusitino in sprinting in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19143852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143852" title="Dutch Safety Board">
Dutch Safety Board

The Dutch Safety Board (DSB); Onderzoeksraad Voor Veiligheid (OVV), ("literally" "Investigation Council for Safety") is based in The Hague, The Netherlands. The first chairman was Pieter van Vollenhoven, who served until February 2011. He was succeeded by Tjibbe Joustra, the current chairman.
History.
The formation of the DSB occurred after the Enschede fireworks disaster and the Volendam café fire.
The DSB was formed in 2005 by a merger between the defence and public transportation safety boards. It replaced the Dutch Transport Safety Board.
As of 2012 the DSB actively investigates accidents and incidents related to aviation, construction and services, crisis management and aid provision, defence, human and animal health care, industry and networks, pipelines, rail transport, shipping, and water. The DSB has the authorization to investigate accidents and incidents in any conceivable field.
Areas of investigations.
Operational sectors of investigations include:
Structure.
The board acts as an autonomous organisation. Its code of conduct is established by law.
The organisation consists of a Board and a Bureau. The Board has five permanent members, the Bureau fulfills executive tasks.
References.
Sources.
"This article incorporates text from www.safetyboard.nl, a public domain work of the Dutch government."

</doc>
<doc id="19143875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143875" title="Eyre (legal term)">
Eyre (legal term)

An Eyre or Iter was the name of a circuit traveled by an itinerant justice in medieval England (a Justice in Eyre), or the circuit court he presided over, or the right of the king (or justices acting in his name) to visit and inspect the holdings of any vassal. The eyre involved visits and inspections at irregular intervals of the houses of all vassals in the kingdom.
The eyre of 1194, was initiated under Hubert Walter's justiciarship to restore royal justice following the anarchy of Prince John's rebellion. Within two months, justices on eyre had visited every shire in England. The Articles of Eyre appointed local knights as coroners to record crown pleas to be presented to the justices. The motivation for this administrative reform was the need to raise money for King Richard I's reconquest of Normandy. The coroners were also required to account for the wealth forfeited by the rebels and list the financial resources of each shire.
The 1233 Eyre of Cornwall, provoked terror in the populace causing most of the population to flee into the woods.

</doc>
<doc id="19143885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143885" title="Antoine Cardon">
Antoine Cardon

Antoine-Alexandre-Joseph Cardon (1739–1822), also known as Cardon the elder to distinguish him from his son Anthony Cardon, was a Belgian painter, portraitist and engraver.
Life.
He was born in Brussels, then in the Austrian Netherlands. He lived for a long time on rue de Persil (near place Saint-Michel, now known as Place des Martyrs) in the city, which also passed through French and Dutch hands during his lifetime, and shone in the arts under the Austrian, French and Dutch regimes.
He was a student of Hyacinthe de La Peyne, painter to empress Maria-Theresa I of Hungary, and once followed his teacher to Vienna. Thanks to the protection of Charles de Cobenzl, Maria-Theresa's minister-plenipotentiary in Brussels, Cardon became a pensionary of the government and was thus able to stay for a time in Rome and Naples.
Recalled to Brussels by Cobenzl, he became a professor at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts and made his artistic career in the city - his pupils included Adèle Kindt. It was there in 1810 that he and Antoine Brice founded an association of professional and amateur artists. In 1822 Cardon was named a member of the Royal Institute of the Netherlands by William II of the Netherlands.
He was a highly enthusiastic member of Freemasonry, then having great success in the nobility of the Austrian Netherlands - his name is among the first initiates of the "loge de l'Union" (third lodge in Brussels, n° 9, inscribed on the tables of 1783 and 1786), and he engraved several Masonic diplomas and emblems.
Cardon died in Brussels.
Works.
His secular works include :
Family.
Antoine Cardon was the father of the engraver Antoine Cardon the Younger (1772-1813) who set up as an engraver in England in 1793 and died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19143888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143888" title="St. Mary's Church, Attenborough">
St. Mary's Church, Attenborough

St. Mary's Church, Attenborough is a parish church in the Church of England in the village of Attenborough, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The present day church consists of a medieval chancel with north vestry (now housing an organ) and south wall chancel door, clerestoried nave, north and south aisles, south porch, west tower and spire, and west-end vestries and galilee added in 20th century. It is set within a conventional churchyard that is walled and gated on Church Lane (north side).
A chapel is said to have existed on the banks of the River Trent at Attenburgh in 964 AD and was overbuilt with the stone chancel of the present day church. The chancel was thought to exist as early as 1042 and is recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 where it is referred to as being shared by Chilwell and Toton. These two communities had formed at a distance on higher ground, probably as a result of the church being built on a gravel ridge adjacent to the river where there was little room for community expansion around it without the risk of frequent flooding of the homes. The boundary division of these two civil parishes divided the churchyard for many years.
The church was restored in 1869 by the architect Richard Charles Sutton. The west end gallery was removed, and the belfry arch was opened up.
Until the 20th century, Attenborough was the ecclesiastical parish responsible for the souls of the Chilwell and Toton communities. Bramcote was also adjoined with Attenborough, the parish being known as Attenborough cum Bramcote. In 1903 a separate mission church, Christ Church, had been built at Chilwell, and in 1923, a daughter church, St Peter's, was built at Toton.
In 1957, a further mission church was built at the extremity of the rapidly developing area of Chilwell and was known as St. Barnabas Church, Inham Nook. Eventually, in 1967 Bramcote became a separate parish and Rev James Hamilton-Brown became its first vicar. Then in 1975 Chilwell was recognised as a parish in its own right and became Chilwell with Inham Nook. The first vicar of this newly formed parish was the Rev John Williams. At the same time in 1975 Attenborough became Attenborough with Toton and merited its own vicar; the first vicar being Rev Frank Beech who was previously the curate at Attenborough. A small amount of the old parish, which was situated South of the River Trent, was at this time transferred to Clifton. This arrangement continued until once more, due to population growth, it was necessary to divide Attenborough and Toton to form separate parishes. This division took effect from 1 May 2001 and Rev Peter Gibbs was to be re-licensed as vicar of Toton.
This development time-line is necessary to understand the complexities of the historical ecclesiastical parish of Attenborough, once known as the 'ABC Empire', otherwise, Attenborough, Bramcote and Chilwell with St Barnabas', Inham Nook, and St Peter's, Toton plus the Chilwell Garrison church on MOD land.
The church is a medieval building. The spire was rebuilt in 1848 and reaches a height of . The main body of the church was heavily restored in 1869 by Richard Charles Sutton.
Henry Ireton, the son-in-law of Oliver Cromwell, was baptised here in 1611.
Bells.
There are eight bells in the tower. The oldest dates from 1370 where details of these are displayed in the tower.
Organ.
An organ was provided by Mr. Groves of London, and was restored in 1869 by Lloyd and Dudgeon of Nottingham.
Monuments and memorials.
Early armorial bearings for the Babington, Nevil and Leake families of the 13th and 14th centuries were said to be visibly incorporated into certain church windows as late as 1840 but unfortunately no longer exist.
Later centuries are well represented by various arms and plaques. The most colourful of these is a carved wooden memorial bearing the arms of the Powtrell family, dated 1623 and depicted in red, white and gold on black. It is located on the east wall of the chancel. Also on the east wall is the alabaster memorial plaque to John Mather, Vicar of Attenborough, 1586-1625. Also mentioned are his two wives, Elizabeth and Joane.
The north wall of the chancel holds a brass plaque commemorating the Foljambe family who were for three centuries connected with the church. Also on this wall is a memorial to Francis Jaques, alias Gambard, of Toton, and his wife and children. Francis died 27 August 1606. The inscription tells us, that the memorial was erected by George, the oldest son. 
High on the wall of the north aisle are the Warren arms, a hatchment measuring . This is associated with Admiral Sir John Borlace Warren, grandson of Arthur Warren and the heiress of Sir John Borlace. He was created a baronet in 1775.
The choir stalls, with four carved pannels of mermaids and mermen (with initials I.P. part of the Powtrell family arms) bear the following inscription "To the Glory of God, and in loving memory of Josiah Brown of Attenborough and his wife Elizabeth of Bramcote. These stalls were given by their children. MCMXXVIII"
Churchyard.
It is described in the Terrier of 1777 as about of land, well fenced on the east with quick hedges, bounded on the north and west by Robert Holbrook's house, barn and thick walls of stone, and on the South by a stone wall and brook.
The east is still bounded by quick hedges and iron railings. The north is still bounded in part by the wall to Ireton House and also by a purpose built wall to the boundary of Church Lane. The original iron gates were put in situ in 1842 at a cost of £85.d. and then replaced in the 20th century. The thick stone wall boundary between Ireton House and the west end of the church remains, but the stone wall on the south has disappeared to be replaced by hedging and alder trees. There were several elm trees situated along the north and south boundaries but unfortunately these were claimed by Dutch Elm Disease in the 1980s.
The church stands on the highest level of the churchyard with the land falling away slightly to the south and north. The churchyard does sometimes flood after a very wet winter with the water rising from the River Trent and gravel pit lakes to the South. Although access to the church is difficult at these times, the church building has never been flooded.

</doc>
<doc id="19143907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143907" title="Louis Arthur Grimes School of Law">
Louis Arthur Grimes School of Law

Louis Arthur Grimes School of Law is the law school of the University of Liberia in Monrovia, Liberia. Founded in 1951, it is named after former Chief Justice of the Liberian Supreme Court, Louis Arthur Grimes. The school offers a three-year program leading to the granting of the Bachelor of Laws degree. Publicly supported, it is the only law school in the West African nation.
History.
In 1862, Liberia College was founded with the national legislature creating the University of Liberia in 1951. In addition to the transition to a university, the legislature created the Louis Arthur Grimes School of Law and Government that same year at the university. In 1954, the law school began offering classes. Joseph Rudolph Grimes founded the school, named it after his father Louis Arthur Grimes, and served as the law school’s first dean.
In 1956, Anthony Barclay succeeded Grimes as dean and remained until 1961 when the school closed after conferring a total of 21 degrees. In September of the next year the school re-opened with former Attorney General Joseph W. Garber as the dean and enrollment of 20 students. For 1963 the school employed two full-time instructors and six part-time faculty for a program that held only afternoon and evening classes. At that time the law school was housed in J. J. Roberts Hall, tuition was $27 per term, and the library contained approximately 500 volumes. The Liberian Law Journal, a law review journal, began at the school in 1965.
By 1966 the law school had grown to 49 students enrolled in either the full-time or part-time programs with a department of 13 faculty members overseeing the students and the publication of the twice yearly Liberian Law Journal. About half the professors were visiting professors, including some from the Peace Corps. The law journal temporarily stopped publication from 1970 to 1974, resumed for a few editions, and then paused again until a final publication in 1986 with a total of eight volumes printed.
Since its founding, the law school along with the university have closed on several occasions due to civil strife including in 1979, 1984, and 1990. The United Nations Mission in Liberia donated USD $17,000, computers, and law text books to the law school in May 2005. In 2007, the American Bar Association paid for renovations to the law school. In April 2007, the school participated in an international moot court competition in neighboring Sierra Leone.
Academics.
The School of Law has a course of study that leads to the Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) degree after three years of specialization by students at the university. Like the juris doctorate (JD), the LL.B. requires the completion of an undergraduate degree, which is legal study similar to the JD. Grimes School of Law also offers a part-time evening program that encompasses five years of study.
Courses include civil procedure, legal research and writing, criminal law, property, torts, constitutional law, contracts, evidence, along with other standard law school courses. As the only law school in Liberia, the school also offers a class on African law. Internationally, the school has a partnership with the Indiana University Maurer School of Law in the United States. Graduates are automatically admitted to the country’s bar, and after three years in legal practice may apply to take a test to be admitted to the Supreme Court of Liberia’s bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19143924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143924" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 1500 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 1500 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 1500 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 29 participating athletes, with two qualifying heats and the final held on Sunday 29 August 1999 at 20:10h.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19143926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143926" title="Name of Croatia">
Name of Croatia

The name of Croatia derives from Medieval Latin "Croātia", itself a derivation of the native Slavic ethnonym, earlier "Xъrvat(in)ъ" and modern-day .
Earliest record.
The first attestation of the term is in the charter of duke Trpimir from 852 AD, whose original has been lost but a copy has been preserved from 1568 (Lujo Margetić has proposed in 2002 that the document is in fact of legislative character, dating to AD 840). The oldest stone inscription is the Branimir Inscription (found in Šopot near Benkovac), where Duke Branimir is mentioned:
The Old Croatian ethnonym *xъrvatъ (hŭrvatŭ) is of variant stem, and is attested in the earliest Croatian written monument, the Baška tablet from 1100 AD: "zvъnъmirъ kralъ xrъvatъskъ" ("Zvonimir, king of Croats").
The first foreign-language sources that unambiguously mention the name "Croat" were written in the 10th century, in the documents of Split Church Councils and the "De administrando imperio", written by Byzantine emperor Constantine VII.
Etymology.
The exact origin of the ethnonym "Hrvat" (Proto-Slavic "*Xъrvatъ", Old Church Slavonic: "Xъrvatinъ") is not known.
The most widely held theory by Croatian linguists is that of the connection with an Iranian name, based on the Old Persian toponym "Harahvat-", the native name of Arachosia. "Arachosia" is the Latinized form of Greek Ἀραχωσία – Arachosíā. In Old Persian inscriptions, the region is referred to as "" (, from h-r-u-v-t-i-, corresponding to Vedic Sarasvati River).
The derivation from the Old Persian /xaraxwat-/ is usually cited as being substantiated by a 3rd-century "Scythian" form /xoroaθ-/ () attested in the Tanais Tablets, an inscription from Tanais.
The Medieval Latin name "Croātia" is derived from North-West Slavic "xrovat-", by liquid metathesis from Common Slavic *xorvat-, from Proto-Slavic *xarwāt-.
There are still numerous attempts to derive the name from alternative origins; proposes a borrowing from Proto-Germanic that came to mean "warriors clad with horn-armour". According to this scenario, an exonym "C(h)rovati", "Xrōbátoi", "Hrváti" etc. over time was adopted as a self-designation.
Distribution.
Croatian place names can be found in northern Slavic regions such as Moravia and Slovakia, along the river Saale in Germany, in Austria and Slovenia, and in the south in Greece and Albania.
Thus in the Duchy of Carinthia one can find "Hrvatski kotar" and "Chrowat" along upper Mura; in Middle Ages the following place names have been recorded: "Krobathen", "Krottendorf", "Krautkogel"; "Kraut" near Spittal. In the Duchy of Styria there are toponyms such as "Chraberstorf", "Krawerspach", "Chrawat", etc.
In Slovenia there are "Hrovate" and "Hrovača". In Germany along Saale there were "Chruuati", "Churbate", and "Korbetha", west of Leipzig.
In the southern Balkans, the Republic of Macedonia has a place named "Arvati" (Арвати) situated near lower Prespa; in Greece there is a "Charváti" () in Attica and another in Argolis, as well as "Charváta" () on Crete; and in Albania, "Hirvati".

</doc>
<doc id="19143946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143946" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1986–1989">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1986–1989

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 22 May 1986 to 21 May 1989. The chamber had 34 seats made up of 17 provinces each electing two members, on a system of rotation whereby one-half of the members would retire at each triennial election. 
During the term, the "Acts Amendment (Electoral Reform) Act 1987" (No.40 of 1987) was passed, which abolished all provinces and created six new multi-member electoral regions to be filled with a system of proportional representation. Terms were increased to four years, but all members retired at each election in contrast with previous practice. There was no transition period—all present members would retire on 21 May 1989, and the new arrangement would take effect the following day based on the results of the 4 February 1989 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19143993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19143993" title="San Clemente del Tuyú">
San Clemente del Tuyú

San Clemente del Tuyú is an Argentine town in the "Partido de la Costa" district of the Province of Buenos Aires.
History.
Noticed by Ferdinand Magellan in 1520, who gave nearby Cape San Antonio its name, Spanish authorities first surveyed the area in 1580. Led by reformist Governor Hernando Arias de Saavedra, his Guaraní staff christened the spot "Rincón del Tuyú" ("muddy corner"). First mapped by British Jesuit Thomas Falkner in 1744, the neighboring stream was named "San Clemente" by Spanish Jesuit José Cardiel.
The waterfront area was soon purchased by the Ortiz de Rozas family, one of Argentina's most well-established landowners. Sold to another prominent family, the Leloirs, in 1816, the area became a sheep ranch. A descandant of the Ortiz de Rozas', General Juan Manuel de Rosas, had the area incorporated into a district of the Province of Buenos Aires in 1825, the area's first assigned jurisdiction since national independence in 1816; as Governor, Rosas brutally repressed a local insurrection in 1839 against his repressive rule. Following Rosas' 1852 overthrow, the area was given a county seat (Mar del Tuyú) in 1864 and, with the arrival of abattoirs, the government had fishermen's docks, a canal between San Clemente and Buenos Aires, a railhead and two lighthouses built between 1878 and 1902.
Prospering during the 1920s, the Argentine middle class first became widely aware of the idyllic coast through the efforts of Mayor Jorge Gibson, who had the local coastline graded into public beaches. The project's success led to the first gravel road into San Clemente in 1932 and its formal designation as a municipality; soon followed service stations, campgrounds, real estate developments, a power plant and even a monastery. President Juan Perón made plans for a nearby submarine base that, though never built, resulted in a four-lane highway into San Clemente. This and continuing national prosperity led to the town's rapid development after 1950, which led to the establishment of a hospital in 1970 and of Mundo Marino in 1979, still the largest oceanarium in South America.
A nature theme park ("Parque Bahía Aventura") opened in 1997; drawing few crowds, the area was slated for closure when, in 2003, mineral hot springs were discovered at the spot. County Mayor Juan de Jesús set aside part of Bahía Aventura and opened Termas Marinas, today one of Argentina's most popular hot springs.
The city today.
San Clemente del Tuyú, the northernmost among seven sea-side communities in the "Partido de la Costa" district, today counts 27 hotels (of which 14 are three or four-star establishments), the most important of which is the four-star sea-front Hotel Fontainebleu, with 71 rooms. The aquarium, adventure park and hot springs are complemented by two natural sciences museums, fishing boat tours and the 129 meter (400 feet) -long pier, among other parks and attractions. Punta Rasa, at the northern end of the city and the cape, was made a nature preserve in 1997. The activity around fishing boat tours centers around the black corvine feast held annually since 1966, towards December. The area's vast dunes also set the stage for the annual Enduro competition held here every February since 1998. A small but loyal contingent of visitors also arrives seasonally from San Clemente, California, a sister city of San Clemente del Tuyú since 1969.
The seven sister communities receive nearly a million visitors monthly during the peak summer season (January and February), of which San Clemente del Tuyú hosts roughly one tenth, given its proportion of the district's hotel room availability. A considerable number of summertime visitors also come to enjoy Benedictine monk Mamerto Menapace's sermons and lectures, which takes place at the order's San Clemente estancia and offers ascetic "pilgrim" accommodations. San Clemente del Tuyú hosted the Sixth Iberoamerican Congress on Environmental Education in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19144088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144088" title="Antoine Brice">
Antoine Brice

Antoine Brice (26 May 1752, Brussels, then in the Austrian Netherlands - 23 January 1817, Brussels) was a Belgian painter.
Life.
Antoine Brice was the son of the painter Pierre-François Brice, working in the entourage of Prince Charles Alexander of Lorraine, and his own son Ignace also became a painter. Antoine began his training as a painter under his father at the Brussels Court and was made a master by the Corporation of Painters of Brussels on 5 February 1783. In the meantime he had also followed a more classical training at the Academy of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture of Brussels, where he won first prize in 1776. This training and the entourage of the governor-general's court led him, at the end of the 18th century and the end of the Austrian regime in Brussels, to become a kind of official painter to the city's aristocratic circles.
He became a professor at the Brussels academy and there headed a course on classical art and the principals of drawing. His students included Jean Baptiste Madou. In 1810 he joined with the painters Antoine Cardon, Charles Verhulst and François-Joseph Navez to found a "Société des Amateurs d'Arts".

</doc>
<doc id="19144158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144158" title="A Drop of The Dubliners">
A Drop of The Dubliners

A Drop of The Dubliners is a compilation album by The Dubliners, released by Major Minor label as their contract with them ended. It consisted of tracks already available on the previous Major Minor releases, with the exception of the previously unavailable "Lock Up Your Daughters", a very rare track featuring a lead vocal shared by Ronnie Drew and Luke Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="19144172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144172" title="14th Tony Awards">
14th Tony Awards

The 14th Annual Tony Awards took place at the Astor Hotel Grand Ballroom on April 24, 1960 and was broadcast on local television station WCBS-TV in New York City. The Master of Ceremonies was Eddie Albert.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Jean Pierre Aumont, Lauren Bacall, Ray Bolger, Peggy Cass, Jo Van Fleet, Helen Hayes, Celeste Holm, Edward Albert Kenny, Sally Koriyo, Carol Lawrence, Vivien Leigh, Darren McGavin, Helen Menken, Robert Morse, Elliott Nugent, Laurie Peters, Christopher Plummer, Jason Robards
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
For the first time, several award categories (director, scenic designer) had separate awards for dramas and musicals.
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19144208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144208" title="Little by Little (band)">
Little by Little (band)

little by little is a Japanese pop rock band, consisting of vocalist Hideco and Tetsuhiko. little by little's record label is Sony Music Entertainment Japan and they are attached to Stardust Promotion. They are known mainly for their contributions to anime, including , the opening theme for the third season of "Naruto", "Love & Peace", the second opening theme to "Superior Defender Gundam Force", "Hummingbird", a closing theme for "Yakitate!! Japan", and , the third closing theme of "".
The band is named after the song "Little by Little" from their favorite band Oasis.

</doc>
<doc id="19144216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144216" title="St. Paul's Church, Daybrook">
St. Paul's Church, Daybrook

St. Paul's Church, Daybrook is a parish church in the Church of England in Daybrook, Nottingham.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
It was built by the architect John Loughborough Pearson between 1892 and 1896 at a cost of £26,000 (£ as of ), paid for by Sir Charles Seely The spire rises to a height of 150 ft.
Stained Glass.
The stained glass windows are by Clayton and Bell.
Bells.
There are eight bells in the tower cast by Mears and Stainbank in London in 1897.
Organ.
The organ was built by Augustus Gern in 1896 in the French style. It is a two-manual instrument of twenty-four stops situated in the north chancel aisle. Its oaken case is delicately carved and traceried.

</doc>
<doc id="19144234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144234" title="Pierre-François Brice">
Pierre-François Brice

Pierre-François Brice (26 November 1714 (baptised) - 13 May 1794) was a French artist who spent most of his career in what is now Belgium.
Life.
Brice was born at Saint-Venant, France. Around 1735 he established himself in Brussels, then capital of the Austrian Netherlands, to devote himself to painting. He was received into the city's Corporation of Painters as a master during 1743-1744. He became painter-decorator to the court of Prince Charles Alexander of Lorraine and painted several interior schemes in his Brussels palace, such as those "paysages chinois" mentioned in the archives. He died in Brussels.
Pierre-François Brice was the father of the painter and engraver Antoine Brice (1752-1817) and the grandfather of Ignace Brice (1795-1866), the "David bruxellois".

</doc>
<doc id="19144264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144264" title="Arif İsayev">
Arif İsayev

In the summer of 2012, İsayev left Gabala to join AZAL.
In January 2013, he left AZAL and signs a contract til 2014 in Denizlispor.

</doc>
<doc id="19144267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144267" title="Márton Lőrincz">
Márton Lőrincz

Márton Lõrincz (26 October 1911 in Korond - 1 August 1969 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Lõrincz competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "bantamweight" class.
Disputed Facts.
Márton Lőrincz is an alias name for Hungarian Gustav Urbancsik, born 1915 in Budapest Hungary and died 1971 in Sydney Australia 

</doc>
<doc id="19144343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144343" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 5000 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 5000 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 5000 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 37 participating athletes, with two qualifying heats and the final held on Saturday 28 August 1999 at 21:30h.

</doc>
<doc id="19144344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144344" title="Bor Asbe Ekhuni">
Bor Asbe Ekhuni

Bor Asbe Ekhuni () is a 2008 Bengali film by Rangan Chakraborty. It stars Jisshu Sengupta,
Koel Mallick and Kanchan Mullick. The music is by Jeet Ganguly and Indradeep Dasgupta.
Plot.
Mitil (Koel) a small town girl from Siliguri decides to come to Kolkata to realize her dreams of becoming a radio jockey. Her father supports her decision, but her mother is against it and constantly asks her daughter to get married. She arrives in Kolkata and starts living in a hostel with other girls. Over there she makes a great friend in Bibi (Mallika Majumdar), but at the same time she is not comfortable sharing a room with other people and decides to look for a house. She encounters the usual problem of people being hostile to her for being a single girl, but finally comes a large house occupied by its landlady, a widow (Tanima Sen) who readily agrees to rent out a floor to Mitil, but Mitil lied to her that she is getting married and that her would be husband would be joining her soon. There lies the actual problem. She has to find herself a fake husband to present him before the landlady. Who does she do that?
One day Mitil and Bibi land up at a bar cum restaurant where they accidentally met two guys Avik (Jisshu) and Kanchan (Kanchan Mullick). Mitil gets high on alcohol and tells Avik and Kanchan about her plan. The next day Mitil calls Avik to apologize and asks Avik if he can help her out by pretending to be her husband. Avik agrees to do so and so a fake marriage ceremony takes place with other witnesses to please the landlady. Mitil falls sick one day and Avik nurses her back to her health. Avik becomes close to Mitil, but Mitil is indifferent and feels she need to put an end to this fake drama. Mitil’s parents who were unaware of everything land up unannounced at Mitil’s place. Mitil tells her parents her landlady is mad and thinks she is married. In the meantime, Avik is no longer in touch with Mitil as he had been asked to leave by Mitil indirectly and her parents pressure her to get married as she is made to under stand her father has suffered a cerebral stroke. On the day of her marriage just when she is about to get married, she comes to know Avik has met with an accident and she rushes to the hospital to meet him. The accident turns out to be fake as it turns out to be plan of which Mitil’s father is the mastermind and the film ends on a happy note.

</doc>
<doc id="19144348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144348" title="Chicken pie">
Chicken pie

Chicken pie is a pie consisting of a puff or shortcrust pastry with a filling of chicken meat and gravy.
Some choose to add vegetables such as leeks, and/or mushrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="19144372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144372" title="Agriculture Research Station of Gonbad">
Agriculture Research Station of Gonbad

The Agriculture Research Station of Gonbad is an agricultural research stations in Iran known for its considerable contribution to releasing high yielding varieties. This station was established in 1985. It is located 5 km east of historical city of Gonbad-e Qabus.
Several experiments on breeding and agronomical aspects of important crops such as cereals (bread wheat, durum wheat, barley), oil seed crops (sunflower, canola and soybean), pulse crops (chickpea, lentil), cotton, melon and watermelon are carried out. Collection and identification of pest and disease, pest and disease control methods, plant nutrition, are also conducted at the station. In addition to activities mentioned above, the breeders and foundation seed increase of varieties are done at the station. Accessions for tolerance to heat and draught stress, which are prevailing in the region (harsh conditions at final stages in particular), are evaluated at this station. Since several international experiments are carried out at this station, it is visited by researchers from International Institutes and by university professors.
The breeders at the station try to find lines and to produce hybrids with greater stability and higher tolerance to harsh abiotic conditions prevailing in the region. The best IPM methods in controlling pests, diseases and weeds are also studied. Increasing yield of crops per ha and per input is one of the principal aims of the researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="19144374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144374" title="Imre Hódos">
Imre Hódos

Imre Hódos (January 10, 1928 in Hajdúnánás - April 23, 1989 in Debrecen) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Hódos competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the bantamweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="19144439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144439" title="Battle of Changzhou">
Battle of Changzhou

Battle of Changzhou occurred during the Taiping Rebellion. It was won by the Qing Dynasty, who regained control over all of Jiangsu.

</doc>
<doc id="19144456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144456" title="Fink effect">
Fink effect

The Fink effect, also known as "diffusion anoxia", "diffusion hypoxia", 
or the "third gas effect", 
is a factor that influences the pO2 (partial pressure of oxygen) within the alveolus. When soluble gases (e.g. nitrous oxide, N2O) are breathed in large quantities they can be dissolved in body fluids rapidly. This can lead to a temporary increase in the concentration of oxygen and carbon dioxide in the alveolus, causing an increase in their respective partial pressures.
The effect is named for Bernard Raymond Fink (1914–2000), whose 1955 paper first explained it.
When a patient is recovering from N2O anaesthesia, large quantities of this gas cross from the blood into the alveolus (down its concentration gradient) and so for a short period of time, the O2 and CO2 in the alveolus are diluted by this gas. This could potentially cause the partial pressure of oxygen to decrease and could temporarily lead to hypoxia. The decrease in CO2 could also potentiate this effect as ventilation would be suppressed, leading to potential hypoxaemia. Nonetheless, this effect would only last a couple of minutes and hypoxia can be avoided by increasing the fractional inspired oxygen concentration when recovering from N2O anaesthesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19144460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144460" title="Ignace Brice">
Ignace Brice

Ignace Brice (2 April 1795 in Brussels – 10 August 1866 in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode) was a Belgian painter.
Family, marriage and issue.
His father Antoine and his paternal grandfather Pierre-François were both painters. Pierre-François was born in the French village of Saint-Venant, but left to settle in Brussels and become a painter at the court of Prince Charles-Alexandre of Lorraine.
In Brussels on 25 August 1825, Ignace married Hortense van Dievoet (1804-1854), great-great-niece of the Brussels sculptor Peter van Dievoet and of Philippe van Dievoet, known as Vandive, goldsmith to Louis XIV of France.
Life.
Ignace Brice at first studied under his father and at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts, where he was strongly influenced by Jacques-Louis David, then in exile in Brussels - Ignace became known as "le David bruxellois". He followed his father as a professor at the Academy, and exhibited in Brussels in 1815, 1824, 1827, 1830 and 1833. He also exhibited in Ghent, Antwerp and Amsterdam, and was one of the founders of the Société des Beaux-Arts de Bruxelles.
He was a genre painter and portraitist, and had a great talent for drawing. His style was sober and classical and, besides David's influence, he reminds the viewer of the Port-Royal painters of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19144496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144496" title="Venero Armanno">
Venero Armanno

Venero Armanno (born 19 August 1959) is an Australian novelist. He was born in Brisbane of Sicilian parents. He received a BA from the University of Queensland, and later an MA and PhD in Creative Writing from the Queensland University of Technology. Armanno completed fourteen unpublished manuscripts before being accepted for publication.
He is currently a Senior Lecturer in the School of English, Media Studies and Art History at the University of Queensland, where he received the 2004 award for excellence in teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="19144521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144521" title="Love (2008 Bengali film)">
Love (2008 Bengali film)

Love (2008) is a Bengali film by Indian director Riingo Banerjee, and based upon "Love Story" by Erich Segal.
Plot.
The film is about two young people in love, who battle the odds, live through the tough times with a smile and who take a vow to never part until death. Jisshu plays Rahul Ray, a rich Hindu boy and management student, who falls in love with Ria Fernandez, a poor Christian music student, played by Koel Mallick.

</doc>
<doc id="19144578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144578" title="Remya">
Remya

Remya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19144621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144621" title="Miklós Szilvási">
Miklós Szilvási

Miklós Szilvási (December 5, 1925 in Márianosztra - May 24, 1969 in Budapest) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Szilvási competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "welterweight" class. He received a silver medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19144624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144624" title="Hippomobile">
Hippomobile

The Hippomobile is an automobile invented by Étienne Lenoir in 1863 which carried its own internal combustion engine. It was based on his 1860 invention the Lenoir gas engine. Lenoir sold about 350 to 400 Hippomobiles.
History.
In 1863 the Hippomobile with a hydrogen gas-fuelled one cylinder internal combustion engine made a test drive from Paris to Joinville-le-Pont, covering about eleven miles in less than three hours.

</doc>
<doc id="19144679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144679" title="St. Giles Church, West Bridgford">
St. Giles Church, West Bridgford

St. Giles' Church, West Bridgford is an Anglican parish church in West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
St. Giles is a medieval church but little remains. It was restored by Thomas Chambers Hine in 1872 and again by Naylor and Sale between 1896 and 1911.
Features.
It retains a medieval screen from the late fourteenth century. There is some stained glass by James Powell and Sons.
Organ.
The large three manual organ by Charles Lloyd and Co from 1899 and 1919 which was rebuilt by Henry Willis & Sons in 1951 and 1971 was replaced by an electronic organ in 1993.
Organists.
M.C. Boyle 1957

</doc>
<doc id="19144688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144688" title="Porto Montenegro">
Porto Montenegro

Porto Montenegro is a luxury yacht marina and adjacent waterfront development under construction in Tivat, Montenegro. 
The construction site was a naval shipyard named "Arsenal", which fell into disuse after the breakup of Yugoslavia and the decline of the Yugoslav Navy. The attractive lot on which the shipyard is situated was put on public offering in 2006, and was bought by Canadian businessman Peter Munk. It was acknowledged in 2008 that he was not alone in the venture - while Munk owns 54% of the Porto Montenegro company, the rest is owned by Oleg Deripaska, Nathaniel Rothschild, Jacob Rothschild, Bernard Arnault, Sandor Demijan and Anthony Munk.
Munk announced that he intends to build a luxury yacht marina and a waterfront community, which would cater to needs of growing community of superyacht owners. The favourable position of Tivat in the secluded part of the Bay of Kotor, together with the proximity of Tivat Airport, makes it favourable location for a marina.
Porto Montenegro is the first comprehensive state-of-the-art deep water marina in the Adriatic Sea. It will eventually offer over 600 berths of all sizes - at least 130 reserved for yachts of over 30 metres - as part of a full-service community of luxury apartments, shops, restaurants and other sports and entertainment amenities. The marina will have berths for 650 yachts, 150 of them super yachts, up to 150m long.
Porto Montenegro is a phased development: there are now 185 marina berths, five mixed-use buildings containing 130 luxury residences, over 20 retail outlets, a full sports facility, yacht club, 64m infinity pool and lounge bar named the Lido Mar, a naval heritage museum, and a planned waterfront 5-star boutique hotel. Following phases are to be developed in line with demand.
Projects related to Porto Montenegro include an 18-hole golf course in the vicinity of Tivat Airport, and a possible acquisition of Bijela shipyard by Peter Munk, which should serve as a yacht maintenance facility.
Following an international architectural competition, ReardonSmith Architects [http://www.reardonsmith.com/projects/montenegro.html] was appointed to master plan and design the entirely new marina resort and residential community of Porto Montenegro. A key to their success in winning this extraordinary project was the team’s interpretation of the town planning and massing of several historic towns in the region. The proposal respected both the local architectural inheritance and the natural habitat while creating something genuinely new and avoiding pastiche. In master planning the resort, the practice took as its guiding influence the seminal work of American urban planner Kevin Lynch, who described the human need to balance clarity and surprise in the city environment.
Virtually all the existing structures will be demolished and their stone and brick crushed to form aggregate; timbers will also be re-used. New construction will predominantly be in local stone and render with roofing in terracotta and clay tiles.
The Marina.
Porto Montenegro opened with 85 berths in June 2009. It has completed a further extension to accommodate its waiting list and now features 185 berths, Port of Entry status, and duty and tax-free fuel. The capacity will increase year-by-year to a total of circa 600 berths ranging from 12 to 150 metres LOA. 
Porto Montenegro’s Yacht Assist provides a range of services to captains and crews, including:
• onsite customs and immigration
• duty and tax-free fuel
• single and 3-phase electricity
• wireless internet
• 24-hour security
• laundry facilities
• refuse/grey & black water disposal
• full provisioning
• sports club
• multi-lingual staff
Porto Montenegro is a 5 Gold Anchor marina with provisional Blue Flag status.
Yacht friendly regulations.
Montenegro’s simplified Law on Yachts is the Mediterranean Sea’s most yacht-friendly legislation. It allows charter yachts to take advantage of a user-friendly vignette system enabling multiple entries and frequent changes to the passenger and crew manifest. A low tax rate, reduced VAT on marine goods and tax and duty-free bunkering also serve to make Porto Montenegro a financially advantageous homeport and charter base.
Residences.
Already home to an international community, Porto Montenegro offers collection of waterfront and promenade homes. Designed by Tino Zervudachi of Milinaric, Henry & Zervudachi (MHZ), and with landscaping by Martin Lane Fox, previously Vice Chairman of the UK’s Royal Horticultural Society, the homes unite traditional architecture and contemporary lines with soft colours, stone and hardwoods. More recently the award winning landscape and urban designer, Ed Freeman FRSA, has played a key role by designing the Milena, Tara and Ksenija phases at Porto Montenegro whilst also designing the gardens at Regent Hotel Porto Montenegro.
Teuta.
Porto Montenegro’s introductory residential offering, Teuta, features 29 waterfront homes, all with sea and mountain views overlooking the harbour. Located at the foot of Jetty One, these residences sold out within a few weeks of their release in 2009. Named after the Illyrian queen who reigned from 231 BC – 227 BC, Teuta features Porto Montenegro’s first shops on the ground floor, including a restaurant, wine store, chandlery, furniture & home decoration store, bookstore, yacht broker and agent office, as well as Porto Montenegro’s own sales office.
Ozana.
Ozana is a waterfront apartment complex named after the 15th Century shepherdess venerated as a Saint. The 23 high-specification studios and 1-3 bedroom residences feature an elevated courtyard, a pool and a landscaped garden.
Zeta.
Zeta is situated on the pedestrian boulevard of Porto Montenegro Village. Residences enjoy garden terrace spaces and west-facing views to the waterfront. Zeta offers a range of 22 studios, as well as 1 and 2 bedroom residences. The building is equipped with a rooftop pool, while the ground floor features an array of shops, a spa, hair salon and bakery.
Milena.
A collection of nine homes, named after the Queen under whose rule Montenegro gained independence, the residences are located between the 10-acre Captain’s Park and the palm tree-lined village walkway. Milena offers studios, 1 to 3 bedroom residences and three duplexes. This building is distinguished by a cascading water feature.
Tara.
Located on Venice Square, Tara is named after Montenegro's Tara River Canyon, the second deepest canyon in the world after the Grand Canyon in the United States. Tara features studios, 1 to 4 bedroom apartments and duplex penthouses private rooftop pools. Tara offers views and direct access to Porto Montenegro’s marina on both sides.
Nautical Village.
Shops and Restaurants.
Each residential building complex contains shops and restaurants on its ground floor. From chandleries to fashion boutiques, waterfront cafés, bars and restaurants, the village is designed to appeal to a wide clientele all year round. Summer seasons will also feature a selection of international temporary or ‘pop-up’ shops such as swimwear brand Heidi Klein and London concept store Wolf & Badger.
Lido Mar Pool.
This 64m infinity edge pool and lounge bar cantilevered over the sea was designed by Richard Hywel Evans and features a 3m-high Jaume Plensa sculpture entitled ‘8 Possibilities’.
Regent Hotel.
Porto Montenegro plans a 5-star Regent Hotel with serviced apartments on the marina village waterfront to be opened by May 2014. It will provide hospitality and leisure facilities catering to the needs and expectations of an exclusive clientele.
Sports club.
The Porto Montenegro Sports Club has a fully equipped fitness centre, squash court, outdoor tennis courts, bowling, billiards, yoga, and table tennis. The tennis courts comply with ITF standards and lessons are available via reception.
Yacht club.
Porto Montenegro’s Yacht Club is the hub of all yachting activities in the marina, organizing regular competitions, races, regattas, special events and lessons. The ‘PMYC’ offers facilities such as meeting rooms, a lounge area and library, as well as access to the Sports Club, curry nights, movie nights, and other social events.
Naval Heritage Collection.
Reflecting the country’s rich naval history and maritime traditions, the Naval Heritage Collection showcases over 300 artifacts, from rare, fully restored, Yugoslavian submarines to the diaries of Princess Xenia. A rich selection of items is on show from the original Arsenal, established over one hundred years ago as an Austro-Hungarian, and subsequently, Yugoslav naval base.
Knightsbridge International School.
An international school has been established to support the educational and development needs of the growing community of expatriate residents of Porto Montenegro. In partnership with Knightsbridge Schools International, a leading London-based school group, children have access to an international education of the highest standard (International Baccalaureate) within the Porto Montenegro facility. It is the first boarding school in Montenegro.
Heidi Klein.
The heidi klein cabana offers a diverse range of stylish yet practical swimwear, clothing and accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="19144707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144707" title="Ian Rankin (footballer)">
Ian Rankin (footballer)

Ian Rankin (born 5 September 1979 in Bellshill, Scotland) is a semi-professional footballer currently player/manager of Newmains United in the Scottish Junior Football Central Division Two.
On 24 June 2010, Rankin left Newmains United to become the new manager of Blantyre Victoria after Willie Harvey resigned to take over at Rutherglen Glencairn.
On 28 October 2011, Rankin rejoined Newmains United to beome the new manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19144715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144715" title="Bones and Silence">
Bones and Silence

Bones and Silence is a crime novel by Reginald Hill, the eleventh novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series. The novel received the Gold Dagger Award in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19144718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144718" title="Krakės">
Krakės

Krakės is a small town in Kėdainiai district, central Lithuania. It is located on the Smilgaitis River. In the town there is a Catholic church, convent, secondary school and post office.

</doc>
<doc id="19144726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144726" title="Egypt at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Egypt at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Egypt sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. Approximately 38 Egyptian athletes were expected to take part.
Among Egypt's representatives included Fatma Omar in powerlifting; Mohammed Beshta, Mahmoud El-Attar, Hossam Abdel Kader and Mohammed El-Sayed Abdel Kader in track and field; and Fayza Hafez in table tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="19144738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144738" title="Swedish popular music">
Swedish popular music

Sweden has had a long history of music. Many Swedish artists have enjoyed success on the British and American charts and in other English speaking countries.
1970s: ABBA.
In April 1974, Blue Swede went to number one on the Billboard Hot 100 with the B. J. Thomas cover "Hooked on a Feeling". The band was renamed Blue Swede for the US.
Also in April 1974, ABBA won the Eurovision Song Contest in Brighton, England, with "Waterloo". It was a big success throughout Europe, and reached number six on the Billboard Hot 100. 
Over the next few years ABBA had 18 consecutive top ten hits in the UK, nine of them reaching number one. Having sold an estimated 370 million units worldwide, ABBA became the best-selling band of the 1970s. In 1977, "Dancing Queen" became ABBA's only number one hit on the Billboard Hot 100. ABBA and Led Zeppelin are the only acts to have had 8 consecutive UK #1 albums.
Shortly after the release of "Super Trouper", Benny Andersson and Anni-Frid Lyngstad of ABBA decided to end their marriage, just as Björn Ulvaeus and Agnetha Fältskog had done two years prior. This event did not stop the foursome from working together. Their eighth album "The Visitors" was released in November 1981. Feeling that the energy was running out of the group, they decided to take a break in 1982; the band members have not reunited since. 
Fältskog and Lyngstad then both pursued solo careers. In 1982, Lyngstad released her first solo album in English, "Something's Going On", produced by Phil Collins. Lyngstad's secong album "Shine" failed to reach the commercial success of the first solo record after the break-up. After ABBA Agnetha Fältskog recorded 5 succesful English albums and 2 Swedish ones, one of them with Christmas songs. Agnetha's latest album in 2013 named "A" has been one of her most successful, earning her Gold Records in UK, Australia, Germany and Sweden. 
Andersson and Ulvaeus collaborated with Tim Rice on the musical Chess which premiered in London in 1986. Two songs from the musical were hugely successful singles: "One Night in Bangkok" reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100, and "I Know Him So Well" topped the UK singles chart in February 1985.
1980s: Europe, Roxette.
In 1986, a hard rock band from Upplands Väsby, Europe, hit number one in 26 countries (including the UK) with the song "The Final Countdown". The album of the same name also charted around the world and sold more than 6 million copies worldwide, 3 million copies in the United States alone. The single has sold 8 million copies. The following year included successful tours through Europe, Japan and the US. Their next album was "Out of This World" which produced "Superstitious" as its biggest hit. This album sold about 4 million copies worldwide. These two multi-platinum albums placed Europe as one of the most successful hardrock bands in the world with album sales of more than 20 million records. After the release of "Prisoners in Paradise", which sold only 1 million copies, Europe decided to take a break in 1992. They reformed in 2003 and produced 4 albums so far. They continue to record and tour.
Marie Fredriksson and Per Gessle formed the band Roxette in 1986. Four of their songs, "The Look", "Listen To Your Heart" (both 1989), "It Must Have Been Love" (1990) and "Joyride" (1991), reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100, while two further singles, "Dangerous" (1990) and "Fading Like a Flower" (1991), both peaked at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Roxette's "Join The Joyride World Tour 91-92" attracted 1.7 million people around the world. In 1993, they became the first non-English speaking band ever to play at MTV Unplugged. In 1995, they became the first Western band to be allowed to perform in China since Wham! in 1985.
In 2003, the duo was honoured with achievement medals by Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf "for appreciated achievements in Sweden and internationally". To date their best selling albums are "Joyride" (11 million) and "Look Sharp!" (9 million). Overall, the duo has sold more than 45 million albums and 25 million singles worldwide.
1990s: Ace of Base, The Cardigans.
The 1990s brought a new wave of international success for Swedish pop productions. Swedish pop was represented abroad by the likes of Ace of Base and The Cardigans. 
There are a number of popular music artists from Sweden from different genres who gained a name in the international music scene in the 1990s: Dr. Alban, Leila K, Army of Lovers, Yaki-Da, Stakka Bo, Rednex, Robyn, Eagle Eye Cherry, Emilia, Teddybears and Meja.
Dance music.
Ace of Base had the world's biggest-selling debut album with 23 million in sales for "Happy Nation"
. They achieved major success in the 1990s with popular songs such as "All That She Wants" (1993), "The Sign", "Don't Turn Around" (both 1994) and "Cruel Summer" (1998). All four songs reached the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100; "The Sign" spent six weeks at number one.
In the early 1990s the Swedish dance scene was very vivid. Denniz Pop was Sweden's most wanted producer of that time . In 1990 he produced Dr. Alban's first record "Hello Africa" together with Leila K. The song became a hit in mainland Europe peaking at #5 in Germany.
In 1992 Denniz Pop produced the second album by Dr. Alban, "One Love" which includes the worldwide hits "It's My Life" and "Sing Hallelujah". 
. That same year Leila K released her hit single "Open Sesame" (UK #23, Germany #5). This was followed in 1993 by a cover version of Plastic Bertrand's "Ça Plane Pour Moi" (Germany #13).
1994 saw the release of Dr. Alban's third album "Look Who's Talking"; the title track was a big hit throughout Europe (Germany #3).
Rednex had several hit songs mixing country music and eurodance. The song "Cotton Eye Joe" was an international hit in 1994 reaching number one in the UK. The ballad "Wish You Were Here" was released in 1995.
The Hellacopters, a garage rock band that was formed by Nicke Andersson, was also formed in 1995.
Swedish pop music.
In 1996 The Cardigans released their third album, "First Band on the Moon". The song "Lovefool" was included on the soundtrack of William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet by director Baz Luhrmann. It found international success peaking at #2 on the UK Singles Chart. The following album, Gran Turismo (1998), was more electronic in style and contained the hit singles "My Favourite Game" and "Erase/Rewind".
"You and Me Song", by Swedish group The Wannadies, was a huge radio hit in the UK and Ireland in the mid-1990s. This song also ended up featuring on the "Romeo + Juliet" soundtrack.
Robyn was 17 years old when her pop singles "Show Me Love" and "Do You Know (What It Takes)" were released in 1997. Both singles were Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100.
In 1998 Meja's second album "Seven Sisters" was released. It contained the radio hit "All Bout The Money", which was peaked at #12 in the UK. In 1999 she recorded the duet "Private Emotion" with Ricky Martin, which reached #9 on the UK singles chart.
Eagle-Eye Cherry released his debut album "Desireless" in 1998. Propelled by the hit single '"'Save Tonight" (UK #5, US #6), the album sold over 4 million copies worldwide.
Emilia Rydberg is well known for her 1998-1999 international hit "Big Big World". The song peaked at #5 in the UK.
Andreas Johnson had a UK #4 hit in 2000 with "Glorious".
Swedish songwriters/producers Denniz Pop and Max Martin have written worldwide hits for pop artists like Britney Spears, Backstreet Boys and later Celine Dion, Kelly Clarkson, Katy Perry, P!nk, Avril Lavigne, Leona Lewis and Jessie J.
2000s: A*Teens, Alcazar, September.
With "Crying at the Discoteque" the band Alcazar achieved success across Europe in 2000. It peaked at #3 in Germany and #13 in the UK. The following singles failed to reach this success.
A*Teens were formed in 1998 as an ABBA tribute band. Their 1999 debut album "The ABBA Generation" consisted purely of ABBA covers and was a great success around the world. The album sold 3 million copies worldwide. The singles "Mamma Mia" (UK #12) and "Dancing Queen" (UK #21) topped the charts in Sweden. Their second album "Teen Spirit" (2001) contained new songs and was certified Gold in the United States. "Upside Down" from that album became their biggest hit. After two records which were less successful internationally, the band split up in 2004.
Bubbles was a Swedish girl group, also known as Bless. The group's original lineup consisted of lead singer Mari Caroline Ljungström (born 26 June 1987), twin sisters Patricia and Sandra Joxelius (born 7 April 1987), Jenny (Yenny) Andersén (born 10 October 1988), and Hannah Steffenburg (born 14 April 1988).
2003 kicked off with thunder and lightning when Bubbles made their really big media breakthrough by making it to the Eurovision Song Contest final of Sweden with the hit single "T.K.O. (Knock You Out)". Covers, centerfolds and headlines in the papers and in TV everyday for several weeks made them well known to all nine million Swedes despite age and interest, for sure.
For the first time since their debut single, focus was now on Sweden only during spring and summer. The largest Bubbles tour ever began on 18 May and ended on 30 September, making more than 120,000 fans and families happy in 35 concerts all over the country.
Another band which had success overseas were Play. Their biggest hit, "Us Against The World", sold over 500,000 copies. The song also featured in movies like The Master of Disguise and Holiday in the Sun, not forgetting the Lizzie McGuire series.
The electronic dance project Antiloop also reached international success; the song "In My Mind" was featured on the FIFA 2003 soundtrack.
The Swedish/Moroccan songwriter/producer RedOne made during the late 2000s had huge success worldwide working alongside Lady Gaga, and later other American stars. He has been nominated eight times but also won two Grammy Awards.
Indie pop and rock.
In the 2000s some indie bands from Sweden found their way to the international music scene.
Singer Nina Persson from The Cardigans launched a solo project in 2001 under the name A Camp. The lead single "I Can Buy You" was a minor hit in the UK peaking at #46. In 2003, The Cardigans returned with their album "Long Gone Before Daylight", a quieter, more ambient collection of songs. In Sweden it was certified 2x Platinum and the band won two Swedish Grammy Awards.
José González is a Swedish indie folk singer-songwriter of Argentine descent. His cover of "Heartbeats", originally by his fellow Swedes The Knife, was a hit on the UK singles chart where it peaked at #9 in 2003.
The Tallest Man on Earth is the stage name of Swedish folk singer songwriter Kristian Matsson.
Indie band The Concretes first appeared in the UK Singles Chart in 2004 with "You Can't Hurry Love" (#55) and "Seem Fine" (#52). Lead singer Victoria Bergsman left the group in 2006 and, with Peter, Bjorn and John, recorded the single "Young Folks" the same year. This reached #35 on the UK singles chart, and was re-issued the following year, this time peaking at #13.
Other notable artists include Air France, bob hund, ceo, Dungen, Eskobar, Fever Ray, First Aid Kit, The Hives, Jens Lekman, Kent, The Knife, Komeda, Life on Earth, Little Dragon, Lykke Li, The Radio Dept., Shout Out Louds, The Soundtrack of Our Lives, The Sounds, The Tough Alliance, The Field, and Avner.
New successful artists.
In 2004, Swedish DJ and producer Eric Prydz topped the UK charts for five weeks with "Call on Me", while its 2007 follow up "Proper Education" was a #2 success. In 2008 Prydz had a hit with "Pjanoo", which also reached #2 in the UK (on download sales alone).
Robyn reappeared in 2007, after an absence of 10 years from the international music scene, with her #1 hit in the UK "With Every Heartbeat". The self-titled album was certified Gold in the UK and Platinum in Sweden.
The following singles reached the charts as well: "Handle Me" (UK #17), "Be Mine" (UK #10) and "Who's That Girl" (UK #26). "Dream On", the follow-up with Christian Falk, was originally released in 2006 on his album "People Say". It was re-released in the UK in November 2008 peaking at #21. Robyn also collaborated with Norwegian duo Röyksopp for the single "The Girl and the Robot" in June 2009.
Crashdiet are an all Swedish rock/glam metal band starting out in the early 2000s. They released Rest in Sleaze in 2006 which debuted at number 12 in Sweden. Following the death of frontman and singer Dave Lepard the band released two more albums, reaching number three with "Generation Wild" (2010). Crashdiet are still currently a world touring band.
Basshunter is a Swedish DJ. "Boten Anna" is a song with Swedish lyrics that had some success in continental Europe in 2006. In 2007 it reached number one in the UK with lyrics performed in English under the title "Now You're Gone". In 2008 the second single "All I Ever Wanted" peaked at number two in the UK.
September is a Swedish dance-singer whose song "Cry For You" reached number five in the UK in 2008.
Mando Diao is a garage rock band from Borlänge. They were very successful in Europe in 2009 with their song "Dance With Somebody" from the album Give Me Fire. It reached number three in Germany and was a major hit in Europe peaking at number 8 on the Billboard Eurochart Hot 100 Singles.
Another competitor in Swedish Idol 2005 was pop singer Ola Svensson. Although not known in the UK, he is known throughout Sweden as 'A Swedish Success Story'. Ola came eighth on Idol and has gone on to produce three studio albums. He is a Double Platinum Artist with songs such as "Natalie" and "Feelgood". In 2009 he received a Rockbjörnen award, the most prestigious music award in Sweden. Four of Ola's singles have reached number one in Sweden, and all of his own singles charted within the top 5.
2010s: Swedish House Mafia, Avicii, Loreen, Icona Pop.
The 2010s started off with the releases and success of Agnes and Robyn. Agnes, the runner up of Sweden's Idol 2005, succeeded in Europe and especially the UK market in 2009/2010 with the single "Release Me", which entered the charts at number three and sold over 300,000 copies. It peaked at #6 on the Billboard Eurochart Hot 100 Singles. Carlsson was also signed to Universal Music/Interscope in the US, and started the promotion for the forthcoming album "Dance Love Pop" during the summer 2010. Robyn returned with her Body Talk series.
2010 also saw the rising success of the Swedish House Mafia, a collaboration between the Swedish DJs and producers Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso. Another DJ, Avicii got a smash-hit with "Seek Bromance", and was ranked as sixth on the Top 100 DJs list. Both Swedish House Mafia and Avicii went on to achieve further chart success in numerous countries.
In 2011 the Swedish indie-artist Lykke Li released her second album Wounded Rhymes, and continued her success from her earlier Youth Novels with singles like "Get Some" and "I Follow Rivers", which topped the charts in Belgium and Romania.
Stockholm based electro-pop group Niki & the Dove emerged in 2010, coming fifth on the BBC Sound of...2012 list. They released their first album, "Instinct", to great critical acclaim that year.
In 2012, Swedish Eurovision Song Contest 2012 winner Loreen charted at number one in several countries across Europe, making her one of the most successful winners of the contest in recent years.
In 2013, Swedish duo Icona Pop reached the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number-one on the UK Singles Chart with their song "I Love It". The song was certified gold in the United Kingdom and 2x platinum in the United States, selling 400,000 and 2,025,000 copies, respectively.
Swedish heavy metal scene.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s Sweden became one of the major pioneering countries behind death metal. From Swedish death metal emerged the subgenre melodic death metal which sometimes referred to as Gothenburg metal because of the city in Sweden where it became popular. Famous bands include among others Meshuggah, At the Gates, In Flames, Dark Tranquillity, Entombed, Dismember, Opeth, Amon Amarth, Arch Enemy and more. Swedish Bathory is regarded as a pioneer of both black metal and Viking metal and had a huge influence on the Norwegian Black Metal scene.
Notable musicians and acts of Swedish origin.
Yngwie Malmsteen was musically trained in his native Sweden, though his professional career started in the US.
Janne Schaffer initiated his career in various Swedish acts in the late 1960s, and soon became a much in-demand session-man, playing lead guitar for ABBA both in the studio a well as live. He also keeps up a successful solo career, merging jazz and folk influences into his playing.
Per-Olov Kindgren is a classical guitar teacher and performer known for his transcriptions of popular contemporary music.
Charts and sales.
Top 5 biggest selling Swedish acts.
The sales figures are estimated and count together album and single sales.
Album sales by country.
This tables shows the album sales by country. The worldwide album sales are estimated while the album sales for UK, US and Germany are counted by the gold and platinum certifications for the albums in that country. For Germany, the old certifications were used for albums released before September 1999 with Gold (250,000) and Platinum (500,000).
Biggest hit singles.
The following songs achieved the highest aggregated positions in the charts in their respective years. The following list shows the Swedish hits that ended up in the top 5 end of year charts worldwide.
US and UK number one singles.
This is a list of songs which reached the top of the UK singles chart or the Billboard Hot 100, as well as other notable hits.

</doc>
<doc id="19144739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144739" title="Ferenc Kocsis">
Ferenc Kocsis

Ferenc Kocsis (born July 8, 1953 in Budapest) is a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Kocsis competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "welterweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19144747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144747" title="Louis Compain">
Louis Compain

Louis Compain (14 April 1733, Toury – after 1790), also known as Compain-Despierrières, was a French actor and singer. He is notable as the co-director of the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels from 1772 to 1776, where he had made his debut in 1757. He also acted at Marseille (1759), Bordeaux (1760), La Haye (1768), Metz (1778), Toulouse (1779), Nîmes (1786) and Nantes (1790).

</doc>
<doc id="19144773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144773" title="Grocon">
Grocon

Grocon Pty Ltd, or more commonly Grocon, is Australia's largest privately owned development, construction and funds management company. With its head office located in Melbourne, Victoria, the company also has offices in Sydney, Brisbane, New York City, and Dubai. Over the past twenty years, Grocon has delivered four of Australia's five tallest buildings. Three generations of the Grollo family have been involved in managing the company.
History.
Grocon grew from a small family concreting business established in Victoria, by Luigi Grollo after he emigrated from Treviso in Italy in 1938. His sons Rino & Bruno Grollo joined the business at the age of 15. The business expanded rapidly in the 1950s by concreting municipal swimming pools and petrol stations in Melbourne. In the 1970s it moved into concrete construction, such as shopping centres and highrise buildings, and they started developing the projects themselves. In 1975 they moved to Darwin for 18 months after winning a large contract for rebuilding after Cyclone Tracy. Daniel Grollo, a son of Bruno, was appointed Chief Executive Officer in 1999. Daniel Grollo has since been appointed Chairman of the Green Building Council of Australia. and the Prime Minister's Business Advisory Council.
In 2000, the construction business was split between a construction-centric business owned by Bruno and Daniel Grollo and a property development operation owned by Rino Grollo. In March 2012 the construction business was split again into a construction business, owned by Daniel Grollo, which is the current Grocon, and a property development business owned by his older siblings Adam and Leeanna.
On 24 February 2014, Deputy Chief Executive Officer Carolyn Viney succeeded Daniel Grollo as Chief Executive Officer of Grocon. Daniel assumed the role of Executive Chairman whilst retaining full oversight and ownership of the business.
UBS Grocon Real Estate.
In December 2013, Grocon launched a five-year, $10 billion joint venture with Swiss investment bank UBS. The joint venture has created UBS Grocon Real Estate, a full-service real estate and asset management platform which has first right of refusal for Grocon's 2 billion development pipeline. The venture is chaired by John A. Fraser, Chairman and CEO Global Asset Management at UBS AG and Daniel Grollo will act as a Non-Executive Director.
Awards and accolades.
As a company, Grocon has been the recipient of numerous awards. In 2010, Grocon was named the Forest Stewardship Council Developer of the Year. and Grocon was also the National Master Builders Association Builder of the Year in 2011. Grocon received two The National Association of Women in Construction awards in 2013 for both outstanding and young achievement. In 2011, Grocon was the recipient of the ANZ–BRW "Excellence in Community Practices" prize. In the realm of safety, Grocon won the 2008 Safe Work Australia "Best workplace health and safety management system" award and received the WorkSafe Victoria "OHS Management System of the Year" prize.
Community initiatives.
Grocon is involved in a number of community initiatives. In the aftermath of the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires, Grocon was involved in the cleanup and rebuilding efforts in affected areas including Kinglake. Moreover, Grocon has a community employment programme run in conjunction with the Brotherhood of St Laurence. Grocon is also involved with The Salvation Army, supports Kids Under Cover and collaborated with Mission Australia on the Camperdown Common Ground Project in Sydney. Grocon also funded ten annual scholarships at Thornbury High School. Grocon's CEO, Daniel Grollo is Chair of the Green Building Council of Australia, a peak industry association in the sustainability field.
Industrial disputes.
Since 2002, Grocon has been involved in conflict the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union (CFMEU) over the CFMEU's rights at Grocon developments including occupational health and safety management, union access and the wearing of union badges. This culminated in the CFMEU's picketing of at least one entrance to the Emporium development which resulted in an impassable physical barrier, preventing access to the site through that entrance for Grocon workers. Grocon subsequently launched a 10.5 million compensation claim in the Supreme Court of Victoria for the blockade. It is also seeking contempt orders against the union for allegedly breaching two Supreme Court injunctions that ordered an end to the blockade. Justice Cavanough held that free access to the site for Grocon workers was prevented by the CFMEU as access could only be obtained through 'elaborate' police assistance. The Fair Work Building and Construction (the relevant regulatory body) has subsequently also launched legal proceedings against the CFMEU.
Swanston Street wall incident.
On 28 March 2013, during 'freak' winds, a brick wall on the boundary of a Grocon development collapsed killing three people. The wall's safety, the role of the billboards Grocon had attached to the structure and the self-supporting nature of the structure designed by the previous owner were initially questioned as possible causes. The billboard extended one metre above the wall and was suggested to have acted as a sail. There was early speculation as to the role of the advertising hoarding and whether a permit had been granted or whether a permit was needed. There were also questions surrounding the role of tree roots in destabilising the wall. The Victorian Government called for an end to the hostilities with the CFMEU over the wall incident and supported Grocon's stance.
Completed projects.
Grocon has delivered key delivered four of Australia's five tallest buildings, primarily in Melbourne, Sydney and South-east Queensland. Since, Grocon has increased operations broad in India and the United Arab Emirates.
Melbourne.
In Melbourne, Grocon's completed developments include:
New South Wales.
In New South Wales, Grocon has developed:
Queensland.
Grocon has been involved in three Queensland building projects:
Northern Territory.
In Darwin, Grocon is best known for what are locally known as 'Grollo houses'; ground level and split level homes recognisable by the small protrusion on the roof which held the water heater. These houses were built in the aftermath of Cyclone Tracy as an effective means of providing housing for Darwin's population.
International.
Internationally, Grocon's developments include:
Ongoing projects.
Grocon has a 2 billion development pipeline in Australia and abroad.
Australia.
Grocon's current projects in Australia include:
International.
Internationally, Grocon is currently involved in developing:

</doc>
<doc id="19144814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144814" title="Sophie Lothaire">
Sophie Lothaire

Marguerite-Louise Odiot de Montroty, stage name Sophie Lothaire (born in 1732 in Paris) was a French dancer, actress and director who spent her whole career at the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels.
She began as a figurative dancer, from 1753 to 1772, under the name of Mlle Sophie, before becoming an actress until 1775. In 1762, Chevrier wrote that "she plays all sorts of roles indifferent well - she shares, by economy, the reading of sieur Duranci".
In 1766, the comic-actors clubbed together to head the Théâtre de Bruxelles. This association was made up of D'Hannetaire and his two daughters Eugénie and Angélique, Mlle Rosalide, Compain, Prévost, Le Petit, Dubois, Durancy, D'Rozely, Serville, Grégoire, Mme Granier, Mme De Foye (Suzette Defoye) and Sophie Lothaire.
From 1777 to 1783, Sophie Lothaire shared the direction of the theatre with Louis-Jean Pin and Alexandre Bultos. When this arrangement hit financial difficulties, she returned to France, to Versailles, where she tried to recoup the sums still owed to her.

</doc>
<doc id="19144819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144819" title="Christ Church, Chilwell">
Christ Church, Chilwell

Christ Church, Chilwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Chilwell, Nottinghamshire.
History.
Originally a mission church created from the parish of St. Mary's Church, Attenborough, Christ Church was built between 1901 and 1903. The chancel was added in 1957 by the architect Eric Vernon Royle.
It has a daughter church of St. Barnabas Church, Inham Nook.
Organ.
The organ was built by Nigel Church in 1984 with modern mechanical action.

</doc>
<doc id="19144830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144830" title="Asher Ohana">
Asher Ohana

Asher Ohana (, born 1945) is an Israeli civil servant who served as Minister of Religious Affairs between 2001 and 2003.
Born in Morocco in 1945, Ohana joined Shas in 1992, and served on Beit Shemesh's local council. Between 1997 and 1998 he was director general of the Ministry of Religious Affairs, and in 1999 became Shas' secretary general.
When Shas joined Ariel Sharon's national unity government in 2001, Ohana was appointed Minister of Religious Affairs, despite not being a member of the Knesset. He remained in the post until the formation of a new government following the 2003 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19144834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144834" title="Csaba Hegedűs">
Csaba Hegedűs

Csaba Hegedűs (born 6 September 1948) is a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Hegedűs competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "middleweight" class.
He was named Hungarian Sportsman of the year in 1971 after his gold medal at the World Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19144849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144849" title="Alma Gol Lake">
Alma Gol Lake

Alma Gol Lake (), also called Lake Ulmagol, is a freshwater lake in Golestān Province, Iran near the Turkmenistan border.
The lake is located north of Gonbad-e Qabus. The population of catfish ("Silurus glanis") in the lake has drastically decreased because of increasing population growth among the villagers. The biggest catfish caught in the lake was reported to be around .
Alma Gol is a winter habitat for migratory birds. In 1975, the Alma Gol Lake and nearby Ala Gol and Aji Gol Lakes were designated as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="19144852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144852" title="1980 South American Championships – Singles">
1980 South American Championships – Singles

Guillermo Vilas was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
José Luis Clerc won in the final 6–7, 2–6, 7–5, 6–0, 6–3 against Rolf Gehring.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19144855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144855" title="Louis-Jean Pin">
Louis-Jean Pin

Louis-Jean Pin (born 1734, date of death unknown) was a French comic-actor and theatre director. He was born in Paris.
Life.
He headed the Montpellier company during the 1757-1758 season, then made his début at the Comédie-Française on 5 December 1765. Effectively combining the professions of actor and rich businessman, he spent some years at the Théâtre-Français before leaving it in December 1771. Touring the provinces, he came to the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels in 1773, before playing at Valenciennes the following year. He returned to Brussels to deal with costumes and finance during the 1774-1775 season, and co-directed the Théâtre de la Monnaie with Alexandre Bultos and Sophie Lothaire from 1777 to 1783. He afterwards returned to Paris to devote himself to business and seems to have abandoned the stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19144867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144867" title="The Peak Apartments">
The Peak Apartments

The Peak is a residential skyscraper in Sydney, Australia. Located at 2 Quay Street, Haymarket, the Peak is 166m in height and consists of 46 levels. It was built over the heritage, fully operational Paddy's Markets (maintaining the historical facade), creating many complex structural challenges. The Peak Apartments includes a multilevel retail complex called Market City, which includes cinemas, a carpark and Paddy's Market.
The Peak was developed by Grocon and completed in 1996. The architect is Crone & Associates. Facilities include a 25 metre swimming pool, a gym, a sauna, two tennis courts, a golf practice area, barbecue and a running track, all on the 6th floor.
Notable Residents.
Notable residents include:
Adam Davis Royal Humane Society of NSW Bronze Medal Winner for saving 5 people from a burning building and ironman athlete.

</doc>
<doc id="19144868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144868" title="Pultenaea scabra">
Pultenaea scabra

Pultenaea scabra (Rough Bush-pea) is a shrub which is endemic to Australia . It is a member of the family Fabaceae and of the genus "Pultenaea".
The species is an erect or spreading shrub that can grow up to 3 metre in height. The leaves have a rough surface and recurved edges. They are variable in shape and their length ranges from 3 to 16 mm in length and 2 to 13 mm in width.
The flowers, which appear in spring, are yellow with a red centre. The pods which follow are hairy with half their length concealed by the calyx 
The species was first formally described by botanist Robert Brown in 1811 in "Hortus Kewensis".
It occurs in South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19144878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144878" title="St. Barnabas Church, Inham Nook">
St. Barnabas Church, Inham Nook

St. Barnabas, Inham Nook is a parish church in the Church of England in Chilwell, Nottinghamshire. 
History.
St Barnabas, Inham Nook, stands at the top of Inham Road, at the western end of the parish of Chilwell. It was opened in 1957 as a daughter church of Christ Church, Chilwell, to serve a new housing estate, Inham Nook, built after the Second World War II.
The building on the site today was originally intended as a church hall, with a large open space left adjoining Inham Road for the church.
It became clear that funding would not be available for a new church, and at various times in the past fifty years the building has been modified to provide suitable church and community facilities. A major extension completed in 1999 has converted the building into a main hallway, used as a church and, during the week, community area (with shutters to close off the sanctuary), and rooms, a kitchen and modern toilet facilities to provide space for additional church and community activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19144880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144880" title="Saltwater (Julian Lennon song)">
Saltwater (Julian Lennon song)

"Saltwater" is a 1991 song performed by English singer, songwriter, and musician Julian Lennon. It was written by Mark Spiro, Leslie Spiro and Julian Lennon. Originally released on the album "Help Yourself", it topped the Australian singles charts for four weeks and reached number 6 in the UK. It also hit number 98 on the Canada RPM Top 100 Singles chart.
Unlike most of Lennon's previous songs, "Saltwater" combines subtle melodies with gentle vocals to bring forward the issues of environmental conservation and world poverty. The lyrics juxtapose the many marvels and feats of human civilization with the death of the natural world, constantly emphasising the passing of time - 'Time is not a friend, 'cos friends we're out of time'
The recording features a lead guitar solo in the style of George Harrison. Julian Lennon originally wrote a guitar solo for the song. At the suggestion of his producer Bob Ezrin, he then contacted George Harrison to play the solo instead. George was busy at the time consoling Eric Clapton whose son had recently died. He recorded a couple of riffs and sent them back to Julian. Guitar player Steve Hunter then played the actual solo on the song, combining elements of both Lennon's and Harrison's solos. In the liner notes for the "Help Yourself" album George Harrison is given special thanks.
An instrumental version (Guitar Duet) of this song was recorded by Chet Atkins and Tommy Emmanuel on their album "The Day Finger Pickers Took Over the World".
The song can be heard in its entirety during the 1991 Christmas Day special of Only Fools and Horses, Miami Twice.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad from ABBA performed the song at the open-air gala concert "Artister for Miljo", and included her cover as a B-side on her single "Änglamark".

</doc>
<doc id="19144884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144884" title="Herman Bultos">
Herman Bultos

Herman Bultos (19 August 1752 in Brussels – 30 June 1801 in Hamburg-Billwerder) was an 18th-century Belgian wine merchant and theatre director.
Life.
The younger brother of the actor Alexandre Bultos, Herman became co-head of Brussels' Théâtre de la Monnaie in 1783, with Alexandre for 4 years, then alone from 1787 to 1791, then with Jean-Pierre-Paul Adam from 1791 to 1793 and again in 1794.
Leaving Brussels during the troubles of the 1787-90 Brabant Revolution, Bultos arrived in Hamburg with several actors from the Théâtre de la Monnaie. There they founded a francophone theatre which lasted until 1798. Bultos was then taken on at the court of prince Henry of Prussia at Rheinsberg, but only acted there for 2 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19144895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144895" title="Péter Farkas">
Péter Farkas

Péter Farkas (born August 14, 1968) is a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Farkas competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "middleweight" class.
Criminal conviction.
On December 10, 2009 he was convicted "in absentia" to seven years imprisonment for growing marijuana. He was thought to be hiding in Thailand on counterfeit documents. He was arrested on December 26 in Andorra.

</doc>
<doc id="19144906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144906" title="Egypt at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Egypt at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Egypt sent a delegation to compete at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. Egyptian athletes won six gold medals, eleven silver and eleven bronze, enabling their country to finish 23rd out of 123 on the medal table.
Athletics.
Egypt won three gold medals, six silver and seven bronze in athletics. Among the medallists were:
Powerlifting.
Egypt won three gold medals, five silver and four bronze, dropping from first place in Atlanta to third in Sydney, behind China and Nigeria. Among the medallists were:

</doc>
<doc id="19144941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144941" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 5000 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 5000 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 5000 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 44 participating athletes, with two qualifying heats and the final held on Friday 27 August 1999 at 21:15h.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19144944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144944" title="Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2008">
Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2008

The Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2008 aired on 20 September 2008 on Nickelodeon. It was the UK's second Kids' Choice Awards. The ceremony was presented by Australian singer and X Factor judge Dannii Minogue.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for the UK is very similar to the Australian and American versions. Children who vote on the [http://www.nick.co.uk|Nickelodeon] website have chances to get tickets to see the live ceremony in London.
Host Minogue even got gunged at the ceremony and, although warned, she was shocked, but played along as being unimpressed before dancing as the show closed and the audience also got gunged.

</doc>
<doc id="19144978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144978" title="Diego Buñuel">
Diego Buñuel

Diego Buñuel is a French-American film-maker born in 1975 and the host and director of the National Geographic Channel series, "Don't Tell My Mother". He is also the host of a television news show in France called "Les Nouveaux Explorateurs", broadcast on Canal Plus.
Biography.
He is the grandson of Spanish film director Luis Buñuel. Diego received his bachelor's degree from Northwestern University, majoring in journalism, minoring in politics, and then interned for various newspapers such as the "Times Picayune" in New Orleans, the "San Francisco Examiner", the "Saint Louis Post Dispatch", the "Miami Herald" and the "Chicago Tribune" before going to work for the "Sun Sentinel" as lead crime reporter.
In 2000, he did his French military service in Bosnia and was stationed in Sarajevo—which led him to a specialization in war reporting.
Back in France, he started working for the press agency CAPA as a war correspondent. He covered 9/11, the 2001 US intervention in Afghanistan, was embedded with the US Marine Corps in 2003 for a month as his unit traveled from Kuwait to Baghdad. After that he went on to follow the Second Congo War, the 2004 tsunami in Banda Aceh, Indonesia, Yasser Arafat's funeral in Ramallah and did a special report on the rise of evangelical Christians in "George Bush's America", among some 50 other news stories.
In 2006 he shot the first episode of the series "Don't Tell My Mother", co-produced by Canal+ and the National Geographic Channel, where he offers a new look on rarely traveled areas affected by conflicts and wars such as Afghanistan, India, Colombia, North Korea, Congo, Venezuela, Israel, Iran, Iraq, The Balkans (Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo) and Pakistan.
In 2008 Buñuel created his own production studio named Buñuel Production and produced season 2, 3 (Johannesburg-Lagos, Delhi-Dhaka, Beirut- Le Caire, Mexico-São Paulo, Tokyo-Manila) and 4 (Russia, Indonesia, Somalia, Kazakhstan and USA) of his show. He is now producer and director at Explorer, a company created in conjunction with CAPA. After spending four years travelling to 25 countries, trekking through war zones, and mixing it up in the world’s mega-cities, Diego Buñuel is now journeying to the far reaches of the planet to discover its forbidden zones. The first episode "Siachen: the battleground on the roof of the world" was completed by the end of 2011. In 2013 he traveled Allahabad to shoot a documentary titled "Inside the Maha Kumbh" will feature Bunuel`s experience of living with the Naga sadhus and learning about the intricacies of the rituals held there. It will be broadcast in 68 countries on National Geographic Channel in March 2013. Its reach will be widened as it will be dubbed in 26 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19144998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19144998" title="Egypt at the Paralympics">
Egypt at the Paralympics

Egypt has been participating in the Paralympic Games since 1976, and has participated in every edition of the Summer Games since then. Egyptian athletes have won a total of 128 Paralympic medals, of which 41 gold, 39 silver and 48 bronze. Egypt has been particularly strong in athletics and powerlifting.

</doc>
<doc id="19145005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145005" title="Jean-Pierre-Paul Adam">
Jean-Pierre-Paul Adam

Jean-Pierre-Paul Adam was a late 18th and early 19th century French actor.
Born in Rouen, he arrived in Ghent in 1782 and there played tragic and comic leads in Casimir's company, before becoming co-director of the company with Casimir and Dorgeville in 1784. The following year and several other actors in Ghent were taken on in Brussels, where he and Herman Bultos headed the Théâtre de la Monnaie from 1791 to 1793, with Adam all the while continuing to play lead rôles. During the troubles that followed the Brabant Revolution (1787–90), Adam and his wife took refuge in La Haye, where they (like Herman Bultos) took ship for Hamburg. Adam later returned to France, acting at Paris's Théâtre de la Gaîté in 1810 and the Ambigu-Comique (1811–16).

</doc>
<doc id="19145006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145006" title="László Fassang">
László Fassang

László Fassang (born December 12, 1973, Budapest) Hungarian organist, pianist and improviser.
Biography.
Fassang was born into a family immersed in music. He started his organ studies at the age of 13 with István Baróti and graduated from the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in 1998, where he had studied organ with Ferenc Gergely and István Ruppert, and piano with Ilona Prunyi. The same year he enrolled in the organ class of Olivier Latry and Michel Bouvard at the Conservatoire de Paris. In 1999 Fassang got also accepted to the improvised music department where he studied under Loic Mallié, Philippe Lefebvre, Thierry Escaich and Jean-François Zygel.
As part of his studies he spent a sabbatical year in Japan, where he became the resident organist of the Sapporo Concert Hall. During that time, he performed several concerts in Japan, and recorded his first organ CD on the Kern organ at Sapporo Concert Hall that included music of Bach and Liszt as well as his own improvisations. Since 2002 he has performed concerts in France, Hungary, Germany, Holland, Switzerland, Canada, Japan and in the USA.
In 2003 and 2004 Fassang graduated from the organ class and from the improvisation class of the Conservatoire of Paris with excellent results (first prize with honours). From 2004 to 2008 he taught improvisation at the Musikene (Higher Academy of Music of the Basque Country) in San Sebastián. After 6 years abroad, he decided to return to his native country, and settle down there. Since September 2008, he is assistant professor at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest. He was responsible for supervising the construction of the organ of the Béla Bartók National Concert Hall and was appointed artistic consultant of the organ concerts of the Palace of Arts in Budapest in 2006. His improvisational style demonstrates the versatility of the organ through the incorporation of jazz and folk music influences. He continues to play classical works, but he also performs concerts with French saxophonist Vincent Lê-Quang, with Hungarian musician Balázs Dongó Szokolay (flutes, saxophone, bagpipe), Hungarian guitarist Gabor Gado, and Hungarian folksinger, Beata Palya.

</doc>
<doc id="19145013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145013" title="Zee Bangla">
Zee Bangla

Zee Bangla is a Bengali language cable television channel in India. It is offered by Zee Network, part of the Essel Group.
The channel was first launched in the year 1996, but was taken off air within two months. It was relaunched as Alpha Bangla in the year 1999. In 2005, Zee TV went for a major brand revamp. It unveiled a new logo on 27 March 2005 at the Zee Cine Awards and thereafter Alpha Bangla became Zee Bangla.

</doc>
<doc id="19145021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145021" title="István Kozma (wrestler)">
István Kozma (wrestler)

István Kozma (November 27, 1939 - April 9, 1970 in Budapest) is a Hungarian wrestler, Olympic champion and world champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Kozma competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "heavyweight" class.
He won the gold medal also at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
He was nicknamed "Pici" (tiny), as opposed to his stature but in recognition of his modest and friendly nature. He died in a car accident.
World championships.
He is three times world champion, winning gold medals at the FILA Wrestling World Championships in 1962, 1966 and 1967.
Awards.
Kozma was selected Hungarian Sportsman of the Year 1967 for winning his third title at the World Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19145062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145062" title="National Center for Children in Poverty">
National Center for Children in Poverty

National Center for Children in Poverty (NCCP) is an American non-partisan research center that promotes the interests of children in low-income families. The center was established at Columbia University in 1989 and is a part of the Mailman School of Public Health. NCCP conducts research in areas relevant to family well-being and publishes over 30 documents a year, ranging from fact sheets to full reports. It also provides access to information on its website, including statistical information for each state. Among the tools at its website are the "Family Resource Simulator" and "Research Connections." The former graphically demonstrates the impact on individual families of public policies and which has been utilized by governmental agencies in several states, among them Connecticut, New York City and Alabama in discussing and crafting public policy. The latter provides a compendium of sources related to child well-being collected from more than 200 journals and websites.
At its inception, NCCP was supported by private philanthropies but today is primarily funded by foundation grants and federal funding. One of NCCP's funder is the Birth to Five Policy Alliance

</doc>
<doc id="19145081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145081" title="Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed (bookshop)">
Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed (bookshop)

Dark They Were, and Golden Eyed was a science fiction bookshop and comic book retailer in London during the 1970s; the largest of its kind in Europe. Specialising in science fiction, occultism, and Atlantis, the central-London shop also played a key role in bringing American underground comics to the United Kingdom. It also sold American editions of mainstream science fiction books that were not easily obtained anywhere else.
The shop was named after a short story by Ray Bradbury.
History.
The shop was started by Derek "Bram'" Stokes, who previously ran the "Gothique" fanzine but had left to start a science fiction mail order book service. Diane Lister (later Diane Stokes) joined Stokes in 1969. The shop was managed by fantasy author Stan Nicholls, who had worked with Stokes on "Gothique". The shop was originally located in Bedfordbury before moving to 10 Berwick Street in Soho.
Nick Landau, later to be founder of Forbidden Planet and Titan Entertainment Group, was also a customer, and produced a fanzine on the shop's hand-cranked duplicator. Stokes and Landau were important forces behind the annual British Comic Art Convention, which ran, mostly in London, from 1968–1981. Stokes was the main organizer of the 1969 and 1971 editions of the so-called "UK Comicon."
The shop was also the semi-official correspondence address for the magazine "Fortean Times" from 1978-1981, and the magazine's team met every Tuesday afternoon in a room above the shop. (The shop was advertised in #28 of "Fortean Times"; the advert was drawn by Bryan Talbot who went on to draw for "2000 AD".)
Comics artist Brian Bolland drew some of the earliest pieces of advertising artwork for Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed, which ran in various fanzines, convention programmes, and magazines such as "Time Out", and were commissioned by future-Titan Distribution and Forbidden Planet co-founder Mike Lake, who was "working there at the time" c. 1978. Illustrator and author James Cawthorn also produced adverts were for "Dark They Were and Golden Eyed" in 1977; they appeared in "Time Out" and other magazines. His illustrations were also featured on paper carrier bags used by the shop. (Cawthorn's graphic novels were published by David Britton's Savoy Press in Manchester.) Later adverts were created by Rod Vass, who designed and illustrated posters and carrier bags for the shop.
The shop later moved to a much larger ground floor and basement premises in St Anne's Court off Wardour Street in Soho. It closed in 1981.
Legacy.
Paul Hudson, later of the London comic shop Comic Showcase, was employed in Dark They Were, and Golden Eyed. Illustrator and designer Floyd Hughes worked at the shop in the late 1970s. The shop was a key influence on three bookshops in Manchester run by David Britton and Mike Butterworth: House on the Borderland, Orbit in Shudehill, and Bookchain in Peter Street.
In popular culture.
Notable customers of the shop included Alan Moore; the second issue of Moore and Kevin O'Neill's "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen", volume 3 ("Century: 1969") features an homage to Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed: a comics/science fiction/Forteana store named after another Bradbury short story "There Will Come Soft Rains."

</doc>
<doc id="19145136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145136" title="List of directors of the Théâtre de la Monnaie">
List of directors of the Théâtre de la Monnaie

This page is a list of directors and ballet masters of the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="19145160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145160" title="Shehla Raza">
Shehla Raza

Syeda Shehla Raza (born 15 May 1964 in Karachi) is a Pakistan People's Party politician, currently deputy speaker in the Sindh Assembly.
Raza completed her undergraduate and graduate education in Physiology at the University of Karachi. The University was also the beginning of her political career, as she joined the People's Student Federation, a student wing of the Pakistan People's Party, in 1986. This took place during the period of military rule, when political activities were banned. Just three years later, Raza was elected as the Joint Secretary of the People's Student Federation.
She was married in 1991. In 1992, her daughter was born while son was born in 1994. Both of them died in a traffic accident in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19145190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145190" title="Yitzhak Rafael">
Yitzhak Rafael

Yitzhak Rafael (, 5 July 1914 – 3 August 1999) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Religions in the mid-1970s.
Biography.
Rafael was born in Sasiv in Galicia in 1914 at a time when the town was part of Austria-Hungary (now Ukraine), and attended high school in Poland. During his youth he was a member of the Torah and Work youth movement, and founded a local branch of the Bnei Akiva youth movement.
He made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1935 and worked as a teacher in Jerusalem. He attended the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, gaining an MA in Humanities. He went on to study at the New York Theological Seminary, where he was awarded a doctorate in literature.
He worked for the Jewish Agency and was director of the department of Craftsman and Small Business. Between 1940 and 1947, he edited a small journal. He was a member of the Hagana and represented Hapoel HaMizrachi in the Assembly of Representatives in 1944. During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, he was a member of the Jerusalem Emergency Committee. Between 1948 and 1953, he was a member of the Jewish Agency's board, and headed its aliyah department, where he was responsible for the large influx of Jewish refugees (numbering over 685,000 between 1948 and 1951), rejecting calls to put a limit on numbers.
In 1951, he was elected to the Knesset on the Hapoel HaMizrachi list. He was re-elected in 1955, 1959 (by which time Hapoel HaMizrachi had merged into the National Religious Party) and 1961. In November 1961 he was appointed Deputy Minister of Health, serving until David Ben-Gurion resigned as Prime Minister in June 1963. He was re-appointed to the post in July 1963, serving until March 1965.
He was re-elected in 1965 and 1969, and following Haim-Moshe Shapira's death in July 1970, became the leader of the NRP. He was re-elected again in 1973, and was appointed Minister of Religions by Golda Meir in March 1974. However, when Yitzhak Rabin formed a new government in June 1974 following Meir's resignation, the NRP were not included in the coalition and Rafael left the cabinet. When the party joined the coalition in October that year, Rafael was re-appointed Minister of Religions, serving until all NRP ministers were sacked in December 1976 for abstaining in a motion of no confidence vote. In the same year he lost the party leadership when Zevulun Hammer and Yosef Burg combined forces to oust him. He lost his seat in the 1977 elections and retired from politics.
Awards.
In 1979, Rafael was the co-recipient (with Yehuda Ratzaby) of the Bialik Prize for Jewish thought.

</doc>
<doc id="19145195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145195" title="CMS Kanpur Road Branch">
CMS Kanpur Road Branch

City Montessori School,Kanpur Road Branch is a private school that offers education up to the level of graduation, in Lucknow, India. It is a co-educational, English Medium institution affiliated to ICSE Board, New Delhi. The streams offered are Science, Commerce and Arts. The school has been ranked 6th in the "most respected secondary schools" in India list compiled by IMRB in 2007
Organization.
CMS Kanpur Road comprises four sections:
The Pre-Primary Section.
CMS has adopted the Montessori method of preschool education. The Pre-Primary section admits boys and girls between the ages of 2 and 5 as follows:
The Primary Section.
The Primary Section consist of Grades I-V.
The Junior Section.
The Junior Section consists of Grades VI-VIII.
The Senior Section.
The Senior Section consists of Grades IX-XII
The Degree Section.
The Degree section offers Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) and Bachelor of Science (B.S.) courses, for girls only. As of 2012 the Degree Section for girls no longer exists.
Infrastructure.
CMS Kanpur Road Branch consists of two four-storied buildings, with a computer and television in each. All the class rooms are connected through a Wi-Fi system. The school has computer rooms, libraries, Physics, Chemistry, Biology and Bio-Technology labs; a play ground, a swimming pool and a basketball court. The branch has an auditorium named World Unity and Convention Center which has a seating capacity of almost 4000 people.
Practices.
Morning prayer assembly.
Students participate in morning assembly, lasting about half an hour and consisting of the recital of devotional songs and prayers. A group of students conducts the assembly and presents virtue-talks and inspiring speeches and stories.
Class presentations.
Class presentations showcase individual talent. Each child takes part in a 2-2½ hour long ensemble of dances, songs, cultural presentations, skits, debates, etc.
Spoken English.
CMS Kanpur Road is an English Medium School and thus spoken English is stressed.
Enrichment classes.
With the aim of adapting the curriculum to individual needs the school runs enrichment classes. These are held after school hours and consist of small groups where discussion, problem-solving, reinforcement of learning and close teacher student interaction takes place.
Student Council.
To develop leadership qualities and a sense of responsibility in children the school has a head boy/head girl, captains, vice captains and prefects who are responsible for discipline, neatness, and organization of functions.
Extracurricular activities.
Students participate in National and International competitions including International Robotics Olympiads, International Quality Circle Conventions, International Astronomy Olympiads, Environmental workshops, International Science festivals like Quanta, Macfair, Cofas, Celesta, SAARC Youth Festival, World Peace Festival, Children’s International Summer Village (CISV) Camps, International School to School Exchange (ISSE) programmes, National Mathematics Olympiads, National Talent Search Examination and National Choral Singing Competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19145263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145263" title="Martin of Pattishall">
Martin of Pattishall

Martin of Pattishall (died 14 November 1229) was an English judge.
He took his name from the village of Pattishall in Northamptonshire and was the clerk of Simon of Pattishall, although they were apparently unrelated. By 1201 he was already respected enough to be collecting the Plea rolls from the clerks of other judges on Eyre. After the end of the First Barons' War Pattishall became the leader of Henry III's professional legal servants, and was instrumental in reestablishing the courts. Between 1217 and 1218 he was a justice on Eyre in Yorkshire and Northumberland, in 1220-1221 in Hertfordshire and at the Tower of London, in March and April 1226 again at the Tower of London; from September 1226 to February 1227 in Lincolnshire, Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Westmorland; and between September 1227 and October 1228 in Kent, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk, and Suffolk. One of his clerks wrote that: 
In 1217 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, a position his former master Simon de Pattishall had held and indeed one that his own clerk, William de Raley, later held. Under Pattishall's leadership the Court of Common Pleas began to take shape under the rules of Chapter 17 of Magna Carta; that is that common pleas should be heard in "some fixed place". Previously the Court had been held "coram rege", that is, in the presence of the king, meaning that court could not be held while the King was separate from the Chief Justice. Pattishall was rewarded with the Deanery of Wimborne in Dorset, the Archdeaconry of Norfolk and the Deanery of St Paul's. He retired from the bench in 1229 and succumbed to a stroke that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19145271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145271" title="Ansan Police FC">
Ansan Police FC

Korean Police Football Club, commonly known as "Police FC," is a South Korean football club. Police FC's players comprise Korean professional footballers who are serving their two-year military duty.
Police FC have played in the K League Challenge since 2013 and, starting from the 2014 season, play their home games in Ansan.
History.
Originally founded as National Police Department FC in 1961, the club changed its name to Seoul Police Department FC in 1962 then back to its original name in 1967. During its history it won a number of competitions such as the Korean President's Cup National Football Tournament and the Korea Semi-Professional Football League in the 1960s before it was dissolved in November 1967. The club was reinstated in 1996, and it partly consisted of players serving their compulsory two-year military duty, similar to the other military club Sangju Sangmu Phoenix.

</doc>
<doc id="19145276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145276" title="Sarah Northey">
Sarah Northey

Sarah Northey was a silver medalist in the ladies synchronized swimming event at the 1990 Commonwealth Games. Born in Taunton, Somerset, she later moved to Reading.Shara is the youngest of three daughters by Colin and Jackie Northey.

</doc>
<doc id="19145294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145294" title="Joseph Dupont (violinist)">
Joseph Dupont (violinist)

Henri-Joseph Dupont (13 January 1838 – 21 December 1899) was a Belgian violinist, leader, theatre director (manager) and conductor.
Life.
Dupont was born in Ensival, Verviers. He studied the violin at the Liège and Brussels conservatoires and won a Belgian Prix de Rome for composition in 1863. After a four-year study trip around Europe, he was made leader of the Warsaw Opera House in 1867 and of the Imperial Theatre of Moscow in 1871.
He returned to Brussels in 1872 and settled there as professor of harmony at the Conservatoire and leader of the orchestra at the Théâtre de la Monnaie. He also co-directed La Monnaie from 1886 to 1889 with Alexandre Lapissida, conducting performances starting from 1872/73 season, as well as often conducting the orchestra at London's Royal Opera House. A few month before his death in Brussels, he was made a member of the Académie royale de Belgique.

</doc>
<doc id="19145299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145299" title="Tee (symbol)">
Tee (symbol)

The tee (⊤), also called down tack (as opposed to the up tack) or verum is a symbol used to represent:
Encoding.
In Unicode, the tee character is encoded as . The symbol is encoded in LaTeX as codice_1.

</doc>
<doc id="19145329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145329" title="Alicia Erian">
Alicia Erian

Alicia Erian is an American novelist.
Biography.
Alicia Erian was born 1967 in Syracuse, New York to an Egyptian father and American mother of Polish descent. She received a B.A. in English from SUNY Binghamton and a M.F.A. in writing from Vermont College. A writer of short stories, some of her work has appeared in "Zoetrope" and the "Iowa Review". She has published one collection of short stories and one novel. Erian lived in Brooklyn, New York, for a time with ex-husband David Franklin, but now lives in Massachusetts, where she taught creative writing at Wellesley College (2004–2008). She has worked as a film director and screenwriter, and has also attracted interest from Julia Roberts' production company, American Girl Films, as well as Francis Ford Coppola.
Works.
Erian's first published work was a collection of short stories titled, "The Brutal Language of Love", published in 2001. Each story features a female protagonist. "The Brutal Language of Love" tells heartbreaking tales of love and sex, and dilemmas caused by the intertwining of the two.
Alicia Erian's 2005 novel, "Towelhead" is a coming of age story about a thirteen-year-old girl named Jasira, who is sent from her Euro-American mother's home in Syracuse, New York to live with her Lebanese father in Houston, Texas. "Towelhead" has been adapted into a film written and directed by Alan Ball, starring Summer Bishil, Aaron Eckhart, Toni Collette, Maria Bello, and Peter Macdissi.
In 2008, Alicia Erian wrote the screenplay for the short film "Hammer and Anvil", which was developed at the Sundance Institute's 2008 January Screenwriters Lab. "Hammer and Anvil" is directed by Michael Greif.

</doc>
<doc id="19145336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145336" title="Maquis Vallier">
Maquis Vallier

The Maquis Vallier was one of the maquis groups of resistance fighters during World War II. The maquis operated in the north of the Var département, particularly in the Verdon valley.
The maquis Vallier was initially part of the "Mouvements Unis de la Résistance" (MUR) organization, before becoming the primary structure of the "Armée secrète" (AS) in its zone. In 1944, it was under the authority of the "comité départemental de libération".
The maquis Vallier was led by Louis Picoche. Like many maquis in that region, the maquis Vallier did not participate directly in the liberation of its sector, but joined the Moors and the coast in August 1944 to support the Provence landings.

</doc>
<doc id="19145344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145344" title="Ensival">
Ensival

Ensival (in Walloon " Enzivå") is a section of the Belgian town of Verviers situated in Wallonia, in the province of Liège. Before the merging of the Belgian communes in 1977, it was a commune of its own.

</doc>
<doc id="19145359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145359" title="Joseph Churchward">
Joseph Churchward

Joseph Churchward (20 August 1932 – 26 April 2013) was a Samoan New Zealander, graphic designer and typesetter. He is famous for having designed fonts now used around the world. His designs were also used in the masthead of the newspaper "The Evening Post". He handcrafted an estimated 690 original typefaces.
Churchward was born in Apia, Samoa. He moved to New Zealand in 1946 to study at Miramar South School in Wellington. In 1948, he obtained an Art Distinction Award in Lettering from Wellington Technical College and began a career as a commercial artist.
He founded Churchward International Typefaces in 1969. German company Berthold Fototypes subsequently distributed his fonts throughout the world. Over the span of his career, Churchward created more than 582 original typefaces. In 2008, a special exhibition was set up for his art at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
Churchward was of Samoan, English, Scottish, Tongan and Chinese heritage.
He was awarded the Queen's Service Medal in the 2010 Queen's Birthday Honours, for services to typography.
One of his typefaces, Churchward Design is used in the opening and closing titles of the French movie "Le Magnifique".
He died on 26 April 2013 in Wellington from bowel cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19145367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145367" title="Aiga">
Aiga

Aiga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19145427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145427" title="St. Margaret's Church, Aspley">
St. Margaret's Church, Aspley

St. Margaret's Church, Aspley is a parish church in the Church of England in Aspley, Nottingham. 
History.
St. Margaret's was built in 1936 by E. H. Heazell.
Organ.
The pipe organ was installed by Rushworth and Dreaper in 1936.
External links.
http://stmargaretsaspley.co.uk/

</doc>
<doc id="19145444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145444" title="Celtic Women International">
Celtic Women International

Celtic Women International (CWI) is an American nonprofit organization, dedicated to "honor, celebrate and promote Celtic women and their heritage."
The CWI has the only tartan registered by the "Scottish Tartans Authority" to a women's group. The tartan was designed and woven by Marjorie Warren, and includes a color from the flag of each one of the seven Celtic Nations.
History.
The CWI was founded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on June 30, 1997 by Jean Bills. Ms Bills received financial assistance from the Shamrock Club of Wisconsin, of which Jean was treasurer at the time. In October 1998, was held the first international conference, attended by representatives of all seven Celtic nations (including the Galicia). By 2001, the meeting was held in Milwaukee. In 2002 took place in New Orleans, Louisiana and in 2003 in Toronto, Canada.
Since 2004, the board of CWI has ceased to hold international meetings on account of high costs. Instead of them, preferred directing its focus to the creation of local branches of the organization. Local branches are located in Chicago, Illinois, Sheboygan Co., Wisconsin, and Cincinnati, Ohio, along with a book club in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Celtic Women International Award.
In 2003, a "Celtic Women International Award" was granted to the writer Margaret Bennett for "lifelong service to Scottish and Celtic Culture" at the annual conference in Toronto, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19145450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145450" title="Royal Conservatory of Liège">
Royal Conservatory of Liège

The Royal Conservatoire of Liège (RCL) (Dutch Koninklijk Conservatorium Luik, French Conservatoire royal de Liège) is one of four conservatories in the French Community of Belgium that offers higher education courses in music and theatre. Located at 29 Piercot Forgeur in the city of Liège, the school's principal building was built in 1887 using a neoclassical design by architects Louis Boonen and Laurent Demany. Inside the building is a large concert hall, the Salle philharmonique de Liège, which has recently been entirely renovated. The hall is the major performance venue for the Orchestre Philharmonique de Liège.
The RCL was founded in 1826 by William I of the Netherlands. Joseph Daussoigne-Méhul served as the school's first director from 1827-1862. Jean-Théodore Radoux was director of the conservatory from 1872-1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19145458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145458" title="7th Tony Awards">
7th Tony Awards

The 7th Annual Tony Awards, presented by the American Theatre Wing, took place at the Waldorf-Astoria Starlight Ballroom, on March 29, 1953. The Antoinette Perry Awards for Excellence in Theatre, more commonly known as the Tony Awards, recognize achievement in Broadway theatre. The event was broadcast on radio by the National Broadcasting Company. The presenter was Faye Emerson. Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Award winners.
Source:Infoplease

</doc>
<doc id="19145493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145493" title="Crane Theological School">
Crane Theological School

The Crane Theological School was a Universalist seminary at Tufts University founded in 1869 as the Tufts College Divinity School and closed in 1968. It was one of three Universalist seminaries founded in America during the nineteenth century. (The others were the Theological School of St. Lawrence University and the Ryder Divinity School at Lombard College.) During its history, it granted 281 Bachelor of Divinity degrees (some in Religious education), 152 bachelor of sacred theology degrees, and two masters of religious education for a total of 435 degrees.
The name changed on multiple occasions. It was founded as "Tufts College Divinity School", then renamed to "Crane Theological School" in 1906 upon Albert Crane's gift of $100,000 in 1906 in honor of his father Thomas Crane. In 1925 the school became officially the "Tufts College School of Religion - Crane Theological School," after extensive discussions, including a conference with the widow of Albert Crane. By the 1960s, the name had shortened again to "Crane Theological School" by the 1960s. The Crane Building on the Tufts campus still carries the name.
It was one of the Associated Schools of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences from 1903-1962 and 1965-1968. The school was never officially denominationally controlled, nor was it accredited by the American Association of Theological Schools.
History.
Founding – World War I.
Universalist layman and major Tufts supporter Silvanus Packard founded the school with a bequest in 1869.
The divinity school was initially housed in Ballou Hall, in a room on the second floor. With the construction of West Hall in 1872, divinity students were offered accommodation there. 1891 saw the building of separate quarters for the school with the construction of Miner and Paige halls. Miner Hall was built to provide classroom and office space for the school while Paige Hall served as a dormitory and chapel.
Miner Hall was constructed in 1891 to serve as headquarters for the School of Theology. It was named for Alonzo A. Miner, second president of Tufts College and the major donor to the project ($40,000).
Paige Hall was built in 1892 to serve as a dormitory for Theological School Students. Named for Lucius R. Paige, Universalist minister and trustee 1859–1896.
In 1902, a combined 5-year AB/STB began to be offered.
Between 1910 and 1915, both Miner and Paige halls were taken over by the newly established Jackson College for Women, until women were integrated into the rest of Tufts in 1915 and the facilities were turned back over to the Crane School.
WWI.
During World War I, the school's buildings were taken for use as barracks and training facilities and Dean McCollester held classes for the handful of students enrolled in his living room for the duration of hostilities.
In 1929 the Crane chapel was built as an addition to the Crane building (the two-level Fischer arcade connecting it to Miner was also built at this time). The architects were George, Lloyd and Ruffing. Designed as an adaptation of a chapel in Oxford, England, the oak paneling was brought from Warwick Forest in England.
Postwar.
By 1945 and Skinner's retirement, the school had almost no endowment, only one full-time and one half-time faculty member and a number of part-time teachers who taught one course per year. In 1949, dean Ratcliff was able to add only one more full-time faculty member. After the 1951 destruction by fire of Fisher Hall, the main building of the Universalist St. Lawrence Theological School, Ratcliff favored merging the two schools. St. Lawrence voted instead to rebuild Fisher Hall. When Tufts in 1952 initiated a major fund raising drive to celebrate its second century, it completely ignored the needs of the School of Religion. The School, therefore, launched its own $250,000 fund drive. Universalist donors were unable to meet this goal.
Ratcliff and Tufts president Leonard Carmichael disagreed over fundamental policy. Carmichael felt that the School of Religion should be a professional graduate school, admitting only students with an undergraduate degree. Ratcliff favored continuing to allow undergraduates to work for a combined A.B. and S.T.B. degree and admitting students who wished to pursue religious studies, regardless of their academic background or professional potential. In the end Carmichael's vision prevailed and Ratcliff started the process to convert the Tufts School of Religion into a fully academic graduate school. He did not live to oversee this transformation. After a brief illness he died at the age of sixty.
In 1962, Crane disassociated itself from the faculty of arts and sciences to report directly to the trustees. The intention was to become a fully independent graduate school. Resources were inadequate for even a quasi-independent existence, and in 1965 the faculties were recombined. The plan was for an undergraduate degree to be a requirement for admission and for the combined AB/STB program to be phased out.
Closing.
In 1953, when Dean Ratcliff died unexpectedly, Eugene Ashton, a congregational minister and assistant chaplain of Tufts, was appointed to replace him until a successor could be found. Shortly before his successor's appointment in 1954, Ashton released a report on the school, arguing that it was "not in a particularly healthy state". He observed that of 151 men enrolled between 1947 and 1952, 80 were non-graduates; of the 33 women who attended during the same period, 14 were non-graduates.
The AUA Board of Trustees in 1959 appointed a commission to study theological education in anticipation of merger with the Universalists. In 1962 the report advocated the merger of St. Lawrence and Crane, and a 1964 GA resolution was discussed advocating a merger with Star King or Meadville. Neither attempt was successful. The lack of funds to continue operation was the main reason for closing Crane. The school had run in deficit for a number of years—in 1964 half of the $90,000 Crane budget had to be paid out of Tufts general operating fund.
The decision to close the school was reached by the trustees in June 1967, to take place the following year. A number of factors contributed to the decision. The committee that recommended closure gave financial reasons as the primary reason for closure—they estimated $250K per year would have been required to operate the school, and had no way to pay for it, as the Tufts operating deficit in 1967 was more than $500K. However, the trustees' June 1967 recommendation for closure cited that the school had not "maintained its place of considerable distinction in theological education."
Tufts President Hallowell was given authority by State court to disposition school funds, and created the Crane Program fund amounting to $213K in 1972 to support the Religion department, the Chaplaincy, and scholarships for Tufts students pursuing liberal ministry and social welfare work. The Crane Library Collection was transferred to Harvard Divinity School in 1975.
Deans.
All of Crane's deans were Universalist clergy.
Enrollment.
Over the course of its ninety-nine year history, the Crane Theological School granted a total of 485 degrees.
In the period between 1947 and 1952, 151 men were enrolled, on 71 of whom completed a degree. Similarly, 33 women were enrolled on 19 of whom completed a degree.

</doc>
<doc id="19145500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145500" title="2002 ABC Under-18 Championship">
2002 ABC Under-18 Championship

The FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship 2002 is the 17th edition of the International Basketball Federation FIBA Asia's youth championship for basketball. The games were held at Kuwait City from December 16–26, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19145519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145519" title="Gandalf (American band)">
Gandalf (American band)

Gandalf were an influential late 1960s psychedelic rock group.
They were an American band originally called the Rahgoos and formed by Peter Sando, Frank Hubach, Bob Muller and Davy Bauer.
They signed a record deal with Capitol Records in 1967 who made them rename the band Gandalf. 
They recorded their first and only LP the same year. The record includes covers of Tim Hardin, Eden Ahbez and Bonner & Gordon (the writers of "Happy Together") and two songs composed by the band's guitarist Peter Sando. 
But Capitol spurned them and only released the LP in 1969 with the wrong record inside the sleeve. The copies were recalled and damaged the band's career. Capitol didn't promote the record which made the sales worse.
Over the years the album's reputation grew and it was re-released by Sundazed records in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19145553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145553" title="Kumanovska Reka">
Kumanovska Reka

The Kumanovska Reka (, "Kumanovo River") is a small river situated in the north - east part of the Republic of Macedonia. 
It flows mainly through the city of Kumanovo. Its spring is located on the Mountain Skopska Crna Gora. The Kumanovska Reka river is a right tributary of river Pčinja.

</doc>
<doc id="19145560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145560" title="Justin Thomas">
Justin Thomas

Justin Joseph Thomas (born January 18, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization. He has pitched in MLB for the Seattle Mariners (2008), Pittsburgh Pirates (2010), Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees (2012). Thomas stands at 6'3" and weighs 215 pounds. He throws and bats left-handed.
Amateur career.
High school.
Thomas attended Clay High School and Cardinal Stritch High School in Oregon, Ohio and was a four-year letterman for the varsity baseball team and set the school record for most home runs and tied the school record for most home runs in a season. Thomas was named to the USSSA World Series first-team all-tournament team and was a two-time first-team All-GLL selection. He was also named first-team all-district and was an honorable mention selection as a pitcher and helped lead Clay to a league championship. He was named team MVP and received the James F. O’Brian Award for Best Male Student Athlete. In addition to being a four-year letterman in baseball, he lettered in golf and was a three-year letter winner in basketball.
College.
Upon graduation, Thomas attended Youngstown State University from 2002 to 2005. The lefty starter helped the Penguins capture a Horizon League Title in the 2004, pitching the team into the finals and making their first ever appearance in the College World Series. In 2005 he was named First Team All-League and Horizon Pitcher of the Year boasting a 7-5 record with a 3.42 ERA and four complete games. He left Youngstown State ranked second in strikeouts with 250 and is the only pitcher in school history to pitch back-to-back seasons of at least seven wins.
Professional career.
Seattle Mariners.
Thomas was drafted by the Seattle Mariners as the 113th overall pick of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft. After signing with Seattle in June of that year, Thomas made his professional debut for the Everett AquaSox of the short-season A affiliated Northwest League.
In , Thomas led all Mariners farmhands with 14 wins, finished second with 162 strikeouts and sixth with a 3.73 ERA. He was named the California League "Pitcher of the Week" in August and MiLB.com's "Class-A Advanced Playoff Performer of the Year".
In , Thomas was promoted to Double-A West Tenn Diamond Jaxx, but began the season on the disabled list with a strained left elbow. Upon being activated from the DL, Thomas struggled with control problems, posting a 4-9 record with a 5.51 ERA and a career high 61 walks.
In , Thomas as he reduced his ERA with Double-A West Tenn to 4.32 and increased his strikeouts to walks ratio from 100 strikeouts/61 base on balls in '07 to 106 strikeouts/56 base on balls in '08. He was placed on the disabled list once again with a left hand laceration but came back to work out of the bullpen. Thomas received a mid-season call up to Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers posting a career low 3.71 ERA.
On September 1, 2008 the Seattle Mariners purchased Thomas' contract from Triple-A Tacoma. Thomas made his major league debut that day, taking on the Texas Rangers. In one inning of work, he gave up no runs, no hits, no walks, and struck out Marlon Byrd to end the game. Thomas pitched the rest of September with the Mariners, posting an 0-1 record and a 6.75 ERA.
In , Thomas was re-signed by the Seattle Mariners to a one-year contract and was placed on the 40-man roster.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On October 29, Thomas was claimed off waivers by the Pittsburgh Pirates.
In November, Thomas was designated for assignment. He cleared waivers and was out righted to Triple-A.
On June 24, 2010, he was purchased from Triple-A to replace Dana Eveland, who was designated for assignment.
On September 11, 2010, he gave up a walk off home run to Joey Votto of the Cincinnati Reds.
Thomas signed a minor league contract with an invitation to 2011 spring training with the Pirates.
Boston Red Sox.
The Boston Red Sox signed Thomas to a minor league contract on November 22, 2011. On April 4, 2012, the Red Sox selected Thomas' contract, adding him to their major league roster for their regular season opener against the Detroit Tigers the following day. Thomas was optioned April 27 to make room for Rich Hill, who recovered from Tommy John surgery.
New York Yankees.
On May 12, 2012, Thomas was claimed off waivers by the New York Yankees. On September 1, 2012 Thomas was called up from Triple-A when the major league rosters expanded. Thomas was designated for assignment on September 25, 2012.
Oakland Athletics.
On November 21, 2012, Thomas signed a minor league deal with the Oakland Athletics that included an invitation to spring training.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On January 5, 2014, Thomas signed a minor league deal with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.

</doc>
<doc id="19145561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145561" title="St. Catharine's Church, Nottingham">
St. Catharine's Church, Nottingham

St. Catharine's Church, Nottingham, was a parish church in the Church of England in Nottingham.
History.
St Catharine's was built in 1896 by Robert C. Clarke. It was situated on the St Ann's Well Road.
The ecclesiastical parish was formed in 1884 out of the parishes of St Mary, St Mark, St Luke and St Paul. 
The church was consecrated in November 1896. It was built, in the Early English style, of Bulwell stone with Bath stone dressings, and consisted of chancel, nave, south chapel and a bell turret. The living was a vicarage in the gift of the Bishop of Southwell.
St Catharine's was declared redundant in 1980 but united with St. Mary's Church, Nottingham, and services continued until 2003. The church was then sold by the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham. Christ-Citadel International Church acquired the building in 2007.
Organ.
The first organ was destroyed in a fire in 1946. A new organ was acquired from Tockington Manor in 1948 and was installed by Roger Yates. This organ was sold to St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Shelford in 2003, when the church closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19145571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145571" title="Joël Kitenge">
Joël Kitenge

Joël Ngoy Kitenge (born 12 November 1987) is a Luxembourgian international footballer who plays for CS Fola Esch, as a striker.
Career.
Club career.
Kitenge has played club football in Luxembourg, France, Germany and the Netherlands for CS Oberkorn, FC Villefranche, FC Emmendingen, FC Lienden and CS Fola Esch.
International career.
Kitenge made his international debut for Luxembourg in 2005, and has appeared for them in FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19145572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145572" title="KBEZ">
KBEZ

KBEZ (92.9 FM, "92.9 Bob FM") is an Classic Hits music formatted radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA. It is owned by Journal Communications.
History.
At noon on June 10, 2010, KBEZ dropped its longtime Adult Contemporary format and adopted an Adult Hits format. Along with the flip, KBEZ also changed its moniker from "92.9 KBEZ" to "92.9 BOB FM" and positioned themselves as "We Play Anything!". The last song played on KBEZ before the flip was "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" by Elton John.
At about noon on September 9th, 2013, KBEZ changed from its former "We Play Anything" genre to a "Classic Hits of the 60's, 70's, and 80's" style.
Ownership Changes.
On March 8, 2012, Renda announced that it was selling KHTT and KBEZ to Journal Communications for $11.8 million. The deal closed on June 25, 2012. Both KHTT and its sister KBEZ have moved into the Journal Communications facility at 29th and Yale Avenue adjacent to the Broken Arrow Expressway joining the existing Journal stations KVOO, KXBL, and KFAQ.
Gunman.
On Jan. 13, 2010 just after 1PM, 58-year-old Barry Styles brought a gun to KBEZ, and walked up and down the hallways demanding to speak to morning show co-host Carly Rush. When the receptionist informed the man she had left for the day, he walked out of the office then immediately returned brandishing a pistol. The receptionist escaped to the back of the office and called the Tulsa Police Department. The gunman trapped the employees inside the office and guarded the exit. After approximately 10 minutes, the police department had arrived on scene. When the gunman refused to drop his weapon, police fired shots hitting him in the waist. Shortly after, the police handcuffed the man and he was taken to a hospital where he was listed as being in serious condition.

</doc>
<doc id="19145580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145580" title="Rottenburg University of Applied Forest Sciences">
Rottenburg University of Applied Forest Sciences

The Rottenburg University of Applied Forest Sciences (in German: "Hochschule für Forstwirschaft Rottenburg") is a Fachhochschule ("university of applied sciences") in Rottenburg am Neckar, in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The special profile of the university is the principle of sustainable development. In April 2008 the university was winner of the contest ""Profile and Cooperation – excellence strategies for small and middle universities"". The contest was announced by the "Founder's Organization for German Sciences" and the "Heinz Nixdorf Foundation".
Sustainability – Basis for Successful Studies
Studying at Schadenweilerhof – hardly any other university offers such a unique atmosphere: personal interaction instead
of massive crowds. Historical walls and the most modern research facilities, surrounded by 2,500 ha of research
forest. With appr. 850 students, the University of Applied Sciences Rottenburg is small but precisely because
of this it is an innovative university. With a clear forestry science profile and six pioneering degrees:
• Forest Sciences, Bachelor of Science
• BioEnergy, Bachelor of Science
• Water Resource Management, Bachelor of Science
• Applied Wood Technology, Bachelor of Science
• Sustainable Rural Development and Regional Management,
Bachelor of Science
• SENCE (Sustainable Energy Competence), Master of Science
The goal of each degree is sustainable management when using natural resources. The University of Applied Sciences
Rottenburg has been awarded several times for these leading edge study programmes by the UNESCO. The close cooperation
with several other universities in the region, as well as having worldwide contacts, provide students the opportunity
to gain overseas experience and work on international research projects. The University of Applied Sciences
Rottenburg’s future concept was awarded for winning the university competition "Excellency Strategies" from the Stifterverband
für die Deutsche Wissenschaft.
Schadenweilerhof
72108 Rottenburg a. N.
Tel. +49 (0) 74 72 / 951-0
Fax +49 (0) 74 72 / 951-200
hfr@hs-rottenburg.de
www.hs-rottenburg.de
Admission only applies for the Winter Semester
Applications close on 15 July
The University of Applied Sciences Rottenburg works together with the following institutions:
- Within the university region Tübingen-Hohenheim, with Tübingen and Hohenheim Universities, as well as the universities Albstadt-Sigmaringen, Nürtingen-Geislingen and Reutlingen.
- Ulm University of Applied Sciences
- Stuttgart University of Applied Sciences
- Van Hall Larenstein, Part of Wageningen, Velp (The Netherlands)
In addition, there exist collaborations with many universities worldwide.
In 1954 the State of Baden-Württemberg founded a forestry school in Rottenburg am Neckar. In the 1970s the school was commuted to a vocational school of forestry. And finally in 1979 it was made a Fachhochschule (University of Applied Sciences). In the beginning the university served only as a training school for forest officers in the upper grade of the civil service of the states Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland. Since 1995 the university is publicly available. 
Histors
Schadenweilerhof.
The university is located in the ""Schadenweilerhof"" "(Schadenweiler estate)" about two kilometers (ca. one mile) southern of the town, near the Rammert forest. On the place where the university is located today, the village Schadenweiler was situated until the 15th century. The village was donated to the Hirsau Abbey around 1100. By the 15th century Schadenweiler vanished, the villagers vacated. In 1570 Werner von Themar established a noblemen's estate on the boundary. During a siege in the 17th century the estate was nearly entirely destroyed. Later on the estate devolved to the Spital and the Town of Rottenburg. The manor burned down several times.

</doc>
<doc id="19145618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145618" title="KTSO">
KTSO

KTSO is a adult contemporary station licensed to Glenpool, Oklahoma, serving the Tulsa, Oklahoma area at 94.1 FM. The station is owned by Stephens Media. KTSO brands itself as "The Breeze". The call letters signify a previous format, Tulsa's Soft Oldies. Prior to that format, the station was licensed to Okmulgee, Oklahoma, and aired a range of formats, including classical music. On November 22, 2012 KTSO started play all Christmas music. KRAV was Tulsa's Official Christmas Station. The Best of the 60s, 70s & 80s returned to the airwaves on December 26, 2012.
On July 1, 2013 KTSO changed their format to adult contemporary, branded as "94.1 The Breeze".

</doc>
<doc id="19145638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145638" title="Dougal and the Blue Cat">
Dougal and the Blue Cat

Dougal and the Blue Cat, called Pollux et le Chat Bleu in France, is a 1970 film based on "The Magic Roundabout".
Plot.
One morning in the magic garden, Dougal the dog is yelling at his cuckoo clock for dropping its pendulum on his bed. He suddenly realises that something strange happened last night, and he takes the train to speak to Zebedee about it. After a talk with Ermintrude (who is standing on the railway track), Brian (who is a bit faster than the train), Dylan (who is watching the mushrooms grow), and Mr. Machenry (who is tending his crops), he finds Zebedee conducting an orchestra of French lollipops. Once the lollipops leave on the train, Dougal tells Zebedee about what happened last night. He got to bed early, because he was tired from all his work. After a few seconds of sleep, he woke up. He got out of bed and heard a loud shriek. It was an owl who said to him "'Allo, cheeky!". Dougal then heard something even more sinister. A voice. After he hears the voice, he hears a second, female voice. They were coming from the old treacle factory, which had been shut down. After observing the scene from a red tree, he hears the female voice again. He returned to his bed and got back to his rest. After the flashback, Zebedee asks Dougal if he was not dreaming. After Dougal asks himself if he's "going dotty", Zebedee bounces away. Dougal then goes to see Florence.
Florence is busy cleaning her house, then she leaves for the roundabout. Her friends show her something on the magic roundabout. A blue cat. After doing a small dance, he decides to be named Buxton. Zebedee tells Florence that Dougal has a "problem". While Florence's friends ride on the roundabout, Florence goes to speak to Dougal, who is picking flowers. Florence introduces Dougal to Buxton. Dougal, jealous of the attention directed toward Buxton, dislikes him and tries to convince him that he, Buxton, will not like staying in the Garden because of the rain. At the bridge, Dylan, Ermintrude and Brian meet him as well. Ermintrude says that "Blue is beautiful". This reminds Dougal about what happened last night at the treacle factory. Everyone, with the exception of Dougal, decides that Buxton should sleep at Dougal's. They make the bed for him, while the cuckoo puts his pendulum back on the clock.
Meanwhile, Florence is picking blue flowers and Dougal is taking a walk, he accidentally steps on a platform, and is elevated. Buxton hears this and goes off to the treacle factory. Once he gets there, he introduces himself to the blue voice (played by Fenella Fielding).
Buxton enters the ruins of the old treacle factory where he is crowned King after correctly identifying the colours of seven doors (coloured different shades of blue). At the entrance, he is warned that he will get shot by a crossbow if he guesses incorrectly or forgets. He recognises the first door as blue. When he enters the next room, he discovers a machine sorting out blue flowers and dumping the other colour flowers. The blue voice then says her famous line "Blue is beautiful, blue is best. I'm blue, I'm beautiful, I'm best!". The second door is cobalt blue. Buxton enters a room with piles of clothing. A large machine is collecting the blue clothing and putting the other coloured clothing in a trunk. The machine also accidentally puts a blue sheet onto Buxton. Buxton correctly guesses the third door to be Saxony blue. In here, he meets an array of scary masks. Once he escapes, Buxton goes through the fourth door, which is indigo. Buxton finds himself in an observatory-like room. He finds the fifth door to be baby blue, though he momentarily forgets. He then enters the room of thunder and lightning. The next door is Prussian blue. He finds the guard room, where his blue men are created. Buxton then jumps through a small gap in between his men to reach the final door, royal blue. After being crowned, he sings a song.
Meanwhile, Ermintrude is painting blue pictures. Brian inadvertently helps Dougal down from the hoist by chewing the rope holding it. Dougal then tells everyone that Buxton is evil, but nobody believes him. A blue cactus then shows up while Ermintrude is showing Buxton all her paintings. Buxton informs everyone that the cacti are the "fast-growing" variety, and is happy to see it. Zebedee arrives, and informs everyone that his moustache has gone missing from his bedside table. The group search for the magic moustache, whilst Buxton sneaks off to the treacle factory.
Buxton tells his army to capture everyone. The army leaves, singing a song. Buxton observes through a periscope.
Buxton's army eventually captures every character, except Dougal, and they are imprisoned. Buxton reveals himself to be in possession of Zebedee's magic moustache, so they are unable to escape with magic.
Dougal has the idea to dye himself blue, and he heads towards the treacle factory. Here, he falls through a trapdoor, and straight into Buxton's royal chamber. Dougal introduces himself as Blue Peter. Buxton comments on the fact that "Blue Peter" is very similar to Dougal, but when Dougal says that he hates sugar. Buxton proceeds to lock Dougal in a torture chamber, which is a room full of sugar cubes. Dougal faces the dilemma of eating the sugar, and revealing his true identity, or resisting the sugar, thus earning Buxton's trust. He resists, and is released from the room and given the title of Prime Minister.
Dougal takes a "tour" of the caves beneath the treacle factory, and manages to locate the place where Buxton has imprisoned everyone. They identify him as Dougal, but he tells them to call him by his alias, Blue Peter, as he may have been followed. At this point, Buxton shows up, Ermintrude and Brian call Dougal a "blue-bag", and Buxton warns them not to mock his Prime Minister.
Madam Blue orders Buxton and Dougal to conquer the Moon. Whilst on the Moon, Dougal falls in a puddle and his dye washes off, revealing his true identity. The pair begin to fight, and manage to make it to the rocket, where they continue to fight. Dougal is pushed out of the rocket, but his parachute deploys, and he makes it safely back to the factory. Buxton, meanwhile, remains in the rocket, which crashes inside the factory, and causes him to feel unwell. Buxton tells Madam Blue that Blue Peter was really Dougal, Madam Blue becomes infuriated and strips Buxton of his title. Meanwhile, Dougal frees everyone from the prison cell, and they escape the treacle factory. However, Brian tries to tell Dougal that they've forgotten something. Brian takes it upon himself to enter the factory on his own.
The group return to the magic garden, and come across Buxton. The factory is shown collapsing to the ground. Brian's whereabouts is questioned, and Dougal says that Brian went back into the factory. The group begin mourning Brian, and Dougal tells Buxton that he should "blush for shame". Buxton flashes between red and blue a few times, before turning white. Brian appears, and says that the group should forgive him. After this, it snows and Mr. Rusty gives everyone a ride on the magic roundabout.
Home video and other media releases.
In 1970 an LP of "Pollux et le Chat Bleu" was released in France by Disques Somethin' Else (presented by the French distributor Valoria Films), a novelisation of the film written by Serge Danot was published in 1971 by Hachette Bibliothèque, and there has also been a French VHS release by Polygram/Universal in 1994.
On 1 January 1972 Music for Pleasure released an abridged LP record of the soundtrack of "Dougal and the Blue Cat" in Stereo (MFP50017)- (the original mono soundtrack was electronically enhanced for stereo effect) credits: Original story written and directed by Serge Danot, English version by Eric Thompson, Music by Joss Baselli, Produced by Disques Somethin' Else copyright 1972, music published by Lupus Music, and a single (FP 10006) of three songs from the film ('Florence it's a Lovely Morning/Florence's Sad Song/Success!King Buxton') sung by Eric Thompson, credits: A DANOT original soundtrack recording of the Nat Cohen/Anglo-EMI film. In 1973 a storybook of the film was published by Dean and Sons (24 pages).
Polygram Video released the film on VHS in 1989 on their Channel 5 label. It was also re-released on the 4Front label in 1993 and by Second Sight films in 1999. A scriptbook, claiming to be the original screenplay, of the film by Eric Thompson was published by Bloomsbury Publishing PLC in 1999, and features colour stills from the film.
A restored print of "Dougal and the Blue Cat" was released on DVD in the UK on 1 November 2010. This release by Second Sight also features the original French version of the film "Pollux et le Chat Bleu", interviews with Phyllida Law and Emma Thompson, an overview by film critic Mark Kermode and a photo gallery featuring the original cinema lobby cards of the French release.

</doc>
<doc id="19145650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145650" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 10,000 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 10,000 metres

The Men's 10,000 metres event featured at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. The final was held on 24 August 1999.
References.
<br>

</doc>
