<doc id="19300458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300458" title="Yellowfin whiting">
Yellowfin whiting

The yellowfin whiting, "Sillago schomburgkii", (also known as the western sand whiting and fine-scaled whiting) is a species of inshore marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. The species is endemic to the eastern Indian Ocean, ranging from Dampier, Western Australia to Gulf St Vincent in South Australia, with an apparent division in the populations of the two states. Yellowfin whiting inhabit relatively shallow waters for their entire life, often found on tidal flats and creeks, as well as large estuaries. It is one of the largest members of the smelt-whiting family, growing to 42 cm, and can be distinguished by a number of anatomical and colour related features. Yellowfin whiting are benthic carnivores, preying predominantly on polychaete worms, with minor amounts of copepods, amphipods and bivalves also commonly taken. The species shows a change in diet with age, and also dietary differences with other sillaginids presumably to minimize competition. Reproduction occurs at different times throughout its range, generally focused around summer, with up to 217,000 eggs produced per season. Yellowfin whiting reach sexual maturity at around 20 cm, with each individual spawning more than once. The species forms the basis of major fisheries in both Shark Bay, Western Australia and the two Gulfs of South Australia, with around 260 tonnes of fish taken each year. They are also a popular target for shore based anglers, with a reputation as a very good table fish.
Taxonomy and naming.
The yellowfin whiting is one of 29 species in the genus "Sillago", which is one of three divisions of the smelt whiting family Sillaginidae. The smelt-whitings are Perciformes in the suborder Percoidei.
The species was first recognised and scientifically described by the German naturalist Wilhelm Peters in 1864 based on the holotype collected from the waters near Adelaide, the capital city of South Australia. Peters assigned the species name "schomburgkii" in honor of the German explorer and botanist Moritz Richard Schomburgk, who became the second Director of the Adelaide Botanic Gardens. Schomburgk collected the specimen and sent it to Peters, who was by then the curator of the Berlin Zoological Museum, an institution for which Schomburgk had collected extensively before in the past during expeditions to British Guiana.
Prior to Peter's description, the yellowfin whiting was at first confused with the similar "Sillago bassensis", which also occurs within the same range. The species was also independently renamed twice after the initial naming, first by Francis de Castelnau in 1873 as "Sillago bostockii", and then Gilbert Percy Whitley in 1944 who named the species "Sillago frazeri" (or "S. fraseri"). These two names are considered to be junior synonyms under the ICZN naming rules, and are considered invalid.
The species is known primarily as the 'yellowfin whiting' or 'yellow-finned whiting' in reference to the yellow pectoral, anal and caudal fins, and is recognised as such by the Australian Government. In Western Australia, the species is usually referred to as the 'western sand whiting' due to its close similarity with the sand whiting ("Sillago ciliata") of Eastern Australia, with the name 'fine-scaled whiting' rarely used.
Description.
The yellowfin whiting has a similar body profile to most other Australian sillaginids, with colour and swimbladder morphology the simplest identifying features. It is one of the largest members of the Sillaginidae, growing to a known maximum known length of 42 cm and a weight of 860 g. The body is elongate and compressed, with the dorsal profile more arched than the ventral. The mouth is small and oblique, having a broad band of villiform teeth in each jaw. There are two slightly separated dorsal fins, the first consisting of 10 to 12 spines and the second of 1 spine followed by 19 to 22 soft rays. The anal fin consists of 2 spines followed by 17 to 20 soft rays, the ventral of 1 spine and 5 soft rays and the pectoral of 15 to 16 rays. The caudal fin is emarginate, and is made up of 17 rays. The body is covered in small ctenoid scales extending to the upper head and nostrils of the fish, also present behind each ray of the dorsal and anal fins. The lateral line has 66 to 76 scales, and the cheek has 4 or 5 rows of scales, all of which are ctenoid. There is a total of 37 vertebrae in the species. The swimbladder has an incised anterior margin with no median or anterolateral projections and there is a single tapering posterior extension which rapidly narrows to a slender tube. A duct like process is present on the ventral surface of the swimbladder.
The yellowfin whiting is a sandy brown to pale silvery grey colour, with a darker dorsal surface and paler underside. There is a narrow silver mid-lateral band with a brownish band above, although these bands may be pale or indistinct. The dorsal fins are both hyaline with rows of small brown spots and the anal fins are pale yellow with a cream margin. The ventral fins are also yellowish, and the pectoral fin is pale yellow to hyaline with a fine dusting and lacks a dark spot at the base. As yellowfin whiting grow, the yellow colour of the fins often fades and in large specimens may be completely absent. The caudal fin is greyish.
Distribution and habitat.
The yellowfin whiting is endemic to the waters of the eastern Indian Ocean off south west Australia, and is believed to exist as two separate populations, one in Western Australia and the other in South Australia.
The western population extends from Dampier, south to Albany, with no records of the species between Albany and Spencer Gulf further west. The southern population occurs in Spencer Gulf and Gulf St Vincent, extending eastward to the Fleurieu Peninsula. Tagging studies have found that the populations in each of South Australia's Gulfs are isolated from each others, but no genetics studies have been undertaken to clarify this.
Yellowfin whiting primarily inhabit shallow protected inshore waters in depths of less than 10 m, often moving across tidal flats less than a meter deep. They are commonly found on sand flats, bars and spits, as well as mangrove lined tidal creeks, mud flats, seagrass beds and estuaries. Yellowfin whiting move with the tide, pushing into the shallows of creeks and flats to forage at high tide and moving back to the sandy hollows of deeper slopes of channels and banks as the tide falls. In Western Australia, they often enter large, sandy estuaries such as the Swan and Leschenault Estuary where they many penetrate the limits of brackish water, indicating they can survive in low salinity environments. Conversely, they have been recorded in the extremely saline waters of upper Spencer Gulf and Shark Bay, suggesting a wide tolerance to salinity. Juveniles inhabit the same environments as adults in South Australia, but in Western Australia adults move from the tidal creeks and seagrass beds to more sand dominated environments including high energy beaches.
Biology.
The yellowfin whiting is a schools species, with its movements highly controlled by tidal phases, with the species often moving over shallow sand banks with the rising tide. Where it occurs with other species of sillaginids, it is unique in that it remains in the shallow protected inshore waters, while other species move offshore as they grow. This is likely a response to reduce interspecific competition between sillaginids. The dietary and reproductive biology of the yellowfin whiting has been extensively studied in Western and South Australia, where it comprises a major part of the fishery. As with a number of other sillaginids, the species has been recorded 'burrowing' in the substrate to avoid predators.
Diet and feeding.
The yellowfin whiting is a benthic predator, using its well developed eyesight and a downward pointing jaws that can be protruded to 'suck up' and capture its prey from the seafloor. Studies on the mouth morphology of a range of sillaginids concluded that the mouth morphology of most species has little influence on the type of prey caught, with differences in diet more likely due to variations in the foraging behavior. Studies conducted in southwest Western Australia found the species predominantly takes polychaetes as its main prey item, although crustaceans, particularly amphipods and penaeids also make up a large portion of its diet. Items taken infrequently or in lesser amounts include small teleost fish, bivalve molluscs, marine plant material and other crustaceans such as tanaids, decapods and cumaceans. Modeling with the stable isotopes 13C and 15N indicate that seagrass and epiphytic algae were the primary initial sources of energy and nutrition that flow into the fish via detritivores which the species preys on, with salt marsh plants and macroalgae contributing in some settings.
The species is known to undergo a dietary shift as it grows to adulthood. Young individuals less than 10 cm in length consume considerable volumes of copepods and minor amounts of polychaetes, but once they reach around 10 cm, the diet shifts to a polychaete-dominated one. Further growth sees an increase in the volume of amphipods, small fish and oligochaetes taken. These changes appear to be unrelated to mouth morphology, instead the fish becomes more mobile and possesses a larger mouth to be able to take these prey. The yellowfin whitings' diet also varies spatially and temporally, which appears to be a function of prey availability at different sites and periods of the year. There is little resource partitioning between the small individuals of sillaginids which inhabit shallow inshore habitats, with "Sillago vittata", "S. burrus" and "Sillaginodes punctatus" also taking copepods as their primary prey in southwest Western Australia. This changes as each species grows, with "S. vittata" and "S burrus" moving to deeper waters to avoid interspecific competition, whilst the remaining "S. schomburgkii" and "Sillaginodes punctatus" partition the resources, with "S. punctatus" consuming more decapods and shrimps.
Reproduction and growth.
Yellowfin whiting reach sexual maturity at a length of 200 mm in males and 230 mm in females, with the majority of both sexes reaching this length by the end of their second year of life. The timing of spawning varies over the species range, a trait found in a number of other sillaginids. In the northernmost part of its range in Shark Bay, spawning occurs between August and December, while further south off southern Western Australia, spawning occurs between December and February. The South Australian population also spawns between December and February, with this event preceded by the movement of fish into shallow tidal and estuarine regions where spawning occurs. Ripe fish then break off the main schooling body to form smaller spawning schools, where the eggs are shed. There is conflicting data concerning the pattern of spawning in yellowfin whiting, with an earlier Shark Bay study finding the species to be a single spawner, whilst recent studies in the south indicate they are multiple spawners. In South Australia, once spawning has occurred the fish disperse and move further offshore once again.
Females release between 170,000 and 217,000 eggs per season, with these eggs being pelagic and spherical, with a diameter of 0.6 mm. The development and morphology of the newly hatched larvae has been extensively described in the ichthyological literature. By the time they reach 2.7 mm, the mouth and gut are functional, the eyes are pigmented, a gas bladder is present, and yolk absorption is complete. The larvae are elongate, having 36 to 38 myomeres, with flexion occurring by 4.8 mm. The juveniles appear in Western Australian estuaries during March, with subsequent growth being fairly rapid. However, the yellowfin whiting is one of the slower growing sillaginids, but reaches a much larger maximum size than most of its relatives, with a known maximum length of 42 cm. On average, individuals measure 8 cm after their first year and weigh between 60 and 190 g, while by the end of their second year they have attained 24 cm, with females thought to grow slightly faster than males. The oldest known individual taken was a 12 year old female that measured 35 cm, while the oldest known male was at least 7 years old and measured 34.8 mm.
Relationship to humans.
The yellowfin whiting is a highly rated table fish, but often considered slightly inferior to the King George whiting, which often occurs in similar areas. Due to its popularity and abundance in both South and Western Australia, it has become a major target for commercial and recreational fishermen, although major declines in population numbers have limited the resources. Roland McKay has also suggested the species has aquaculture potential, especially with its high tolerance to varying salinity levels.
Commercial fishery.
There are two major fisheries in operation for yellowfin whiting; one in the Gulfs of South Australia and another in Shark Bay, Western Australia. There are also up to four minor fisheries in Western Australia, centered in the Blackwood River estuary, Geographe Bay, the Leschenault Estuary and Cockburn Sound. Fishing methods employed commonly include beach seines, bottom set gill nets along creek edges, ring nets, and long gill nets set on sand banks. Nets are usually set in the mornings in South Australia, when fish often move from the tidal flats back into the deeper channels. The two major fishery areas have produced very large numbers of fish in the past, with the South Australian catch representing up to 65% of the entire catch from the gulfs in the late 1970s. In Shark Bay, the largest known annual catch was 204 tonnes during 1961. This has dropped substantially, and current Shark Bay catches have fluctuated between 100 and 130 tonnes per year since 1990, with the 2003 catch around 110 tonnes. Including the minor fisheries catches of Western Australia, the total WA yellowfin whiting catch was 131.4 tonnes, and made up over 95% of the total whiting catch in the state. South Australia has similar modern catch numbers, with the fishery recovering from a major downturn in the late 1980s, when the catch dropped below 20 tonnes per year for an unknown reason. Concerns were raised about previous over-exploitation, but catch numbers have since recovered to levels of around 150–170 tonnes per year.
Recreational fishery.
Yellowfin whiting have become a major target for anglers in both South and Western Australia for a number of reasons: they are very good table fish, they provide good sport on light line, and are easily accessible from beaches and jetties, with a boat not necessary for their capture. Yellowfin whiting are actually most commonly targeted from beaches, estuaries and jetties constructed over shallow waters, with good catches often made on the ingoing and outgoing period of the tide. Due to their easily spooked nature, tackle used to capture the fish is usually very light, with lines kept below 6 kg, hooks below size 4, and sinkers to an absolute minimum as heavy lines and sinkers often scare away the fish. Specialist whiting fishermen often attach a red bead or piece of tubing directly above the hook to attract the fish, although the usefulness of this is debated. The most common bait used is 'beach worms', which may be from a variety of families, with prawns, cockles and squid occasionally taking good catches also. Lure and fly fishing for the species is poorly developed, with their shy nature preventing these methods from being effectively used.
The recreational catch often is greater than the commercial catch in some areas, with a survey carried out in Blackwood River indicating 120 700 fish were taken in a year by anglers. A similar survey conducted in the South Australian Gulfs found recreational fishermen accounted for 28% of the entire yellowfin whiting taken during the 2000/2001 period, representing over 50 tonnes of fish. Recreational bag limits have been put in place to prevent over-exploitation by anglers in both states, with South Australia imposing a minimum size limit of 24 cm and a bag limit of 20 fish on anglers. In Western Australia, there is no minimum size limit, but a bag limit of 40 fish in combination with school whitings ("Sillago bassensis" and "Sillago vittata").

</doc>
<doc id="19300497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300497" title="Teoman Örge">
Teoman Örge

Teoman Örge (born 1 January 1990) is a Turkish professional basketball player of Gelişim Koleji.

</doc>
<doc id="19300514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300514" title="Stevie Riks">
Stevie Riks

Stevie Riks (born 3 September 1967) is a British comedian and impressionist. He mainly releases material via the Internet video viewing web site "YouTube". He took part in Central Television's "New Faces" in 1988 and has featured on the BBC television magazine programme "Inside Out". 
Riks' specialities are impersonations of musicians from the 1960s and 1970s although he has branched off into other areas such as impersonating football personalities. Based in Chester, England, he records his comic video sketches in his home with a digital camera. He often uses split screen technology to perform dual roles. Apart from performing various accents such as Cockney and Liverpudlian, Elvis Presley's typical slur and imitating typical facial tics and mannerisms, Riks is the first impersonator to imitate all members of the Beatles, The Bee Gees, The Rolling Stones and Queen. His singing voice is notable for its range, from David Bowie's low crooning timbre in "Wild is the Wind" to Gene Pitney's high-pitched creaky voice. One creative way of avoiding infringement of copyright (which cost him his YouTube account twice) is to subtly change the lyrics of famous pop songs or to imitate the way pop celebrities talk and demonstrate droll dance steps (Bowie, Freddie Mercury, Cliff Richard ) or even cook as in "George Harrison Makes A Curry". In this capacity, Riks has been making a come-back with a new YouTube account from 3 August 2009 onwards, which has been viewed over 13,000 times in a fortnight. A recent gimmick has been the sudden appearance of various rock stars in videos of songs they never performed in the first place for comic effect, or odd pairings such as Elvis Presley with David Bowie.

</doc>
<doc id="19300541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300541" title="Nipmuck Trail">
Nipmuck Trail

The Nipmuck Trail is a "Blue-Blazed" hiking trail "system" which meanders through of forests in northeast Connecticut. It is maintained by the Connecticut Forest and Park Association and is considered one of the Blue-Blazed hiking trails. There are two southern trail heads (two tines of a fork) in the south of the town of Mansfield, Connecticut. The southwestern terminus is on Puddin Lane, the southeastern is in Mansfield Hollow State Park off Bassetts Bridge Road. The northern terminus is at the north end of Breakneck Pond along the Massachusetts border in Nipmuck State Forest. Camping permits may be obtained for up to five separate locations for backpacking.
For the Nipmuck Trail travels through the Yale-Myers Forest which is owned by Yale University. The trail also traverses of the University of Connecticut's East Campus (the protected Moss tract through the Fenton Forest).
Trail description.
The is primarily used for hiking, backpacking, picnicking, and in the winter, snowshoeing.
Portions of the trail are suitable for, and are used for, cross-country skiing and geocaching. Site-specific activities enjoyed along the route include bird watching, hunting (very limited), fishing, horseback riding, bouldering and rock climbing (limited).
Trail communities.
The official Blue-Blazed passes through land located within the following municipalities, from south to north:
History and folklore.
The Blue-Blazed was created by the Connecticut Forest and Park Association.
Hiking the trail.
The mainline trail is blazed with blue rectangles. Trail descriptions are available from a number of commercial and non-commercial sources, and a complete guidebook is published by the Connecticut Forest and Park Association
Conservation and maintenance of the trail corridor.
The last week of March 2010 the Connecticut Forest and Park Association acquired the largest conservation easement in an agreement with the University of Connecticut for the section of the Nipmuck Trail which passes through University of Connecticut protected property (the Moss tract through the Fenton Forest). Also on that date a number of conveyances between the University of Connecticut, CFPA, the Norcross Wildlife Foundation and the towns of Willington and Mansfield secured the preservation of of land on four forested properties near or surrounding the Nipmuck Trail.
External links.
Specific to this trail:
Government Links:
Land and Conservation Trusts:

</doc>
<doc id="19300579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300579" title="Ramnagar, Bangladesh">
Ramnagar, Bangladesh

Ramnagar is a village of Feni District in the Chittagong Division of Bangladesh. It is located at 22°56'0N 91°17'0E with an altitude of 4 metres (16 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19300609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300609" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 48 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 48 kg

The Men's Freestyle 48 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19300610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300610" title="List of railway stations in Amsterdam">
List of railway stations in Amsterdam

This is an index for the Amsterdam railway stations. Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands.
The operator of all trains within and around Amsterdam is the Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Amsterdam region.
Railway stations in the Amsterdam area are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19300617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300617" title="Siege of Saigon">
Siege of Saigon

The Siege of Saigon, a two-year siege of the city by the Vietnamese after its capture on 17 February 1859 by a Franco-Spanish flotilla under the command of the French admiral Charles Rigault de Genouilly, was one of the major events of the Cochinchina campaign (1858–62). Saigon was of great strategic importance, both as the key food-producing area of Vietnam and as the gateway to Cochinchina.
Background.
In 1858, Admiral Charles Rigault de Genouilly attacked Vietnam under the orders of Napoleon III following the failed mission of diplomat Charles de Montigny. His stated mission was to stop the persecution of Catholic missionaries in the country and assure the unimpeded propagation of the faith. For his descent on Vietnam, Rigault de Genouilly had a force of 14 warships, 1,000 French marine infantry, and 1,000 troops from the Spanish garrisons of the Philippines (550 Spanish infantry and 450 Filipino light infantry). The allied force landed at the port of Tourane in September 1858 and occupied the city after a brief bombardment. However, the allies were soon placed under siege by the Vietnamese and, unable to advance inland beyond the protection of the squadron's guns, were effectively immobilised at Tourane.
Capture of Saigon, 17 February 1859.
Realising that the French garrison at Tourane could achieve nothing useful, Rigault de Genouilly decided to strike elsewhere against the Vietnamese. He considered and rejected the possibility of an expedition to Tonkin, and in January 1859 proposed to the navy ministry an expedition against Saigon in Cochinchina, a city of considerable strategic significance as a source of food for the Vietnamese army. The expedition was approved, and on 2 February, leaving "capitaine de vaisseau" Thoyon at Tourane with a small French garrison and two gunboats, Rigault de Genouilly sailed south for Saigon. His naval force consisted of the corvettes "Phlégéton" and "Primauguet", the gunboats "Alarme", "Avalanche" and "Dragonne", the Spanish despatch vessel "El Cano" and the transports "Saône", "Durance" and "Meurthe". 
Rigault de Genouilly halted for five days in Cam Ranh Bay for four supply ships to join him with food for the expedition. On 9 February he again got underway. On 10 February the allied flotilla bombarded the forts that defended the interior harbour of Cape Saint-Jacques and soon reduced their cannon to silence. The landing companies, a mixed force of French and Spanish soldiers under the command of "capitaine de vaisseau" Reynaud, then went ashore and stormed the forts. 
On 11 February the five-day voyage upriver began. The transports and the baggage were left at Cap Saint-Jacques. The gunboat "Dragonne" scouted ahead, followed by the two other gunboats, the two corvettes and the Spanish despatch vessel. Three companies of marine infantry and two Spanish companies, 2,000 men in all, were distributed among the vessels which towed the launches of the naval force. The allied flotilla advanced cautiously as the currents were unknown, and anchored each night in the river. During their passage the French and Spanish vessels halted to reduced six riverside forts, and squads of engineers under the command of "capitaine de génie" Gallimard were put ashore to burn the wooden stockades that linked the forts. The Vietnamese defended themselves vigorously: "Dragonne" was hit with three cannonballs, and "Avalanche" by seven. The invaders took care to ensure that the river could not be closed behind them. After each fort was taken its cannon were either spiked or taken aboard the ships. 
On the evening of 15 February the naval division (which had been joined in the river by the despatch vessel "Prégent") arrived in view of the two forts built by Gia Long's French engineers, which defended Saigon from the south. During the night two armed launches were sent forward to destroy a barrage made of boats lashed together and filled with explosives. At dawn on 16 February "Phlégéton", "Primauguet", "Alarme" and "Avalanche" anchored 800 metres from the forts. The channel was so narrow that Admiral Charner, on "Phlégéton"'s bridge, was able to shout his orders to the captains of the other vessels. "Prégent", "Dragonne" and "Elcano" were a little further back.
The allied flotilla opened fire on the Vietnamese forts and soon found the range. Marine infantry snipers, firing from the mastheads of the French and Spanish ships, picked off the Vietnamese gunners. The Vietnamese responded vigorously, but their aim was uncertain, and the French and Spanish soon beat down their fire. The landing companies were sent ashore to assault the forts, and by 8 a.m. both forts were in Spanish hands.
Later the same day "capitaine de frégate" Bernard Jauréguiberry, the future French admiral and navy minister, scouted the Citadel of Saigon aboard "Avalanche". On the morning of 17 February the French and Spanish went ashore and assaulted the citadel. Sergeant des Pallières of the marine infantry was the first to enter the citadel, and once the allies were inside the Vietnamese garrison retreated. A force of around 1,000 Vietnamese soldiers attempted to counterattack. Admiral Charner, who was personally directing the action, threw back their attack with Colonel Lanzarote's Filipino troops. At 10 a.m. the French and Spanish flags flew above the citadel.
Allied occupation of Saigon, February 1859–February 1860.
The citadel of Saigon was enormous, and the allies did not have enough men to hold it securely. Rigault de Genouilly therefore decided to blow it up. Thirty-two mines were prepared, and on 8 March 1859 the citadel was wrecked. The rice magazines were also set alight, and burned for several months. 
In April 1859 Rigault de Genouilly returned to Tourane with the bulk of his forces, leaving only a small garrison under the command of "capitaine de frégate" Bernard Jauréguiberry to hold Saigon. Jauréguiberry's force consisted of a company of French marine infantry, a company of Filipino light infantry under Spanish command, and 400 sailors to work the French artillery. Rigault also left the corvette "Primauguet", the gunboats "Avalanche" and "Dragonne" and the transport "Durance" at Saigon. The French repaired the Southern Fort, captured from the Vietnamese in February, and converted it into a stronghold for the garrison.
On 21 April 1859 Jauréguiberry launched a surprise attack on a Vietnamese fortification that had been built to the west of the town. The allied attack succeeded and the Vietnamese position was burnt down, but allied casualties were 14 dead and 31 wounded out of a total of 800 men engaged. This was such a heavy loss, given the limited allied numbers, that Jauréguiberry made no further attacks. The Franco-Spanish garrison of Saigon withdrew to the Southern Fort and bided its time.
Siege of Saigon, March 1860 to February 1861.
The capture of Saigon proved to be as hollow a victory for the French and Spanish as their earlier capture of Da Nang. Jauréguiberry's force at Saigon was too small to venture out of its defences, while Captain Thoyon's small French garrison in Da Nang had been placed under siege by the Vietnamese. Meanwhile, the French government was distracted from its Far Eastern ambitions by the outbreak of the Austro-Sardinian War, which tied down large numbers of French troops in Italy. In November 1859 Rigault de Genouilly, whose actions in Cochinchina had come under severe criticism in France, was replaced by Admiral François Page, who was instructed to obtain a treaty protecting the Catholic faith in Vietnam but not to seek any territorial gains. 
The Vietnamese, aware of France's distraction in Italy, refused these moderate terms and spun out the negotiations in the hope that the allies would cut their losses and abandon the campaign altogether. Meanwhile, the French were unable to reinforce the garrisons of Da Nang and Saigon. Although the Austro-Sardinian War soon ended, by early 1860 the French were again at war with China, and Page had to divert most of his forces to support Admiral Léonard Charner's China expedition. 
In April 1860 Page left Cochinchina to join Charner at Canton, and the defence of Saigon and the neighbouring Chinese town of Cholon, an important commercial centre, was entrusted to "capitaine de vaisseau" d'Ariès. To garrison these two towns d'Ariès had a mere 600 marine infantrymen and 200 Spanish troops under the command of Colonel Palanca y Guttierez, supported by the corvettes "Primauguet", "Norzagaray" and "Laplace". To augment this modest force the French armed a number of junks to patrol the rivers, and also recruited Annamese and Chinese auxiliaries to take part in the patrols and man the advanced posts. 
In March 1860 the Franco-Spanish force in Saigon, only 1,000 men strong, was placed under siege by a Vietnamese army of about 10,000 men, and had to support an eleven-month siege by greatly superior numbers. At the same time, French strength was also being drained by the Siege of Đà Nẵng (September 1858 to March 1860), and in March 1860 the French evacuated Da Nang.
End of the siege.
Finally, in the wake of the Anglo-French victory at the Battle of Palikao on 21 September 1860, which ended the war in China, reinforcements of 70 ships under Admiral Charner and 3,500 soldiers under General de Vassoigne were dispatched to Saigon. Charner's squadron, the most powerful French naval force seen in Vietnamese waters before the creation of the French Far East Squadron on the eve of the Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885), included the steam frigates "Impératrice Eugénie" and "Renommée" (Charner and Page's respective flagships), the corvettes "Primauguet", "Laplace" and "Duchayla", eleven screw-driven despatch vessels, five first-class gunboats, seventeen transports and a hospital ship. The squadron was accompanied by half a dozen armed lorchas purchased in Macao.
After the arrival of these massive reinforcements, the French were able to defeat the besieging Vietnamese at the Battle of Kỳ Hòa on 25 February 1861 and raise the siege.

</doc>
<doc id="19300632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300632" title="Heathkit H8">
Heathkit H8

Heathkit's H8 was an Intel 8080-based microcomputer sold in kit form starting in 1977. The H8 was similar to the S-100 bus computers of the era, and like those machines was often used with the CP/M operating system on floppy disk. The main difference between the H8 and S-100 machines was the bus; the H8 used a 50-pin bus design that was smaller, more robust and better engineered electrically. The machine also included a bootstrap ROM that made it easier to start up, including code for running basic input/output and allowing input through a front-mounted octal keypad and front panel display instead of the binary switches and lights used on machines like the Altair 8800. The H8 was a successful design but required a separate terminal to be truly useful; Heathkit introduced several terminals as well. A successor model, the "All-in-One" Heathkit H89, combined a Z-80 processor board and a floppy disk drive into the cabinet of an Heathkit H19 terminal. This model also was sold in fully assembled form as the WH89. These were later sold by Zenith Electronics with their name on the front as the Zenith Z89.
History.
Background.
MITS announced the Altair 8800 in January 1975 and started selling kits soon after. Marketed to electronics hobbyists through trade magazines like "Popular Electronics", the company founders felt there would be limited appeal and expected to sell only a few hundred systems. Instead, they received orders for thousands in the first month. Sales were so much greater than expected that MITS was unable to clear the order backlog for the better part of the year.
The Altair sparked off such intense interest in the microcomputer world that a number of other companies jumped in to fill the sales backlog, building machines that were clones of the Altair. The primary component of this design was the S-100 bus, so named because it used a 100-pin edge connector that MITS found at bargain prices when they were designing the machine. Unfortunately the pins were connected from the backplane with no real thought put into their layout, and it had a number of problems that made it unreliable.
In spite of any design flaws, standardization led to a flourishing of companies selling into the S-100 market. The introduction of floppy disk controllers and the disk-based CP/M operating system dramatically improved the system's capabilities and started the process of turning them into practical small-business tools. By the late 1970s they were starting to displace minicomputers and other systems in a number of roles.
H8.
Heathkit was a long-established player in the electronics market, making kits for products that had proven themselves in the market. Some of these were quite complex, including a color television. In 1977 they decided to enter the microcomputer market, and designed the H8. The machine was announced in July 1977 and started selling that fall at a price of $379.
To be useful, the user also need to purchase a 4 kB SRAM card ($139) and some form of storage controller; at a minimum this would be the H10 paper tape punch/reader or the H8-5 Serial I/O card ($110) which controlled a cassette tape, using a 1200-baud variant of the Kansas City standard format. Another common accessory was the H9 video terminal, which was also driven by the H8-5 card; although any serial terminal would work. Unfortunately, the H9 was inexpensive but ugly in appearance, was limited to upper case characters and 12 display lines, and used a cheap array of switches for its keyboard. It was eventually superseded by the H19 terminal, a nicer design ergonomically and capable of lower-case and graphic-like characters. The H19 became a major product line of its own. The H17 floppy disk system became available in 1978, normally sold with one drive but expandable with a second (and later to three). Use of the H17 required at least 16 kB of RAM. The H8 could use CP/M, and often did, but early machines required either a special version of CP/M that was "org'd" at 8K instead of zero, or a small hardware modification and an updated ROM to do so. Heath also had its own DOS, unsurprisingly named HDOS, which was written by J. Gordon Letwin (who later went to Microsoft to become the chief architect of OS/2).
At the time the H8 was introduced, the computer market was in the midst of a shift from the hobby market that had spawned it to a "user" market that purchased pre-assembled machines. Heath followed this trend and introduced the WH8 in fully assembled form for $475. Like the H8, the WH8 would need to include several other cards to be useful. The disk drive system was also available fully assembled as the WH17. For the CP/M operating system, Heathkit provided the WH67, a 10 MB eight-inch hard drive and the H47 eight-inch floppy disk system.
H89.
In 1978 Heath introduced the Heathkit H88 which combined the H19 terminal and a new Zilog Z80-based single-board processor into the case of the H19. A version with a disk drive incorporated to the right of the terminal screen became the H89. The machines bore a strong resemblance to the TRS-80 Model III and similar all-in-one computers. The H89 was available both in kit form for $1595, and fully assembled form as the WH89 for $2295.
Soon after the introduction of the H89, Heathkit was purchased by Zenith to enter the microcomputer market. They continued sales of the H89 with their own labeling on the front as the Zenith Z89. Eventually, Zenith Data Systems (Heathkit plus the computer division of Zenith) was purchased by Bull HN (CII Bull, Honeywell and Nippon Electric) because they needed a US maker of microcomputers to comply with government purchase requirements. Kit sales were ended soon after that purchase.
Description.
Heath chose not to implement the S-100 bus and instead created their own, known as "Benton Harbor Bus" after their home town. The bus was based on a 50-pin connector and laid out to avoid the electrical problems of the S-100 system (like +5V and ground being placed beside each other). The H8 was packaged in a box-like chassis with pressboard sides and metal sheeting for the rest of the case. The top sheet was heavily perforated to form cooling vents.
The machine was built up from the backplane mounted on the right-hand side panel of the case, with ten 50-pin card slots. The first and last slots were spaced differently from the rest. Also, the power supplies occupied some of the space needed for the last (which meant that the last card not only had to accommodate the narrow spacing but also could not be full-length), leaving eight "standard" slots available for full-length cards. The front panel plugged into the first slot and the CPU plugged into the second, leaving seven for further expansion. The card slots were arranged on an angle, which allowed the case to be reduced in height. Each card contained its own voltage regulators, using the Z-shaped mounting bracket as a heat-sink. (Power distribution on the backplane was unregulated +8V and +/-18V; the cards regulated these to their requirements, typically +5V and +/- 12V.)
Another notable change was the replacement of the front-panel toggle switches and lights of a standard early-model S-100 system with a keypad and seven-segment LED display (early S-100 machines like the Altair or IMSAI 8080 contained no ROM and when they were started the user had to "type in" a program via the toggle switches to read a paper tape. Once this "loader" program was ready, a paper tape containing a more complete loader would be read in, allowing the user to load programs from cassette or floppy disk).
On the H8 all of this code was already pre-installed in a 1 kB ROM in a monitor program known as "PAM8", occupying locations 0 through 3FF16 and the H17 disk I/O drivers used for booting, occupying a 2 kB ROM occupying locations 180016 through 1FFF16 The ROM contained code to control the keypad and display, booting it directly into an operable state. Several versions of the PAM-8 ROM were sold as upgrades; at one point Heathkit switched to using 2 kB ROMs, occupying through 7FF16 and subsequently to a 4 kB ROM occupying through FFF16. The ROMs interfered with the operation of standard CP/M, which assumed it could write the memory near location 0, in particular the interrupt handler pointers.
PAM8 and portions of HDOS used an unusual address notation called "split octal" where 16-bit numbers were split into two 8-bit numbers printed in octal: the first location was "000.000" and the location after "000.377" was "001.000". Most mini and micro computers used either straight octal (377 was followed by 400) or hexadecimal. With the introduction of the optional HA8-6 Z-80 processor replacement for the 8080 board, the front-panel keyboard got a new set of labels and hexadecimal notation was used instead of octal.

</doc>
<doc id="19300661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300661" title="Heathkit H11">
Heathkit H11

The Heathkit H11 Computer was an early kit-format personal computer introduced in 1977. It was essentially a Digital Equipment PDP-11 in a small-form-factor case, designed by Heathkit. The H11 was one of the first 16-bit personal computers, at a list price of US$1,295 
Specifications.
The H11 featured:
Initial memory limitations restricted the selection of software the system could handle, but the system could be expanded to 32KB of RAM. Many PDP-11 operating systems and programs ran without trouble. The system would also work with most DEC PDP-11 equipment, including many Q-bus compatible peripherals.

</doc>
<doc id="19300663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300663" title="Vernon Sport">
Vernon Sport

Vernon Kingsley Sport (July 16, 1923 – September 8, 2008) was a member of the prestigious Tuskegee Airmen during World War II. In later life he worked for the cause of affirmative action and donated much of his time to help those in need.
Early life.
Vernon Sport enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps immediately after graduating from high school. He requested a posting at Moton Field in Tuskegee, Alabama, the home field of the Tuskegee Airmen. Each time, he was turned down for lacking a college degree. In retrospect, "it was an exercise in determination. He continuously requested to try out for the airmen. He didn’t have a college education at that time, but he was very well-read," Dr. Alfred Wyatt, Sport's son-in-law, would note later. Eventually, he would prevail, rising to the rank of captain squad commander. After leaving the Air Corps, Sport would earn a bachelor's degree from Suffolk University and a master's degree from Goddard College.
Later life.
Sport moved to Massachusetts, where he worked in the state courts as an affirmative action officer, helping to ensure equal access for African-Americans. He also served on the boards of such notable organizations as the NAACP, the American Heart Association and the American Cancer Society. His son-in-law would later recount, "I think the experience of being with the Tuskegee Airmen prepared him to be a leader."
Sport retired and moved to Conyers, Georgia in 1988, but that didn't stop him from helping others. He worked with an Atlanta-area charity, the Angels of Mercy, which provided food and support to homeless persons, for many years. In 2007, Sport, along with the other Tuskegee Airmen, would receive the Congressional Gold Medal for their service.
Vernon Sport died in Conyers, Georgia on September 8, 2008, of complications from Alzheimer's Disease. He was survived by his wife, three sisters and four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19300702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300702" title="Cân i Gymru">
Cân i Gymru

Cân i Gymru (English: "A Song for Wales", ) is a Welsh television show broadcast on S4C annually. It was first introduced in 1969 when BBC Cymru wanted to enter the Eurovision Song Contest. It has taken place every year except 1973. It is proposed that if Wales were to enter the Eurovision Song Contest, "Cân i Gymru" would be the preselection show. "Cân i Gymru" is different from most talent shows. Whereas the majority invite the public to participate, "Cân i Gymru" welcomes only professional artists. The winner of the contest represents Wales at the annual Pan Celtic Festival held in Ireland and is also awarded a cash prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19300709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300709" title="Mundialito">
Mundialito

Mundialito may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19300723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300723" title="Mainz-Amöneburg">
Mainz-Amöneburg

Mainz-Amöneburg is a district administered by the city of Wiesbaden, Germany. Mainz-Amöneburg was formerly a district of the city of Mainz, until the public administration by the city of Wiesbaden was decided on August 10, 1945. The reason for this had been the easy control of the Allied Occupation Zones in Germany, where the Rhine formed the border between the American sector and the French sector. Mainz-Amöneburg faces the city of Mainz on the opposite shore of the Rhine river. The former border between the Grand Duchy of Hesse and the Prussian Province of Hesse-Nassau lay between Amöneburg and Biebrich until 1945.
Two companies which were at first independent, but which later belonged to the same company, Hoechst AG, had been located in Amöneburg (Chemische Werke Albert) and Biebrich (Chemische Fabrik Kalle), one on each side of the border. Recent mergers, acquisitions and transitions took place. Now, the industrial site InfraServ Wiesbaden runs the infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="19300726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300726" title="It's a Bear">
It's a Bear

"It's a Bear" is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 28th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Plot.
The gang decides to go hunting for big game and encounter a real bear.

</doc>
<doc id="19300736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300736" title="Muhammadiyah University of Makassar">
Muhammadiyah University of Makassar

Universitas Muhammadiyah Makassar, the University of Muhammadiyah Makassar, also known as Unismuh Makassar, is a private university in eastern Indonesia. As a private university, Unismuh Makassar is coordinated under Kopertis Wilayah IX, which is a government-funded institution that coordinates private higher education in Indonesia.
History.
Unismuh Makassar was founded on 19 June 1963 as a branch of Unismuh Jakarta. The establishment of the university was the result of the 21st meeting of Muhammadiyah Organization of South and South-East Sulawesi Chapters conducted in Bantaeng. As of 1 October 1965, Unismuh Makassar was officially declared as a registered private university.
Initially, Unismuh Makassar only had two faculties: the Faculty of Teacher Training and Education and the Faculty of "Tarbiyah" (instruction). As these two faculties were developed, branches were opened in other parts of the South Sulawesi islands, each of which are self-sufficient and under their own management. Following the success of Faculty of Education, other faculties were set up, including the Faculty of Social and Political Science, Faculty of Economic Study, Faculty of Technique, Faculty of Agriculture, Postgraduate Study Program, and Postgraduate Teaching Certificate Program.
Campus.
Unismuh Makassar has three campuses at different locations. The main building is located in the south of Makassar, and is built on of land. The university has more than 14,000 students studying different subjects.
Mission statement.
The mission statements of University of Muhammadiyah Makassar are:
Goals:
Academic system.
The University of Muhammadiyah Makassar provides higher education, research activities, and community services based on Islamic conduct with an emphasis on student self-sufficiency and entrepreneurship. The characteristics of the academics at the university is courses on Al-Islam and Kemuhammadiyaan, with the aim of preparing a religious scholar.
The courses offered consist of academic education and professional education. The former involves a first and second degree while the latter covers diploma program (D1, D2, D3 and D4).
The new academic year starts early in September and ends in June of the following year and is divided into two semesters. Each semester provides 16 active weeks of lectures, seminars, symposia, discussion, workshop, practicum and other scientific activities. The academic administration implements a system of semester credit. Although the curriculum used follows the National Curriculum, it also covers local content set up by the rector.
The evaluation and assessment of learning progress is conducted periodically through written examinations, assignments, and observations following an applicable regulation.
Study programs, human resources, and facilities.
Study programs.
University of Muhammadiyah Makassar offers the following study programs in various faculties:
Faculty of Teacher Training and Education (Bachelor of Education and Diploma)
Faculty of Agriculture (Bachelor of Agriculture)
Faculty of Engineering (Bachelor of Engineering)
Faculty of Economy (Bachelor of Economics)
Faculty of Social and Politics Studies (Bachelor of Social Studies)
Faculty of Islamics Studies (Bachelor of Islamic Studies and Diploma)
Faculty of Medical (doctor)
Postgraduate Programs
Human resources.
The academic staff of the University of Muhammadiyah Makassar consists of full-time and part-time lecturers, about 215 altogether. Fourteen of them hold a doctoral degree, 110 have a masters degree, and the rest of them hold a qualified first degree.
Facilities.
To support academic activities, the following facilities and services are provided:
Networking.
The University of Muhammadiyah Makassar has worked closely with many organizations nationally and internationally. The following are the organizations that had bilateral relationships with this university during 2005:

</doc>
<doc id="19300739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300739" title="Fai Chi Kei">
Fai Chi Kei

Fai Chi Kei () is a place located in the Our Lady of Fatima Parish of Macau. It was originally a sandbank near the peninsula. The area is bounded by Rua da Bacia Sul, Avenida Marginakl do Lam Mau, Rua da Doca Seca and Rua Sul do Patane.
History.
The quarter was constructed in there in 1932, then known as the “May 28th Houses” in commemoration of the Portuguese Reformation Day.
The two-storey buildings stood in two lines on top of rectangular foundations with chopsticks shape, hence the name is "Fai Chi Kei" in Cantonese.
Later, the original houses were rebuilt to become a cheap housing project surrounded by reclaimed land. Designed by Manuel Vicente, the complex was supposed to be four buildings, but instead two 6 storey complex were built with an inner courtyard.
Redevelopment.
The housing project has since disappeared and demolished to make way for The Praia, a large residential development.

</doc>
<doc id="19300740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300740" title="Peter Good">
Peter Good

Peter Good (date of birth unknown, died 12 June 1803) was the gardener assistant to botanist Robert Brown on the voyage of HMS "Investigator" under Matthew Flinders, during which the coast of Australia was charted, and various plants collected.
Biography.
Good had worked as a foreman at Kew Royal Gardens, during which time he had assisted botanist Christopher Smith in transporting a shipment of English plants to Calcutta. He was working as a kitchen gardener at Wemyss Castle, Scotland, when Joseph Banks offered him the appointment as gardener to Brown, at a salary of £105 a year.
The voyage.
Good made an extensive seed collection during the voyage, and also collected plant specimens for both his own and Brown's collections. He died during the voyage, and his plant collection was incorporated into Brown's. Brown immensely admired his work ethic, and named the plant genus "Goodia" in his honour. "Banksia goodii" (Good's Banksia) is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19300749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300749" title="HERAS-AF">
HERAS-AF

The HERASAF Project.
HERASAF is a well established open-source project hosted and supported by the University of Applied Sciences Rapperswil in Switzerland.
The project maintains three main targets:
All development and solutions in any area of these three targets are and will be built upon freely available, established and future driven technologies and standards. HERASAF's main focus relies on interoperability, expandability and exchangeability of high quality software artifacts.
HERASAF was founded in 2005 and is an official open source project since 2006. It is very well established since 2008.
By today the HERASAF XACML Core has become a comprehensive XACML engine representing the de facto reference implementation of XACML 2.0. HERASAF recommends every software architect or developer to use the HERASAF XACML Core instead of Sun's XACML Implementation.
All work delivered by HERASAF will always follow the same Credo that defines also the HERASAF project name.
"The HERASAF CREDO".
Holistic approach
HERASAF follows a holistic philosophy in all aspects of software engineering.
Enterprise Suitability and Readiness
HERASAF software components shall be adoptable as a non-intrusive framework, meaning that only minor changes have to be undertaken to integrate HERASAF software in an existing environment.
HERASAF software is designed explicitly for adaptability and extensibility.
The HERASAF API can be used to integrate corporate-specific components. These components simply need to use the extension points provided by HERASAF.
HERASAF uses established and validated standards. This way it is based on solid ground and open for extension in the future. Extensibility enhances interoperability and helps integrating HERASAF in existing or future infrastructures.
Application Security
HERASAF is focussing on application security. This could be development of frameworks for security implementation, development of components for security administration or research on holistic end-to-end security integration.
Architecture Framework
HERASAF delivers software components establishing a framework for building highly customizable and extensible architectures.

</doc>
<doc id="19300755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300755" title="RAF Stormy Down">
RAF Stormy Down

Royal Air Force Station Stormy Down, or more simply RAF Stormy Down is a former Royal Air Force station located near Pyle, Bridgend and opened in 1940. 
History.
It was an armament training school for the Royal Air Force (RAF) then after they departed the French took the station over and later American forces were also stationed at 'Stormy'. Flying ceased in August 1944 due to the dangerous grass landing strip. However the airfield continued to be used for occasional private aircraft and a glider club for a number of years. 
Stormy Down was the main base for the area and was directly connected to RAF St Athan using a long taxiway stretching around 30 miles from each other.
Current use.
The site is now used by Cenin Concrete Products Ltd, as a Research, Development & Production Centre. The site is also the operating base for Bridgend Motorcycle Training Centre. The site is also used for a weekly car boot sale. A proposal to site wind turbines on the disused airfield has been made and a solar energy facility built on the site. 

</doc>
<doc id="19300758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300758" title="George McClellan (New York)">
George McClellan (New York)

George McClellan (October 10, 1856 – February 20, 1927) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.
He was born in Schodack, New York on October 10, 1856; attended the public schools and the local academies at Spencertown and Chatham, New York; was graduated from the Albany Law School in 1880; was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Chatham; police justice for two terms; president of the Columbia County Agriculture Society for ten years; served as postmaster of Chatham; surrogate of Columbia County 1907-1913.
He was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-third Congress (March 4, 1913-March 3, 1915), and was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1914 to the Sixty-fourth Congress, and was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1920.
After his period in Congress, he resumed the practice of his profession in Chatham, New York; moved to Kinderhook, Columbia County, and died there February 20, 1927; interment in Nassau-Schodack Cemetery at Nassau, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19300760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300760" title="Nymet Rowland">
Nymet Rowland

Nymet Rowland is a small village, and parish of the same name, in central Devon, England, north of Dartmoor. It takes part of its name from "Nymet", the old name for the nearby River Yeo. It is located just to the west of Lapford and south of Nymet Bridge, within the Mid Devon local authority area. Historically it formed part of Winkleigh Hundred; today the North Tawton hundred. It falls within the Chulmleigh Deanery for ecclesiastical purposes.
Description.
Nymet Rowland has a 15th-century church (St. Bartholomew). Traces of the 12th-century church remain in the S. doorway, and in the crude font.
History.
Nymet Rowland achieved brief prominence in the 1870s as the home of the Cheritons (nicknamed by the media the "North Devon savages"), a farming family living under primitive conditions whose lifestyle caused national outrage.

</doc>
<doc id="19300772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300772" title="High Society (1924 film)">
High Society (1924 film)

High Society is a 1924 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 29th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19300782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300782" title="Westmoreland Street">
Westmoreland Street

Westmoreland Street is a street in the southern city-centre of Dublin, Ireland. 
Location.
It is one of the two broad avenues - along with D'Olier Street - that converge at their northern ends at O'Connell Bridge over the River Liffey. Westmoreland Street links the bridge to Trinity College at College Green at its southern end, from where traffic diverges between Grafton Street to the south and Dame Street to the west. Westmoreland Street also constitutes the eastern border of Temple Bar.
Naming and History.
The street is named after John Fane, 10th Earl of Westmorland, who was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland from 1789 to 1794.
Luas.
Westmoreland street will have a stop on the Luas Cross City line (northbound only). This line will link the Red and Green lines and go from Broombridge in North Dublin (interchange with Irish Rail station) and St.Stephen's Green present Green Line stop. Construction started in June 2013 with services expected to begin in 2017.. 

</doc>
<doc id="19300793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300793" title="Hilgard Peak">
Hilgard Peak

Hilgard Peak is the tallest mountain in the Madison Range in the U.S. state of Montana. The summit is located in a remote section of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness within the Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest. The peak was first climbed in 1948. The peak was named for E. W. Hilgard, a geology professor who served on the Hayden Expedition during its exploration of the Yellowstone area.

</doc>
<doc id="19300799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300799" title="Rudolph Palm">
Rudolph Palm

Rudolf Palm (Curaçao, 11 January 1880 – Curaçao, 11 September 1950) is a Curaçao born composer. 
Biography.
Rudolf Theodorus Palm is the grandson of Jan Gerard Palm (1831–1906) who is often referred to as the "father of Curaçao classical music". Like his cousin Jacobo Palm and his brother John Palm, at the age of seven Rudolf started to take lessons in music from his grandfather. Rudolf played several musical instruments such as piano, organ, saxophone, clarinet and flute. 
At the age of 19 Palm was appointed music director of the citizen’s guard orchestra in Curaçao. As an organist, Palm played for many years in the Jewish synagogue Emanu-El (1911–1950) and Mikvé Israel (1926–1928), the Protestant Fort Church (1902–1946) and the Lodge Igualdad (1903–1950) in Curaçao. Rudolf Palm also founded in 1901 his own music ensemble "Los Dispuestos", an orchestra consisting of about 20 musicians and some years later a sextet, called "Los seis". Rudolf Palm also played flute in the Curaçao Philharmonic Orchestra. 
Numerous students followed lessons in music from Rudolf Palm. His most talented students were his own sons the composers Albert Palm (1903–1958) and Edgar Palm (1905–1998) and his daughter Maria Henskes-Palm (1909–1979).
Compositions.
As a composer, Rudolf Palm wrote about 90 pieces for piano, consisting of 61 waltzes, 8 marches, 5 danzas, 8 tumbas, 2 mazurkas, 1 polka, 4 danzons, 1 paso doble and also the music for some songs. Several of his compositions were recorded on LP and later also on CD.
References.
http://books.caribseek.com/Curacao/

</doc>
<doc id="19300828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300828" title="National Orchid Garden">
National Orchid Garden

The National Orchid Garden, located within the Singapore Botanic Gardens, was opened on 20 October 1995 by Singapore's Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew.
The Singapore Botanic Gardens has been developed along a 3-Core Concept. The three Cores consist of Tanglin, which is the heritage core that retains the old favourites and rustic charms of the historic Gardens; Central, which is the tourist belt of the Gardens; and Bukit Timah, which is the educational and recreational zone. Each Core offers an array of attractions.
Visitor info.
The Garden is located on the highest hill in the Singapore Botanic Gardens. Providing a place for 60,000 orchid plants - consisting of 400 species and more than 2,000 hybrids - is the three hectares of carefully landscaped slopes.
The design concept presenting the display of plants in four separate color zones: the spring zone with its prevailing colours of bright and lively shades of gold, yellow and creams; the summer zone with its major tones of strong reds and pinks; the autumn zone of matured shades; and the winter zone of whites and cool blues. A careful combination of selected trees, shrubs, herbs and orchids (mostly hybrids) with matching foliage and floral colours depicts the colour combination.

</doc>
<doc id="19300832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300832" title="Txoko">
Txoko

A Txoko () is a typically Basque type of closed gastronomical society. Traditionally they are only open to male members who come together to cook, experiment with new ways of cooking, eat and socialize. They are very popular institutions; the town of Gernika, Spain, for example, has approximately 15,000 inhabitants and nine txokos with some 700 members in total.
Name.
"Txoko", a diminutive form of "zoko", literally means "nook, cosy corner" in Basque. In some regions, the variant "xoko" is used. In Spanish, they are called "sociedades gastronómicas", in French "sociétés gastronomiques".
History.
The first record of a txoko goes back to 1870 in San Sebastián, Spain, from where they spread outwards geographically in all directions. They are a modern development of originally informal groups of friends who would regularly meet to eat, drink, sing, and talk.
During the Franco years, txokos became increasingly popular as they were one of the few places where Basques could legally meet without state control, speak Basque and sing Basque songs as the constitution of the txokos prohibited the discussion of politics on the premises.
Setting up a txoko.
Normally, a txoko is set up by a group of friends who decide to set up a society. Once enough founding members have been found, they rent a local restaurant or in some cases, buy an appropriate location and equipment. Normally these are premises in a basement with a kitchen or, in more affluent societies, at ground level. They are funded communally from the outset.
Members pay a monthly membership fee which varies from society to society and the exact setup. A treasurer, administrator and buyer are usually nominated who oversee the administration of the txoko. Usually, someone outside the society is hired to deal with the cleaning. 
Each txoko has a society constitution that sets out things like the maximum number of members, administration issues and so on. Curiously, most traditional txokos have a clause in their constitution that prohibits the discussion of politics on the premises. Some very conservative txokos have clauses that do not permit women access to the txoko at all such as the "Sociedad Gaztelubide" in San Sebastián which goes back to 1933. However, most txokos today allow women access to enter the txoko to eat, drink and socialize, but not to cook.
Because the number of members is fixed, there are usually long waiting lists, and vacancies in existing txokos become available only sporadically.
Running a txoko.
Since a txoko typically can have up to 80 members but space for less than that, usually not all members use the txoko at the same time. Someone will normally arrange for a smaller group of friends to get together to cook dinner for themselves, their families or guests.
Such a group then "books" the txoko, buys, collects, harvests, hunts, or fishes for fresh ingredients and gets together to prepare the meal. Each member has free access to the txoko's communal stocks. Every individual is responsible to record items such as food and drink that have been used from the communal stocks for themselves or their personal guests and pay for them. This system is fully self-regulated.
A few times a year, all txoko members are invited to get together which occasionally leads to space problems, but it is rare for all members of a txoko to meet at the same time. The ratio between txoko members and guests can vary greatly. At the very least, one txoko member must be present at a dinner but since members are free to invite as many guests as they wish, they may on occasion be the only member present if they are holding a dinner for their football club, extended family, a business dinner, etc.
Impact on Basque cuisine.
The development of txokos has had a significant impact on Basque cuisine. Many traditional dishes have been rescued or resurrected by txokos which would have otherwise died out. They have also influenced the development of new dishes as txoko members frequently experiment with new dishes, ingredients and methods, or variations of existing dishes. They are also places where information on the best and cheapest ingredients available is exchanged. This in turn has led to Basque cuisine being both highly refined and affordable.

</doc>
<doc id="19300856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300856" title="The Sun Down Limited">
The Sun Down Limited

The Sun Down Limited is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 30th "Our Gang" short subject released. The film was remade in 1929 as "Railroadin"'.
Plot.
The gang build their own railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19300874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300874" title="Alexander Gordon Cameron">
Alexander Gordon Cameron

Alexander Gordon Cameron (1876 – 30 May 1944) was a British trades unionist and Labour Party politician.
Cameron was born in Oban, Argyll, and served his apprenticeship as a joiner in Glasgow. On becoming a journeyman he moved to London, where he became an active member of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, becoming the union's shipping delegate in 1912, and assistant general secretary in 1915, and general secretary in 1919. When the ASC&J became part of the Amalgamated Society of Woodworkers in 1921, Cameron was its first general secretary. 
He was nominated by his union as a parliamentary candidate for the Independent Labour Party. After failing to become the prospective candidate for Glasgow Camlachie in 1908, and the ASC&J declined an invitation to sponsor him as candidate for Coventry in the following year. He stood unsuccessfully at Liverpool Kirkdale at the January 1910 general election and again at a by-election later in the year. In the December 1910 general election he was defeated at Jarrow, where Labour lost to the Liberals.
In 1914 Cameron was elected to the executive of the Labour Party, a position he was to retain for many years. In 1917 he was appointed by the Coalition Government to be a one of the Scottish members of the "Commission on Industrial Unrest". In 1918 he again failed to be elected to parliament, this time at Woolwich West.
In 1920 Cameron was part of the Labour Party delegation to the Second International in Geneva. He was elected chair of the Labour Party for 1920/21. In 1925 ill health led to his resigning from his posts as representative to the Socialist International and general secretary of the woodworkers' union.
At the 1929 general election Cameron finally succeeded in being elected, becoming MP for Widnes. He was however defeated at the next election in 1931 when there was a large swing against Labour.
Cameron retired from politics, and at the time of his death in a London hospital aged 67 in 1944, was described as a building contractor.

</doc>
<doc id="19300876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300876" title="Empath (disambiguation)">
Empath (disambiguation)

Empath may refer to:
An empath is a person who has an acute or highly developed sense of empathy. In paranormal and some works of science fiction and fantasy, highly developed empathy is a paranormal or psychic ability to sense the emotions of others. It is distinguished from telepathy, which allows one to perceive thoughts as well. Occasionally empaths are also able to project their own emotions, or to affect the emotions of others.
The empath's power includes being able to feel another's emotions, and sometimes react to those emotions the way the person actually feeling would. This power does include sometimes projecting the emotions to others. Female empaths are more common, but rarely male empaths have been found. The females are more adept to this power and can control it better, while the males take longer to learn it. This power has been known to take over and cloud the emotions of an empath, leading to seclusion. Only a few empaths are known to be able to control their power fully.

</doc>
<doc id="19300893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300893" title="Sparta Lwów">
Sparta Lwów

LKS Sparta Lwów was a football club based in Lwów, Poland (present day Lviv in Ukraine). The club was formed in 1910. It was disbanded in September 1939 after the Soviets occupied Eastern Poland. Sparta reached the final of the Polish Cup in 1926 losing to Wisła Kraków 1:2.

</doc>
<doc id="19300910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300910" title="Katharina Gierok">
Katharina Gierok

Katharina Gierok (born February 20, 1992 in Krefeld, Germany) is a German pair skater. With former partner Florian Just, she is the 2011 German national bronze medalist. She previously competed in single skating and is the 2006–2007 German Junior national bronze medalist.
Career.
Gierok initially competed as a single skater. She made her senior debut during the 2007-2008 season, winning the 2008 NRW Trophy in Dortmund, Germany and placing 10th at the German Figure Skating Championships. After winning the third and final Junior Worlds Qualifier in Oberstdorf and being nominated as first alternate for the 2008 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, she had to end the season to undergo knee surgery. The German Skating Federation admitted Gierok to the German Junior Team for the season 2008 / 2009. This was the third season she was part of the DC Team envelope. 
In spring 2010, she switched to pair skating, partnering with Florian Just. Karel Fajfr coaches the pair. They won silver at NRW Trophy and bronze at Warsaw Cup. At 2011 German Nationals, they won the bronze medal and were selected to compete at the European Championships. They finished 11th in their debut at the event, with a combined total of 118.06 points. Gierok and Just ended their partnership at the end of the 2011-12 season.
Programs.
With Just

</doc>
<doc id="19300914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300914" title="Mowry">
Mowry

Mowry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19300923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300923" title="Every Man for Himself (1924 film)">
Every Man for Himself (1924 film)

Every Man For Himself is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 31st "Our Gang" short subject released.
Plot.
The Gang is running a combination athletic club and shoe-shine emporium.
Notes.
Farina seems to be depicted as a little boy in this film, rather than a little girl.
The paint-on-the-shoes gag is a repeat from the 1923 "Our Gang" short "A Pleasant Journey".

</doc>
<doc id="19300963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300963" title="Bokhim">
Bokhim

Bokhim is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3438 persons living in 618 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19300970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300970" title="Boya, Nepal">
Boya, Nepal

Boya is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4107 persons living in 447 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19300977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300977" title="Champe">
Champe

Champe is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2974 persons living in 561 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19300981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300981" title="Changre">
Changre

Changre is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3344 persons living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19300999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300999" title="Charambi">
Charambi

Charambi is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3331 persons living in 604 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301008" title="Chaukidada">
Chaukidada

Chaukidada is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2307 persons living in 460 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301018" title="James McConnell (disambiguation)">
James McConnell (disambiguation)

James McConnell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301023" title="Chhinamukh">
Chhinamukh

Chhinamukh is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3375 persons living in 639 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301026" title="Afternoon (disambiguation)">
Afternoon (disambiguation)

Afternoon is that time of day from 1:00 PM and 5:00 PM. 
Afternoon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301028" title="Robert Macfarlan">
Robert Macfarlan

Robert Bruce Scott Macfarlan (born 22 November 1949) is a judge of the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, the highest court in the State of New South Wales, Australia, which forms part of the Australian court hierarchy.
Education.
Macfarlan was educated at Cranbrook School. He subsequently graduated in Arts and Law (with first class honours) from the University of Sydney.
Career.
From 1972-76, Macfarlan worked as a solicitor at Sydney law firm Blake Dawson Waldron.
Macfarlan came to the bar in 1976 and was made Queen's Counsel in 1986. He served as a Member of the Administrative Decisions Tribunal from 1999-2008 and as a Member of the Legal Services Tribunal from 1994-99.
In September 2008, Macfarlan was appointed to the NSW Court of Appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="19301030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301030" title="Dalgaun">
Dalgaun

Dalgaun is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2412 persons living in 521 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301037" title="Coulombi Egg Tanker">
Coulombi Egg Tanker

The Coulombi Egg Tanker is a design that is aimed at reducing oil spills. It was designed by Anders Björkman. It was approved by IMO as an alternative to the double hull concept. The United States Coast Guard does not allow this design to enter US waters, effectively preventing it from being built.
Concept.
The design is an enhanced Mid-Deck Tanker and consists of a series of centre and wing tanks that are divided by horizontal bulkheads. The upper wing tanks form ballast tanks and act as emergency receiver tanks for cargo should the lower tanks be fractured. The lower tanks are connected to these ballast tanks by non-return valves.
When a lower tank is damaged, the incoming sea water pushes the oil in the damaged tank up into the ballast tank. Because of the hydrostatic pressure, there is an automatic transfer out of the damaged tank.
Advantages.
The double-hull design is aimed at the probability of zero outflow. In low energy casualties where only the outside hull is penetrated, this will be the case. However, in high energy casualties both hulls are penetrated. As the tanks of a double hull tanker are larger than those of MARPOL-tankers and preMARPOL-tankers and the height of the cargo above the water line is higher, the resulting spill can be much larger than these single hull designs. In the Coulombi Egg design spillage is greatly reduced, possibly to zero.
Where a double hull VLCC has a ballast tank coated area of about 225,000 m³, in a Coulombi Egg tanker this area is reduced to 66,000 m³. This reduces maintenance and corrosion risks, which otherwise may result in structural failure, as was the case with the "Erika" and "Prestige".

</doc>
<doc id="19301040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301040" title="Amsterdam Amstel railway station">
Amsterdam Amstel railway station

Amsterdam Amstel is a railway station in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 October 1939. It is located south east of the station Amsterdam Centraal. The station is used by Nederlandse Spoorwegen (trains) and GVB (metros).
Train services.
The following trains call at Amsterdam Amstel:
Metro Services.
Amsterdam Metro lines 51, 53 and 54 call at Amstelstation.
The metro station is only accessible with an OV-chipkaart or GVB Travel Pass.
Tram Service.
GVB operates one tram service from Amstel:
Bus services.
City services.
These services are operated by GVB.
Regional services.
These services are operated by Connexxion, as part of the R-Net network.
Eurolines.
The Amsterdam Eurolines coach terminal is located next to the railway station. 

</doc>
<doc id="19301049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301049" title="Deurali, Kosi">
Deurali, Kosi

Deurali is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5367 persons living in 1052 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301056" title="Fast Company (1924 film)">
Fast Company (1924 film)

Fast Company is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 32nd "Our Gang" short subject released.
Plot.
Mickey trades places with a little rich boy, who is staying at a ritzy hotel. Mayhem ensues when the gang invades the hotel to look for Mickey and discover the snooty society ladies, a mischievous monkey, and a fireworks salesman. Later, the gang dress up as cannibals and organize a mock-tribal ritual.
Notes.
Although Ernest Morrison and Jack Davis had both left the gang prior to a majority of this film's production, they were brought back, but only for this film.
In this "Our Gang" short, Farina has completed his transformation into a boy. Mary is not a part of the gang in this film, but a little rich girl staying at the hotel.
"Fast Company" started out under the direction of Charles Parrott, aka Charley Chase, but was delayed when Chase was called away on business to Hal Roach’s New York office. The uncompleted film was picked up months later by director Robert F. McGowan, who completed it. 
Later released on the "Mischief Makers" TV series as "The Big Switch".

</doc>
<doc id="19301073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301073" title="Suntrana, Alaska">
Suntrana, Alaska

Suntrana is an unincorporated community in eastern Denali Borough, Alaska, United States.
It lies along the George Parks Highway south of the city of Anderson, the county seat of Denali Borough, and on the northeastern edge of Denali National Park and Preserve. Its elevation is 1,463 feet (446 m). Located along the right bank of the Healy River, Suntrana lies 3½ miles (5½ km) east of Healy. The population was 61 at the 1930 census.
The town and mine at Suntrana no longer exist, the site of company housing is now reforested, no remains of the mine, power house or old tipple complex remains.

</doc>
<doc id="19301080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301080" title="Dewantar">
Dewantar

Dewantar is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3800 persons living in 685 individual households.
External links.
Dewantar gaun bikash samitee consists of 9 ward numbers as follows:
1= Dewantar
2= Sanguri
3= Hardila
4= Basaigaun
5= Sepi khamtang and sabok
6= Bratang
7= Radhun
8= Bayang
9= Pasalbhanjyang

</doc>
<doc id="19301093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301093" title="Dhodalekhani">
Dhodalekhani

Dhodalekhani is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2412 persons living in 455 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301103" title="Abdul Samad Ismail">
Abdul Samad Ismail

Abdul Samad Ismail (18 April 19244 September 2008), who often went by the moniker Pak Samad, was a Malaysian journalist, writer and editor.
Early life.
Samad was born on 18 April 1924, in Singapore to Javanese immigrant parents, where he also attended Victoria School. He completed a Senior Cambridge certificate as a cub reporter at the daily newspaper, "Utusan Melayu", where he began his career in journalism in 1940.
Career.
During the Japanese occupation of Malaya during World War II, Samad worked for the Japanese-supported newspaper, "Berita Malai". He became editor of "Berita Malai" when he was just 21 years old. The British, who controlled Malaysia during the colonial era, returned following the Japanese defeat and briefly imprisoned Samad. He was released after a short time and returned to work at the "Utusan Melayu". 
Samad wrote extensively in support of Malaysian independence from the United Kingdom. He often met with the Malay supporters of independence, as well as the separatists who were against Dutch rule in nearby Indonesia. For his actions, Samad was arrested by the British authorities again in 1951. He was released from prison in 1953 and again returned to work at "Utusan Melayu".
Samad founded the People's Action Party (PAP) with Lee Kuan Yew, the future Prime Minister of Singapore. However, disagreements between Samad and both Lee and the "Utusan Melayu" resulted in his move to the city of Kuala Lumpur. While in Kuala Lumpur, Samad became the head of the "Berita Harian" newspaper and the managing editor of the New Straits Times Press (NSTP) group.
Samad promoted several social causes within his writing in post-independence Malaysia. He drew attention to social inequalities within Malaysian society, called for the national standardization of the Malay language and reported on the sometimes complex relationship between race and Malaysian politics.
For his writings on social issues, which were popular with the public, Samad was arrested in 1976 under the Internal Security Act. He was finally released from prison five years later in 1981.
Samad rejoined the New Straits Times Press group following his release from prison as an editorial adviser. He retired from full-time journalism in 1988.
Awards.
He was honoured for his contribution in 1992 by the King of Malaysia, who at the time was Sultan Azlan Shah of Perak. Samad also separately received the Pejuang Sastera (Literature Champion) for literature and journalism.
He was also awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Journalism, Literature and Creative Communications Arts in 1994 for his efforts in support of Malaysian independence, democratic nation building and Malay cultural revival in Malaysia.
Death.
Samad died quietly on the evening 4 September 2008, at Pantai Medical Centre in Kuala Lumpur. He succumbed from a severe lung infection and kidney failure at the age of 84. Prior to this, he had been hospitalized in the intensive care unit since 24 August 2008, due to breathing difficulties.
Lee Kuan Yew sent his condolences to Samad's son, describing him as able and shrewd though with an innate ability to accept changed realities. In the condolence letter, Lee said that they were friends even though they had parted company politically. When Samad wanted to visit his family in Singapore, Lee had recommended that the entry ban on Samad be lifted.
Samad was survived by his children (whom he had with his first wife, Hamidah Hassan), as well as his grandchildren & great grandchildren. He had ten children during his life, eight of whom are still living. He had two sons, Hamed and Kamal, and daughters Maria, Norlin, Nuraina, Norazah, Nurazlin and Nurazrina. Maria and Nuraina (http://nursamad.blogspot.com) are former journalists and are active bloggers. 
He was buried at the Muslim cemetery in Bukit Kiara, where Hamidah was also buried.

</doc>
<doc id="19301105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301105" title="UEFA European Championship mascot">
UEFA European Championship mascot

The UEFA European Football Championship has featured mascots since 1980. The very first mascot was "Pinocchio", for the UEFA Euro 1980 in Italy. Since then, every tournament has had a mascot except for the UEFA Euro 2008, which had two. The mascots are mostly targeted at children, with cartoon shows and other merchandise released to coincide with the competition.
List of mascots.
There have been a total of nine mascots (a duo was featured in 2008) in the eight tournaments since 1980:

</doc>
<doc id="19301106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301106" title="Dobhane">
Dobhane

Dobhane is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4760 persons living in 860 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301118" title="Polonia Cernăuţi">
Polonia Cernăuţi

PKF Polonia Cernăuţi was a Polish football club based in the Romanian city of Cernăuţi (Czerniowce), (now Chernivtsi in Ukraine). The club became the champion of Bukovina in 1926. Polonia Cernăuţi played three seasons in the Romanian Top division:
In 1940, when the Soviets invaded Bukovina, the club was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19301125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301125" title="Armand Joseph Dubernad">
Armand Joseph Dubernad

Armand Joseph Dubernad was born 23 November 1741, in Bayonne. He died 9 May 1799, in Morlaix.
Armand Joseph Dubernad was a merchant, a French and Spanish financier, Consul general of the Holy Roman Empire, deputy, mayor, and cofounder of the first Jacobin Club of Brittany.
Biography.
Dubernard was the son of a middle-class man of Bayonne. But, his family originally came from La Bastide-Clairence and before that from Laplume, in the north of Gascony.
Before the Revolution.
Before the French revolution started, Armand Joseph Dubernad traded with China, Europe, Eastern and Western Indies, with Morlaix, Seville and Cadiz. He was one of the principal shareholders of the bank of Saint-Charles and various companies which finance great work and contribute to reduce the Spanish debt. His close cousin, the count François Cabarrus, was Minister of king Charles III of Spain. His cousins, the Lesseps, his father-in-law, his brother-in-law and his brother are diplomatic wealthy persons. Dubernad also plays a part of precursor in the field of marine insurance.
During the Revolution.
In 1788, he was appointed deputy of the Third Estate in Rennes, then appointed Sénéchaussée of Morlaix. In 1789, Armand Joseph Dubernad is listed among the writers of the "Cahiers de Doléances" (= Register of grievances) of the city. In 1790, he is the cofounder of the first Jacobin Club of Brittany, of which he became president.
During The Terror, Armand Joseph Dubernad rebuilt one of the castles of the wife of Philippe Egalité, "La Bourdaisière", near from Montlouis destroyed following a whim of Etienne François de Choiseul.
After Thermidor, in the night of the 14 to 15 Vendémiaire An IV (6 October to 7th, 1795), a poster is placarded with Morlaix, denouncing Dubernad as an "aristocrat, royalist and banker of Charette". It was signed by the brother of the Général Moreau and by others former prisoners of the revolutionary jails.
Dubernad died in 1799, almost ruined because of the English blockade, and loans to help the poor or to finance the revolutionary festivals.
The family.
His father-in-law and then his brother-in-law, Jean and Gaspard Lannux de La Chaume are Consuls of Spain in France, before the Revolution. His son married the daughter of Michel Behic, niece of the first French constitutional bishop, Louis-Alexandre Expilly de la Poipe, and also sister-in-law of the brother of the Général Moreau.
Armand Joseph Dubernad is Consul general of the Holy Roman Empire in Morlaix. His brother, Salvat du Bernad, in the same time, is before the French Revolution, a rich trader and a very important financier of Seville and the Consul of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany in France and Spain. But, his brother will be imprisoned as of the entry in war of the Spain to have supposedly wanted to set fire to the manufacture of the tobaccos of Seville. During the Peninsular War, he will be the consular agent of France, in Seville until in 1812.
His granddaughter, Françoise Gaudelet d'Armenonville will marry Auguste de Rambaud, who is the son of Agathe de Rambaud, then in her second marriage to the count Amédée d'Allonville.
His grandson, the captain Henry Dubernad is the nephew of the French Vice Admiral Jacques Bergeret. In 1796, his uncle, Bergeret, as captain of the frigate 'La Virginie', was captured by Sir Edward Pellew in the "Indefatigable". An English offer to exchange him for Sir Sidney Smith was refused by the French. On Smith's escape in 1798, Bergeret was sent home unconditionally by the English.

</doc>
<doc id="19301127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301127" title="Dummana">
Dummana

Dummana is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4331 persons living in 731 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301139" title="Gogane, Kosi">
Gogane, Kosi

Gogane is a Village Development Committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2283 persons residing in 415 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301140" title="The Mysterious Mystery!">
The Mysterious Mystery!

The Mysterious Mystery! is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 33rd "Our Gang" short subject released.
Notes.
This is Pineapple Jackson's first appearance in "Our Gang".

</doc>
<doc id="19301179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301179" title="Gupteshwor">
Gupteshwor

Gupteshwor is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2232 persons living in 418 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301187" title="Hasanpur, Nepal">
Hasanpur, Nepal

Hasanpur is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2277 persons living in 421 individual households.
External links.
mangparang

</doc>
<doc id="19301190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301190" title="Nabesna, Alaska">
Nabesna, Alaska

Nabesna ("Nabaesna’" in Ahtna) is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in northern Valdez-Cordova Census Area, Alaska, United States, in the northern part of the Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve. It lies along a gravel road that connects it to the Tok Cut-Off at Slana. Its elevation is 2,979 feet (908 m). Founded by and named for the Nabesna Mining Company, the community received a post office in 1909. Located at the base of White Mountain in the Wrangell Mountains, it lies west of the Nabesna River. According to the 2010 Census, there were five people residing at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="19301197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301197" title="Helauchha">
Helauchha

Helauchha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4034 persons living in 725 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301209" title="Homtang">
Homtang

Homtang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6064 persons living in 1210 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19301212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301212" title="The Big Town (1925 film)">
The Big Town (1925 film)

The Big Town is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 34th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Cast.
The Gang
Adults

</doc>
<doc id="19301217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301217" title="Father Time (album)">
Father Time (album)

Father Time is the title of a studio album from country music artist Hal Ketchum. The album was released on September 9, 2008 on Asylum-Curb Records. It is the followup to 2007's "One More Midnight", which was only released in the United Kingdom. "Father Time" is composed of fourteen new songs that were recorded in Curb Studios. "Jersey Girl", a cover of the Tom Waits song, is the only track on the album that Ketchum did not write or co-write.
The album failed to enter any "Billboard" chart, or an International chart. No singles were released from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19301224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301224" title="MTV Africa Music Awards">
MTV Africa Music Awards

The MTV Africa Music Awards with Airtel (also known as the MAMAs) were established in 2008 by MTV Networks Africa to celebrate the most popular music in Africa.
History.
Originally African artists were awarded an MTV Europe Music Award voted by MTV base Africa viewers for Best African artist in the 2006 and 2007 MTV Europe Music Awards. The first awards show was held at the Velodrome, Abuja in Nigeria on 22 November 2008 and was broadcast around the world on November 29 in conjunction with Airtel and local television channels in Africa. The show was hosted by Trevor Nelson. The awards were preceded by four concerts celebrating the musicians nominated for the awards. There were concerts featuring international and local nominees, which took place in Johanesburg, South Africa on November 5, Nairobi, Kenya on November 9, the Democratic Republic of the Congo on November 13 and Lagos, Nigeria on November 15, 2008. The Award categories included Artist of the Year, Best Alternative, Best Female, Best Group, Best Hip-Hop, Best Live Performance, Best Male, Best New Act, Best R&B, Video of the Year and the MY Video Award which allows viewers to make their own version of a music video. The MTV Africa Music Awards with Airtel was conceived and created by the SVP and MD of the Network in Africa, Alex Okosi (the man behind the launch of MTV into Africa in 2005) The 2009 event was hosted by Nairobi, Kenya at the Moi International Sports Centre, On the 10th of October 2009 and will Broadcast on the 17th of October 2009 on MTV base Africa. The 2010 MTV Africa Music Awards with Airtel saw MTV change some award categories to better reflect the music of the entire continent, hence creating awards for Best Anglophone, Best Lusophone and Best Francophone artists. The 2010 Awards will take place at the Eko Expo Hall, Lagos on 11 December 2010 and will broadcast around the world on MTV media platforms including MTV base (DStv Channel 322)and partner stations in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19301225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301225" title="White-fronted water snake">
White-fronted water snake

The white-fronted water snake ("Amphiesma flavifrons") is a nonvenomous colubrid. 
Description.
Adults are about 54 cm (21 inches) in total length, of which about 18 cm (7 inches) is tail. Body slender; midbody scales 19, keeled; ventrals 149–157; subcaudals 92–101; dorsum olive-grey, with darker markings; a distinctive white to yellowish-cream spot on snout.
Habitat and Behavior.
It is frequently encountered in rivers in the plains and midhills, seen swimming with its head held out of water. 
Diet.
Its diet includes frog eggs, tadpoles and frogs. 
Reproduction.
Nothing is known about its reproductive biology. 
Geographic range.
"Amphiesma flavifrons" is endemic to Borneo. It has been found in Brunei, Sabah and Sarawak.

</doc>
<doc id="19301230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301230" title="The Big Town">
The Big Town

The Big Town may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301251" title="2008–09 KFC Twenty20 Big Bash">
2008–09 KFC Twenty20 Big Bash

The 2008–09 KFC Twenty20 Big Bash was the 4th season of the official Twenty20 domestic cricket competition in Australia. Six teams representing six states in Australia participated in the competition. The competition began on 26 December 2008 when the Queensland Bulls took on the New South Wales Blues at the Brisbane Cricket Ground (Gabba).
This season comprised 15 regular matches, a preliminary final and a final, the same as was in the 2007–08 season except with the addition of the preliminary final.
Table.
Teams received 2 points for a win, 1 for a tie or no result, and 0 for a loss. The teams ranked two and three played each other at the home venue of the team ranked two, for the right to play the first placed team in a final at the venue of the first placed team. In the event of several teams finishing with the same number of points, standings were determined by most wins, then most wins among the teams concerned, then net run rate (NRR).
The two teams that made the final have qualified for the 2nd edition of the Twenty20 Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="19301283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301283" title="Rudolf Schmid (bishop)">
Rudolf Schmid (bishop)

Rudolf Schmid (26 June 1914 – 24 June 2012) was a German prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Schmid was born in Schiers, Switzerland in 1914 and was ordained a priest on 26 June 1938, his 24th birthday, with the Augsburg Diocese. He was chaplain in Murnau until 1945. Then he was chaplain in Augsbirg, together with Josef Stimpfle, who was Bishop of Augsburg since 1963. He was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of the Augsburg Diocese on 3 January 1972; he was ordained on 25 March 1972 Titular Bishop of Dionysiana. Schmid retired from his position of Auxiliary Bishop of Augsburg on 11 July 1990 because of his age.
Schmid died on 24 June 2012, two days short of his 98th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19301286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301286" title="Peter J. Bentley">
Peter J. Bentley

Dr Peter John Bentley (born 16 May 1972) is a British author and computer scientist based at University College London.
Peter J. Bentley is an Honorary Reader and College Fellow at UCL and a Collaborating Professor at KAIST. He is also a popular science author and consultant. He is a contributing editor for WIRED UK and was the monthly host of the Royal Institution's cafe scientifique.
Born in Colchester, England, he achieved a B.Sc. in Artificial Intelligence from the University of Essex (supervised by Edward Tsang) and a Ph.D. in Evolutionary Design (supervised by Jonathan Wakefield) at the age of 24. His doctorate thesis was entitled "Generic Evolutionary Design of Solid Objects using a Genetic Algorithm."
Since 1997 he has performed research into evolutionary computation, artificial life, swarm intelligence, artificial immune systems, artificial neural networks and other types of biologically inspired computing, which he terms "Digital Biology." He is head of the Digital Biology Interest Group at the Department of Computer Science, University College London. He participates in science festivals and public events, such as the debate on Complexity and Evolution held at the Natural History Museum in July 2007 with Richard Dawkins, Steve Jones (biologist), Lewis Wolpert. His research has been described in several articles of New Scientist. His recent research focuses on morphological computation and novel architectures designed for natural computation based on evolution, developmental and self-assembling systems.
He received extensive publicity for his iPhone application iStethoscope, which was developed in collaboration with cardiologists in USA. The app has been used to gather heart sounds from people around the world in a research project to enable computers to diagnose heart disease automatically using machine learning.
Most recently he cofounded the online marketplace Kazoova Ltd which specialises in quirky and unusual activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19301329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301329" title="Homicide and Serious Crime Command">
Homicide and Serious Crime Command

The Homicide and Serious Crime Command (SCD 1) is an Operational Command Unit of the Metropolitan Police responsible for the investigation of homicide and other serious crimes in London. Most of their work is carried out by Murder Investigation Teams, of which there is one for each borough.
In additional to the MITs, there are also five city-wide units:

</doc>
<doc id="19301330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301330" title="Muottas Muragl">
Muottas Muragl

Muottas Muragl is a minor summit situated near St. Moritz in Switzerland. It is accessible by funicular railway from a train station between Samedan-St. Moritz and Pontresina on the Bernina Express line. 

</doc>
<doc id="19301349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301349" title="Max Cryer">
Max Cryer

John Maxwell "Max" Cryer, , is a New Zealand television producer and presenter, radio broadcaster, entertainment producer, singer, cabaret performer and author.
Biography.
John Maxwell "Max" Cryer, MBE, is a New Zealand television producer and presenter, radio broadcaster, entertainment producer, singer, cabaret performer and author.
Cryer was educated in Vienna, Italy, and New Zealand, and holds a Master's degree with Honours in Language and Literature. His professional career began onstage at Sadlers Wells Opera, London, with appearances on BBC and Wigmore Hall. His performing activity then widened to include musical theatre, recording, television and cabaret. In 1969 a Hollywood agency contracted him for ten years as an entertainer, leading to fifteen tours of USA appearing in San Francisco, Miami, Chicago, Los Angeles and Las Vegas.
In New Zealand, Max Cryer was the country’s first TV quizmaster and subsequently made over 300 appearances on television as entertainer, and hosted twelve different TV series including NZ’s first live talk-variety show "Town Cryer."
As a singer he recorded long-playing albums with his “singing children” and his stage roles include Henry Higgins in "My Fair Lady," the King in "The King and I," Count Danilo in "The Merry Widow" and Prince Orlovsky in "Die Fledermaus." 
Cryer was Chairman for the Oxford Union debating team ( 1975), joined TVNZ in 1977 as producer and for the next ten years produced University Challenge NZ and Mastermind NZ, (including Mastermind International for the BBC). For ten years he was columnist in the ‘NZ Herald’ and ‘The NZ Womans Weekly,’ was drama reviewer for the ‘Sunday Star Times’ and a judge of the Watties (NZ Post) Book Awards(1981).
The New Zealand Government seconded him to direct all New Zealand entertainment for the World Expo 1988 (Brisbane) and World Expo 1992 (Seville) where he organised and supervised over 1000 Māori musical and cultural performances, and became repertoire co-ordinator for Dame Kiri Te Kanawa's best-selling recording of Māori music.
From 1997 his weekly radio session (now on Radio Live) answers listeners' questions on the English language. 
His awards include New Zealand Entertainer of the Year, the Variety Artists’ Club’s ‘Benny Award’, the 1990 Commemoration Medal for services to New Zealand, and in 1995 - Member of the Order of the British Empire for services to entertainment. 
Cryer appears as narrator with the country’s orchestras, and as MC for visiting notables ( Prince Charles, Charlton Heston, Countess Mountbatten) and occasionally still performs his one-man show “The Max Factor.” 
Now a full-time writer, he has topped the NZ non-fiction best-seller list three times ( 2001; 2002; 2012), and besides New Zealand his books have been published in Australia, United Kingdom, Italy, America, Germany and Russia. 
Bibliography
Town Cryer (Collins, Auckland, 1978) 
The Mastermind Quiz Book ( BCNZ Enterprises,1985)
New Zealand Day by Day (Harper Moa Beckett, 1988) 
Curious Questions (Harper Collins 2001)
Curious Kiwi Words (Harper Collins 2002)
Curious Thoughts (Harper Collins 2002)
More Curious Questions ( Harper Collins, 2003)
Hear Our Voices, We Entreat (Exisle 2004)
Max Vocab, with Cherie Brown ( Harcourt Education, 2004)
Cat Miscellany (Blake Publishing 2005) 
The Godzone Dictionary (Exisle 2006)
Love Me Tender (Exisle 2008)
Who Said That First (Exisle 2010)
Preposterous Proverbs (Exisle 2011) 
Curious ( Exisle, 2012)
Every Dog Has its Day ( Exisle, 2013)
It Ain’t Necessarily So ( Exisle 2014)
References
1.^ London Gazette (supplement), No. 53894, 30 December 1994. 
2.^ "Variety Artists Club of NZ Benny Award Information and Recipients".
Town Cryer (Collins, Auckland, 1978) ISBN 0-00-216934-7 
Who’s Who in New Zealand',' edited by Max Lambert (1991, Reed, Wellington, 12th edn) 
External links
Max Cryer at Speakers New Zealand

</doc>
<doc id="19301362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301362" title="AppleCare">
AppleCare

AppleCare is the hardware warranty and support service offered by Apple Inc. It comes included as standard with all products, offering limited hardware warranty along with phone/Internet support on its products. Additional purchase of an AppleCare Protection Plan extends both the hardware and support cover, depending on the device for which it is purchased.
AppleCare.
AppleCare covers both global parts and labor repair coverage for the device, along with phone/Internet technical support for questions about Apple hardware and software.
All Apple hardware products come with included AppleCare as standard on purchase of an Apple product. For all hardware devices this means telephone/Internet support for 90 days, along with the hardware warranty usually covering the device for one year.
The hardware warranty generally covers the device and included accessories such as the power adapter, battery, cables, Apple-supplied memory (RAM), Apple USB SuperDrive (for MacBook Pro with Retina Display, MacBook Air, and Mac Mini only), Apple displays (purchased at same time as a Mac), and AirPort Express Base Station, AirPort Extreme Base Station, or Time Capsule (the AirPort device or Time Capsule must be purchased up to two years "before" a Mac purchase or "during the term" of the AppleCare Protection Plan coverage).
For Macs, the included software support currently includes: OS X; iLife; iWork; and connecting to printers and AirPort networks. For Mac computers running OS X Server, support covers server administration and network management issues using the graphical user interface of OS X Server. For iPods and iOS devices, included software support currently includes iOS and iCloud; iTunes syncing; downloading from the iTunes Store; HD video recording and FaceTime; connecting to Wi-Fi networks; using Apple-branded iOS apps.
Other Apple accessories each have their individual similar precise cover inclusions and exclusions.
If the Apple device requiring service is carried-in to a retail Apple Store and needs fixing, the product can typically be repaired on-site, which often means a much reduced turnaround time; often same-day repair. Currently Apple recommend the user reserve a Genius Bar appointment before turning up with their device in store. Alternatively, after speaking to and organizing with AppleCare representatives on the phone/Internet, devices may be mailed-in to an Apple repair center for service, typically this is Apple themselves, but can in some territories be third-party authorized Apple repairers.
Products that cannot be repaired are replaced with new or refurbished products, with identical or superior hardware specifications, depending on the circumstances involved.
AppleCare does not cover accidental damage; such as drops, spills, or liquid immersion. This is usually the same for iPhones and iPads, except in some territories (including the US and Canada) where the product is branded "AppleCare+" for iPhone and iPad, offering slightly different cover (see next section).
Unlike traditional insurance policies, AppleCare does not cover for loss or theft of devices.
AppleCare Protection Plan.
Users wanting longer cover than the standard amount included have the additional option to extend this cover by purchasing an AppleCare Protection Plan.
The AppleCare Protection Plan is sold by Apple and its authorized resellers. It is available for purchase with every major piece of Apple hardware, including smaller devices and computers, along with many of their accessories. An AppleCare Protection Plan can be purchased at the same time as the hardware, or separately after the original hardware purchase, as long as the original Apple hardware warranty is active, usually this means within the first year (see AppleCare and EU legislation section for exclusions). However for iPhones and iPads, in territories where the product is branded AppleCare+, the plan has to be purchased within 30 days of buying the device concerned.
For all hardware devices, following the included 90-day telephone/Internet support and one year hardware warranty, buying the AppleCare Protection Plan for a Mac computer or a separate AppleCare Protection Plan for Apple displays extends both support and hardware to three years, while buying an AppleCare Protection Plan for iPods and other iOS devices (sold as AppleCare+ in some territories for iPhones and iPads) can extend both support and hardware to two years. Other Apple hardware accessories have similar AppleCare Protection Plans available, generally these extend cover for up to two years following purchase.
AppleCare normally does not cover accidental damage (such as drops, spills, or liquid immersion), but in territories where the extended AppleCare Protection Plan product is branded AppleCare+ for iPhone and iPad, higher cover is offered for accidental handling damage, for an additional service fee per incident, at up to two incidents per plan holder.
Included Mac accessory coverage.
Users who purchase an AppleCare Protection Plan with any Mac computer are also automatically entitled to receive coverage for some other related Apple accessories. Along with coverage for the Mac, any additional Apple display is covered (must be purchased at same time as the Mac though), and/or any Apple AirPort device, e.g. AirPort Express Base Station, AirPort Extreme Base Station, or Time Capsule (although the AirPort device or Time Capsule must be purchased up to two years "before" the Mac purchase or "during the term" of the AppleCare Protection Plan coverage).
AppleCare Extended Service.
In some countries or areas, such as parts of Latin America, where there are no Apple offices, the "AppleCare Extended Service" product is instead available, which offers the same hardware warranty without the phone/Internet support.
AppleCare and EU legislation.
Local regulations in parts of Europe gives consumers a minimum of two years warranty on hardware defects, which overlaps the benefits of AppleCare. This effectively means that an AppleCare Protection Plan still extends phone/Internet support from 90 days on all devices. However no additional benefit is derived from purchasing an Apple Protection Plan on those devices where the Plan would only cover hardware for two years anyway.
However, for Mac computers with or without any additional included covered Mac accessories, (or separately purchased Apple monitors with their own purchased Apple Protection Plan) this still extends cover to a third year from the statutory two years.
In Italy, Apple has been accused of failing to inform customers about their rights. In other countries consumer organizations are also threatening to sue Apple for not informing customers about their rights.
Competition.
There are several third-party warranty providers, along with traditional insurance providers, that will also cover Apple products. Some may include accident, loss, and theft coverage as well as hardware failure. Some major retailers that sell Apple products sell their own extended service plans as well. Examples of third-party companies that provide service plans include AuralSolve, SquareTrade and Consumer Priority Service.

</doc>
<doc id="19301368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301368" title="13 September 2008 Delhi bombings">
13 September 2008 Delhi bombings

The 13 September 2008 Delhi bombings were a series of five synchronised bomb blasts that took place within a span of few minutes on Saturday, 13 September 2008 at various locations in Delhi, India. The first bomb exploded at 18:07 IST, and four other blasts followed in succession, with at least 30 people killed and over 100 injured.
Background.
Three bomb attacks had already occurred the same year in India. The first of these was on 13 May in Jaipur. The series of nine blasts over a span of 15 minutes claimed 63 lives, and injured 216. The second series of nine bomb blasts took place on 25 July in Bangalore, and claimed 2 lives, while injuring 20. The next day, on 26 July in Ahmedabad, a spurt of 21 blasts killed 56 people and injured over 200.
The Indian Mujahideen claimed responsibility for the Jaipur bombings through an email sent to Indian media and declared "open war" against India in retaliation for what it said were 60 years of Muslim persecution and the country's support of United States' policies, most notably the war in Afghanistan. "The Times of India" has reported that either the banned organisation Students Islamic Movement of India or the militant organisation Lashkar-e-Taiba could be behind the blasts in Bangalore. Similar to the Jaipur case, after the Ahmedabad blasts, several TV channels reported that they received e-mails from the Indian Mujahideen claiming responsibility for the terror attacks.
Police say the Indian Mujahideen is an offshoot of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India, but allege that local Muslims are given training and backing from militant groups in neighbouring Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Details.
Five blasts took place within a span of 31 minutes from 18:07 to 18:38 IST (12:37 to 13:08 UTC) in busy markets or commercial localities. Four bombs were defused.
The first blast took place at 18:07 at Ghaffar market (a municipal market along a stretch of Ajmal Khan Road, Karol Bagh) in which at least 20 people were injured. They were rushed to nearby RML hospital. The explosive was kept near a car, and resulted in a cylinder blast in an auto rickshaw, which was subsequently thrown up several feet into the air.
Immediately after, two explosions took place in Connaught Place in which at least 10 people were injured. Police and witnesses said that the bombs went off in dustbins in and around Connaught Place, a shopping and dining area popular with tourists and locals in the centre of the city. The first of these blasts occurred on Barakhamba Road, near Nirmal Tower and Gopal Das Bhavan at 18:34. A minute later, the second bomb exploded in the newly constructed Central Park in the centre of the Connaught Place roundabout, built above one of the main stations of the Delhi Metro. An eyewitness reportedly saw two men place the bomb in a dustbin at Central Park.
Subsequently, two explosions rocked M-Block market in Greater Kailash-I at 18:37 and 18:38 – the first near the popular Prince Paan Corner, and the other near a Levi's store. The latter damaged 10 shops.
Preliminary examination of the blast site said that low intensity ammonium nitrate tied to integrated circuits with timer devices had been used in almost all the serial blasts.
Four bombs were also defused – the first one at India Gate, the second outside Regal Cinema in Connaught Place, the third in Connaught Place, and the fourth on Parliament Street.
On the evening of 13 September 2008, IBN reported at least 30 deaths and over 100 injured. AFP reported that "Indian police (New Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat) said Sunday that 20 people were killed and close to 100 injured."
Response.
Police and security.
Security was tightened across the national capital, with police personnel fanning out to railway and Metro stations, hospitals, bus terminals, the airport and other sensitive points like cinema halls, shopping malls and religious places. Barricades were put up on most city roads to check traffic. Several major markets, including the Sarojini Nagar market, which was targeted in the previous Diwali-eve blasts in 2005, were shut down and evacuated. Cyber-café owners were asked to keep a tab on customers.
A Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) spokesperson state that "security has already been strengthened and frisking and checking of the commuters have been stepped up. The Metro is under constant vigil". He added that extra personnel had been pressed into service to keep an eye on commuters.
Press confusion.
The confusion in the aftermath of the blasts was evident in the press reports immediately following. The general consensus was that the blasts had claimed 18 lives. However, there was some disparity, with CNN claiming as low as 15, to NDTV claiming as high as 30.
There was also some controversy over blast sites and the sites where bombs were defused, most notably that where Zee News reported a bomb being defused at Central Park, while the "Outlook" Magazine stated that the park was a bomb site.
Responsibility.
The Islamist "Indian Mujahideen" sent an e-mail to all major TV channels, informing them of the blasts just after the first one occurred. In the case of the bomb blasts in Jaipur, and Ahmedabad, e-mails were sent before the blasts.
The email was sent from Arbi Hindi. The email threatened nine blasts. A 13-page attached document depicts photographs of the previous blasts under the caption "our jihad". The Delhi blasts are, according to the email, a direct reaction to the raids carried on and after the Ahmedabad blasts, and "harassments imposed by your (Indian) ATS and the police on the innocent Muslims". The document also mentions Amarnath dispute, violence against Christians in Orissa, Babri Masjid demolition and Gujarat riots.
The email was traced to Chembur, an eastern suburb of Mumbai. Mumbai's anti-Terrorism squad (ATS) confirmed that WiFi of the owner firm "Kamran Power" was hacked and used for sending the mail.
Reports claim that the Indian Mujahideen called this operation ""Operation B-A-D"", encompassing the Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Delhi Bombings. Intelligence officials had intercepted a call made "from the across the border" claiming "Operation BAD is successful", after the Ahmedabad blasts, which the Gujarat police that interpreted as Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Delhi, though the dates and specific places were not known.
Investigation.
Two persons were detained from Connaught Place area soon after the blasts. Delhi Police said an 11-year-old boy had claimed to have seen the perpetrators; he informed police that the suspects, clad in black kurta-pyjamas, were seen placing bags in a dustbin. The Delhi Police soon, within three hours of the blast, arrested another person who the police suspect to be the mastermind of the blast.
Preliminary investigation by police reveal Indian Mujahideen-SIMI cell led by Abdul Subhan Qureshi alias Tauqir, having information technology background from Mumbai, to be involved. Another person named Qayamuddin is also under investigation. Four more people have also been detained and questioned.
In the morning of 19 September, the Batla House encounter took place, in which Delhi Police shot down two persons, thought to be suspects, hiding in L-18 block of Jamia Nagar, Delhi. Two others suspects were arrested while one managed to escape. Bashir alias Atif, believed to be the mastermind was one of the two killed. Inspector Mohan Chand Sharma, who was injured in the encounter, died in a hospital. He was credited with helping to have killed 35 terror suspects, 85 arrests and also the winner of 75-odd encounters, 150 medals and seven gallantry awards. Later, the intelligence team said that the arrested allegedly had links with Dubai and further questioned if they had any link with Dawood Ibrahim.
On 23 September, the police arrested five more people from Mumbai and Uttar Pradesh. All five are suspected to be part of the Indian Mujahadeen's think tank. The men were:
On 4 October they were sent by the judicial Chief Metropolitan Magistrate to 12 days' policy custody.
The crime branch has claimed that these are the operatives who had introduced themselves as Pakistanis to perpetrators of 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings. After the 2006 bombings, police had claimed that a group of SIMI activists along with five Pakistan nationals had planted bombs in seven trains.
On 11 November, the Madhya Pradesh Anti-Terror Squad (ATS) arrested Qayamuddin Kapadia, a top-ranking member of SIMI and a key conspirator and executor of the Ahmedabad attack. Police claimed that Kapadia admitted his involvement in the Ahmedabad blasts, and that he, along with Abdul Subhan Qureshi "alias" Tauqeer of Mumbai and Riaz Bhatkal of Karnataka, collaborated with the SIMI cell led by Atif to carry out the Delhi blasts. Atif was later killed in an encounter with Delhi Police.

</doc>
<doc id="19301376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301376" title="Charles McCoy">
Charles McCoy

Charles McCoy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301377" title="Circus Fever">
Circus Fever

Circus Fever is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 35th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19301400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301400" title="Wyższa Szkoła Przedsiębiorczości i Marketingu">
Wyższa Szkoła Przedsiębiorczości i Marketingu

Wyższa Szkoła Przedsiębiorczości i Marketingu in Chrzanów (WSPiM, Academy of Business and Marketing) - non-public academy, founded in Chrzanów in 1994.
External links.
Founder:

</doc>
<doc id="19301402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301402" title="EMMA (magazine)">
EMMA (magazine)

For U.S. founded Emma Magazine (unrelated to German EMMA), see www.EmmaMag.com.
EMMA is a German feminist magazine. Its print edition is published quarterly.
The first issue of "EMMA" was published on January 26, 1977 with a circulation of about 200,000. Founder of the magazine was Alice Schwarzer who is still publisher and editor-in-chief (as of June 2010). In December 2002, the "EMMA" website was launched.
The name of the magazine "EMMA" is a wordplay of the term "emancipation". Since its foundation, "EMMA" is the leading feminist magazine in Germany, and the only political magazine in Europe entirely run by women, with Alice Schwarzer as its most important journalist.
The magazine has often been criticised for its opinionated and activist stance. Yet "EMMA" has had an impact on German society, creating awareness for and instigating debates on social and women's issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19301415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301415" title="Beverly Boulevard (SEPTA station)">
Beverly Boulevard (SEPTA station)

Beverly Boulevard (formerly Beverly Hills) is a stop along SEPTA's Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Lines in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. It is officially located at Garrett Road & Bywood Avenue, but also includes Beverly Boulevard. The station serves both Routes 101 and 102. Only local service is provided on both lines. The station contains two platforms with plexiglass bus-type shelters on both sides of the tracks.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal further east in Upper Darby and either Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania for the Route 101 line, or Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania for the Route 102 line. Both lines run parallel to Garrett Road and Bywood Avenue, a one-way street that runs west from the Fairfield Avenue stop. Beverly Hills is the westernmost stop where the lines runs parallel to both streets.
Beverly Boulevard Station is located at the east end of the Beverly Hills Trestle, which originally went over a former right-of-way of the Newtown Square Branch of the Pennsylvania Railroad, a line that ended just west of Fernwood-Yeadon Station on the Media/Elwyn Line. That ROW is now part of Naylors Run Park. Beverly Hills station is also one block west of the Hilltop Road trolley stop.

</doc>
<doc id="19301419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301419" title="Partizani">
Partizani

This could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301429" title="Dog Days (1925 film)">
Dog Days (1925 film)

Dog Days is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 36th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Plot.
The boys are showing off their dogs to each other when little rich girl Mary Kornman rides by in her pony-drawn cart. When the pony shies and runs away, Mickey comes to the rescue with his dog. In gratitude, Mary invites all the boys and their dogs to her party, much to the chagrin of her wealthy mother (Lyle Tayo).
Notes.
Mary Kornman plays a little rich girl instead of a member of the gang.

</doc>
<doc id="19301430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301430" title="What a Crying Shame">
What a Crying Shame

What a Crying Shame is the third studio album by American country music band The Mavericks. The album was released on February 1, 1994 by MCA Nashville. It features the singles "What a Crying Shame," "O What a Thrill," "There Goes My Heart," "I Should Have Been True" and "All That Heaven Will Allow". In order, these singles reached numbers 25, 18, 20, 30, and 49 on the Billboard Country Singles (now Hot Country Songs) chart. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA and 2× Platinum by the CRIA.
"All That Heaven Will Allow" was previously recorded by Bruce Springsteen on his album "Tunnel of Love", and "O What a Thrill" by James House on his self-titled debut album.
Personnel.
Additional musicians.
Strings by the Nashville String Machine.

</doc>
<doc id="19301445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301445" title="Antennaria rosea">
Antennaria rosea

Antennaria rosea is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name rosy pussytoes. It is native to much of North America, including most of Canada and the western United States. It is a plant of many habitats, from dry to wet climates and low elevation to very high. It is a very morphologically diverse species; individuals can look very different. It is polyploid and exhibits apomixis; most all the plants are female and they reproduce asexually. This is a perennial herb which grows to heights anywhere between about 10 and 40 centimeters. It has a network of short stolons by which it spreads, its method of vegetative reproduction. It forms a basal patch of woolly grayish leaves 1 to 4 centimeters long. The inflorescence contains several flower heads in a cluster. Each head is lined with wide, pointed phyllaries which are often rose in color, the trait that gives the species its name, but they may also be white, yellowish, or brownish. The species is dioecious, but since most of the individuals are female, most bear flower heads containing pistillate flowers. The fruit is an achene with a body less than 2 millimeters long and a pappus which may be 6 or 7 millimeters long. The plant often produces fertile seeds, but most individuals in most populations are clones. Plants are sometimes fertilized with pollen from other "Antennaria" species, which may bring new genes into an "A. rosea" population, increasing the genetic diversity amongst the clones.

</doc>
<doc id="19301454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301454" title="Anna Gurji">
Anna Gurji

Anna Giorgobiani (born 1 April 1991), also known by her stage name Anna Gurji, is a Georgian actress. She first appeared in film as a child, in a short documentary named "Town" (1998). She made her dramatic debut in the short drama-film "If This Day Never Happened" (2006). In 2007, she got a role in an American indie film, "Signals" in which she played the character Afanasiia. Gurji then gained the lead role as an 18th-century violinist named Cinka Panna, in Slovak-Hungarian feature film "Cinka Panna", directed by Dusan Rapos.
Biography and Career.
Gurji, a native of Tbilisi, Georgia, began her acting career at the age of 6, appearing in a number of commercials as well as in a documentary. In 2005, at the age of 14, she landed her first role as a lead actress in a short feature film called "If This Day Never Happened" (2006), directed by her sister Khatuna Giorgobiani. With the help of foreign casting directors, Anna was given a role in the US TV project "Signals" (2008), directed by Carlos Etzio Roman, which aired in New York International Independent Film and Video Festival in Los Angeles in 2008.
In 2008, Gurji won a lead role in the full-length historical feature film "Cinka Panna" (2008), in which she plays the famous 18th Century Hungarian prima donna. An international co-production, the film was directed by Dusan Rapos and produced by Aron Sipos and Katarina Vanzurová.
In 2009, Gurji portrayed a foreign exchange student in Timothy Rhys independent feature film, "Rufus Rex", and also appeared in Jonathan Nolan's film "Ape".
Gurji appeared in the controversial 2012 anti-Islamic film Innocence of Muslims, which sparked violent incidents worldwide, including the murder of United States Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens, by protesters who rioted in response to its crude satire of the prophet Mohammed. Gurji and other actors in the cast later said that they were mislead by the film's director Nakoula Basseley Nakoula. Gurji had been told that 
The movie, according to Gurji, was re-dubbed and significantly changed from what she had participated in making.
Anna is the daughter of a Georgian film director Besarion Giorgobiani. In addition to playing the violin and writing poetry, Gurji received an award for scholastic achievement, bestowed upon her by the president of Georgia, Mikheil Saakashvili, in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19301458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301458" title="Jamaican folk music">
Jamaican folk music

A notable year in the history of Jamaican music was 1907, when Walter Jekyll's Jamaican Song and Story" was first published. The Contents of this book include four parts entitled Anancy Stories, Digging Sings, Ring Tunes, and Dancing Tunes. Each part has an introduction, songs, stories, and melodies.
Part 1: Anancy stories, includes 51 items, such as the story and melody "Leah and Tiger" (item 36, pages 108-9). The heading refers to a legendary figure, "Anancy", or "Anansi", the Ashanti word for "spider." Anancy stories and certain musical characteristics originated in West Africa. 
Part 2: Digging sings, includes 37 items, such as " The one shirt I have" (item 58, page 164). The heading refers to the digging of holes for the planting of yams. "Nothing more joyous can be imagined," writes Jekyll, "than a good 'digging-sing' from twenty throats, with the pickers—so they call their pickaxes—falling in regular beat." Digging sings included songs sung during many kinds of labor. A feature of several digging sings is the "bobbin." Jekyll explains, "One man starts or 'raises' the tune and the others come in with the 'bobbin,' the short refrain..." In the song Miss Nancy Ray, for example, the bobbin is "Oh hurrah boys!" Bobbins resemble and perhaps stemmed from a common manner of singing of work songs in Africa. 
Part 3: Ring tunes, includes 28 items, such as "Ring a diamond" (item 92, page 194). These tunes were sung by boys and girls holding hands to form a ring.
Part 4: Dancing tunes, includes 80 items, such as "Fan me, soldierman" (item 125, page 223) and Carry me Ackee go Linstead market" (item 121, pp. 219-220).
During the 1970s, Oxford University Press published six collections of Jamaican folks songs arranged and annotated by Dr. Olive Lewin. Her book, "Rock It Come Over: the Folk Music of Jamaica," describes Jekyll's 1907 book as "very well researched," but she gives examples of occasional errors. She concludes that "although Jekyll's interest extended beyond music to Jamaican folklore, it was by his considerable knowledge as a musician that he made the most valuable contribution to this all too neglected field of scholarship."
In her book "Forty Folk Songs of Jamaica," Lewin classifies the songs into eleven groups: Bruckins, Jankunnu, Kumina, Maroon, Mento, Nagos, Rasta (Rastafarian), Revival, (Set-Up; Gerreh), Tambo, and Worksongs. Of these, mento is by far the most common. However, much of mento is of relatively recent origin and should be classified as popular music rather than folk. Linkages from folk music to mento are described in Daniel T. Neely's dissertation, "Mento, Jamaica's Original Music: Development, Tourism and the Nationalist Frame" (New York University, 2007). 
Among the best known Jamaican folk songs are Day-O (Banana Boat Song), Jamaica Farewell (Iron Bar), and Linstead Market. The first two of these were popularized by Harry Belafonte. The third has come a long way since its appearance among Jekyll's 108 Jamaican folk songs. Not only has Linstead Market been arranged for solo voice and piano and for performance by choirs, but also, it was arranged for congregational singing in 1975 and now appears in at least five hymnals.

</doc>
<doc id="19301459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301459" title="Music for All Occasions">
Music for All Occasions

Music for All Occasions is the fourth studio album by American country music band The Mavericks. The album was released on September 26, 1995 by MCA Nashville. It features the singles "Here Comes the Rain," "All You Ever Do Is Bring Me Down" and "Missing You." "Somethin' Stupid" is a cover of the Frank Sinatra song.

</doc>
<doc id="19301461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301461" title="The Love Bug (1925 film)">
The Love Bug (1925 film)

The Love Bug is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 37th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Synopsis.
Farina, Joe and Mickey are all struck by the love bug. After several problems, they go to the beauty salon, where Pineapple works and proceed to make shambles of it. The police arrive and arrest them, but Grandma (Florence Lee) comes to their rescue.

</doc>
<doc id="19301467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301467" title="Dick Lowry">
Dick Lowry

Dick Lowry (born 15 September 1944 in Oklahoma) is an American director and film producer.

</doc>
<doc id="19301469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301469" title="List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 2)">
List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 2)

This article lists the episodes and short summaries of the first 22 episodes of the anime series, known in the English dub as the second season of "Ranma ½" or "Anything-Goes Martial Arts".
Rumiko Takahashi's manga series "Ranma ½" was adapted into two anime series: "Ranma ½" which ran on Fuji TV for 18 episodes and "Ranma ½ Nettōhen" which ran for 143. The first TV series was canceled due to low ratings in September 1989 (despite its low ratings, the first 18-episode series is considered by some Western fans to be the franchise's creative high point), but was then brought back in December as the much more popular and much longer-running "Ranma ½ Nettōhen".
Viz Media licensed both anime for English dubs and labeled them as one. They released them in North America in seven DVD collections they call "seasons". The first 22 episodes of "Nettōhen" are season 2, which was given the titled "Anything-Goes Martial Arts". The ordering of several episodes was also re-arranged, effectively putting them closer to the order they appear in the original manga.
The introductory piece "Ranma You Pervert" is the lone opening theme for the first 6 episodes and for episodes 14 to 22. For episodes 7 to 13 the opening theme is by Ribbon, with "Ranma You Pervert" following as a refresher. The third closing theme is by Etsuko Nishio.
Episode list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19301474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301474" title="Kenya at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics">
Kenya at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics

Kenya competed at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics held at Nagai Stadium in Osaka, Japan from 24 August to 2 September 2007. Kenya won five gold, three silver and five bronze medals, finishing second in the medal table, after the United States.
Results.
Men.
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
Marathon
3000 metres steeplechase
Women.
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
Marathon
3000 metres steeplechase

</doc>
<doc id="19301488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301488" title="Tom Lawton, Snr">
Tom Lawton, Snr

Tom Lawton Snr (16 January 1899 — 1 July 1978) was an Australian rugby union player, a state and national representative five-eighth who made 44 appearances for the Wallabies, played in 14 Test matches and captained the national side on ten occasions. 
__TOC__
Schoolboy sports star.
Born at Waterford, Queensland he entered Brisbane Grammar School in 1913 where he excelled at sport. He represented in the school's first XI for four years, was captain in 1916 & 1917; adjudged best fielder in 1915 & 1916 and topped the batting average in 1917. He rowed in the school VIII for three years, played tennis, won at athletics and was school swimming champion and school captain in 1917. He played in the school's rugby first XV for three years and was the best back in 1916 and 1917.
The Great War & university.
In 1918 he was a gunner in France with the 12th Field Artillery Brigade of the AIF. After the war he commenced a science degree at the University of Queensland. He represented for Queensland in rugby union in 1919 the final year before the sport massively lost its popularity to rugby league prompting the Queensland Rugby Union hiatus that lasted until 1929.
In 1920 he transferred to Sydney University to pursue his medical studies at St. Andrew's College. He played rugby at the Sydney University club. He won a Rhodes scholarship to Oxford University in 1922 residing at New College. He played sixty games in 1922-23 for Oxford, Blackheath, New College and the Barbarians. He was selected to captain the Oxford side but was challenged for having played rugby league in his career. He represented Oxford in athletics, swimming and water polo.
Representative career.
His representative debut was in 1920 when selected for the New South Wales Waratahs to appear against the All Blacks. He scored a try and kicked three goals in his representative debut. With no Queensland Rugby Union competition in place at that time the New South Wales Waratahs were the top Australian representative rugby union side of the period and a number of Waratah matches of the 1920s played against full international opponents were in 1986 decreed by the Australian Rugby Union as Test matches.
After returning to Sydney from Oxford in 1925 he was immediately given the captaincy of New South Wales for the 1925 tour to New Zealand. He played as captain in nine of the eleven games and top scored with 49 points. Lawton was selected for the 1927-28 Waratahs tour of Britain, France and Canada. He played in 27 matches of the tour exceeded only by Wylie Breckenbridge (29), and Alex Ross (29). He was the top point scorer (124 points) and played in all five Test matches of the tour.
In 1929 the All Blacks toured Australia, Lawton captained the first truly national Wallabies side fielded since 1914 which was the first national side in history to beat the All Blacks 3-0 in a series whitewash. When the British and Irish Lions toured Australia in 1930 he captained the Wallabies, Queensland and an invitational XV against them. His representative career ended in 1932 aged 33 years after he led Australia and Queensland against the touring All Blacks.
Rugby lineage.
In 2007 Lawton was honoured in the third tranche of inductees into the Australian Rugby Union Hall of Fame. His grandsons Tom Jnr and Rob also both became Wallabies - Rob as a Prop forward made four test appearances from 1988 to 1989, Tom Jnr a Hooker earned 41 caps between 1983 and 1989. In 2007 he was honoured in the third set of inductees into the Australian Rugby Union Hall of Fame, and in 2013 he was inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19301492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301492" title="Zoran Jelikić">
Zoran Jelikić

Zoran Jelikić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Jeликић; born August 4, 1954) is a former Serbian football player. He capped 8 times for Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19301502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301502" title="Trampoline (The Mavericks album)">
Trampoline (The Mavericks album)

Trampoline is the fifth studio album by American country music band The Mavericks. The album was released on March 10, 1998 by MCA Nashville. It features the singles "To Be with You," "Dance the Night Away" and "I've Got This Feeling." Although none of these singles were Top 40 hits on the U.S. country charts, "Dance the Night Away" reached #4 on the UK Singles Chart and "I've Got This Feeling" made #27.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Additional musicians.
Strings performed by the Nashville String Machine. Strings and horns arranged by Dennis Burnside and Raul Malo.

</doc>
<doc id="19301508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301508" title="Felice Leonardo">
Felice Leonardo

Felice Leonardo (born 9 March 1915) is an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church. At , he is one of the oldest Roman Catholic bishops. Since the death of Cardinal Ersilio Tonini, he also is the oldest Roman Catholic bishop from Italy.
Leonardo born in Pietramelara, Italy in 1915. He was ordained a priest on 24 July 1938, appointed bishop on 22 July 1957 to the Telese o Cerreto Sannita Diocese, and consecrated on 29 September 1957. On 21 March 1984 Leonardo was appointed to the Diocese of Sant'Agata de' Goti then to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cerreto Sannita-Telese-Sant’Agata de’ Goti when the diocese of Telese o Cerreto Sannita and the Diocese of Sant'Agata de' Goti united on 29 September 1986. Leonardo retired as Bishop of Diocese of Cerreto Sannita-Telese-Sant’Agata de’ Goti on 20 July 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19301517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301517" title="Aihayuta">
Aihayuta

In Zuñi mythology, the Aihayuta are a 2nd pair of twin-brother heroes who complement the 1st set of twin-brother heroes, the Ahayuta.

</doc>
<doc id="19301521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301521" title="Shootin' Injuns">
Shootin' Injuns

"Shootin' Injuns" is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 38th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19301533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301533" title="Adolphe-Simon Neboux">
Adolphe-Simon Neboux

Adolphe-Simon Neboux, (born 1806 and died 1844), was a French surgeon and naturalist who accompanied the frigate "Vénus" under command of Admiral Abel du Petit-Thouars between the years 1836 and 1839, visiting the Pacific coastline of North America and the Galápagos Islands. 
Among species he described are the Swallow-tailed Gull and the White-capped Fruit-dove. He is honoured in the scientific name of the Blue-footed Booby ("Sula nebouxii").

</doc>
<doc id="19301541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301541" title="Bürgenstock">
Bürgenstock

The Bürgenstock is a famous mountain in Switzerland (1,127.8 m above sea level) located on the eponymous peninsula Bürgenstock, in the middle of Lake Lucerne. Bürgenstock is also a famous village located at 874 m a.s.l. on the same mountain. The lookout point at the summit of the Bürgenstock offers an extraordinarily beautiful and famous view, for the mountain is almost entirely surrounded by Lake Lucerne.
The peninsula, the mountain and the village Bürgenstock are among the most visited tourist destinations in Switzerland.
The small resort town of "Bürgenstock" can be reached by a mountain road as well as with the Bürgenstock Funicular which starts from the boat landing pier at Kehrsiten-Bürgenstock on Lake Lucerne. The summit of the Bürgenstock can be reached from the village by means of a cliff-side path followed by the famous Hammetschwand Elevator.
In the glamorous world of cinema and culture of the 20th century, the peninsula Bürgenstock achieved worldwide fame as a retreat and holiday place for well-known actors, producers and artists. Among others reasons, the village of Bürgenstock became famous in the media because Audrey Hepburn married Mel Ferrer at the Bürgenstock Chapel in 1954. Sophia Loren, her husband Carlo Ponti and also Audrey Hepburn housed in private villas on the Bürgenstock.
Famous artists who spent their holidays on the peninsula include Charlie Chaplin, Sergej Rachmaninow, Georges Simenon, Shirley MacLaine, and Yul Brynner. A number of politicians, like Konrad Adenauer, Jimmy Carter, Henry Kissinger, Kofi Annan and Golda Meir, as well as prominent personalities from the business world, came in search of rest and leisure on the Bürgenstock.
Description.
When looked at from Lucerne, the Bürgenstock has the typical mountain shape of a "stock". Especially in the German-speaking part of Switzerland, the term "stock" is used for a number of mountains whose shape of summits is clearly set off from the bulk.
Beside the Bürgenstock there are also other Swiss mountains that carry the distinction of "stock" (stick) in their names to describe their shape, such as the Oberalpstock, the Hausstock and the Mürtschenstock (Canton Glarus), the Fronalpstock, the Uri Rotstock, the Dammastock (Canton Uri) and the Mattstock (Canton St. Gallen).
Like its existing namesakes, the term "Bürgenstock", composed of the descriptive words "Bürgen" and "Stock", has evolved since the mid-19th century into the geographical name for the very distinctive mountain on the "Bürgen" peninsula as seen from Lucerne.
From the early Middle Ages on, the mountain on this peninsula was called "Bürgenberg"; an arbitral settlement from the year 1378, putting an end to over 38 years of dispute between the estates Lucerne and Nidwalden about the affiliation of the region extending from Kehrsiten to Mattgrat, uses the name "Bürgenberg" in its records.
All old maps and frontier records of the Corporation of Lucerne which mention the – in those times – disputed forest call it the "Stadtwald am Bürgenberg" (forest on the Bürgenberg) or "Bürgenbergwald" (Bürgenstock mountain forest).
On the "Dufourkarte" (Dufour Map), the topographic map of Switzerland from 1845 to 1865, the mountain ridge as a whole had no name. The highest crest was referred to as "Hametschwand" (sic), "Bürgenberg" was the term inscribed for the slope to the mountain crest on the far Southwest
The geographical name "Bürgenstock" was first documented in the year 1836 by Aloys Businger in his book “Der Kanton Unterwalden”. Businger calls the entire "Bürgen" peninsula the "Bürgenberg"; however, he refers to the highest elevation both as "Hammetschwand" and "Bürgenstock".
In addition, in the year 1850, the Director of the Lucerne Teacher's Training College Niklaus Rietschi published a private map, in which the terms "Bürgenstock" together with the term "Hammetschwand" are recorded for the summit.
In 1872, the company Bucher & Durrer laid the foundation for the hotel complex on the Alp Tritt. For this purpose, it chose the already existing geographical name of "Bürgenstock", also documented in 1836 by Aloys Businger in his book “Der Kanton Unterwalden”.
The first official map to use the geographical name "Bürgenstock" was the so-called “Siegfriedkarte” Siegfried Map, whose publication, started by the Federal Topographic Bureau under Hermann Siegfried, continued from 1870 until 1922. The name "Bürgenstock" appears on sheet 377 of the Siegfried Map and dates back to 1896.
Around 1900, the designation "Bürgenstock" established itself as a general colloquial term for the entire mountain ridge, from Stansstad in the West to "Untere Nase" in the East. A corresponding entry in the "Geographischen Lexikon der Schweiz" (Geographical Dictionary of Switzerland) can be found in 1910.
In the Swiss maps of our days, the name "Bürgenstock" designates the mountain ridge – with the term "Hammetschwand" as alternative – as well as the location of the hotel and residential complex. "Bürgenstock" as a geographical name can be found twice in the official Swiss index of cities and towns. The locality "Bürgenstock" is listed in the postal code listing of Switzerland under the postal code 6363. Today, the residential streets of the valley communities Stansstad and Ennetbürgen, connecting the entire mountain ridge, carry the name "Bürgenstockstrasse".
Geographical situation.
The Bürgenstock is a mountain ridge that stretches over 10 km and is surrounded to the North, East and South-East by Lake Lucerne. The northern slope drops very steeply into the lake. On and at the bottom of the southern slope is the township of Ennetbürgen; Stansstad is situated at the bottom of the western end.
For the most part, the mountain belongs to the community of Ennetbürgen in the canton of Kanton Nidwalden. The western part belongs to the community of Stansstad. A part of the northern steep drop into the Lake is an exclave of the city of Luzern (Exklave Bürgenstock)).
Geology.
Geologically, the Bürgenstock belongs to the foothills of the Pilatus and the Helvetic border chain. The rocks are from the Cretaceous and Tertiary. Below the Hammetschwand, the following layers can be distinguished on the north side: siliceous limestone, Drusberg layers (forming a forest belt), bright Schrattenkalk limestone with orbitolina layers overlaid by Seewerkalk limestone.
Above this there is a transgression of Assilina green sand and Nummulitic limestone of the Lutetian age , which is found mainly on the southern downward slope with its gentler incline.
In the Ice Age, the Bürgenstock was completely covered by an ice stream which flowed from the Gotthard into the foothills of the Alps. Abrasion marks left by the ice on the limestone are found including in the highest altitudes. Large granite boulders which were transported by the ice from the Gotthard, are distributed over the whole mountain, as for example an 18 m3 large, round specimen on a steep slope on the Allwägli land reserve, which in 1949 was placed under protection. After the regression of the ice, the Bürgenstock was at first an island in Lake Lucerne. In the course of a few thousand years, however, the Engelberger Aa River filled up the area between the Engelberger valley entrance and the Bürgenstock with sediments, creating today's flat valley between the townships Ennetbürgen, Buochs, Stans and Stansstad.
Tourism.
The Bürgenstock accommodates several luxury hotels and a conference centre, and has been a popular holiday place since as far back as 1872. The hotels can be reached by a mountain road, by bus from Stansstad or, in the summer months from April to October, with the Bürgenstock funicular from the boat pier at Kehrsiten. Europe's highest outdoor elevator, the Hammteschwand Lift, is located on the Bürgenstock. It connects the beautiful scenic cliff path with the lookout point at Hammetschwand, from where a spectacular view of Lake Lucerne and the surrounding mountains can be enjoyed.
In 1871, Franz Josef Bucher-Durrer, who was 37 at the time, bought the Alp Tritt on the Bürgenstock. The Grand Hotel and the connecting road down to Stansstad were built. The Grand Hotel was opened in 1873, followed in 1874 by the Dépendence. In 1887, he built the Bürgenstock funicular railway, the small hydroelectric power plant at the timber bridge Fadenbrücke in Buochs
as well as, in 1888, the Park Hotel. The Bürgenstock railway is said to be the oldest electric funicular railway in Switzerland and is supplied with power from the hydroelectric power station. In 1904 the Palace Hotel was also added. After the death of Bucher-Durrer in 1906, his sons Fritz and Arnold took over. In 1925, the engineer Friedrich Frey-Fürst acquired the hotels and associated enterprises. Friedrich Frey-Fürst died in 1953, and his son Fritz Frey took charge. Under his direction, various structural and infrastructural changes were made.
In 1997, the Frey family sold the entire complex, with exception of the Bürgenstock Chapel and adjacent private residential buildings. In the summer of 2000, the hotels first became part of the Swiss Rosebud Heritage Group. Since 2007, its owner and investor is the Qatari Diar Real Estate Investment Company from Qatar. Their planning envisages modern infrastructures for conferences, meetings and incentives with hotel accommodation, traditional hotel tourism in the summer months, year-round local and day-trip tourism, health and medical wellness as well as residences with hotel service. The new Bürgenstock Resort will have a total amount of approximately 400 rooms. 350 jobs and many apprenticeship positions are planned. The resort is designed as a car-free pedestrian zone. The investment volume amounts to approximately 400 million Swiss francs. Additional 25 million Swiss francs have been invested in the renovation of the Honegg Hotel. It was re-opened in 2011.
Politics.
At the beginning of 2002, the parties involved in South Sudan's civil war signed the Bürgenstock Agreement on the Bürgenstock.
In spring 2004, Bürgenstock was site to negotiations between Turkish and Greek Cypriots on the issue of accession to the EU.
Culture.
The 19th century Bürgenstock Chapel is located in immediate vicinity of the hotels and at the beginning of the cliff path on the Bürgenstock. It is still owned by the former hotelier family Frey who left their mark on the Bürgenstock hotels from 1925 to 1997, as well as the non-profit Frey-Fürst Foundation. The Bürgenstock Chapel is a replica of the chapel of St. Jost which lies on the slopes of the Bürgenstock Mountain on the territory of the township of Ennetbürgen and is the oldest Gothic sanctuary in the Swiss canton of Nidwaldens. The Bürgenstock Chapel was built in 1897 under the orders of Countess Tancrède de la Baume, née Pozzo di Borgo, who had set up her summer residence in the hotel village on the Bürgenstock. Among other things, she had an ornate wooden, polychrome Gothic ceiling reproduced in detail in the chapel. Further elements of interior design and decoration are also replicas from the 17th century and are from different churches in Switzerland. The sculpture "Dance of Death" by the Swiss sculptor Hans Jörg Limbach (1928-1990) is located directly next to the chapel. The Bürgenstock Chapel also became famous because of the wedding of actress Audrey Hepburn with Mel Ferrer in 1954.
The rich cultural tradition established in the 19th and 20th centuries on the Bürgenstock is continued today by several private and independent cultural organisations:
On 13 November 2009, the "Bürgenstock Kunst- und Kulturstiftung" (Bürgenstock Foundation of Art and Culture) - located in Ennetbürgen - was founded to preserve historical furniture and antiques from the hotels built in the 19th century on the Bürgenstock.
The "Stiftung Bürgenstock Momente" (Foundation Bürgenstock Moments) was created on 11 May 2012 with the aim of implementing cultural events and concerts, also at the historic site of the Bürgenstock Chapel. Under the direction of Peter Frey – a descendant of the former hotelier family – the Stiftung Bürgenstock Momente has its seat directly in the village of Bürgenstock and attracts music fans from around the world to the Bürgenstock, with its yearly week of classical music called "Carnival of the Stradivari", amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="19301560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301560" title="Lonely Drifter Karen">
Lonely Drifter Karen

Lonely Drifter Karen are a pop band from Brussels. The band consists of Austrian singer Tanja Frinta, keyboarder and producer Marc Melià Sobrevias from Spain and the two Frenchmen Maxime Malon on drums and Clément Marion on guitar, who joined the band in 2012.
Biography.
Started as a solo project by Viennese-born Tanja Frinta while she was living in Sweden, Lonely Drifter Karen became a band when Frinta moved to Barcelona and met Italian drummer Giorgio Menossi and Majorcan keyboard player and arranger Marc Meliá Sobrevias. From December 2006 until January 2008 Frinta and Melià had been recording the debut album Grass is Singing, which was released by Crammed Discs in May 2008 in Europe, June 2008 in the United States and September 2008 in Canada. The Canadian release of the album is in collaboration with Montreal based Semprini Records who has also released Lonely Drifter Karen's 7" The Owl Moans Low in July 2008.
The "Grass Is Singing" album was enthusiastically welcomed by the press in several European countries (see quotes below).
The band is currently living in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="19301578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301578" title="Ask Grandma">
Ask Grandma

Ask Grandma is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 39th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19301585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301585" title="Masashi Kato">
Masashi Kato


</doc>
<doc id="19301597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301597" title="Yvon Roy">
Yvon Roy

Yvon Roy (born in Quebec, Canada) is a Québécois actor. Yvon is the brother of Québécois actors Gildor Roy, Luc Roy and Maxim Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="19301611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301611" title="Claudette">
Claudette

Claudette is a feminine form of the masculine given name Claude.
Claudette may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301622" title="John McCrea (disambiguation)">
John McCrea (disambiguation)

John McCrea may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301624" title="Allied Carpets">
Allied Carpets

Allied Carpets is one of the largest retailers of floor coverings operating a chain of large out-of-town superstores around the UK. It also has some High Street stores. It is the second-largest retailer of carpets in the UK.
History.
It was formed by Harold Plotnek on market stalls Birmingham in the 1950s. In the late 1950s, a warehouse was opened in Birmingham. In 1974, a head office was opened in West Bromwich. In 1978, it was bought by the Asda Group. In 1980, curtains were introduced. In December 1983, it opened its first two out-of-town stores in Edinburgh and Chester. Beds were introduced in 1984. In 1985, the company was rebranded as just Allied. A Contracts Division and an Insurance Replacement Division were started in that year, and upholstery products were first sold. By 1989, the company had over 180 shops and the company changed its name to the Allied Maples Group Ltd.
Sale to Carpetland.
In December 1993, it was sold by the Asda Group to Carpetland. Carpetland traded as Carpetland Carpet Centres Ltd, and had financially collapsed in 1990 then had a management buyout in August 1991 which resulted in the company having 85 stores. At the time of the Allied sale, it had about half as many stores as Allied. The company after the sale had about 250 stores. The Allied head office in West Bromwich was closed in March 1994. The company's name was changed from Carpetland to Allied Carpets. The upholstery part of the company was closed and it just sold carpets.
Public offering.
In the summer of 1996, it was listed on the London Stock Exchange. At this point, the company was valued at about £200m. The company also owned Carpetland.
Financial irregularities.
In July 1998, the company had its shares suspended when financial irregularities were recorded in some of the sales figures from its stores. This came from the practice of recording sales when they had been made, instead of after the carpets had been fitted. The managing director, Ray Nethercott, resigned in April 1999.
Twenty seven stores, including some of Carpetland, were bought by Carpetright in November 1998 for £12m.
Sale to French carpet company.
In September 1999, it was bought for £84m by Tapis Saint-Maclou of Wattrelos, France; they are France's largest carpet retailer. At the same time TS-M bought of Aachen, Germany, who also own Ihr Teppichfreund. In 2001 it opened thirty more out-of-town retail warehouse stores.
Media Agency.
Appointed the7stars as their media planning and buying agency in 2010. 
Administration.
In December 2008, it appointed Lazard, the investment bank, to find a buyer for its stores.
On July 17, 2009, it was announced that the company (Allied Carpets Properties) had entered administration. Allied was one of several high profile chains to fall into receivership during the recession of this time. 
The administrators BDO Stoy Hayward immediately sold 51 of the company's 217 stores and the insurance part of the business to Allied Carpets Retail Limited, securing 400 jobs and saving the company from going the same way as other retail giants including MFI, Woolworths and Zavvi.
Among the casualties was the store at Merry Hill Shopping Centre in the West Midlands, which closed over that summer after 23 years in operation – having been one of the first retailers to take advantage of the Enterprise Zone that was designated in the area to relieve high unemployment when it opened that store in 1986. The store has since been taken over by HomeSense.
On April 21, 2012, it was announced that the company had entered administration again. On April 24, it announced that the company had been sold to a company affiliated with Floors-2-Go in a Pre-Pack administration deal.
Products.
Carpets account for 80% of its products. The other products are beds, wood and laminate flooring and curtains.
Structure.
The company is based at Allied House, 76 High Street, Orpington in the London Borough of Bromley. It is near the junction of the A208 and A224. In Scotland, it runs the General George brand of shops.

</doc>
<doc id="19301628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301628" title="Adam Grad">
Adam Grad


</doc>
<doc id="19301635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301635" title="H12">
H12

H12, H-12 or H.12 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301636" title="John Palm">
John Palm

John Palm (13 June 1885 – 24 February 1925) was a Curaçao-born composer. 
Biography.
Johan Antoine Palm -- better known as John Palm -- was a grandson of Jan Gerard Palm (1831-1906), who is often referred to as the "father of Curaçao classical music". Like his cousin Jacobo Palm and his brother Rudolph Palm, John started at music lessons from his grandfather at a young age. 
Palm played several musical instruments such as piano, clarinet and flute. He joined some orchestras such as "Los Dispuestos" and a sextet "Los seis". With his favorite instrument the clarinet, John Palm gave many clarinet solos. Like Frederique Chopin, John died at the relatively young age of 39 due to tuberculosis, in Curaçao.
Compositions.
As a composer Palm wrote waltzes including "La Belleza", "Club X", "Emma", "La Veloce"" "Ma Pensee", "Gozar sufriendo" and "Nocturno."
References.
http://books.caribseek.com/Curacao/Muziek_en_Musici_Nederlandse Antillen
http://books.caribseek.com/Curacao/Honderd_Jaar_Muziekleven_op_Curacao.

</doc>
<doc id="19301643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301643" title="Keita Soraoka">
Keita Soraoka


</doc>
<doc id="19301655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301655" title="Livin' Sacrifice">
Livin' Sacrifice

Livin' Sacrifice was one of the earliest all girl punk bands in Sweden. The band started in a basement in Spånga in 1978. They soon got a reputation for being a good live band and was quickly signed to Rosa Honung. Their latest gig was in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19301664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301664" title="Official Officers">
Official Officers

Official Officers is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 40th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19301667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301667" title="Luc Roy">
Luc Roy

Luc Roy (born in Quebec, Canada) is a Québécois actor. Luc is the brother of Québécois actors Gildor Roy, Yvon Roy and Maxim Roy, with whom he starred on his first and her second appearance in "Coyote".

</doc>
<doc id="19301669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301669" title="Fon Huffman">
Fon Huffman

Fon Birdell Huffman (August 19, 1913 – September 4, 2008) was a United States Navy veteran who was believed to be the last survivor of 1937 attack on the USS "Panay" gunboat, which became known as the Panay incident. The United States and Japan were not at war at the time of the attack. The sinking of the USS "Panay" marked the first act of aggression by the Japanese Empire against the United States prior to World War II.
Biography.
Early life.
Fon B. Huffman was born on August 19, 1913, in Truro, Iowa, to parents Washington Elmer and Ida Huffman. He was the youngest of six siblings.
Huffman enlisted in the U.S. Navy when he was just 16 years old with his father's signature.
Panay Incident.
Huffman was serving as a 24-year-old boilerman in the U.S. Asiatic Fleet on board the "Panay" at the time of the attack on December 12, 1937. The fleet's mission was to patrol the Yangtze River to protect American interests as part of a treaty between the United States and the Nationalist government of China.
The Japanese attack and sinking of the "Panay" in the Yangtze was captured on camera by Universal news reporter, Norman Alley. Huffman gave his own lifejacket to Alley during the attack. There are several still photographs and film footage of Huffman throwing an improvised flotation device off the "Panay".
Huffman served on naval destroyers in both the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean during World War II. He retired from the Navy as a chief petty officer in June 1949.
Personal life.
Huffman met his future wife, Lillian (Homberger) Schwarz, in Norfolk, Virginia, while on leave from the Navy. The couple were married in November 1945. They had two daughters - Nancy, born in 1946, and Gayle, who was born in 1949.
The Huffman family moved to Golden Valley, Minnesota, following his retirement in 1949. They built their first home in the town. Huffman worked for the local school district before taking a position with the Soo Line Railroad, where he worked as a stationary engineer. He continued to work for the railroad for more than thirty years until his retirement.
Fon and Lillian Huffman moved to Summerville, Florida from Minnesota, in 1972 before settling permanently in Titusville, Florida. They continued to reside in Titusville until Lilian's death in 2006. Huffman moved to Sierra Vista, Arizona, several months after his wife's death to live with his oldest daughter, Nancy, and her husband. Just prior to his death, Huffman was interviewed about his wartime experience by filmmaker Nick T. Spark for the website USSPanay.org.
Death.
Fon Huffman died in his sleep in a nursing home in Sierra Vista, Arizona, on September 4, 2008, at the age of 95. He was survived by his daughters, Nancy (Steve) Ferguson of Sierra Vista, Arizona, and Gayle (Rusty) Pickus of Fairbanks, Alaska; and his grandchildren - James Pickus and Jeffrey Pickus.
Huffman was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19301712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301712" title="Cimetta">
Cimetta

Cimetta is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, it is located above Locarno and Lake Maggiore. It can be accessed by cable car from Orselina to "Cardada" and with a chair lift to the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="19301718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301718" title="Kenji Watanabe">
Kenji Watanabe


</doc>
<doc id="19301719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301719" title="Sky Watch">
Sky Watch

Sky Watch, also known as Sky Watch Civil Air Patrol (SWCAP), is a volunteer civil aviation organisation founded in 2000 in the United Kingdom. The program federates efforts of small aircraft and microlight pilots to assist air traffic control and emergency services by providing search and rescue and air-sea rescue resources when called upon.
While similar in function to the United States Civil Air Patrol, Sky Watch is considerably younger and does not have the same degree of integration with the air force.

</doc>
<doc id="19301727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301727" title="Bobby Lloyd">
Bobby Lloyd

Robert "Bobby" Lloyd (c. 1888 in Crickhowell — in Halifax) was a Welsh international scrum-half who played club rugby for Pontypool and county rugby for Monmouthshire. He won seven caps for Wales and played in the 1913 and 1914 Five Nations Championships. Lloyd was a favourite at Pontypool and was one of the finest scrum-halves produced by the club.
Rugby career.
In 1912, Lloyd faced the touring South Africans as part of the Monmouthshire County team. Lloyd played well and gave the Springbok halves, Freddie Luyt and Fred Dobbin a difficult match, though the tourists class shone through to win the game comfortably.
Lloyd was first capped for Wales in a winning game against Scotland on 1 February 1913. The game was played at Inverleith and both sides had a sparsity of international experience; though Wales were captained by the veteran Billy Trew. Lloyd played in the next six consecutive games in the Five Nations Championships, which saw Wales finish second to England in both tournaments.
International matches.
Wales
International rugby league matches.
Bobby Lloyd won a cap for Wales while at Halifax in 1921, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Halifax in 1920 against Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19301751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301751" title="Boys Will Be Joys">
Boys Will Be Joys

Boys Will Be Joys is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 41st "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19301765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301765" title="Jon Ehrlich">
Jon Ehrlich

Jon Ehrlich is a television and film composer. He is best known for his collaborations with Jason Derlatka. He wrote the music of the Fox's television series "House" and the NBC's comedy-drama "Parenthood". He is also known for his works on the ABC's television series "Invasion" who received critical acclaim.

</doc>
<doc id="19301817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301817" title="Typhoon Sinlaku">
Typhoon Sinlaku

The name Sinlaku has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by the Federated States of Micronesia and means Kosrae legendary goddess.

</doc>
<doc id="19301821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301821" title="McAuley High School, Auckland">
McAuley High School, Auckland

McAuley High School is a Catholic girls’ secondary school in Otahuhu, New Zealand. The school was founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1962, and run by the order until the 1990s. 
Students at the school achieve highly compared to the national average and to students at schools with a similar decile rating. Attendance figure are very high compared to most low decile schools because the principal gives this a very high priority. Regular attendance at school is a constant message that is backed up by the local catholic church.

</doc>
<doc id="19301822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301822" title="Sue-Anne Webster">
Sue-Anne Webster

Sue-Anne Webster is an Australian magician, actor and writer who has been recognised internationally for her contributions to the art of magic.
Biography.
Sue-Anne Webster trained as an actor at The Australian Playhouse Studio and The Actor's Centre in Sydney, and was Assistant Director at the Australian Broadcasting Corporation for programs including Beatbox and the mini-series Tusitala., She has performed as an actor on television programs including Real Life, The Masters, and several television commercials. She has performed as an illusionist on television programs including "The Price Is Right", "Location Location Amazing Homes", "StarStruck", "Today", "Mornings with Kerri-Anne", "Good Morning Australia" with Bert Newton, "Fox Morning News" (USA), "Top Billing" (South Africa), "The 23rd FISM World Championships of Magic Stockholm 2006" (UK), "WB Kids", "ETV" (Hong Kong), and Nadia Tass's Australian feature film "Matching Jack" (2010).
Theatrical and magical shows which Sue-Anne Webster has created and directed include: "Cunning Stunts", "Dreams & Illusions", "Magic Unlimited's Best Show Ever", "Wizards of Aus", "Illusionarium", and "Private Eye".
In addition, Webster is one of two living Australian magicians to be included in the book "Dictionnaire de la Prestidigitation" covering the world history of the art of magic, and is the only Australian to be included in "Historias de Magas Antiguas y Modernas", an international history book of prominent female magicians throughout history. Webster is founder and first president of the Australian Institute of Magic.
In 2001 Sue-Anne Webster and Tim Ellis were voted Most Valuable Performers by their peers at the close up magic convention Fechter's Finger Flicking Frolic in Batavia, New York. In 2005 was the duo were nominated Lecturers of the Year by The Academy of Magical Arts at The Magic Castle in Hollywood.
Webster has frequently worked as a consultant on magic for television including "The Panel" and "Blue Heelers".
Author.
From 2010 to 2012, Sue-Anne wrote a regular magic column in the NSW "School Magazine", the oldest literary magazine for children in the world. Her writings in the magic world include contributions to "Magic Magazine" and Genii. She has also had many articles published in New Idea, Reader's Digest, That's Life! and Australian Geographic.
I Dream of Jeannie.
Webster is also the official "I Dream of Jeannie" 'Jeannie' lookalike for www.IDreamOfJeannie.com and is recognised internationally for her uncanny characterisation. In 2009 she presented an 'I Dream of Jeannie Tribute Show' at the Melbourne Magic Festival.
Theatre.
She premiered two shows in 2008, one for The Melbourne International Comedy Festival "Illusionarium with Ellis & Webster" and "The Wizards of Aus" at The Melbourne Magic Festival, and many more shows including "Ellis in Wonderland" (2009), "Illusionarium 2010" and "I Dream of Jeannie" solo (2010), "Once Upon A Time...", and "Secrets" (2011), "Phyllis Wong and the Forgotten Secrets of Mr Okyto" magic performances at promotional appearances with author and husband "Geoffrey McSkimming".

</doc>
<doc id="19301842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301842" title="Pablo Barrachina Estevan">
Pablo Barrachina Estevan

Pablo Barrachina Estevan (October 31, 1912 – October 13, 2008) was a Spanish Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Pablo Barrachina Estevan was born in Jérica, Spain. He was ordained a priest on July 13, 1941 of the Sergorbe Diocese. He was appointed bishop of Orihuela-Alicante Diocese on March 31, 1954 and ordained bishop June 29, 1954. Pablo Barrachina Estevan retired as bishop of Orihuela-Alicante Diocese on May 12, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19301872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301872" title="Isaak Moiseevich Milin">
Isaak Moiseevich Milin

Isaak Moiseevich Milin (; February 16, 1919 - November 17, 1992) was a Russian mathematician who worked on coefficients of univalent and meromorphic functions. He discovered Milin's area theorem,the Lebedev-Milin inequality, and stated the Milin conjecture that played an important role in the proof of the Bieberbach conjecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19301876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301876" title="Planplatten">
Planplatten

Planplatten (2,245 m) is a mountain situated above Meiringen in the Bernese Oberland in Switzerland. In 1999 a panoramic restaurant (the "Alpentower") has been built on the summit which is accessible by gondola lift.

</doc>
<doc id="19301878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301878" title="I Dream of Jesus">
I Dream of Jesus

"I Dream of Jesus" is the second episode of the seventh season of "Family Guy". It originally aired on Fox in the United States on October 5, 2008. In the episode, Peter finds Jesus Christ (voiced by Alec Sulkin) working at a record shop, and convinces Jesus to make his second coming.
Directed by Mike Kim and written by Brian Scully, the title of the episode refers to the television series "I Dream of Jeannie". The episode makes a prominent use of the song "Surfin' Bird" by The Trashmen. The episode guest starred Chris Cox, Ike Barinholtz, Amanda MacDonald, Niecy Nash, Sulkin and Paris and Perez Hilton. The episode received divided reviews from critics, with the more negative reviews going to the portrayal of Jesus, while the positive reviews going to the "Surfing Bird" plot. According to Nielsen Media Research, "I Dream of Jesus" was Fox's most-watched program the evening it first aired, with 8.4 million views. Seth MacFarlane was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance and an Annie Award for his role as Peter Griffin in this episode. This was one of three episodes (along with "Road to Germany" and "Family Gay") submitted the year "Family Guy" was nominated for the "Outstanding Comedy Series".
Plot.
The family goes to Nifty Fifties Diner, a 1950s-themed restaurant, and they see waiters dressed up as celebrities from the 1950s, including James Dean, Marilyn Monroe and Elvis Presley. Peter obtains a record of his favorite song, The Trashmen's "Surfin' Bird" from the restaurant (which was about to be thrown away because it was released in 1963). Peter repeats the song over and over on the way home in bed and even when waking up Lois, annoying his family. However the final straw of the family's hatred of Surfin' Bird is when Peter spends over $6,000 of the family fortune to buy himself a two-minute clip on TV saying that "I dream of an America where everybody knows that the bird is the word" and singing the song again.
Stewie and Brian steal the record while Peter is asleep one night and destroy it. Infuriated, Peter accuses the others, saying they had a motive as he changed his will and left everything to the record. Oblivious to the fact that Lois, Chris and Meg have evidence to prove they did not take it he accuses them of conspiring to destroy his record, and suspects his kids for possible motives. He then furiously goes to the village's only record shop the next morning to buy another copy, but it turns the stores had already been visited by "a dog" and "a baby" who bought all the copies. Peter is frustrated, but gets distracted as he recognizes the record sales clerk to be Jesus Christ.
Jesus reveals he goes to Earth every 100 years or so to check on the world. Jesus reveals that his father had just given up smoking. He and Peter become friends, and Peter invites him to dinner, along with Brian. Brian asks Jesus for proof he is Jesus Christ, so Jesus proves he is, by turning everyone's dinner into sundaes and, on Peter's request, makes Lois' breasts enlarge to massive proportions. Peter convinces him to make his second coming public. Jesus walks on water to retrieve a dollar bill that blew out of Peter's hand. Consequently, he becomes famous and makes celebrity appearances on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" and the "MTV Movie Awards". He begins to neglect his friendship with Peter, due to him now being popular. The next day, Peter watches the news, where Tom Tucker reports that Jesus was found in Mary-Kate Olsen's apartment that morning face down and unconscious. Tom reports that police have revived and arrested the disoriented Jesus, who quoted "Jews are responsible for all the world's wars". Jesus is arrested for his illegal prank and is sent to jail. Peter is asked by Jesus to bail him out. Now in disrepute, Jesus decides that maybe he was not mature enough to return to the world yet and bids farewell to the family. Before he leaves this world, Jesus gives Peter a present, another record of "Surfin' Bird", and it ends with Stewie and Brian groaning in genuine rage when Peter begins annoying his family with the song again.
Production.
The episode was written by one of this season's co-executive producers Brian Scully, on his first writing job for the show. It was directed by Mike Kim, who had been with the show since its fifth season when he directed the episode "Stewie Loves Lois". Series regulars Peter Shin and James Purdum served as supervising directors for the episode. The episode's music was composed by Walter Murphy. Actors Chris Cox, Ike Barinholtz, Amanda MacDonald, Niecy Nash, Paris Hilton and Perez Hilton guest starred. Recurring voice actors for the show, including Patrick Warburton, Adam West, Johnny Brennan, writer Alec Sulkin, writer John Viener, writer Kirker Butler, co-executive producer Steve Callaghan, co-executive producer Mark Hentemann and executive producer Danny Smith also made minor appearances.
"I Dream of Jesus", along with the first eight episodes of the seventh season were released on DVD by 20th Century Fox in the United States and Canada on June 16, 2009, one month after it had completed broadcast on television. The "Volume 7" DVD release features bonus material including deleted scenes, animatics, and commentaries for every episode.
Cultural references.
The episode's name is a play of the title of the NBC sitcom, "I Dream of Jeannie". The scene in which Stewie and Brian destroy the record is nearly identical to a scene in the movie "Office Space" in which the characters destroy a printer, including use of the same song. Peter makes Jesus admit that he is the messiah by threatening to urinate over albums of Christian artist Amy Grant. Peter attempts to top Jesus' story about his crucifixion during a dinner conversation with a story about how he and his friends "got wrecked on Southern Comfort" before going to see "The Chronicles of Riddick". George W. Bush explains to the American people that going to war was correct because he answers to Jesus Christ, then Peter and Jesus interrupt him to disagree with him like in Woody Allen's "Annie Hall". Jesus is invited to the "Tonight Show", hosted by Jay Leno.
Jesus assists the MTV Movie Awards, which is being hosted by Dane Cook, to present an award alongside The Pussycat Dolls. Jesus is found in Mary-Kate Olsen's apartment. While at the MTV Movie Awards, Jesus says "I used to hang around with only one whore". When Jesus is arrested, he rants saying that "Jews are responsible for all the world's wars", a reference to a similar outburst during Mel Gibson's DUI arrest. Lindsay Lohan is lampooned in the episode. In the record store Peter meets Jesus, some of the posters featured on the wall include the cover artwork for Pink Floyd's "The Dark Side of the Moon", Nirvana's "In Utero" and R.E.M.'s "Automatic for the People".
Reception.
According to Nielsen ratings, "I Dream of Jesus" was the most-watched program on Fox the night it originally aired. It was watched by 8.4 million viewers, and earned a 4.3/10 ratings share in the 18–49 demographic. Richard Keller of "TV Squad" praised the "Surfing Bird" and "Office Space" parody segments. Ahsan Haque of "IGN" rated the episode a 7/10, claiming the episode had entertaining moments, but was not one of the show's strongest efforts. Haque wrote, "Jesus on "Family Guy" should have been a big deal and featured far more laughs than it did." Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" praised the "Surfin Bird" plot, but stated that the Jesus story was abrupt, adding, "There was a lot of ground "Family Guy" didn't tread that they wanted to". L. Brent Bozell III of the Parents Television Council, a common critic of the show, took offense at this episode's portrayal of Jesus. Bozell said "this lying, slacker Jesus is even dumber than Peter, the greatest idiot on animated television today."
Seth MacFarlane was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance for his role as Peter Griffin in this episode, MacFarlane was also nominated for an Annie Award for Voice Acting in an Animated Television Production or Short Form for his work in "I Dream of Jesus" but lost to Ahmed Best for his role as Jar Jar Binks in "".
According to Seth MacFarlane, "I Dream of Jesus" was one of three episodes (along with "Road to Germany" and "Family Gay") submitted for consideration for "Outstanding Comedy Series" in the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards in 2009. He explained, "We picked three of our edgier shows as a choice. We figured if we are going to be damned, let's be damned for what we really are." The series was ultimately nominated for the award, the first time an animated series was nominated for the same category since the ABC sitcom "The Flintstones" in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19301897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301897" title="McAuley High School">
McAuley High School

McAuley High School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19301913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301913" title="Flamingo, Finland">
Flamingo, Finland

Flamingo is an entertainment centre in Vantaa, Finland, near the Jumbo shopping centre. The centre was named after Flamingo Las Vegas. It was opened in September 2008. Flamingo is the biggest entertainment centre in the Nordic countries and contains several shops and restaurants as well as a spa and a nightclub.

</doc>
<doc id="19301927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301927" title="Jack Jeffery">
Jack Jeffery

Jack Charles Jeffery (born 13 August 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Corinthian in the Southern Counties East Football League.
Career.
Jeffery joined West Ham United in 2004, where he was known as "JJ" by his team mates. During the 2007–08 season at West Ham, Jeffery featured regularly at under-18 level and also in the reserves, as well as loan spells at non-league clubs Hampton & Richmond Borough and Cambridge United. He joined League One club Leyton Orient on loan on 12 September 2008, and made his league debut the next day, coming on as a substitute during the first half in the home game against Stockport County. Jeffery's loan with Leyton Orient lasted only one game before he was injured and returned to West Ham. On 2 March 2009, Jeffery signed on loan for Eastbourne Borough until the end of the 2008–09 season. His first goals for Eastbourne came in a 3–0 win against Weymouth on 4 April.
At the end of the 2008–09 season, Jeffery was not offered a professional contract by West Ham and was released. Jeffery subsequently signed for Conference National club Grays Athletic. He was released from Grays in November, and went on to sign for Maldon Town. In early 2011, Jeffrey signed for Sevenoaks Town in the Kent League. In August, it was announced that he had signed for Isthmian League Division One North side Chatham Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19301937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301937" title="Tropical Snow">
Tropical Snow

Tropical Snow is a 1988 film starring Madeleine Stowe and David Carradine in a story about cocaine smuggling. Comedian Tim Allen has a minor role as a baggage handler.

</doc>
<doc id="19301947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301947" title="Eric Hänni">
Eric Hänni

Eric Hänni (born December 19, 1938) is a Swiss judoka who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he won the silver medal in the lightweight class. He currently lives in Bern, the Capital of Switzerland and still trains in the Judo-und-Jujitsu Club Bern (www.jjcb.ch) as well as the examiner for Swiss Judo Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="19301952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301952" title="Olivier de Puymanel">
Olivier de Puymanel

Olivier de Puymanel (1768 in Carpentras - 1799 in Malacca), Nguyễn Văn Tín (阮文信) or Ông Tín in Vietnamese, was a French construction officer and a French Navy volunteer and adventurer who had an important role in Vietnam in the 18th and 19th century. He played a key role in the modernization of the army of Nguyễn Phúc Ánh (the future Emperor Gia Long).
Olivier de Puymanel was second-class volunteer on board the French warship "Dryade". In 1788 he deserted his ship while in Pulo Condor. He soon entered into the service of the Vietnamese prince Nguyễn Phúc Ánh at the instigation of Pigneau de Behaine, who was setting up a force of French voluntiers to help the latter regain the throne.
Olivier de Puymanel supervised the construction of the Citadel of Saigon, according to the design of the French engineer in Vietnam Théodore Lebrun. 
He also trained Vietnamese troops in the modern use of artillery, and implemented European infantry methods in the Vietnamese army of Nguyễn Phúc Ánh. In 1792, Olivier de Puymanel was commanding an army of 600 men who had been trained with European techniques.
Puymanel built a fortress in Duyên Khanh, near Nha Trang, where he defended the city against Tây Sơn forces, together with Pigneau de Behaine and Prince Cảnh. In 1795, Puymanel engineered the campaign to take Nha Trang. 
Puymanel is said to have trained the 50,000 men of Nguyen's army, while Dayot was in charge of the Navy. The results of these French efforts at the modernization of Vietnamese forces were attested by John Crawfurd, who visited Huế in 1822:
Olivier de Puymanel also worked on the cartography of the Vietnamese coast, together with Jean-Marie Dayot, another French officer in the service of Nguyễn Phúc Ánh.
Pigneau de Behaine and Puymanel seem to have disliked each other, and Pigneau was rather unimpressed with Puymanel's drinking habits and reliance on Saigon prostitutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19301979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301979" title="Harald Nickel">
Harald Nickel

Harald Nickel (born 21 July 1953) is a German former footballer.
Nickel spent four seasons in the German Bundesliga with Arminia Bielefeld, Eintracht Braunschweig, and Borussia Mönchengladbach. Additionally, he played for several clubs in Belgium, as well as FC Basel in Switzerland. Nickel was also capped three times for West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19301982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301982" title="James Adler">
James Adler

James Adler (born November 19, 1950, Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer and pianist. Adler began his piano studies at age 10 with Elsie K. Brett. His teachers include Rose Willits, Mollie Margolies and Seymour Lipkin. He has coached with Rudolph Ganz, Ivan Moravec, Olga Barabini and Konrad Wolff.
In 1967, Adler won the Chicago Symphony Orchestra (CSO) Youth Auditions and made his debut with the orchestra in January 1968. Subsequently, he attended the Curtis Institute of Music, receiving a Bachelor's Degree in piano performance in 1973 and a Master's Degree in composition in 1976, studying with Myron Fink. He has appeared in recital on the CSO's Allied Arts Piano Series and performed in venues ranging from Alice Tully Hall and New York's Paramount Theatre at Madison Square Garden to London's Wigmore Hall and Royal Albert Hall to the Dimitria Festival in Thessaloniki, Greece. In 1996, his composition, "Memento mori - An AIDS Requiem", was premiered in Atlanta, Georgia, and was released on CD in 2001.
According to the "Chicago Sun-Times", Adler is a pianist who "can create whatever type of music he wants at the keyboard". He has received grants from Meet The Composer and from the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, and he is listed in "Who's Who in American Music" and the "International Who's Who in Music".
Adler currently lives in New York City and has been a member of the Department of Fine Arts faculty at Saint Peter's College in Jersey City, New Jersey, since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19301990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19301990" title="Gildor Roy">
Gildor Roy

Gildor Roy (born May 11, 1960 in Abitibi-Témiscamingue and raised in Rigaud, Quebec, Canada) is a Québécois actor. Gildor is the brother of Québécois actors Luc Roy, Yvon Roy and Maxim Roy.
Biography.
He is the ex-owner of a baseball - of which he was a player at first base - club in the Dominican Republic, from where his wife comes, also being a fan of the Boston Bruins.
Professionally, he was the host of the radio show "C't'encore drôle" with Michel Barrette on CKMF, and a regular on the comedy game show "Piment Fort", hosted by Normand Brathwaite. From 2002 to 2003, he was the host of the show "L'île de Gilidor". In 2009, he will be the host of a new breakfast television program on TQS.
Awards and nominations.
He was nominated for a Genie in the 1992 Genie Awards for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role for "Requiem pour un beau sans-coeur" (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="19302002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302002" title="It Keeps Rainin'">
It Keeps Rainin'

"It Keeps Rainin'" is a song recorded by Fats Domino in 1961, and written by Fats Domino, Dave Bartholomew and Bobby Charles. It was released in the US on Imperial 5753, and in the UK on London HLP-9374, as the B-side of "I Just Cry".
The song was covered by Bitty McLean in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19302011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302011" title="Gerhard Zotter">
Gerhard Zotter

Gerhard Zotter (born April 24, 1941) is an Austrian judoka who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the lightweight competition after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Eric Hänni.

</doc>
<doc id="19302029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302029" title="Shaun Fitzmaurice">
Shaun Fitzmaurice

Shaun Earle Fitzmaurice (born August 25, 1942 in Worcester, Massachusetts) is a former Major League Baseball player.
Fitzmaurice played for New York Mets in the season. In nine career games, he had two hits in 13 at-bats with two runs scored.
In addition to his brief Major League career, Fitzmaurice also participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics when baseball was a demonstration sport.

</doc>
<doc id="19302038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302038" title="H15">
H15

H15 or H-15 may refer to :
and also :
H.15 refers to

</doc>
<doc id="19302044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302044" title="Dia-BILL-ic Shock">
Dia-BILL-ic Shock

"Dia-BILL-ic Shock" is the season premiere of the 13th season of the Fox animated series "King of the Hill", and the 236th episode overall. It originally aired on September 28, 2008, and is rated TV-PG L. The episode's title references the phrase 'diabetic shock'.
Plot.
After collapsing while binging on carnival junk-food, Bill is diagnosed with diabetes. Hank and the others express concern at this news, and Hank steps in to coach Bill in improving his diet. However, old habits die hard, and another binge (and subsequent collapse) lands Bill back in the hospital. There, an egotistical and uncaring doctor, skeptical that Bill will ever change his habits for the better, tells him that his future will involve a slow death from the diabetes beginning with the loss of his legs, and advises Bill to get a wheelchair (which he really doesn’t need) while his insurance will still cover it.
Hank and the others are shocked and saddened when Bill returns to the alley in his wheelchair, and, believing this to be a permanent change, conspire to remodel Bill's house to make everything in it wheelchair-accessible and help him out however else they can. When Hank takes a downcast Bill to the park, Bill is befriended by a wheelchair rugby player nicknamed Thunder, who teaches him that he can still be independent despite needing to use a wheelchair. After Thunder lends Bill his spare rugby chair, Bill takes to the court himself; over time he proves to be a competitive, capable player, and his depression turns to confident delight with his new upper-body strength. However, as the rugby players loudly celebrate one of their games at a bar one night, Bill tipsily excuses himself to use the restroom... and makes his way on foot, impeded only by the beers he'd had. When Thunder and the other players indignantly protest Bill's 'deception', he attempts to explain that he has diabetes and whips out his blood glucose monitor - only to read normally, as all the exercise from playing rugby had reversed his condition.
Back at Bill's house, Hank, Dale, and Boomhauer are putting the finishing touches on a basketball court for Bill when Bill arrives, walking his own wheelchair in shame. The three are angered with him for having acted like he was handicapped, and, like the rugby players, refuse to speak to him. Depressed anew at having alienated all of his friends, Bill begins eating spoonfuls of granulated sugar in an attempt to regain his diabetes. Hank arrives, accompanied by Thunder, and stops him from eating the sugar; Hank and Thunder explain that Bill is inspirational in simply having cured his diabetes on his own. Later, an angry Bill beats up the disrespectful doctor in his office, while Hank covers for him to a nurse who says 'I don't hear a thing'.
Reception.
The episode drew 7.04 million viewers, down 2.00 from their lead-in’s ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="19302047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302047" title="Olivier Marchal">
Olivier Marchal

Olivier Marchal (born November 14, 1958 in Talence, France) is a French actor, director, screenwriter, and a former policeman. In 2005, he was nominated for three César Awards (best director, best film and best writing) for his film "36 Quai des Orfèvres". He also created the popular French television police drama "Braquo" and wrote and directed some episodes in its first season (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19302050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302050" title="Canton of Bonnat">
Canton of Bonnat

The Canton of Bonnat is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming, quarrying and forestry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Bonnat. The altitude varies from 210m (Nouzerolles) to 515m (Bonnat) with an average altitude of 332m. 
Population.
<br>
Composition.
The Canton of Bonnat comprises 13 communes and a total of 5342 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19302052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302052" title="Fronalpstock">
Fronalpstock

The Fronalpstock is a mountain located in Switzerland, specifically, in the canton of Schwyz, at 1,922 meters above sea level. The summit is accessible by cable car from the village of Stoos.

</doc>
<doc id="19302056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302056" title="Darman and Kudelin">
Darman and Kudelin

Darman (; also "Drman", "Dǎrman", "Durman") and Kudelin (Куделин) were two Bulgarian nobles who jointly ruled the region of Braničevo (in modern Serbia) as independent or semi-independent autocrats in the late 13th century (1273–1291). Regarded by historians to be "probably Bulgarians of Cuman origin", the two brothers used the weakened state of centralized administration in the region to become independent from the Second Bulgarian Empire or the Kingdom of Hungary in 1273. The capital of their domains was the fortress of Zhdrelo (Ždrelo, "gorge"), on the Mlava river. Relying on their army that consisted of people of various ethnicities, but mostly Bulgarians, Tatars and Cumans, the brothers were "very independent-minded and afraid of no one".
They regularly attacked their western neighbour, the Hungarian vassal Stefan Dragutin's Syrmian Kingdom, in Mačva, an area previously under the sovereignty of Elizabeth of Hungary. The Hungarian queen had sent troops to claim Braničevo in 1282–1284, but her forces were repelled and her vassal lands plundered in retaliation. Another campaign, this time organized by both Dragutin and Elizabeth, failed to conquer Darman and Kudelin's domains in 1285 and suffered another counter-raid by the brothers. It was not until 1291 when a joint force of Dragutin and Serbian king Stefan Milutin managed to defeat the brothers and, for the first time ever, the region came under the rule of a Serb, as it was annexed by Dragutin. The brothers were most likely killed in this campaign, as they disappear from the historical sources thereafter.
Darman and Kudelin were relatives or close associates of the Bulgarian "despotēs" Shishman of Vidin, the founder of the Shishman dynasty of Bulgarian rulers, as he proceeded to attack the Serbian domains to his west, presumably as a response to Dragutin's annexation of the neighbouring Braničevo.

</doc>
<doc id="19302061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302061" title="Vicky Locklin">
Vicky Locklin

Victoria "Vicky" Locklin is a British presenter and voice artist.
She is best known for freelancing with ITV Tyne Tees and ITV Yorkshire in the United Kingdom.
Career.
Vicky began as a broadcast journalist for Hallam FM in South Yorkshire and her quick wit and ability to interact with the listeners led to her being offered her own show and co-hosting the ratings winning breakfast show. She was head hunted to present in the bright lights of Leeds at 96.3 Radio Aire where she continued to flex her news and programming skills.
Her TV career began at ITV Tyne Tees in 2000, presenting "North East News" bulletins during GMTV. She then went onto presenting various non-news regional programmes for ITV Granada, ITV Tyne Tees and ITV Yorkshire, including "Homes", "Property Matters", which was later bought by the Property Channel, "Boot Sale Challenge", "Call Dr Jane" and "Baby shock".
Other credits include presenting up to four hours of live studio based interactive television on the health and beauty channel Wellbeing.
From mid-2000s until December 2008, Vicky could be seen presenting ITV Yorkshire's "Calendar" bulletins every Tuesday to Thursday. She also returned to ITV Tyne Tees occasionally, at weekends, presenting "North East Tonight".
She then focused on her company "In-the-Media". In January 2010, Vicky could be seen presenting for TV adverts.
In 2012 she emigrated to Majorca where she presents the lunchtime slot on Radio One Mallorca.
Personal life.
She graduated with a degree from Leeds University in Drama, film and photography and now lives in the sun soaked Island of Mallorca.Her son goes to a local school speaking Spanish and Catalan with her Partner Richard and with the support of his children Anna and Seth.

</doc>
<doc id="19302078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302078" title="Wilfrid Esteve">
Wilfrid Esteve

Wilfrid Estève (born Carcassonne, France in 1968) is a French photojournalist and portraitist. Since 1995, his work has appeared in publications including ELLE, Libération, Le Monde, Geo France, Marie-Claire, National Geographic France, Paris Match and VSD, and was awarded a "special mention" award in the 2005 Prix Nadar competition, along with other co-authors, for his work 'Photojournalism at the crossroads'.
Based on a philosophy of bearing witness and of inquiry, his photographic work concentrates on conflict zones and areas of breaking news, in (West Africa, Europe, and the Middle East). He is simultaneously pursuing a project of documenting immigration in France.
In 2005, he developed and directed a multidisciplinary project "Territories of fiction". In 2006 he co-founded the Hans Lucas audiovisual studio.
In 2008, he became co-director of the photo agency MYOP, and also participated in the creation of Photojournalism.fr, dedicated to news photography and photojournalism.
MYOP.
Since June 2008, Wilfrid Estève has shared the management of MYOP with Guillaume Binet and Lionel Charrier. The photo agency was created in 2005 and consists of 12 independent photographers. Its originality lies in its ability to show diverse points of view.
The members of the agency come from various backgrounds, including conceptual photography, photojournalism and documentary. Anchored in the political photography of the newspaper Libération, where most of the members of the agency do freelance work, the photographers of MYOP have done assignments for the most famous French and international newspapers such as Le Monde and magazines such as Elle, Géo, Marie Claire, National Geographic, Newsweek, Paris Match and The Times.
MYOP photographers have received awards for their work, including the W. Eugene Smith grant (Alain Keler in 1997), the Agena best humanitarian reportage prize (Alexis Cordesse in 1992), the Bourse 3P de Yann Arthus Bertrand (Alain Keler in 2004), two Bourses FIACR (Oan Kim in 2008), the Prix Nadar (Wilfrid Estève in 2005), the Paris Match prize (Alain Keler in 1986), World Press Photo (Alain Keler in the nature section, 1986), World Press Photo Joop Swart Masterclass (Alexis Cordesse in 1993), third prize Observer Hodge Award (Alexis Cordesse in 1995), Prix des Voies Off des rencontres photographiques d'Arles (Wilfrid Estève in 2000).
M.Y.O.P stands for "Mind Your Own Photography" (although it has also been said to mean "Mes Yeux Objets Patients" ("my eyes are patient objects"), a reference to Paul Eluard. Esteve left M.Y.O.P. in 2010 after a disagreement on the organization's goals and development with the other members.
Freelens-France.
Since 2004, Wilfrid Estève has led Freelens-France, formerly known as The National Association of FreeLens Journalist Reporters, Photographers and Filmmakers.
Freelens-France's objective is to assert the role and importance of photography in democratic debate. Founded in 1962, in the last five decades it has brought together some of the major figures of photojournalism, such as Henri Cartier-Bresson, Raymond Depardon, Gisèle Freund, Marc Riboud, Sebastião Salgado. In earlier years, the organization was led by Robert Doisneau, Roger Pic, Patrick Bard and Lorenzo Virgili. In July 2008, FreeLens-France launched the website Photojournalisme.fr, dedicated to news photography and photojournalists.
Teaching.
Since 1996, Wilfrid Estève has taught photojournalism at several well-known schools (l'École supérieure de journalisme de Lille), and specialized training centers (CFPJ or l'École des Métiers de l'Information, in Paris) as well as conducting workshops at festivals.
In 2006, he became the educational director of the photographic division of l'École des Métiers de l'Information.
In 2007, he put together the Prix Tremplin Photo, a scholarship awarded during the festival "Visa pour l'image" and dedicated to photojournalism.
A qualifying course in photojournalism, which Esteve co-manages with Mat Jacob of the collective Tendance floue and Lorenzo Virgili, counts among its former students the 2008 recipient of the prix Mark Grosset (Elisabeth Schneider), the 2007 recipient of the award Visa d'or Magazin au Festival International du Photojournalism Visa pour l'image and the Festival du scoop et du journalism d'Angers' Prix Special du Jury (Lizzie Sadin), the recipients in 2002 and 2004 of the Prix Kodak de la critique (Julien Daniel and Jérômine Derigny), the 2005 recipient of the grand Prix Calderon (Jérôme Sessini) of the festival du Scoop et du journalisme d'Angers, two recipients of the 3P scholarship (Lizzie Sadin and Frederique Jouval), the 2003 recipient of the grand Prix International du Reportage Humanitaire CARE (Florence Gaty), the recipient of the Prix Fnac Attention Talents 2002 and the Prix Fuji 2002 (Julien Daniel) and two recipients of the World Press Photo (Julien Daniel).
Territories of fiction.
In 2005, Wilfrid Estève launched the multimedia project "Territories of fiction," with Virginie Terrasse and Benjamin Boccas acting as artistic editors. The resulting exhibition, which included photography and video, examined France through the work of one hundred artists, 13 sound designers, 2 graphic designers, 28 filmmakers and 57 photographers. The project developed a concept called POM, Petite Oeuvre Multimédia (Small Works of Multimedia).
"Territories of fiction" toured France, Belgium, Italy and Poland, and has had approximately one million visitors since 2006. The project made its 2006 debut at the Galerie du Château d'eau, as well as on the walls of the Toulouse subway (usually dedicated to advertisements).
Marta Eloy Cichocka, journalist and university professor, writes of "Territories of fiction": " this bridge between information and art...the artists confront social frustration, the lack of confidence in politics and democracy, the revival of radical political parties, as well as problems linked to immigration and integration".
Oeil Public.
In 1995, Esteve was a co-founder of the photo agency Oeil Public ('The Public Eye') which he left in 2004. The agency closed its doors in 2009.
The agency won many prestigious photography awards (including the World Press Photo and Prix Kodak de la critique) and contributed to renowned international publications.
According to Michel Guerrin, "Oeil Public takes its rightful place as a descendant of the Magnum agency...for its independence and aesthetic, but also of the Viva agency, a superb team of rabble-rousers created in the aftermath of May 68..."
Quotes.
"For the past ten years the photographic world has been destabilized. New technologies have redefined the performance of our profession. Major changes have taken places in the fields of production, distribution and consumption. A new electronic economy has emerged. It upsets our ways of thinking, of working, of seeing the world, without having given us time to prepare for it. Now that photography has become a consumer good, it is necessary to act. Are we to encourage the bulimic consumption of information in an atmosphere of urgency? Should we be satisfied with feeding those illusion making machines, the stock agencies, and thus submerge and intoxicate the public with photographs? Doesn't the current approach to news lead us to a condition of "junk media"? In this market of over-consumption, it is necessary to take a step back, to analyze, and not to lose the thread of our history. Try not to focus on the events while forgetting the profound conditions that created them. Try to understand the way in which the public builds its vision of the world. Fight against the rise of ignorance, of intolerance and the fear of the other. Fear kills the spirit. The curiosity that comes with taking a picture is a necessary bridge to other cultures. Let us prevent the reader from being swallowed by the sensational and the author from turning into a voyeur. The media imposes its reality on us, and those responsible are assuring us an 'information spectacle'. Contemporary photography is at a crossroads. Preceding generations were focused around a journalistic approach based on eyewitness reports. Where does it stand today? It is unusual in France that a young photographer claims to be a photojournalist, that he develops a point of view, a relevant angle. However, trying to erase any trace of a political viewpoint from reporting contradicts its very meaning. It disinherits the dream and the revolt. By entering into history, photography loses its desire to reshape the world. We do not have the desire to mold a culture of consensus. Today, we no longer know how to show, we don't even know how to see. The threat lies in the fact that financial results take the place of testimony and emotion. And that the mandate of a subculture replaces a unified world vision. Let's not forget that to exclude, also means to be deprived of the vision of the other, and that the way through which we inform and get information, is a major aspect of democracy."
Wilfrid Estève during the conference "Is photojournalism a political action?" organized in 2005 by Visa pour l'image.

</doc>
<doc id="19302095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302095" title="Canton of Bourganeuf">
Canton of Bourganeuf

The Canton of Bourganeuf is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and forestry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Bourganeuf. The altitude varies from 271m (Saint-Martin-Sainte-Catherine) to 721m (Soubrebost) with an average altitude of 452m. 
Population.
<br>
Composition.
The Canton of Bourganeuf comprises 13 communes and a total of 6280 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19302101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302101" title="Maria egiziaca">
Maria egiziaca

Maria egiziaca ("Saint Mary of Egypt") is an opera "in three episodes" by the Italian composer Ottorino Respighi. The libretto, by Claudio Guastallo, is based on a Medieval life of Saint Mary of Egypt by Domenico Cavalca. The work was originally intended as a concert piece although it has been fully staged in some revivals. It was first performed at Carnegie Hall, New York on 16 March 1932. Both the language of the libretto and the music employ archaism; Respighi's score contains stylistic echoes of Gregorian chant, Renaissance music and Monteverdi.
Synopsis.
The prostitute Mary suddenly feels an overwhelming longing to travel to Jerusalem. Here she repents her sins and an angel tells her to go to the desert where she lives in prayer until old age. She is found dying by the saint, Zosimus, who digs her grave with the help of a lion.

</doc>
<doc id="19302102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302102" title="It's Everly Time">
It's Everly Time

"It's Everly Time" is an album by the rock and roll duo The Everly Brothers, released in 1960. It peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard Pop albums chart. "It's Everly Time" was their first album on Warner Bros. after leaving the independent label Cadence.

</doc>
<doc id="19302110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302110" title="TVersity Media Server">
TVersity Media Server

TVersity Media Server is a software package that allows a personal computer to stream content to UPnP devices, such as the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Wii, regardless of the limitations of the device. For example, the Xbox 360 does not support most codecs. TVersity Media Server transcodes the video on the PC into a compatible codec and then streams it to the device.
TVersity aims to:
While built from open source components, TVersity Media Server as a whole is not open source(except for the bundled codecs). TVersity Pro sells for $39.99 in the U.S., though there is also a low cost version available that does not stream from online video sites. As of 2.0 there is no free edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19302121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302121" title="Guillaume Durand (journalist)">
Guillaume Durand (journalist)

Guillaume Durand is a French journalist, born 23 September 1952, in Boulogne-Billancourt (Hauts-de-Seine).
Son of Lucien and Nicole Durand (famous French artists) and former professor of history and geography, he presented the News the weekend and evening the week of La Cinq (1987–1990 and 1990–1991). Presenter of "Nulle Part Ailleurs" on Canal + (it will be returned), he went to France 2 "Esprits Libres" (2006–2008), "L'objet du scandale" (2009). 
Presenter of a talk show on Europe 1, he present "La Matinale" on Radio Classique. 
He married his second wife, Diane de MacMahon (descendant of Patrice de MacMahon, 3rd President of the French Republic), he is the father of four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19302122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302122" title="Galenskaparna och After Shave">
Galenskaparna och After Shave

Galenskaparna och After Shave is the collaborative name of two Swedish comedy groups, Galenskaparna and After Shave, from Gothenburg. In 1982 the two groups joined in order to collaborate on the revue show "Skruven är lös", and the collaboration has continued. Since the early 1980s, Galenskaparna och After Shave have produced nearly 28 revues, restaurant shows, and tours, as well as 8 movies, 5 television series and 30 studio albums.
Galenskaparna och After Shave has made some of the biggest movie, TV, song and revue successes in Swedish history, including TV series "Macken" (The Petrol Station), the movie "Hajen som visste för mycket" (The Shark that Knew Too Much) and the revue "Stinsen brinner" (The Station Master is on Fire).
Members.
Galenskaparna is a comedy troupe which was formed in 1978. Members of the group are Anders Eriksson, his older brother Claes Eriksson and Kerstin Granlund. Granlund and Claes Eriksson had previously appeared together in a popular student comedy group called Utan Lots, 1972–77, at university.
After Shave formed in 1979 as a barbershop quartet at Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg. Its members are Jan Rippe ("bass"), Knut Agnred ("solo"/"tenor") and Per Fritzell ("tenor"). Peter Rangmar ("baritone") was the fourth member, but he died in 1997 of cancer ("melanoma").
Most of the original members of the two groups are still members of Galenskaparna & After Shave; the exceptions are Rangmar, who was a member until his death, and Granlund, who left the group in the early 2000s. The motor and key person of the group is often said to be Claes Eriksson, as he generally is the writer and director of the group's various productions, and also the person writing the songs for the productions.
The group is influenced a lot by the humour of both Monty Python and Hasseåtage, as well as Povel Ramel (in terms of his musical humour and playfulness with texts and lyrics), and also the physical comedy of Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton. Claes Eriksson is also a sharp political critic, and uses humour to comment on Swedish society and politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19302125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302125" title="Cohoes City Hall">
Cohoes City Hall

Cohoes City Hall is located at 97 Mohawk Street in the city of Cohoes, New York, United States. It combines elements of the Chateauesque and Romanesque Revival architectural styles popular when it was built in 1896. J.C. Fuller, the Kansas state architect at the time, was chosen for his experience in designing public buildings. 
It is a contributing property to the Downtown Cohoes Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is symbolic of the city within the Capital District, and is used in Cohoes' current seal. The city government and police department are based in it.
It is faced in smooth ashlar limestone with alternating bands of rough stone. Its Chateauesque aspects, such as the stonework, irregular silhouette, conical-roofed towers, wall dormers and ornamental cresting with filials. The main entrance's rounded arch with support from thick, foliated columns is a distinct Romanesque touch, however.
In recent years its age has made it a difficult building to keep warm in the wintertime. Even with the windows closed, City Hall has been drafty. The city installed Cellular Shades, and later window insulating panels, to keep it warm.

</doc>
<doc id="19302134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302134" title="Dayglo (disambiguation)">
Dayglo (disambiguation)

Dayglo and similar can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19302161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302161" title="PalaOnda">
PalaOnda

PalaOnda or Eiswelle is an indoor sports arena in Bolzano, Italy. Built in 1993, it has an Ice Hockey seating capacity for 7,200 people.
It was built to host the 1994 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships along with Forum Di Assago.
It is the home arena of the Hockey Club Bolzano-Bozen ice hockey team, of the Serie A ice hockey league.
The arena hosted the 2010–11 CEV Champions League final four.

</doc>
<doc id="19302172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302172" title="The Dayglo Pirates">
The Dayglo Pirates

The Dayglo Pirates are a UK-based Jethro Tull tribute band. Formed in 1996, they have played to fans' conventions in Italy, Spain and Germany, as well as numerous gigs in the UK. Recently, their vocalist and flautist Paul Forrest appeared on stage with the real Jethro Tull, at the Pavilion Theatre Bournemouth
on April 16, 2008.
The name of the band, The Dayglo Pirates, is taken from the lyrics to the song "Up To Me" on the album, "Aqualung":
"The rainy season comes to pass,
The day-glo pirate sinks at last.
And if I laughed a bit too fast,
Well it was up to me".
The Dayglo Pirates were featured in issue no. 102 (January 2007) of "Classic Rock" magazine.
Set list.
The Dayglo Pirates play songs from Jethro Tull's first album "This Was" (1968) through to "Stormwatch" (1979). At an April 2008 gig, the set list was:
Personnel.
The members of the Dayglo Pirates are:
They have had just one change in personnel, the original keyboard player Dave Bott leaving for personal reasons in 2005. Their regular sound engineer is Tony Shettle.
Interactions with Jethro Tull.
Letter from Ian Anderson.
The band sent Ian Anderson of Jethro Tull a video of the Dayglo Pirates in action in November 1998. Ian replied encouragingly, congratulating them on doing "a fine job", and provided
this quote:
"If the guys can get the haircuts a bit more up-to-date and work on the between songs patter, you might even fool me on a good night. Come to think of it, what are you doing Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays? I could use some time off so perhaps we can come to some arrangement if you promise to never tell a soul ..."
Guest appearances.
The Dayglo Pirates have been joined on stage by former members of Jethro Tull on several occasions:
Radio interview.
On 16 October 2003, Paul Forrest and Tom Andrews of the Dayglo Pirates, and Ian Anderson of Jethro Tull, were interviewed by Neil Pringle of BBC Southern Counties Radio.
Paul Forrest guests at Jethro Tull concert.
On April 16, 2008, Paul Forrest of the Dayglo Pirates appeared as a special guest of Jethro Tull at a concert at Bournemouth Pavilion. Paul played flute and sang on a medley of "We Used To Know"
and "With You There To Help Me", and again on "Locomotive Breath" during the encore.
Venues.
European Events.
The Dayglo Pirates have played at the following European events:
UK Venues.
The following are some of the venues that The Dayglo Pirates have appeared at in the UK:

</doc>
<doc id="19302175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302175" title="Canton of Boussac">
Canton of Boussac

The Canton of Boussac is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and forestry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Boussac. The altitude varies from 298m (Malleret-Boussac) to 656m (Toulx-Sainte-Croix)
with an average altitude of 458m. 
Population.
<br>
Composition.
The Canton of Boussac comprises 13 communes and a total of 5515 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19302185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302185" title="Uwe Dittus">
Uwe Dittus

Uwe Dittus (born 3 August 1959) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder throughout the 1980s.
Career.
Dittus started playing professionally in 1979 with Karlsruher SC and he went on to make over 200 appearances for the club before he left in 1986 to join Viktoria Aschaffenburg. He played at Viktoria for just one season and signed for Belgium's KFC Winterslag in 1987. He was there for just one year, also, and moved to FC Basel of Switzerland in 1998 and retired in 1991.
From 1979 until 1980, he played for the West German Under-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="19302202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302202" title="Sivaji Ganesan filmography">
Sivaji Ganesan filmography

The filmography of Sivaji Ganesan comprises 282 films in Tamil, 19 in Telugu, two in Kannada, three in Malayalam and three in Hindi in guest roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19302211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302211" title="Djalma Bom">
Djalma Bom

Djalma Bom (born March 29, 1939) is a former Brazilian politician and a founding member of the country's Workers' Party, the party of former president Luís Inácio Lula da Silva.
In 1978 Djalma joined the board of the Steel Worker’s Union with Luis Inácio Lula da Silva then on the road to become an important leader. Together they organized major activities including strikes. These strikes were not seen under favourable light by the military government and the Union main board was jailed for a month in May 1980.
In early 1982 a group of academics, union leaders such as Lula and Djalma, and intellectuals founded the Workers' Party, a left-wing party created during the military dictatorship and, in the upcoming elections in November, Djalma was elected to a seat in Congress in Brasilia. In 1988, he became the Vice-Mayor of São Bernardo do Campo. 
He was re-elected in 1994 to the Legislative Assembly in São Paulo, and retired after this tenure.
Idalina Mantovani.
Idalina Rodrigues Mantovani ( November 29, 1940 - January 18, 2011 ) was a pedagogue, former “Second Lady” of São Bernardo do Campo and ex-wife of Brazilian politician Djalma Bom (1939)
Early life.
Born in Alvares Machado, a small city in the country side of São Paulo, Idalina was the youngest daughter of Spanish farmer Jeronimo Rodrigues (1895–1953) and Santina Mantovani (1896–1974).
At the sudden death of her father when she was 13, her mother moved downtown with the two youngest daughters and later to São Paulo.
Marriage and family.
Idalina was introduced to Djalma by his sisters. After three years dating, the couple got married on December 19, 1964.
They bought a house in São Bernardo do Campo. In September 1965 their first son Douglas was born followed by the birth of their daughter Mara in 1968. The Bom family settled for a quiet life: he went to work at Mercedes-Benz while she stayed at home with the small children. But soon their life would change as Djalma became a member of the board of the Steel Worker’s Union in 1978 together with Luis Inácio Lula da Silva then on the road to become an important leader.
Political Wife.
In the late 1970s, Lula, Djalma and other leaders helped organize major union activities including huge strikes. These strikes were not seen under favorable light by the military government and they were jailed for a month in May 1980.
In 1982 a group of academics, union leaders such as Lula and Djalma, and intellectuals, founded the Partido dos Trabalhadores (PT) or Workers' Party, a left-wing party with progressive ideas created in the midst of the military dictatorship.
Around this period, Idalina then a shy housewife, emerged as an outspoken and supportive wife helping her husband through good and bad times and also during the campaigns. In the elections of 1982 Djalma was elected with 165.000 votes for a seat in Congress in Brasilia and in 1988, he became the Vice-Mayor of São Bernardo do Campo. 
Though she helped her husband attending social functions and foreign trips (Cuba and Nicaragua in 1984) the couple’s relations began deteriorating and they separated in 1989. One of her last appearances before leaving the political arena was during the ceremony in which Djalma was to take over the office of Mayor of City for a brief time. He would be elected again in 1994 for the Legislative Assembly in São Paulo and retire after this tenure.
After the separation, Idalina decided to pursue her own interests: she furthered her education and received a University degree in 1993 in pedagogy; she taught during sometime and worked with underprivileged children before retiring.
Admired and respected by the local people in the city for her work, courage and dignity, mainly during the years of oppression, she no longer took part in political events but used to admit she was rather pleased to see her old “friend Lula” running the country. She died of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19302221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302221" title="Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990">
Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990

Austria and Österreichischer Rundfunk (ORF) used a national final to select their entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, with the winner being decided through a mixture of televoting (50%) and an expert jury (50%). The winner of the final was Duett with the song "Das Beste", however they were disqualified after it was revealed they had competed with the same song in the 1988 German National semi-final. The winner was then declared as Simone Stelzer with the song "Keine Mauern Mehr".
National final.
The Austrian national final took place on 15 March in Studio Z1 of the ORF-Zentrum in Vienna, hosted by Lizzi Engstler, the Austrian entry of the 1982 contest. The winner was decided through a 50/50 jury and televoting method. The percentages shown are the combined percentages of the jury and televoting.
At Eurovision.
Stelzer performed 20th on the night of the contest, following Italy and preceding Cyprus. At the close of the voting she had received 58 points, placing 10th of 22 countries competing.

</doc>
<doc id="19302224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302224" title="Corviglia">
Corviglia

Corviglia is a minor summit overlooking St. Moritz in Switzerland. At an elevation of , it is accessible from the village by the St. Moritz–Corviglia funicular. At Corviglia, an aerial tramway climbs west to the Piz Nair (), unloading slightly below its summit. 
Corviglia is also the name of the ski area directly above St. Moritz. This area, together with the fully integrated Marguns area which is centered above the neighboring town of Celerina, is the largest skiing area in the Engadin. It hosted the alpine skiing events of the 1948 Winter Olympics and the World Championships in 1974 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19302241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302241" title="Francis Donkin Bedford">
Francis Donkin Bedford

Francis Donkin Bedford (1864–1954), also known as F. D. Bedford, was a British artist and illustrator. He lived in London, and exhibited at the Royal Academy, from 1892. He painted genre scenes.
Bedford's works include illustrations for "A Book of Nursery Rhymes" (1897), "The Books of Shops" (1899), "Four and Twenty Toilers" (1900), "The Visit to London" (1902), "Peter and Wendy" (1911), "The Magic Fishbone" (1921), "A Christmas Carol" (1923), and "The Cricket on the Hearth" (1927).

</doc>
<doc id="19302243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302243" title="Brian Bowles (baseball)">
Brian Bowles (baseball)

Brian Christopher Bowles (born August 18, 1976) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher, born in Harbor City, California. He was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 50th round of the 1994 amateur draft. Bowles signed on to play minor league baseball in the Blue Jays organization. He batted and threw right-handed during his baseball career.
Major League Baseball career.
Bowles made his Major League debut for the Blue Jays at age 24. That year, he went on to record an era of 0.00 in 3.7 innings. In 2002, Bowles had an earned run average of 4.05 in 20 innings, going 2-1. In 2003, Bowles recorded a 2.57 era in 7.0 innings. On October 15, 2003, Bowles was granted free agency. Less than two months later, Bowles signed with the Milwaukee Brewers. After failing to make the Major League roster in 2004, Bowles was released by the Brewers on July 8. On July 21, he signed with the Colorado Rockies. Bowles, however, became unhappy in the Rockies system. On October 15, 2004, Bowles was again granted free agency. On March 6, 2005, Bowles was signed by Chicago White Sox. After failing to make the roster, Bowles was released on March 30, only 24 days after he was signed. After not playing in 2005, Bowles was signed on March 4, 2006 by the Baltimore Orioles. After the season, Bowles was granted free agency. On November 13, 2006, Bowles was signed by the San Francisco Giants. He did not, however, play a game as Giant. After playing the season for the Triple-A Fresno Grizzlies, Bowles retired. Bowles now is a pitching coach and teacher for Palos Verdies Peninsula High School.
At the time of his retirement Bowles had a 2-1 record, a 3.23 ERA, 17 walks, and 25 strikeouts. His lifetime fielding percentage was .800.
Pitching Style.
Bowles threw a 91 MPH four-seam fastball, an 89-90 MPH two-seam fastball in addition to an 84-86 MPH slider,and an 80-84 MPH forkball. Bowles' fastballs were his best pitches.

</doc>
<doc id="19302252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302252" title="Donald Francis Roy">
Donald Francis Roy

Donald Francis Roy (1909–1980) was a sociologist on the faculty of Duke University from 1950 to 1979. Well known for his field work into industrial working conditions, workplace interactions, social conflict, and the role of unions. Roy received a bachelors degree and Masters from the University of Washington where he did ethnographic fieldwork in a Seattle shantytown and his PhD from the University of Chicago. Roy's work surveys much of blue-collar America (beginning in 1934 he took employment in around 24 "bottom rung" jobs in 20 industries), and is of great importance to Marxist analysis of the time.
Banana Time.
Roy is perhaps most well known for a paper entitled "Banana Time"—published in Human Organization in 1959. "Banana Time" has become one of the most highly cited ethnographic studies papers in organizations and industrial sociology. "Banana Time" describes Roy's experience working in a garment factory in New York. As well known is a series of papers arising from his PhD examining piecework in a machine shop in Chicago—coincidentally, the same shop that was the site for the research for 30 years later. The paper describes how industrial workers made work and workplaces more tolerable by building relationships and engaging in off-task acts of camaraderie to break up the day. Roy describes a series of different "times" throughout the day that signal very short breaks and that acted as markers throughout the monotonous workday. Of these, banana time, was a point each morning when a banana would be stolen from one workers lunch box and a predictable, but entertaining, interplay would ensue.

</doc>
<doc id="19302254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302254" title="Canton of Châtelus-Malvaleix">
Canton of Châtelus-Malvaleix

The Canton of Châtelus-Malvaleix is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and forestry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Châtelus-Malvaleix. The altitude varies from 266m (Genouillac) to 566m (Roches) with an average altitude of 373m. 
Population.
<br>
Composition.
The Canton of Châtelus-Malvaleix comprises 10 communes and a total of 3844 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19302255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302255" title="Perry Dean Rogers Architects">
Perry Dean Rogers Architects

Perry Dean Rogers is an architectural firm based in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1923, the firm became notable for its designs for educational institutions. The firm was originally founded as Perry, Shaw & Hepburn and was responsible for the restoration of Colonial Williamsburg. The firm asserts their expertise in creating the context of university environment. Perry Dean Rogers have recently completed designing an entire college campus, masterplan and the individual buildings, for the Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering in Needham, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19302294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302294" title="Zona B">
Zona B

Zona B is a Serbian blues rock band from Belgrade.
History.
Former Idoli bassist Zdenko Kolar and drummer Dušan Ristić "Rista" officially formed Zona B on November 29, 1986. After several personnel changes, the band got a default lineup featuring Jovan "Lole" Savić (vocals), Dušan "Duda" Bezuha (a former Suncokret member, guitar), Tomislav "Toma" Rakijaš (guitar) and Vladimir "Buca" Filipović (keyboards). The band performed cover versions of blues classics by B.B. King, Muddy Waters, J.J. Cale, and became one of the most notable club bands in Belgrade.
In 1991 the band released their debut album called "Bestseller" featuring cover versions of blues classics and produced by Bezuha. The album featured covers of Willie Dixon's "Spoonful", Fleetwood Mac's "Oh Well", J.J. Cale's "Cocaine)", The Nashville Teens' "Tobacco Road", among others. The album was released through PGP RTB. Guest appearances on the album featured Bebi Dol on vocals and Petar "Pera Joe" Miladinović on harmonica.
The next release was "Juke-Box" which, beside cover versions, featured two Zona B songs written by Bezuha and Savić, "My Woman" and "Don't Put Me Down". The album was produced by Bezuha and was released by PGP-RTB. As guests on the album appeared Saša Lokner (Hammond organ), Svetozar "Zoran" Božinović (guitar, vocals), Petar "Pera Joe" Miladinović (harmonica), Miroslav "Cvele" Cvetković (bass, vocals), Ivan Božinović "DJ. Ike" (vocals)
After the album release, Savić, Rakijaš and Filipović left the band. Their replacements were Petar "Pera" Zarija (vocals), Svetozar "Zoran" Božinović (a former Pop Mašina and Rok Mašina member, guitar, vocals) and Ljuba Đordević (harmonica).
The new lineup performed Božinović's song "Negde daleko" which was originally recorded by Pop Mašina. The cover appeared on the "Blues Summit Coupe Vol. 1" various artists compilation. The new lineup also recorded a new album, "Pirat", released in 1999 by Round Records. Guest appearances featured Vlada Divljan (guitar), Ognjan "Ogi" Radivojević (Hammond organ), Petar "Pera" Radmilović (drums), Miroslav "Cvele" Cvetković (vocals), Ivana Ćosić (vocals). After the album release, Đordević left the band and guitarist Dragan "Dadi" Stojanović joined the band. In 2000 the first two LPs were rereleased on CD on the "Two on One" compilation.
In 2005 after a five-year discography pause, the band released the album "Original" with fifteen Zona B songs written by Slobodan "Boca" Samardžić, Miomir "Muki" Mušicki and Dragan "Dadi" Stojanović. The album was released through One Records and produced by Duda Bezuha, like all the previous releases. Guest appearances featured the band's first vocalist, Jovan "Lole" Savić and Petar "Pera Joe" Miladinović on harmonica.
The band's latest studio album, "Devil Blues", was released in 2007. However, Božinović in the meantime died, and the band became a five-piece. The album was released by One Records and produced by Bezuha. In 2007 appeared the band's live release which is actually an official bootleg recording of the bands 2006 appearance in Aleksinac.
In 2010, the band recorded the song "The Joker", dedicating it to Serbian tennis player Novak Đoković. In 2011, the band celebrated 25 years of existence with a concert with the blues band Point Blank, held in Gun club in Belgrade. During the same year, the band released the album "Joker", featuring 15 songs, with music written by Bezuha, and the lyrics written by Mušicki. The album featured numerous guests: Vasil Hadžimanov, Ognjen Radivojević, Tanja Jovićević, Miroslav Cvetković "Cvele", and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19302309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302309" title="Sohae Satellite Launching Station">
Sohae Satellite Launching Station

Sohae Satellite Launching Station (, also known as Tongch'ang-dong Space Launch Center and Pongdong-ri) is a rocket launching site in Cholsan County, North Pyongan Province, North Korea. The base is located among hills close to the northern border with China. The spaceport was built on the site of the village Pongdong-ri which was displaced during construction. It was the site for the April 13, 2012 launch of North Korean satellite Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 which was being launched to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-Sung. The rocket launch failed, but on December 12 of the same year Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 Unit 2 was successfully launched and brought into Earth orbit.
The launches were controversial as they were dismissed by the US as tests of ballistic missile technology and hence of breach of an agreement made between North Korea and the USA in February 2012.
History.
Signs of construction were visible during the early 1990s and became more pronounced by the early 2000s. A major progress in the construction was discovered in 2008 by Jane's Information Group, which requested imagery from the satellite company DigitalGlobe. Movements from the Sanum’dong missile research factory with the erector transporter and railroad, road transportation to the space center of a prototype Unha-3 class booster first two stages initially took place over May 29–31, 2009 possibly for logistics testing as well as personnel facilities infrastructure testing training purposes. The results of those tests suggest that military and design specialists ultimately decided to build a facilities access railroad to cut down the 15 kilometer road access logistics issues to the space center.
By early 2011 it was reported that the construction was completed and that it had been under construction for a decade. The first official mention of the site took place in March 2012 when North Korea announced it will launch from that site the satellite Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3. On April 2012, prior to the launch of the satellite, Jang Myong-jin, director of the Sohae, introduced the launching process of the Unha-3 rocket (Korean: 은하-3호, 銀河-3) during a guided media tour.
The first launch of Kwangmyongsong-3 on 12 April 2012 failed. On December 1, 2012, the Korean Central News Agency announced that a second version of Kwangmyongsong-3 was to be launched from Sohae between December 10 and December 22, 2012. North Korea declared the launch successful, and the South Korean military and North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) reported that initial indications suggested that an object had achieved orbit. North Korea had previously claimed the Kwangmyŏngsŏng-1 and Kwangmyŏngsŏng-2 launches successful, despite American military sources confirming that they failed to achieve orbit.
Location.
The spaceport is located on the west coast of North Korea at Cholsan County, North Pyongan Province, several kilometers southwest of the village of Tongchang-dong. Three villages, Yongdae-dong, north-east of the site, and Pongdong-ni and Kwi-gol were partially demolished during the construction. The spaceport is about 15 kilometers (over 9 miles) south of the town of Cholsan that has a rail siding and is located at . The entrance to the site is located at and the launch pad is located at . It might be that the site was chosen due to its obscureness from direct airborne and seaborne observation by nearby hills. The sea approaches are protected by extreme tidal fluctuations
and extensive mud flats. While airborne reconnaissance is significantly impacted by the facility’s location at the northern reaches of the Yellow Sea between North Korean and Chinese airspace. A single all-weather road connects the launch facility to a rail-to-road-transfer-point located at the town of Cholsan, over 15 kilometers to the north.
Facilities.
The entire facility occupies over six square kilometers, and consists of a launch site, a static rocket motor test stand, vehicle checkout and processing buildings, a launch control building, a large support area, a complex headquarters building and an entry control point. The site is five times larger than Tonghae Launch Site. The entrance is situated about 2 kilometers from the main launch pad and has an area where visiting vehicles can park. There is much speculation about the functions of different parts of the site but the nuances of satellite photography based guesswork may not be communicated effectively in the mass media.
Western sources identified a building as a "high bay processing facility" which turned out to be the launch control centre when the site was visited by journalists. The building previously identified as the control centre was actually an observation point.
Launch area.
The launch area consists of a tall umbilical tower adjacent to rail served movable launch pad measuring . The launch pad sits towards the western end of a large concrete area in which a pair of rails is laid. When a rocket is on the pad it would be sitting next to the tower on the north side. A blast deflector can be seen on the western side of the pad. This takes turns the exhaust gases from a rocket launch through 90 degrees and funnels them out horizontally on to the nearby hillside.
Engine test stand.
A static engine test stand is located approximately one kilometer south of the launch pad on the edge of a canyon facing south at . A concrete support pad measures while the concrete engine test pad measures . The engine test stand is supported by four concrete piers. There is an apparent steel support tower measuring .
The site is supported by a semi-buried fuel and oxidizer building measuring . This is connected to the test pad by a buried conduit running .
Radar.
A mobile radar trailer essential for any launch stands at the end of a new dirt road running from the entrance of the site and has a dish antenna that's probably a radar tracking system, according to the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. However it later moved and the same institute say it could also be a satellite communications dish.

</doc>
<doc id="19302317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302317" title="Cities Service Concerts">
Cities Service Concerts

The Cities Service Concerts were musical broadcasts which had a long three-decade run on radio from 1925 to 1956, encompassing a variety of vocalists and musicians.
The concerts began with trial broadcasts in the New York area during 1925 and 1926
Graham McNamee was the announcer for the brass group of Edwin Franko Goldman when the hour-long program began February 18, 1927 on NBC, expanding to a symphonic sound with Rosario Bourdon and a 30-piece orchestra that summer along with the Cavaliers quartet.
On January 3, 1930, Jessica Dragonette brought her repertoire of 500 songs to the series, often doing duets with Frank Parker and generating top ratings during the 1930s. She was replaced by soprano Lucille Manners in 1937. Other performers during this period were Robert Simmons and James Melton. Along with the Cities Service Singers, baritone Ross Graham (1905-1986) arrived in 1939. Graham was also heard on "Show Boat". Maestro Dr. Frank Black headed the show from at least 1938 to 1942 along with Manners and Graham.
The title changed to Highways in Melody in 1944 when Paul Lavalle was the orchestra leader. Lavalle continued after the show was retitled yet again as The Cities Service Band of America which experimented with simulcasting (audio broadcast separately over the radio) in 1949 and 1950. The series came to an end on January 16, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19302338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302338" title="Canton of Le Grand-Bourg">
Canton of Le Grand-Bourg

The Canton of Le Grand-Bourg is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and forestry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Le Grand-Bourg. The altitude varies from 315m (Saint-Pierre-de-Fursac) to 539m (Fleurat) with an average altitude of 389m. 
Population.
<br>
Composition.
The Canton of Le Grand-Bourg comprises 7 communes and a total of 3928 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19302356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302356" title="Nepal Medical College">
Nepal Medical College

Nepal Medical College & Nepal Medical College Teaching Hospital (NMCTH) form two sides of the same health institution, established primarily for imparting Medical including Health Sciences Education for the Daughters & Sons of Nepal in particular and the Daughters & Sons of the Global Community in general. At the same time the NMCTH provides health care services from its Tertiary Care Hospital as well as Community Satellite Health Centre and undertakes scientific research.

</doc>
<doc id="19302359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302359" title="Oupa Monareng">
Oupa Monareng

Oupa Ephraim Monareng is a South African politician, a former member of the African National Congress and was a member of the National Assembly from 2004-2009. He is on the Johannesburg Mayoral Committee with a portfolio for Economic Development.

</doc>
<doc id="19302370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302370" title="Uwe Dreher">
Uwe Dreher

Uwe Dreher (born 13 May 1960) is a German former footballer who played as a striker throughout the late 1970s and 1980s.
Career.
Dreher started out with Stuttgarter Kickers in 1978. He played there for five years, scoring 66 goals in 137 games, before signing for FC Basel in 1983. In 1986, he left for FC Schaffhausen but injury forced him to retire in 1989. Since November 2007, he is coaching the German amateur club TSV Lustnau.
Dreher also played one game for the German under-21 national team. The game against the Netherlands in Mönchengladbach ended 1–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19302381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302381" title="Idiographic image">
Idiographic image

In the field of clinical sciences, an idiographic image (from Greek ιδιος-γραφιχος: "ídios" + "graphikós", meaning ""to describe a peculiarity"") is the representation of a result which has been obtained thanks to a study or research method whose subject-matters are specific cases, i.e. a portrayal which avoids nomothetic generalizations.
In the field of psychiatry, psychology and clinical psychopathology, idiographic criterion is a method (also called "historical method") which involves evaluating past experiences and selecting and comparing information about a specific individual or event. An example of "idiographic image" is a report, diagram or health history showing medical, psychological and pathological features which make the subject under examination unique.
"Where there is no prior detailed presentation of clinical data, the summary should present sufficient relevant information to support the diagnostic and aetiological components of the formulation.
The term "diagnostic formulation" is preferable to diagnosis, because it emphasises that matters of clinical concern about which the clinician proposes aetiological hypotheses and targets of intervention include much more than just diagnostic category assignment, though this is usually an important component".
The expression idiographic image appeared for the first time in 1996 in the SESAMO research method Manual.
This term was coined to mean that the report of the test provided an anamnestic report containing a family, relational and health history of the subject and providing semiological data regarding both the psychosexual and the social-affective profile. These profiles were useful to the clinician in order to formulate pathogenetic and pathognomonic hypotheses.

</doc>
<doc id="19302388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302388" title="Gods Hand">
Gods Hand

Gods Hand is an album by Axe Murder Boyz. Released in 2008, it is the first of two albums that Canonize released in association with Hatchet House before AMB left the label in 2011. The album peaked at #11 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart and #36 on the Top Independent Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19302417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302417" title="Dover, Michigan">
Dover, Michigan

Dover may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="19302439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302439" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's 50 metre rifle three positions

Women's 50 metre rifle three positions (then known as "standard rifle") was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Renata Mauer, who had won the air rifle competitions a few days earlier, set a new Olympic record of 589 points in the qualification round, but failed to win the double as she was surpassed in the final by Aleksandra Ivošev, winning on the final Olympic record score of 686.1, and Irina Gerasimenok.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19302451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302451" title="London Correctional Facility">
London Correctional Facility

The London Correctional Institution is located in Union Township, Madison County, just west of London, Ohio, southwest of Columbus. It was originally known as the London Prison Farm. From 1913 - 1925 it was a branch of the Ohio Penitentiary in Columbus. In 1925, it became a separate facility. The prison currently accommodates approximately: 2,500 adult males in three security levels: minimum, medium and close-security.
Construction and Ohio State inmates.
When the London Prison Farm was first proposed, there were two possible locations, Plain City and London. The decision was made to build the prison in London and the land, most of which was swamp, was purchased from John Ellsworth. In 1910, honor inmates were transported from the Ohio State Penitentiary to London by railway to construct the prison.
Facilities for the inmates.
Originally, prisoners were housed in dormitories, each of which held around 300 men. There were isolation cells in case an inmate had to be punished. By March 1928, the prison housed 507 inmates. All the inmates were examined at Columbus Prison and if the men didn’t have any diseases, they were shipped to the Farm. The London Prison Farm had different types of vocational training, but no educational program for the inmates. Today, London is one of the least costly institutions in Ohio's DR&C to operate.
Present day.
The London Correctional Institution now owns around . Over $30 million have been spent to renovate the prison. As of November 2013, the population was 2,283 inmates. The prison has a staff of 379 employees.
Programs for the inmates.
The London Correctional Institution provides programs for the inmates, such as the Family Life Centers and The New Beginnings Unit. Now, the facility has a reading room for inmates and their children. Inmates are also able to earn their GEDs and other academic diplomas. Vocational programs include, auto technology, barbering, HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning), web based design, animal training, and culinary arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19302495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302495" title="Lindiwe Hendricks">
Lindiwe Hendricks

Lindiwe Benedicta Hendricks (b. 29 July 1957 in Vryburg, Northern Cape) is a South African politician and a member of the National Assembly. She has served as Minister of Water and Environmental Affairs in the Department of Water Affairs and Forestry from 22 May 2006 to 10 May 2009.
She previously served as Minister of Minerals and Energy from 2005 to 2006, and Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry from 1999 to 2005. She was a partner of Ngwane & Ngwane Attorneys, a law firm based in Durban, from 1986 to 1988, and was an attorney at the Supreme Court from 1995 to 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19302503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302503" title="Canton of Guéret-Nord">
Canton of Guéret-Nord

The Canton of Guéret-Nord is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and light industry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Guéret. The altitude varies from 283m (Jouillat) to 685m (Guéret) with an average altitude of 424m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Guéret-Nord comprises the following 6 communes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19302504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302504" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 52 kg

The Men's Freestyle 52 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19302509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302509" title="Volume of Sacred Law">
Volume of Sacred Law

Volume of Sacred Law (VSL) is the Masonic term for whatever religious or philosophical texts are displayed during a Lodge meeting.
In English-speaking countries, this is most often the King James Version of the Bible or another standard translation of the Bible. If a Lodge has non-Christian members, other texts may be used, and in Lodges with a membership of mixed religions it is common to find more than one sacred text displayed. Every candidate is given his choice of religious text for his Obligation according to his beliefs.
One of the most notable individual VSLs is the George Washington Inaugural Bible. It belongs to St. John's Lodge No. 1 in New York City and has been used at its meetings since 1767. It is famous, however, for being the Bible used at the first inauguration of George Washington as President of the United States. It was also used (sometimes in conjunction with another Bible) for the Presidential inaugurations of Warren Harding, Dwight Eisenhower, George H. W. Bush, and Jimmy Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="19302525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302525" title="Monster Philosophy">
Monster Philosophy

Monster Philosophy is the tenth album by Danish rock band D-A-D. It was released on the November 10, 2008. The album was produced by Danish producer Jon "Joshua" Schumann, who has previously produced records for bands as Kashmir, Mew and Kent. The basic tracks for the album were recorded over a two-week period in at Shorefire Recording Studios in New Jersey. Overdubs and further post-production took place in Mannsion Studios and Sun Studios in Copenhagen.
Tracklist.
The title track "Monster Philosophy" was released as the lead single for the album. Lead singer Jesper Binzer first announced on the band's online diary, that the album would contain 13 songs. 
On their 2007 and 2008 summer tours D-A-D played "Money Always Takes The Place Of Life", "Beautiful Together" and "Too Deep For Me" (then titled Roxity). They also performed a song called "The Tyrants" that has been omitted from the album, but was released as a single b-side with the 2009 release of The Overmuch Box under the title "Tyrants". 
External links.
This album on D-A-D's official homepage

</doc>
<doc id="19302532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302532" title="Tomohiro Miyoshi">
Tomohiro Miyoshi


</doc>
<doc id="19302537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302537" title="Afonso, Prince Imperial of Brazil">
Afonso, Prince Imperial of Brazil

Dom Afonso (23 February 1845 – 11 June 1847) was the Prince Imperial and heir apparent to the throne of the Empire of Brazil. Born in Rio de Janeiro, he was the eldest child of Emperor Dom Pedro II and Dona Teresa Cristina of the Two Sicilies, and thus a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza. With the birth of his child, the insecure and shy 19-year-old Emperor Pedro II became more mature and outgoing. Afonso's arrival also fostered a closer and happier relationship between his parents, who had not married for love.
Afonso died from epilepsy at the age of two, devastating the emperor. After the subsequent loss of his other son, doubts grew in Pedro II's mind that the imperial system could be viable. He still had an heir in his daughter Isabel, but he was unconvinced that a female would prove to be a suitable successor. He became careless about the effects of his policies on the monarchy, provided his daughter Isabel with no training for her role as potential empress, and failed to cultivate her acceptance within the country's political class. Pedro II's lack of interest in protecting the imperial system ultimately led to its downfall.
Infancy and early death.
Birth.
Afonso was born at 13:35 on 23 February 1845 in the Palace of São Cristóvão, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He was named after his ancestor Afonso I, Duke of Braganza, son of King João I of Portugal and founder of the House of Braganza (Portuguese: "Bragança"). His full name was Afonso Pedro de Alcântara Cristiano Leopoldo Filipe Eugênio Miguel Gabriel Rafael Gonzaga. Through his father, Emperor Pedro II, he was a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza (Portuguese: "Bragança") and was referred to using the honorific "Dom" (Lord) from birth. Afonso was the grandson of Emperor Pedro I of Brazil and nephew of Queen Maria II of Portugal. Through his mother, Teresa Cristina, he was a grandson of Francesco I and nephew to Ferdinando II, who ruled as kings of the Two Sicilies in turn.
The U.S. minister in Brazil reported that his birth was heralded "by rockets and artillery, and was followed by a grand fetê day at court... and by illuminations and displays of various sorts and public rejoicings". As was customary within the House of Braganza, Afonso's birth was a formal event attended by the imperial court. Pedro II immediately presented the new born baby to the throng gathered in the palace, announcing "Gentlemen, it is a prince whom God ..."—here he was overcome with emotion and was unable to continue. The birth of a much needed male heir—thus regarded by contemporaries—was met with joy throughout the empire. Luís Alves de Lima e Silva (then Baron and later Duke of Caxias) wrote to his father: "No one was happier than I with the news the prince's birth".
Death.
Afonso was healthy, and as the eldest son of Pedro II, was heir to the throne and styled "Prince Imperial". The young prince resembled his father, particularly in his face, hair and eyes. Because of his gender and position as heir apparent, he became the center of attention, particularly for Pedro II. A letter written by Pedro II to his elder sister Maria II a few months after the birth of his second child—a daughter named Isabel—displayed his happiness: "No news here save the good state of health of myself, of the empress, and of the little ones, who are becoming increasingly cute, principally little Afonso, who is already walking and who says many words, still half incomprehensible, the which increases their charm."
On 11 June 1847, the young prince was playing in the library of the palace when he experienced a series of strong convulsions and died, not quite two and a half years old. His death revealed that Afonso suffered from epilepsy, as did his father. The grief of Pedro II and his wife was enormous. It was feared that the shock might affect Teresa Cristina's health, as she was pregnant at the time with her third child. She later gave birth without complications on 13 July to a girl, who was christened Leopoldina. The devastated emperor wrote a letter to his stepmother, the Empress Amélia, dated 11 July 1847, telling her of Afonso's death: "With the most piercing grief I tell you that my little Afonso, your godson, unfortunately died of convulsions, which he suffered during five hours on the 4th of last month; and a few days ago little Isabel was put at risk by a strong attack of convulsions that greatly frightened me."
A grand state funeral—not seen since the death of Pedro II's sister Paula in 1833—was held for the Prince Imperial at 7 p.m. three days after his death. He was buried in the "Convento da Ajuda" (Convent of Aid) in Rio de Janeiro. When the convent was demolished in 1911 his remains were moved to the mausoleum of the "Convento de Santo Antônio" (Convent of Saint Anthony) in Rio de Janeiro, where other members of the Brazilian House of Braganza (including his younger brother Pedro, his uncle João and his aunt Paula) are also located.
Legacy.
The prince's early death (and the later demise of his younger brother) had an enormous impact on Pedro II: on a personal level, on his future conduct as monarch, and on the empire. In his eyes, the deaths of his only sons seemed to presage the end of the imperial system. Although the emperor still had a legal successor in his daughter Isabel, in the male-dominated society of the time he had little confidence that a woman could rule Brazil. He was fond and respectful of the women in his life, but he did not consider it feasible that Isabel could survive as monarch. He did nothing to prepare Isabel for the responsibilities of ascending the throne, nor did he attempt to encourage acceptance of a female ruler among the political class.
Pedro II began his rule as a figurehead who held together a realm on the verge of disintegration. He quickly matured and successfully navigated the empire through repeated and serious crises. By the time of Afonso's death, the nation was entering an unprecedented era of prosperity, development and tranquility. Even as the emperor's political successes and policies began to bear fruit, the lack of a male heir caused him to lose motivation to promote the imperial office as a position to be carried on by his descendants. The emperor turned away from personal and family ties, and focused on upholding the constitution while directing Brazil toward policies that furthered modernization and social advancement. The future of the monarchy as an institution no longer mattered to him, and in 1889, he was deposed in a coup, marking the end of the Empire of Brazil.
Titles, styles.
Titles and styles.
The prince's full style and title was "His Imperial Highness Dom Afonso, Prince Imperial of Brazil".
Honors.
Prince Afonso was a recipient of the following Brazilian Orders:

</doc>
<doc id="19302544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302544" title="Nanda Kishor Pun">
Nanda Kishor Pun

Nanda Kishor Pun (), alias Pasang, is the chief commander of the People's Liberation Army in Nepal. He is also a member of Central Committee of UCPN (M).
Pun was born in Rangsi, in northwestern Rolpa district. He became involved in radical student politics and became a district committee member of Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre). In 1990 he became district president of the youth wing of the party. When the party was divided in 1994, Pun sided with the wing that would become the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). His youth organization was converted into a militia, that took part in the launching of People's War in February 1996. After the PLA was formed in 2001 he became commander of the first PLA battalion. Eventually he would become one of four deputy commanders of the PLA. During the war he led PLA forces in several battles.
On September 12, 2008, Pasang was appointed chief of the PLA by the CPN(Maoist).

</doc>
<doc id="19302551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302551" title="Forro in the Dark">
Forro in the Dark

Forro in the Dark is a New York-based collective of Brazilian expatriates that formed in 2002. The group combines the musical style of forró (pronounced "faux-HAW"), “the percussion-heavy, rhythmic dance music” of their native Brazil, with elements of rock, folk, jazz, and country.
History.
Formation and "Bonfires of São João".
In celebration of his birthday (October 16), Mauro Refosco invited some friends over for a forró-style jam session at Nublu, a nightclub located in the East Village district of New York City. The group was such a hit that they started a weekly residency at the club. Their public prominence increased due to their extended residency at Nublu, where they came into contact with prominent New York influence David Byrne, who helped propel further recognition for the band when they collaborated on Forro in the Dark’s 2006 album "Bonfires of São João".
In November 2006, Forro in the Dark released their debut album "Bonfires of São João", which includes guest performances from Bebel Gilberto, David Byrne and Miho Hatori. In regards to the album, Allmusic noted that “Forro in the Dark hang on tightly to the danceability of the music but are keen to expand the music's sonic parameters. A reggae tune, 'Limoeiro do Norte,' spotlights a wobbly flute up front, while 'Que Que Tu Fez' crosses an insistent Afro-Caribbean rhythm with flamenco handclaps, a flighty flute, and a spry vocal. Guest stars liven up the proceedings: David Byrne vocalizes exuberantly on two tracks, including 'Asa Branca,' a forro standard, and the Brazilian diva Bebel Gilberto donates a rich, sultry lead vocal to the airy ballad 'Wandering Swallow.' Miho Hatori of the band Cibo Matto further blurs the lines by bringing a Japanese pop taste to Gonzaga's 'Paraiba'…"
The group toured throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe in 2007 to promote the album. During this time they recorded the song “City of Immigrants” that was featured on “Steve Earle’s Grammy-winning album "Washington Square Serenade"”.
"Light a Candle".
Following the 2008 release of their EP "Dia de Roda", Forro in the Dark began work on their second full-length album "Light a Candle". Guest artists on the LP include Sabina Sciubba of Brazilian Girls who appears on the track “Silence Is Golden” and singer-songwriter Jesse Harris who provides vocals for the song “Just Like Any Other Night”. The album also features covers of forró classics like “Saudades de Manezinho Araujo” by Teo Azevedo and “Forro de Dois Amigos” by Edmilson do Pífano. 
SFWeekly regarded the band as “the genre [of forró even further, adding fuzzed-out guitar riffage, turntable scratchery, and breathy, honking sax…and recorded live with only minimal overdubs, giving them a rushing vibrancy…the band's tunes shudder and shake like an epileptic belly dancer.”
In 2009, the band collaborated with singer-songwriter Brett Dennen for a live session recording made available on iTunes. Refosco was also announced as the percussionist for Thom Yorke's new live band Atoms for Peace (which also includes Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Joey Waronker of Beck and Nigel Godrich).
Refosco joined the Red Hot Chili Peppers touring lineup as a percussionist in 2011 and has been with them ever since.
Musical style.
As described by Refosco, forró “is a happy, danceable music based on four elements: simple melodies, basic harmonies, driving rhythms and funny lyrics. Those elements are traditionally performed by three instruments: a triangle, an accordion, and a zabumba, a drum pitched somewhere between a low snare and a small bass”. The band alternates between these musical components as they include various guitars and other percussion instruments, such as a Bahian drum called the timbau, along with traditional forró components. Continentino plays a variety of wind instruments including a wooden flute called the pifano, instead of the accordion.
Steve Klinge from The Philadelphia Inquirer describes the band as “and [recontextualizing the northeastern Brazilian music...forro…it's a frantic, zippy collision of percussion, flute, and electric guitar with an occasional sax solo and lyrics in Portuguese and English. It's polyrhythmic street-party music with a downtown edge."
Members.
All four members participate as vocalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19302564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302564" title="First Chicago Method">
First Chicago Method

The First Chicago Method or Venture Capital Method is a context specific business valuation approach used by venture capital and private equity investors that combines elements of both a multiples-based valuation and a discounted cash flow (DCF) valuation approach. 
The First Chicago Method was first developed and consequently named for First Chicago Corporation Venture Capital, the predecessor of private equity firms Madison Dearborn Partners and GTCR.
Method.
The First Chicago Method takes account of payouts to the holder of specific investments in a company through the holding period under various scenarios; see Quantifying uncertainty under Corporate finance. Most often this methodology will involve the construction of:
Once these have been constructed, the valuation proceeds as follows. 
Use.
The method is used particularly in the valuation of growth companies which often do not have historical financial results that can be used for meaningful comparable company analysis. Multiplying actual financial results against a comparable valuation multiple often yields a value for the company that is objectively too low given the prospects for the business. 
Often the First Chicago Method may be preferable to a Discounted Cash Flow taken alone. This is because such income-based business value assessment may lack the support generally observable in the market place. Indeed, professionally performed business appraisals go further and use a set of methods under all three approaches to business valuation.
Variations of the First Chicago Method are employed in a number of markets, including the private equity secondary market where investors project outcomes for portfolios of private equity investments under various scenarios.
External links and references.
Notes
Links

</doc>
<doc id="19302565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302565" title="Canton of Guéret-Sud-Est">
Canton of Guéret-Sud-Est

The Canton of Guéret-Sud-Est is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and light industry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Guéret. The altitude varies from 310m (Sainte-Feyre) to 685m (Guéret) with an average altitude of 416m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Guéret-Sud-Est comprises 4 communes and a total of 7149 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19302575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302575" title="Takahiro Fujimoto">
Takahiro Fujimoto

Fujimoto started his career as an actor in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19302579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302579" title="Thierry Ebe">
Thierry Ebe

Thierry Ebe (born 25 June 1976) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays for FC Bavois. He was voted as the international player of the decade in 2010. He is a complete tank.

</doc>
<doc id="19302585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302585" title="California Artificial Stone Paving Co. v. Molitor">
California Artificial Stone Paving Co. v. Molitor

California Artificial Stone Paving Co. v. Molitor, , involved a bill that was filed by the appellant against the appellee complaining that the latter was infringing on a letters patent granted to one John J. Schillinger, and which had been assigned for the State of California to the complainant. 
The patent was for an improvement in concrete pavement was originally issued July 19, 1870, and reissued May 2, 1871. The improvement, as described in the reissued patent, consisted in laying the pavement in detached blocks separated from each other by strips of tar paper or other suitable material so as to prevent the blocks from adhering to each other. As stated in the specification:
The case of Wilson v. Barnum was especially worthy of note in this connection. The question certified in that case was whether, upon the evidence given, the defendant infringed the complainant's patent. Chief Justice Taney, delivering the opinion of the Court, said:
The case was dismissed, with directions to the circuit court to proceed therein according to law.

</doc>
<doc id="19302592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302592" title="Alberto Villalón">
Alberto Villalón

Alberto Villalón Morales (Santiago de Cuba, 7 June 1882 – Havana, 16 July 1955) was one of the greatest musicians in the Cuban trova style. 
He was the only one of the 'four greats' of the trova to come from a well-to-do family. Villalón and his sister América studied guitar with Pepe Sánchez, the father of the trova movement. Later, he studied classical guitar to achieve a really excellent technique. He composed his first canciones and boleros at fourteen, and moved to Havana in 1900. In 1907 he recorded on "Edison" cylinders. In 1908 he formed the Cuarteto Villalón with Adolfo Colombo (tenor), Claudio García (baritone), Emilio Reinoso (mandolin), and Alberto Villalón (guitar). Colombo and García were regular members of the "Teatro Alhambra" company; Colombo was the most recorded singer of the age.
A difference between Villalón and the other early trovadors was in his guitar technique. With his training he preferred picking (punteado) instead of strumming (rasgueado), which had been the main technique previously. This gave him a wider range of harmonic possibilities and a characteristic style. He had a second career in 1927 when he became a founding member of the Septeto Nacional de Ignacio Piñeiro. Alberto brought into the septet Juan de la Cruz and Benvenido León, who had been playing with him in a trio. The addition of the first really great sonero, Abelardo Barroso (1905 – 1972), made the Nacional the best group in Cuba for its time.
Villalón's career, then, connected the world of trova with the world of son which became central to Cuba's popular music for the rest of the century.

</doc>
<doc id="19302617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302617" title="List of Punch-Out!! characters">
List of Punch-Out!! characters

This is a list of characters appearing in the "Punch-Out!!" series.
Main characters.
Doc Louis.
Doc Louis appears as the sole challenger in the Club Nintendo exclusive "Doc Louis's Punch-Out!!".
Cameo characters.
"Punch-Out!!" plays host to several cameo characters. Whereas the original "Punch-Out!!" shows several Nintendo characters in the audience, including Donkey Kong Jr. and Mario, Mario appears as a referee in the NES "Punch-Out!!". Recently, Donkey Kong appears as an opponent to protagonist Little Mac. Princess Peach was once considered for this role. 
Reception.
Topps and Nintendo of America made a series of trading cards featuring characters from the "Mario", "The Legend of Zelda", "Double Dragon", and the NES "Punch-Out!!" series. The "Punch-Out!!" cards are of the various opponent boxers that Little Mac fights. The cards have scratch-off spots on them.

</doc>
<doc id="19302623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302623" title="Canton of Guéret-Sud-Ouest">
Canton of Guéret-Sud-Ouest

The Canton of Guéret-Sud-Ouest is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and light industry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Guéret. The altitude varies from 350m (Guéret) to 690m (La Chapelle-Taillefert) with an average altitude of 491m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Guéret-Sud-Ouest comprises the following 5 communes.

</doc>
<doc id="19302637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302637" title="Billy Teare">
Billy Teare

Billy Teare is a well-known Irish storyteller. Originally from Ballycarry, he now resides in Larne, Antrim, Northern Ireland. 
Billy has appeared on stage, TV, the big screen and radio in guises ranging from chicken hypnotist to jester. From his teens he honed his audience skills in a career on the tough Belfast comedy circuit
In the past twenty years, he has used his humour and stage presence to tell stories in hundreds of early years settings, schools, libraries, community groups, council and cultural venues, as well as being a featured artist at ALL the major folk and storytelling festivals around the world. (Including the far reaches of the Yukon).
Billy incorporates songs, music, magic, juggling and a whole host of theatre skills, to enliven a multi cultural feast of original, modern and traditional tales, monologues, rhymes, chants and audience participation.
Unique in using the educational area of critical thinking and recall, his treatment of narrative has proved highly effective for students and teachers alike. He is currently working on a book, containing his 'Tell a Tale Toolkit' techniques. He has also worked collaboratively with various other artists and groups, including BBC Northern Ireland and the Verbal Arts Centre, Derry. 
Among his prestigious appearances: Storyteller in Residence, International Storytelling Centre, Tennessee, 2008, BBC Folk Proms event 2008, return performance at the Yukon International Storytelling Festival (2000, 2001, 2006), Beyond the Border: The Wales International Storytelling Festival (2005), The Toronto International Storytelling Festival, Sidmouth International Folk Festival (1999, 2001, 2003)
In 2013 Billy Teare co wrote a volume of 'Antrim Folk Tales' with Kathleen O'Sullivan: his storytelling partner for over ten years. The book, published by The History Press, Ireland, is due for publication in Jan 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19302651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302651" title="Elephantoidea">
Elephantoidea

Elephantoidea is a taxonomic group that contains the elephants as well as their closest extinct relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="19302662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302662" title="Colin Tatz">
Colin Tatz

Colin Tatz, a Natal University and Australian National University graduate, has been Professor of Politics at the University of New England, Armidale, and at Macquarie University, Sydney. He became the director of the Australian Institute for Holocaust and Genocide Studies. 
Colin Tatz was born in South Africa. In 1964 Tatz received his PhD from the Australian National University. He is an author of several books and published articles on race politics, genocide, the Holocaust and antisemitism, and racism in sport.
Bibliography.
Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="19302671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302671" title="Josip Lukačević">
Josip Lukačević

Josip Lukačević (Serbian Cyrillic: Јосип Лукачевић; born 3 November 1983 in Brčko) is a Bosnian professional footballer playing as a defender for Osijek.

</doc>
<doc id="19302672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302672" title="Great River Regional Library">
Great River Regional Library

Great River Regional Library is a library system serving Benton, 
Morrison, Sherburne, 
Stearns, Todd and Wright Counties in central Minnesota. It is a consolidated library system made of 32 branch libraries, with a headquarters at the St. Cloud Public Library.
The St. Cloud Public Library now occupies a new building, which replaced a smaller one.
Branch libraries are located in the following cities:
Annandale,
Becker,
Belgrade,
Big Lake,
Buffalo,
Clearwater,
Cokato,
Cold Spring,
Delano,
Eagle Bend,
Elk River,
Foley,
Grey Eagle,
Howard Lake,
Kimball,
Little Falls,
Long Prairie,
Melrose,
Monticello,
Paynesville,
Pierz,
Richmond,
Rockford,
Royalton,
St. Cloud,
St. Michael,
Sauk Centre,
Staples,
Swanville,
Upsala, and
Waite Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19302676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302676" title="Josh Smith (soccer)">
Josh Smith (soccer)

Josh Smith (born August 30, 1982 in Dallas, Texas) is an American soccer midfielder, currently without a club. He was the 2003 NCAA Division III Player of the Year.
College.
Smith attended Trinity University, playing on the men’s NCAA Division III soccer team from 2000 to 2003. He was a 2001 third team and a 2002 and 2003 first team Division III All American. He was also selected as the 2003 NSCAA Division III Player of the Year as Trinity won the Division III National Championship.
Professional.
In 2004, he turned professional with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division. After two seasons in Charleston, he moved to the Atlanta Silverbacks for the 2006 season. Smith lost the 2007 season after tearing his anterior cruciate ligament. In 2008, he joined the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19302688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302688" title="CPDRC Dancing Inmates">
CPDRC Dancing Inmates

CPDRC Dancing Inmates or the CPDRC dancers is a collective of prison inmates in Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center (CPDRC), a maximum security prison in Cebu, in Cebu Province, Philippines where the prisoners perform dance routines as part of their daily exercise and rehabilitation, and many of their performances are filmed and released online, making them a popular feature among fans and veritable online celebrities.
Byron F. Garcia, the official security advisor to the Cebu government, is credited for starting a program of choreographed exercise routines for the inmates. He was appointed head of the prison by his sister Gwendolyn Garcia, governor of Cebu Province. The prison is best known for its rendition of Michael Jackson's "Thriller" video. The prison management has also released a video explaining the concept behind the prison management at CPDRC.
History.
Byron Garcia had originally wanted to introduce a program at Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center (CPDRC) where inmates would exercise for an hour each day. He also claims in a British documentary that his inspiration came while watching the movie "The Shawshank Redemption" in particular the scene where the sounds of Mozart's "Figaro" flood the prison yard. Garcia initially introduced an exercise program where the prisoners marched in unison, starting out with marching to the beat of a drum, but moved on to dancing to pop music; he began with one of his favourite songs, Pink Floyd's "Another Brick in the Wall". He chose camp music such as "In the Navy" and "Y.M.C.A." by The Village People, so macho prisoners would not be offended at being asked to dance.
Garcia's first upload of prisoner choreography was the Algorithm March, with 967 inmates, but only generated 400 views in its first eight months. The next upload, "Thriller", however, enjoyed a massive response.
The prison now even has its own official choreographer teachers, like Vince Rosales and Gwen Laydor. Some prisoners are chosen more prominently for more sophisticated routines while the general prison population (sometimes up to 1,500 inmates) participate with simpler more accessible routines.
"Thriller" video.
On July 17, 2007, Garcia uploaded "Thriller" on YouTube, a rendition of Michael Jackson's music video. The video has Crisanto Nierre as Michael Jackson's role and openly gay inmate Wenjiel Resane as the role of Jackson's girlfriend. Both Crisanto Nierre and Wenjiel Resane enjoy popularity amongst YouTube fans, and their faces usually highlighted quite often in most later videos.
On December 19, in an article on "Most Popular Viral Videos", "Time" magazine ranked CPDRC's "Thriller" fifth on its Top 10 list. "Time"'s stated description of the prisoners was: "Orange-jumpsuited accused murderers, rapists, and drug dealers paid homage to Michael Jackson's Thriller in a dance performance filmed at the Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center in the Philippines".
Public performances.
On October 6, 2007, Cardinal Archbishop Ricardo Vidal visited CPDRC for the first time, and the prisoners performed six dances for him, as part of the celebration of the Prison Awareness Month; the Archbishop noted, "It was a marvelous show of discipline. If only they had practiced that (discipline) in their lives, they wouldn't be here."
CPDRC requested to participate in the 438th Founder's Day celebration. About 20 inmates were chosen to perform in front of the Cebu Capitol. They performed a medley of "Thriller", "Jump", and "Radio Ga Ga") Donations from the performance totaled 1.6 million peso (). The governor and provincial officials were so moved, that they included all 1,500 inmates in a share of the mid-year bonuses for Capitol employees. Each inmate was given 1,000 Philippines pesos () for good behavior. On December 27, Michael Rama, acting mayor of Cebu City, announced that the Sinulog Foundation executive director Ricky Ballesteros informed the former of the possibility of CPDRC’s participation, but was concerned about parade security. In January 2008, Cebu provincial governor Gwen Garcia, visited CPDRC and took part in some of the dancing exercises with the prisoners.
"Together in Electric Dreams" by Philip Oakey and Giorgio Moroder, and "Ice Ice Baby" by Vanilla Ice were presented during the Garcia's visit to the prison, on her birthday in October. A competition was held amongst the prisoners as to who would take the lead role of Vanilla Ice in the dance.
In April 2008, CPDRC established a two hour program, planned for the last Saturday of every month, where visitors could watch the inmates perform, have their pictures taken with inmates, and buy souvenir T-shirts. 19 year old Egan Torrecampo, a lead dancer, said, "When we are dancing we tend to forget why we were here in the first place."
Ten hours after their inspiration, Michael Jackson, passed away on June 25, 2009, the 1,500 CPDRC inmates performed a tribute show which included songs "Ben", "I'll Be There", and "We Are the World".
The "Queen Medley" consisting of eight Queen songs notably includes the performance of popular gay/transvestite prisoner Wenjiel Resane dressed as a ballerina performing a major routine. Wenjiel was most famous for his performance in "Thriller" with prisoner Crisanto Nierre. The CPDRC 8-minute group performance of Queen songs ends with the appeal "Peace to mankind" and a quotation from Byron Garcia: "If we make life like a living hell for these fallen angels, then we might just be turning out devils once they are released and re-integrated into society".
"Grease Lightning" was performed on November 28, 2009, on the third anniversary of a shooting at CPDRC between feuding gangs. Arabo, a surviving gang leader, was given a lead dancer position. It was his last performance before he was transferred to Manila's Muntinlupa prison to continue his three consecutive life sentences (or minimum 90 years before parole) for a triple murder.
This Is It.
"They Don't Care About Us" with intro from "Bad" was performed by the CPDRC inmates on January 19, 2010. The dance was specially choreographed for them by Travis Payne, the Michael Jackson choreographer and associate director of "This Is It". Through an initiative of "Sony Pictures Home Entertainment", Payne and two of the top dancers of Michael Jackson's "This Is It" show, Daniel Celebre and Dres Reid performed with the CPDRC inmates in the Cebu prison, with all the inmate dancers wearing This Is It tribute black T-shirts. Payne, Celebre, and Reid taught the routine to the inmates in the span of 2 days, and all three took part with them in the public performance. The video shoot was part of the global launch of Jackson’s "This Is It" DVD by Sony Pictures Worldwide. The specially prepared mix contained dance routines and sampling from Michael Jackson's "Bad" in the intro, and a tribute to Martin Luther King while an audio of his speech is being played. Will Devaughn, a popular Filipino model and actor took part in the routine carrying a poster of the African-American civil rights activist. King is specifically mentioned in the song lyrics as well ("Some things in life they just don't wanna see / But if Martin Luther was livin' / He wouldn't let this be"). In addition to the dance video, a feature video of Payne and the MJ Dancers visit to the prison, the dance practices and visits to Cebu officials was made to document this initiative. Payne and company also danced to "Thriller" with the inmates. The "Thriller" viral video by the CPDRC inmates featuring Crisanto Nierre and Wenjiel Resane had catapulted the inmates to fame. "Michael saw the Cebu dancing inmates on YouTube and enjoyed them immensely", said his choreographer, Travis Payne. "During rehearsals, we would watch and he would get tremendous joy". Sony Pictures' Fritz Friedman told "USA Today", "We thought it would be a great idea to pay homage to MJ on the occasion of the release of "This Is It" by going to Cebu and having Travis work with the dancers to create this piece which is from the film." The inmates also made special performance of their Michael Jackson tribute routine.
Suspension of public performances.
In February 2010, Cebu governor Gwen Garcia ordered that the program be put on hold, pending investigation of proper accounting practices for donations received by generous admirers of the CPDRC program. The inmates’ longstanding choreographer, Gwen Lador also resigned. Bryon's contract as Capitol security consultant had also not been renewed past 2010. Media reports talked about strains in relationships between Gwen Garcia and Byron Garcia, as Gwen instructed the Provincial Agriculture Office to continue with the reform and intensify the program on "planting of crops inside the compound" instead of dancing, expressing concerns that the dance performances were overshadowing the general rehabilitation program.
After a public outcry asking for the resumption of the dancing program for the inmates, Cebu Capitol consultant Rory Jon Sepulveda said that the rehabilitation by way of dancing at the CPDRC has continued, but the public viewing has been put on hold. "The CPDRC is now on regular operations—the dancing continues to be one of the rehabilitation activities", said Sepulveda. Furthermore, Sepulveda said, "Public performances will resume once the mechanism for full accountability on donations are in place". Also, as a sharp contrast from earlier days, , the dancing has become optional. About half of the prisoners said that they would not take part if the performances were not public. The Governor sought the services of the original "Thriller" choreographer, Vince Rosales, to teach the dance routines inside the jail facility for the inmates.
On September 29, 2012, after "insistent demand" from the public, and after many months of no online releases, the CPDRC dancers returned to perform "Gangnam Style", an international dance hit by South Korean rapper PSY, in the rain.
Dances and presentations.
The following is a list of dance and presentation videos uploaded by Byron Garcia and others.
Medleys.
Source: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OK25cfzdTTg]
Source: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRiUjXp_BOE]
Criticisms.
The prison has been criticized by prison rehabilitation experts and human rights campaigners who claim that the enforced dance routines are exploitative and not proper rehabilitation. Some former prisoners have alleged violence against those who refuse to join in. Amnesty International notes that cruel, inhumane, and degrading conditions persist in Philippine prisons, jails, and other detention centres. They have stated their concerns about overcrowding, insufficient food provision, poor ventilation, and poor sanitation.
Human rights group Karapatan has also filed complaints against the Garcias and the wardens, alleging inhuman treatment of detainees.
In popular culture.
The CPDRC dancers have been featured in a number of news items.
Implementation in other prisons.
Byron Garcia, the warden who created the dancing program for the inmates, has put up a team of former "Dancing Inmates" to spread the message of "Music and Dance Therapy" to all jails nationwide in the Philippines. This is a pioneering initiative to institutionalize music therapy in other jails, similar to CPDRC's original program, with Cebu former inmates dancing making a tour of three prisons initially, Manila City Jail, Makati City Jail, and Quezon City Jail according to an agreement signed between Resendo M. Dial, chief of Philippines "Bureau of Jail Management and Penology" (BJMP) and Byron Garcia on March 26, 2010 as a collaborative effort to introduce music therapy in jail facilities nationwide.
On the occasion of the signing of the protocol, Garcia characterized general prison facilities as "living hells", because those who are in penology and rehabilitation "are missing out the essence of compassion, redemption and restoration in jail management". He added: "They are too busy looking for creative ways to punish an offender instead of restoring him to become the human being that he is. We have to look at prisons beyond the cycle of crime and punishment and certainly look inside underlying social, cultural and scriptural implications of rehabilitation. As it is, those creative ways of punishing offenders that have led to restrictive and punitive conditions in jails have also bred demons out of prisoners". Garcia said that this therapeutic protocol of dance and music is meant to restore dignity to people who suffer the stigma of incarceration and restore self-esteem to inmates because they are alienated from society. Therapeutic music and dance is meant to help prisoners cope with their depression and anxiety, improve their well-being as they go through a transition phase and reintegrate to society. Music is a protocol to heal them of emotional and psychological disorders and trauma as a result of the offense or incarceration". He concluded that "the experience of the CPDRC Dancing Inmates has proven a clinical breakthrough of using therapeutic music and dance in healing, restoring and rehabilitating inmates to become dignified human beings. This is actually what prompted BMJP to take interest in spreading such a program", he said.
A group of former dancing inmates will also tour the country's prisons for presentations in addition to a series of public performances to increase awareness to the program among the general population.
The offshoots of the program can be seen in The Quezon City Dancing Inmates and the Manila City Jail Dancing Inmates programs, greatly structured on the concepts applied in CPDRC.

</doc>
<doc id="19302695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302695" title="Canton of Pontarion">
Canton of Pontarion

The Canton of Pontarion is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
A farming area in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the village of Pontarion. The altitude varies from 390m (Thauron) to 760m (Vidaillat) with an average altitude of 534m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Pontarion comprises 10 communes and a total of 2821 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19302700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302700" title="Derek Davis (artist)">
Derek Davis (artist)

Derek Maynard Davis (24 February 1926 – 3 September 2008) was an English artist, working in the media of painting and pottery. He was born in Wandsworth, South London, where he was educated at Emanuel School. He joined the King's Royal Rifle Corps in 1943, to fight in the World War II. After the war he entered the Central School of Arts and Crafts in London. Together with his friend Eric James Mellon he then started a pottery workshop in Hillesden, Buckinghamshire. Later he left to work on his own, and moved to Arundel, West Sussex. Here he developed his ceramics further, coming up with several innovative techniques. An eye operation in 1994 left him unable to look through the hole in the pottery kiln, and after this he started focusing on painting instead.
Davis's work is characteristic for breaking with the functionalistic style of Bernard Leach, which was prevalent in the post-war years. Davis was self-taught within the field of pottery, and his method has been described as "working as much by instinct as plan". His pottery was featured at several separate exhibitions, and he had commissions from the Barbican Centre and the British embassies in Brasilia, Rome, Warsaw, and Riyadh. Davis met his wife Ruth Lambert in Ventnor on the Isle of Wight, where he spent some time in a sanatorium after college, suffering from tuberculosis. Ruth, a patient at the same institution, was also a painter. The couple married in 1953, and they had one son. Davis died in Chichester 4 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19302704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302704" title="Torben Jorgensen">
Torben Jorgensen

Torben Jørgensen (born 1958) is a Danish historian, Research Assistant at the Danish Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies. He is an author of articles on the Hereros and the Ibos (Encyclopedia of Genocide, 2000) and about the Turkish denial of the Armenian genocide ("Historisk Tidsskrift", 2000). He participated on a project on those responsible for running the death camps Belzec, Sobibór and Treblinka.

</doc>
<doc id="19302735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302735" title="Eric Markusen">
Eric Markusen

Eric Markusen (8 October 1946 – 29 January 2007) (M.S.W., University of Washington, Ph.D., University of Minnesota) was Professor of Sociology and Social Work at Southwest Minnesota State University in Marshall, Minnesota, USA, and Research Director of the Danish Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies in Copenhagen. He also served as Associate Editor of the two-volume "Encyclopedia of Genocide", published in 1999.
Markusen's research took him to former Soviet satellites, Cambodia, Croatia, Bosnia, Poland, Serbia, Ethiopia, Eritrea, Rwanda and Chad. His later study focused on genocidal violence in former Yugoslavia during the 1990s, and the genocide cases before the International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda.
The 2007 conference of the International Association of Genocide Scholars was dedicated to Markusen's memory.

</doc>
<doc id="19302748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302748" title="RAF Talbenny">
RAF Talbenny

RAF Talbenny was a World War II Royal Air Force airfield in Pembrokeshire, Wales that was operational from 1942 to December 1946. There were 3 concrete runways encircled by a perimeter track and 36 dispersal points.
On 29 January 1943, Brigadier Vivian Dykes, Director of Plans at the War Office between 1939 and 1941 and the Chief Combined Secretary British Joint Staff Mission Washington in 1942, along with 10 others, died on approach to RAF Talbenny on a flight from Casablanca. 

</doc>
<doc id="19302750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302750" title="Lin Woon Fui">
Lin Woon Fui

Lin Woon Fui (born March 31, 1983 in Kuala Lumpur) is a male badminton from Malaysia. He is best ranked 4th in the world in doubles badminton in year 2006. His regular doubles' partner is Gan Teik Chai. After 2005 he has been known to play with Mohd Fairuzizuan Tazari.
Career.
In 2006, It was his gold time, he won the best ranked of 4th in this year, and also help kept Malaysia's flag flying in the men's doubles on a day national No 1 Choong Tan Fook/Lee Wan Wah. After to pull off a remarkable 15-21, 21-16, 21-14 win over China's Guo Zhendong/Xie Zhongbo.
By now,he is playing for AirAsia academy. He also coaching a group of primary and secondary school students. Besides that he is playing as a freelance doubles player with his partner Kenny Tong.

</doc>
<doc id="19302751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302751" title="Matthias Bjornlund">
Matthias Bjornlund

Matthias Bjørnlund (born in 1967 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish historian. In 2003-2005 he was the workshop leader of Department for Holocaust and Genocide Studies in Copenhagen in connection with the commemoration of the international Auschwitz Day.
He received his MA in history from the University of Copenhagen. His Thesis was "A People is Being Murdered: The Armenian Genocide in Danish Sources". He is also working as a researcher and translator of Danish documents on the Armenian Genocide with a partial funding by a grant from the Danish Ministry of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19302758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302758" title="Ridgewood Pearl">
Ridgewood Pearl

Ridgewood Pearl (1992-2003) was an Irish-based Thoroughbred racehorse who in 1995 won four Group/Grade 1 races in four different countries including over male horses in the Breeders' Cup Mile at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York.
The filly was bred by Sean Couglan and raced by his wife, Anne.
Ridgewood Pearl was retired to broodmare duty and produced five foals before dying in 2003 as a result of hemorrhaging after producing a dead foal.

</doc>
<doc id="19302761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302761" title="Churchill Gunasekara">
Churchill Gunasekara

Dr Churchill Hector Gunasekara (July 27, 1894 - May 16, 1969) was a Ceylonese first-class cricketer. He was the first person from his country to play for an English county, representing Middlesex from 1919 to 1922.
Gunasekara was educated at Royal College in Colombo where he was captain of the cricket team and achieved colours in both athletics and football. He moved to England in order to study medicine at Cambridge University and excelled again at sports, only missing out on a Blue due to the outbreak of the War. 
In 1919 he made his first-class debut for Middlesex and went on to have a good all-round Championship season, with 36 wickets at 27.72 and 351 runs at 21.93. Despite batting at nine, he top scored for Middlesex in the first innings of their match against Surrey at Kennington Oval with 88 not out. His best performance with the ball came against Lancashire where he dismissed their last five batsmen to finish with 5/15.
The following summer he was part of Middlesex's successful campaign for the 1920 County Championship. He didn't play at all in 1921 but returned in 1922 for one final season.
Having completed his degree, Gunasekara returned to Ceylon and became captain of his country's cricket team. He played 10 first-class matches in total for various Ceylonese representative sides and also captained one in a none first-class fixture against Don Bradman's Australia.
Gunasekara's son Channa and four of his nephews, including C. I. Gunesekera also played first-class cricket for Ceylon.

</doc>
<doc id="19302776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302776" title="Henry Nicholas Paint">
Henry Nicholas Paint

Henry Nicholas Paint (10 April 1830 – 29 September 1921) was a Canadian politician, shipowner and merchant.
Career.
Henry Paint was the son of Nicholas Paint, JP, by Mary Le Messurier, both of old Guernsey families which had been trading with Nova Scotia since at least the mid-18th century; a 'Paint Island', off Canso, is recorded in 1750. In 1817 his father, a merchant shipowner and agent at Arichat, Nova Scotia, petitioned for land grants at Belle Vue on the Strait of Canso, where he built a stone house and had settled by 1822. Henry was educated in Guernsey and at the Wolfville Academy (today Acadia University), and served as a lieutenant-captain in the Canadian Militia during the Fenian raids. 
He spent his early life as an insurance agent in the City of Halifax. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1882 as a Member of the Conservative Party for Richmond, Nova Scotia. In Parliament, he was a strong supporter of Sir John A. Macdonald, the first prime minister of Canada, and he promoted a large number of public and infrastructure works for Cape Breton, including the first marine railway, the first steamers from Boston, numerous wharves and warehouses, as well as post offices and lighthouses, and the bridge and railroad to Arichat, and he was instrumental in negotiating favourable trading terms for the Dominion with Norway and the West Indies. He contested the three general elections of 1887, 1891 and 1904, but despite his successes for the community, he was defeated on each occasion. 
Henry was a progressive merchant and community leader. He owned extensive property on Cape Breton Island. Apart from the family estate of at Canso, in 1863 he acquired commercial property at Point Tupper, Nova Scotia, a few miles from Port Hawkesbury, on a site 'exceedingly well situated for trade' at the main entry point between mainland Nova Scotia and Cape Breton Island. Here he constructed wharves and laid out a new township, selling plots doggedly to the end of his life; today he is commemorated there by 'Henry Paint Street'. His other holdings included the 'Paint seam' in coal mines at Victoria County, Nova Scotia and gypsum options at Brierley Brook in Antigonish County.
Henry Paint has a street, Paint Street, named after him in Port Hawkesbury, Nova Scotia.
Henry Paint's long life is exceptionally well documented for the period, largely from letters written in his old age to his grandchildren, some of which were published in 2005. He died at his house at 3 Artillery Place, Halifax, aged 91.
His younger daughter, Mary Le Mesurier, married Sir Charles Tertius Mander, first baronet, of the Mander family, industrialists and philanthropists dominant in the English Midlands. His elder daughter, Flora St Clair, married Sir Charles's first cousin, Theodore Mander, builder of Wightwick Manor, one of the most notable Arts and Crafts movement houses in England.

</doc>
<doc id="19302779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302779" title="Philip L. Kohl">
Philip L. Kohl

Philip L. Kohl (born 1946) is a professor of Anthropology at Wellesley College. 
He received his B.A. in Greek and Latin from Columbia University in 1969 and his Ph.D. in Anthropology from Harvard University in 1974. He is the author of many books, 140 articles and reviews on the archaeology of the Ancient Near East and has conducted fieldwork in Iran, Afghanistan, Central Asia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Russia. He is a member of the editorial board of the scholarly journal Antiguo Oriente.

</doc>
<doc id="19302790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302790" title="Canton of Saint-Vaury">
Canton of Saint-Vaury

The Canton of Saint-Vaury is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming, forestry and lakes in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of Saint-Vaury. The altitude varies from 254m (Anzême) to 683m (Saint-Léger-le-Guérétois) with an average altitude of 422m. 
Composition.
The Canton of Saint-Vaury comprises 9 communes and a total of 6280 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19302802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302802" title="Zhora Harutyunyan">
Zhora Harutyunyan

Zhora (Gevorg) Saghateli Harutyunyan (, September 7, 1928, Yerevan - January 10, 2002) was an Armenian writer and playwright, awarded by the "Renowned activist of arts of Armenia" official title, the State Prize of Armenia, "Gabriel Sundukian" and "Artavazd" Prizes. Vardan Ajemian was his first supporter as a theater activist. Harutyunyan is an author of many comedies and plays, which were staged in Armenia and abroad. He headed the Playwright's Union of Armenia. Since 1965 he directed the Armenian branch of the USSR Literary Fund. A member of Writers Union of Armenia committee.
In 1946, he graduated from Yerevan Medical College. In 1962 he finished the Yerevan Medical Institute. In 1950-1965 he worked at different medical institutions of Yerevan. In 1964 was appointed Chief Doctor at USSR Literary Fund Armenian Branch Polyclinics. In 1965 he was appointed USSR Literary Fund Armenian Branch Director and left the medical area forever. He was on this position up to 1965. Zhora Harutyunyan was also Writers Union of Armenia committee member. Vardan Ajemian was his first supporter as a theater activist. Harutyunyan is an author of many comedies and plays, which were staged in Armenia and abroad. Zhora Harutyunyan’s works were translated into different languages. Zhora Harutyunyan’s filmography:
1955 - Golden Bull Calf 1964 - Lipstick #4 1969 - Panos the Clumsy 1972 – Monument 1975 - A Bride from the North 1980 - The Big Win 1983 - The Fire 1987 - A Drugstore on the Crossroads
Zhora Harutyunyan is the author of many famous plays: “Patient #199”, “In the world of flowers”, “Heart Disease”, “Ghazar goes to War”, “Fortunate People”, “Crossroad”, “Your Final Destination”, “It was Sunny June”, “In Our Age” and many others. His plays have been stages in different countries of former USSR and Europe, such as South Caucasus, Central Asia, Russia, Hungary and Bulgaria.
In autumn of 2008 on the occasion of his 80th anniversary of birth Zhora Harutyunyan’s last play “Mr. Shmo and Friends” (the scenic title was “Who are they?”) was staged by the People’s Artist Yervand Ghazanchyan at the Musical Comedy Theater after H. Paronyan.
A number of researches are devoted to Zhora Harutyunyan’s life and activities. One of them is “The Knight of the Humor” (Yerevan, 1999); written by NAS RA Academician Sevak Arzumanyan, as well as outstanding playwright Zhirayr Ananyan’s analytical work “Gevorg Harutyunyan” (Yerevan, 1981) and Candidate of Literary Criticism Vachagan Grigoryan’s “Dramaturgy of Gevorg Harutyunyan” (Yerevan, 2006).
In 2003, on the occasion of Zhora Harutyunyan’s 75th anniversary of birth the compilation of Zhora Harutyunyan’s previously unreleased works was published by his daughter Gayane Harutyunyan.
In 2005, Gayane Harutyunyan initiated the publication of another commemorative anthology “You came, surprised Us All and Leaved Us”. He the reader can find the memoirs of his famous contemporaries about him, who represent the world of art and literature.

</doc>
<doc id="19302803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302803" title="Angela Winkler">
Angela Winkler

Angela Winkler (born 22 January 1944) is a German actress.
Biography.
Born in Templin, Winkler trained to be a medical technologist in Stuttgart. Interested in theater, she went to Munich, where she took acting classes with Ernst Fritz Fürbringer. In 1967, she had her first role at the theater in Kassel.
In 1969, she played the lead role in Peter Fleischmann's film "Jagdszenen aus Niederbayern". After seeing this film, Peter Stein offered her a position at the Berliner Schaubühne. Winkler performed in Berlin from 1971 to 1978. 
Her next film, "The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum", directed by Volker Schlöndorff, made her a star in 1975. For the role of Katharina Blum, she received the Filmband in Gold. In 1979, she won international fame as the mother of Oskar Matzerath in Schlöndorff's Oscar-winning film "The Tin Drum".
Angela Winkler lives with sculptor Wiegand Wittig and has four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19302817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302817" title="Chris Smith (footballer born 1988)">
Chris Smith (footballer born 1988)

Chris "Junior" Smith (born 31 August 1988 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender, and currently plays for Scottish League Two side Stirling Albion.
Smith started his career in the youth teams of Partick Thistle and Rangers before making his first senior appearances in the Scottish Football League with Greenock Morton.
He also played for Dumbarton and Ayr United, and had a short spell at Falkirk.
Career.
Rangers.
Smith began his footballing career as a youth at Partick Thistle as a YTS, before moving on to SPL side Rangers. Chris was released by Rangers under 19s at the end of the 2007/08 season.
Morton.
Smith went on trial at Greenock Morton and played in several trial matches, before he was eventually signed on 5 September 2008.
Smith made his league debut against QOS on 13 September 2008, at Palmerston Park, Dumfries, and his full debut the week previously in the Challenge Cup quarter-final against the same opposition. In his first four league games, he played as the left-back in a back four, alongside Ryan Harding, Dominic Shimmin and Alex Walker.
At the beginning of 2009, Smith was given a contract extension until the end the season. This was despite his howler against Airdrie United a few days earlier, which saw him axed from the first team squad against Partick Thistle on 30 December. Smith was released in May 2009, after being dropped for the last month of the season. After his release from Cappielow, Smith went on trial at Blue Square Premier favourites Wrexham.
Dumbarton.
On 3 August 2009, Smith signed for Dumbarton.
Ayr United.
In 2010, Chris Smith left Dumbarton, to join fellow Second Division club, Ayr United. In the 2010–11 season, Smith scored only once, away to Alloa Athletic, United lost 4–1. In the following season Smith scored two goals: The winner against St. Mirren in the Quarter-Finals of the League Cup at St. Mirren Park and the winner only four days later in a 3–2 victory for Ayr United against Hamilton Accies at New Douglas Park in the League.
Falkirk.
In June 2012, Smith signed for Falkirk after Ayr United were relegated to the Second Division.
In February 2013, Smith had re-signed for Ayr United on loan, after only featuring for Falkirk six times since joining in June, the last away to Dumbarton in October.
Stirling Albion.
Smith first played 45 minutes for The Binos in a 2–0 friendly win against Airdrieonians. The following Saturday, he played the full game against former club Falkirk, a match which ended in a 1–1 draw. On the same day, Stiring Albion announced that Smith had signed a one year contract that would keep him at the Forthbank Stadium until at least June 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="19302823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302823" title="Sternwarte Uecht">
Sternwarte Uecht

Sternwarte Uecht is an observatory on Längenberg at Niedermuhlern, Canton of Berne, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19302833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302833" title="Yuri Naumov">
Yuri Naumov

Yuri Naumov (, born May 3, 1962, Sverdlovsk, USSR) is a poet, composer, singer and acoustic guitar player, a unique Russian bluesman.
He was born into the family of a doctor. Naumov grew up listening to the records of The Beatles and Led Zeppelin and at age 8 decided to become a rock guitarist. In 1970 he with his family moved to Novosibirsk. In 1978, while playing in a school-band, he met the future members of "Kalinov Most", one of Russia's most influential indie-rock bands, also one of the creators of what is called Russian blues.
In January 1983 Naumov formed a band named "Prokhodnoy Dvor", the line-up of which also included Vladimir Zotov (drums) and Oleg Kurokhtin (guitars). Soon, after a bootleg released by the band became popular in the USSR, KGB forced Naumov to leave Novosibirsk Medical University for "promulgation of decadent western values," and he sought safety first in Leningrad and later in Moscow. In 1990 Naumov moved to New York, United States.
Naumov plays a unique 9-string guitar custom-built for him by famous violin maker Sergei Nozdrin in the 1980s.
Naumov usually once or twice a year tours in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19302836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302836" title="Jet Lag (disambiguation)">
Jet Lag (disambiguation)

Jet lag is a physiological syndrome.
Jet Lag may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19302850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302850" title="Zenyatta">
Zenyatta

Zenyatta (foaled April 1, 2004 in Kentucky) is a retired American champion Thoroughbred racehorse, winner of 19 consecutive races in a 20-race career. During her racing career, she stood at the withers and weighed .
Owned by Jerry Moss and his wife Ann and trained by John Shirreffs, Zenyatta was ridden by jockey Mike Smith for 17 of 20 starts. Jockey David Flores rode Zenyatta in her first three starts.
Zenyatta was sired by Street Cry, who also sired in the same season as 2007 Kentucky Derby winner Street Sense, multiple Group 1 Australian Weight for Age (WFA) champion Whobegotyou, and 2009 Melbourne Cup winner Shocking. Out of Vertigineux, the mare is half-sister to multiple Grade I winner Balance. Her damsire is the outstanding stallion Kris S.
Zenyatta was named after the album "Zenyatta Mondatta", by The Police, who were signed to A&M Records by her owner, Jerry Moss.
Popularity.
Zenyatta was selected three years in a row (2008–2010) for NTRA's Moment of the Year Award, for her 2008 Ladies' Classic victory, historic 2009 Breeders' Cup Classic victory, and narrow defeat in the 2010 Breeders' Cup Classic. She finished second in the voting for AP Female Athlete of the Year in both 2009 and 2010. She was featured in O and W Magazine and in a profile on 60 Minutes in 2010 prior to her historic attempt at 20 consecutive victories in the 2010 Breeders Cup Classic. In a public opinion poll by the Daily Racing Form, 87% of people voted for her to be the 2010 Eclipse Horse of the Year. Thousands appeared for her retirement ceremonies at Hollywood Park and Keeneland Race Track despite frigid 18-degree temperatures at Keeneland.
Racing Overview.
Zenyatta won 17 Graded stakes races including 13 Grade I events and defeated 4 champions of 8 different awards: Gio Ponti (2009 American Champion Older Male Horse and 2009, 2010 American Champion Male Turf Horse), Sealy Hill (Canadian Horse of the Year, Canadian Champion 3 Year Old Filly and Canadian Champion Female Turf Horse) Summer Bird (2009 American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse) and Ginger Punch (2007 American Champion Older Female Horse).
In Zenyatta's 20:19–1–0 racing record she defeated multiple Grade I winners including: Colonel John; Richard's Kid; Einstein; Ginger Punch; Tough Tiz's Sis; Cocoa Beach; Music Note, Life Is Sweet, Switch, and Summer Bird. She also defeated European Multiple Group I winners Rip Van Winkle and Twice Over.
Grade 1 winners: Awesome Gem (2010 Hollywood Gold Cup); Girolamo (2010 Vosburgh Stakes); Mine That Bird (2009 Kentucky Derby); Hystericalady (2007 Humana Distaff Handicap), Romance Is Diane (2006 Hollywood Starlet Stakes), Double Trouble (2008 Santa Maria Handicap), Santa Teresita (2009 Santa Maria Handicap), and Carriage Trail (2008 Spinster Stakes).
2007 season.
On November 22, 2007, Zenyatta won her first start and defeated eleven opponents. She broke her maiden in a Maiden Special Weight going 6½ furlongs at Hollywood Park and stopped the tele-timer in 1:15.22. She was ridden by David Flores, carried 122 lbs and won by 3 lengths. She earned $25,200 of the $42,000 purse.
On December 15, 2007, Zenyatta won a 1 1/16 miles allowance race by 3½ lengths at Hollywood Park.
2008 season.
On January 13, 2008, Zenyatta stopped the tele-timer in 1:40.61 and broke the stakes record in the 1 1/16 miles Grade 2 El Encino Stakes at Santa Anita. She was ridden by David Flores and won by 3/4 of a length carrying 116 lbs.
On April 5, 2008, Zenyatta traveled to Oaklawn Park for her first start on dirt and her first Grade 1 attempt. There she defeated the 2007 older female champion Ginger Punch and won the Apple Blossom Handicap for her first Grade 1 victory. She won by 4½ lengths and completed the 1 1/16 miles in 1:42.64. She was ridden by Mike Smith for the first time, a partnership that would continue for the last 17 races of her career. She paid $5.60 to win, $3.60 to place and $2.20 to show.
Zenyatta went on to win the Grade 2 Milady Handicap and the Grade 1 Vanity Handicap at Hollywood Park.
She then set a track record of 1:41.48 for 1 1/16 miles and won the Grade 2 Clement L. Hirsch at Del Mar.
On September 27, 2008, Zenyatta won the Grade 1 Lady's Secret Stakes at Santa Anita Park. She clocked negative splits throughout the race, running each quarter faster than the one before it. Her splits were :24 4/5, :23 4/5, :23 1/5, :22 3/5, and a final sixteenth in :06 flat. She finished the 1 1/16 miles in a stakes-record 1:40.30 and established herself as the heavy favorite for the Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic in October.
On October 24, 2008, Zenyatta was sent off as the 1–2 favorite for the Grade 1 Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic at Oak Tree at Santa Anita Park. Zenyatta circled the field at the top of the stretch and won easily, capping an undefeated season and making a case for herself as Horse of the Year. Her Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic was the second-fastest in Breeders Cup history at 1:46.85 for 1⅛ miles. She posted a 1½ length victory over Cocoa Beach.
2009 season.
On January 26, 2009, Zenyatta won the Eclipse Award for top Older Female of the 2008 season. She was voted runner-up to 2008 American Horse of the Year Curlin.
On May 23, 2009, Zenyatta won the Grade 2 Milady Handicap at Hollywood Park. She carried 126 lbs and defeated stablemate and Grade I winner Life Is Sweet, finishing the 1 1/16 miles in 1:42.30 and winning by 1¾ lengths.
On June 27, 2009, Zenyatta won the Grade 1 Vanity Handicap at Hollywood Park for the second straight year. She carried 129 lbs, spotting her rivals from 13 to 18 pounds, and became the first horse to win under such a weight assignment since 1977. She won by 2½ lengths with a final time of 1:48.15 at the 1⅛ mile distance. In 2008, she won the Vanity under 126 pounds.
On August 9, 2009, Zenyatta overcame a strong aversion to the Del Mar track surface, which she had been reluctant to even train over, and won the Grade 1 Clement L. Hirsch Handicap at Del Mar. With a furlong left to run, she had four lengths to make up and closed to win by a head over Anabaa's Creation. She finished the 1 1/16 miles in 1:43.24.
On October 10, 2009, Zenyatta won the Lady's Secret at Oak Tree at Santa Anita Park with ease, and on October 28, 2009, it was announced that she would compete in the Breeders' Cup Classic at Santa Anita Park.
On November 7, 2009, Zenyatta became the first female to win the Grade I Breeders' Cup Classic at Santa Anita Park. She carried 124 lbs and won by 1 length over Gio Ponti. She earned $2,700,000 of the $5,000,000 purse. She became the first horse to win two different Breeders' Cup races, improving her winning record to 14 out of 14. The field of 12 horses she triumphed over included 2009 Kentucky Derby winner Mine That Bird; 2009 Belmont Stakes, Travers Stakes and Jockey Club Gold Cup hero Summer Bird; European Group 1 winners Twice over and Rip Van Winkle; and Pacific Classic winner Richard's Kid. The runner-up, Gio Ponti, was the winner of four Grade 1 Stakes in 2009, including the Arlington Million, and was named Champion Older Male and Champion Male Grass horse. Zenyatta finished the 1¼ miles in 2:00.62 and surpassed the 2002 "Horse of the Year" Azeri in North American female earnings. Azeri, who retired in 2004, had career earnings of $4,079,820.
On December 22, 2009, Zenyatta was runner-up to tennis player Serena Williams for 2009 Associated Press Female Athlete of the Year.
On December 26, 2009, opening day of the 75th year of Santa Anita meet, Zenyatta bid farewell to her admirers with a jog around the grandstand in what appeared to be the final parade of her career.
2010 season.
On January 16, 2010, it was announced that Zenyatta would not be retired and would race during the 2010 season.
On January 18, 2010, Zenyatta won the Eclipse Award for top Older Female of the 2009 season. She was voted runner-up to 2009 Horse of the Year Rachel Alexandra.
On March 13, 2010, Zenyatta captured her 15th straight victory in the Grade 1 $250,000 Santa Margarita Invitational Handicap at Santa Anita Park. She was assigned 127 lbs and spotted her seven rivals 11 to 16 pounds. She wove through traffic mid-stretch to get clear and won under a hand ride, eased before the wire. She completed the 1⅛ miles in 1:48.20 and won by 1¼ lengths.
Early in 2010, it was announced that Zenyatta would meet 2009 American Horse of the Year Rachel Alexandra, who had not raced since winning the Woodward on September 2009, on the track in the Apple Blossom Invitational on April 9 at Oaklawn Park. The Apple Blossom Handicap was changed to an invitational for the renewal of the race. There was also talk of a series of three races over the 2010 racing season in which Zenyatta and Rachel would meet. However, following Rachel Alexandra's loss in the New Orleans Ladies Stakes at Fair Grounds Race Course on March 13, it was announced that she would not run in the Apple Blossom Invitational.
On April 9, 2010, Zenyatta romped in the Grade I $500,000 Apple Blossom Invitational at Oaklawn Park and increased her undefeated record to 16–0. With the win, Zenyatta tied Cigar, Citation, Ormonde, and Ribot for consecutive victories without a loss. She completed the 1⅛ miles in 1:50.71.
On June 13, 2010, Zenyatta won her 17th straight race in the Grade I $250,000 Vanity Invitation Handicap at Hollywood Park by 1/2 length under 129 pounds. She nabbed St. Trinians, to whom she conceded 9 pounds, at the wire to surpass the records of Citation and Cigar for consecutive victories in unrestricted races. With the victory, Zenyatta tied the world record set by Rock of Gibraltar for consecutive Grade/Group I victories. She earned $150,000 of the $250,000 purse and paid $3.00 to win, $2.10 to place. There was no show wagering.
On August 7, 2010, Zenyatta broke the world record set by Rock of Gibraltar for consecutive Grade/Group I victories. She won her eighth consecutive Grade I victory and increased her undefeated record to 18–0. Zenyatta carried 123 lbs and won her third Clement L. Hirsch Handicap. She was ridden by Mike Smith and finished the 1 1/16 miles in 1:45.03, winning by a neck. Zenyatta's 18th win tied Eclipse for consecutive victories without a defeat. With the win, Zenyatta captured her twelfth Grade I race and tied the All-time North American record (set by two-time champion Bayakoa) for Grade I victories by a filly/mare.
On October 2, 2010, Zenyatta broke the North American record for Grade I victories by a filly/mare with her thirteenth Grade I win, which came at Oak Tree at Hollywood Park. She won her ninth consecutive Grade I victory and ran her unbeaten streak to 19–0 (List of Undefeated Thoroughbreds). In addition, she broke the all-time North American female earnings record (formerly held by Ouija Board, who retired in 2006 with earnings in excess of $6,312,552). Zenyatta (who carried 123 lb) won her third Lady's Secret Stakes by a half length over Grade I winner Switch. She finished the 1 1/16 miles in 1:42.97 and increased her career earnings to $6,404,580.
On November 6, 2010 Zenyatta attempted to become the first North American horse to retire undefeated with 20 wins and the second horse to repeat in the Grade 1 1¼ mile Breeders' Cup Classic. She fell behind the leader by at least 18 lengths in the early going at Churchill Downs but rallied in the stretch to close in on Stephen Foster Handicap and Whitney Handicap winner Blame. Zenyatta fell inches short and lost by a short head. Other horses in the Breeders' Cup Classic included Preakness and Haskell Invitational winner Lookin at Lucky; Quality Road, dominant winner of the Florida Derby, Metropolitan Handicap, Donn Handicap, and Woodward Stakes; Japanese shipper Espoir City, winner of the 2009 Japan Cup Dirt; and Jockey Club Gold Cup winner Haynesfield. With her second-place earnings of $900,000, Zenyatta surpassed Tiznow, John Henry and Alysheba in All-time North American earnings (male or female) with earnings in excess of $7,304,580. She also broke the All-time Breeders Cup earnings record (previously held by American Horse of the Year and 2-time Breeders Cup Classic champion "Tiznow"). Top five Breeders Cup earners are as follows: Zenyatta: $4,680,000, Tiznow: $4,560,400, Goldikova (IRE): $3,508,200, Conduit (IRE): $3,240,000 and Curlin: $2,955,000.
On December 18, 2010, Zenyatta was runner-up to skier Lindsey Vonn for 2010 Associated Press Female Athlete of the Year.
On January 17, 2011, Zenyatta won the Eclipse Award for top Older Female and Horse Of The Year of the 2010 season. The voting for Horse of the Year was 128 for Zenyatta to 102 for Blame, with 5 votes for Goldikova. It was Zenyatta's third nomination for Horse of the Year and her first win.
On January 20, 2011, Penny Chenery announced that Zenyatta was named the 2010 recipient of the Secretariat Vox Populi Award.
On March 23, 2011, Zenyatta became the first horse to win the William H. May award. The award honors an individual or group that has provided "meritorious service" to the industry. Past recipients include racing industry greats such as John R. Gaines (Breeders' Cup founder), Joe Hirsch (founder of the National Turf Writers Association), Bob and Beverly Lewis, Stanley Bergstein and Richard Duchossois.
Retirement/Breeding.
On November 17, 2010 it was announced that Zenyatta would be retired. She arrived at Lane's End Farm in Versailles, Kentucky on December 6, 2010. On February 23, 2011 Zenyatta traveled by van to Darley Stud where she was bred to Bernardini.
On March 29, 2011, after coming up negative on a 45-day pregnancy checkup, Zenyatta was bred again to Bernardini. She was announced to be back in foal 60 days later. She gave birth to a dark bay colt, later named Cozmic One, on March 8, 2012.
On May 8, 2012 she was confirmed in foal to Tapit. She delivered a chestnut colt on April 1, 2013.
On June 14, 2013 Zenyatta was confirmed in foal to Claiborne Farm stallion War Front.

</doc>
<doc id="19302863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302863" title="Canton of La Souterraine">
Canton of La Souterraine

The Canton of La Souterraine is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of farming and forestry in the arrondissement of Guéret, centred on the town of La Souterraine. The altitude varies from 267m (Vareilles) to 456m (La Souterraine) with an average altitude of 354m. 
Composition.
The Canton of La Souterraine comprises 10 communes and a total of 10611 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19302874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302874" title="Soleilmont Abbey">
Soleilmont Abbey

Soleilmont Abbey () is an abbey of Trappistine nuns (O.C.S.O., or Order of Cistercians of the Strict Obervance) situated in the forest and commune of Fleurus, at Gilly near Charleroi, Belgium, founded, according to tradition, in the 11th century, which became Cistercian in 1237. The nuns were expelled as a consequence of the French Revolution in 1796, but soon re-established themselves in 1802. The community became Bernardine in 1837, and Trappist in 1919.
History.
Foundation.
According to the foundation tradition, of which there is no confirmation, Soleilmont Abbey was founded in 1088 by Albert III, Count of Namur, and the earliest community supposedly consisted of women whose husbands had joined Godfrey of Bouillon on the First Crusade. It was possibly founded as a Benedictine monastery, but the women might simply have lived as secular canonesses and thus been free to resume their married lives, upon the safe return of their husbands. The first recorded reference to a religious house here, however, is in a charter of 1185.
Cistercians.
In a document dated 11 January 1237, Baldwin II of Courtenay, Count of Namur, requested that the Cistercian Order accept Soleilmont Abbey, which they duly did, as a dependency of Aulne Abbey. On 23 March 1238 Pope Gregory IX placed the abbey under papal protection, and, at the same time, confirmed the deed of transfer of the abbey to the Cistercians.
To support his request Baldwin confirmed the gift made by his mother, Yolande of Hainaut, to the abbey of a fishpond, a mill and a meadow, and although some further gifts later increased the monastic endowments, the abbey never became wealthy. On account of their lack of resources the nuns were exempted in 1640, for example, from their dues to the Cistercian Order, and their poverty was often mentioned in the assessments of goods that were customarily made at the elections of an abbess.
Soleilmont was affected by the general decadence of monastic life that took place throughout the 14th century, to the extent that by 1414 it had been decided that the only option was to close the monastery. As a final resort before closure, however, a new abbess, Marie de Senzeille, was sent to Soleilmont from Marche-les-Dames Abbey, another monastery in the County of Namur, to attempt to re-establish order, which she did so successfully that Soleilmont was not only reprieved but became a model for other communities of nuns in the monastic revival of the 15th century.
The 15th century Margot of Hainaut, celebrated for her abilities as a player of "jeu de paume", a precursor of tennis, spent her later years as a nun in Soleilmont.
Prominent abbesses of the 16th century were Oda de Virsel and Madeleine Bulteau (resigned 1603), whose successor, Jacqueline Colnet (d. 1639), was a friend of Albert VII, Archduke of Austria and his consort, the Infanta Isabel of Spain, to whom she gave, from the relics of the abbey, a Holy Nail. She was principally remembered in the region however for twice ending attacks of the Black Death in the town of Châtelet, in 1628 and again in 1636, by having the abbey's famous image of Our Lady of Rome carried through the streets.
During the wars later in the 17th century, the nuns of Soleilmont, as a poor community of unprotected women, suffered particularly from harassment and theft by the soldiery.
French Revolution.
In 1775, Scholastique Daivier (d. 1805) succeeded as abbess, the last abbess of the "ancien régime". In 1790, fearing the arrival of the revolutionary armies, she moved the community from Soleilmont, along with the abbey's relics and the image of Our Lady of Rome, first to La Ramée Abbey and later to Liège. However, in the belief that they had moved for no good reason, they then returned to Soleilmont in 1794, just in time to be caught up in the Battle of Fleurus of 26 June 1794, which was fought literally beneath the abbey walls.
In January 1797 the nuns were expelled from the abbey, but were given the use of a château at Farciennes by its owner, and were thus enabled to remain together as a community. Their benefactor also kept watch over the fate of the abbey buildings, which were nevertheless looted and burnt, and he acquired them on behalf of the community, who were thus able to return to them, as tenants, in 1802.
Bernardines.
The next three decades were very difficult times: the community was penniless, demoralized and aging, and soon numbered only four. In 1837, however, with the help of the Cistercian nuns of Marienlof Abbey at Borgloon, they were able to buy back the premises, and, in order to generate income, opened a girls' boarding school. At the same time, under the influence of the nearby "Aumôniers du Travail", they became a Bernardine community. This was a new dawn for Soleilmont, both spiritually and economically: they attracted many new vocations, and were able to refurbish and reconstruct the abbey buildings. The times of plenty continued up to World War I, during which, in 1916, the school had to close.
Trappistines.
In 1919 the remaining nuns returned to the mainstream Cistercian mode of life, and were incorporated into the Trappist Order in 1922, under the supervision of Westmalle Abbey, as their original supervisory community of monks, Aulne Abbey, had ceased to function. Under this new direction Soleilmont again flourished, to the extent that in 1950 they were able to provide the 13 nuns needed to establish the new foundation of Brecht Abbey.
On Christmas Night 1963 the abbey was completely burnt down, just after the night offices. A completely new monastery was built a few hundred yards from the ruins of the old one, in the woods of Soleilmont, in a totally modern style, which was finished in 1973.
Today.
The present community of about thirty run a farm and a bakery, and make liturgical vestments. A dozen or so rooms are available in their guesthouse for the accommodation of women on retreat.
Every year, on the last Sunday of August, the image of Our Lady of Rome is carried in procession round Châtelineau nearby in memory of the protection received by that town in 1628 and 1636 against the outbreaks of the plague.
Soleilmont Abbey has a daughter foundation in Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19302876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302876" title="Neru (footballer)">
Neru (footballer)

Francisco Borja Enrique Ayesa, commonly known as Neru (born 20 January 1974 in Santander, Cantabria), is a Spanish retired footballer. Mainly a central defender, he could operate on the left on occasion.
During a 17-year professional career he appeared in seven La Liga seasons for a total of 127 games, with Racing de Santander (six years) and Sporting de Gijón (one).
Football career.
A product of hometown Racing de Santander's youth squad, Neru first appeared with the main squad during the 1998–99 season, already aged 24. During the following years (which included a second division stint), he would be relatively put to use in various defensive positions.
In the 2004–05 campaign Neru was loaned to Segunda División side Sporting de Gijón, being an undisputed first-choice throughout the season and scoring a rare goal on 1 May 2005, in a 3–2 home win against Pontevedra CF. He returned to Santander for a further 15 La Liga games in 2005–06.
After an uneventful six-month loan to another second level team, Cádiz CF, Neru was released by Santander and rejoined Gijón, playing only four matches during the 2007–08 season as the Asturias side returned to the first division after a 10-year .
In August 2009 the 35-year-old moved Deportivo Alavés, now in the third category. However, after a run-in with the management, he became surplus to requirements and, in late January 2010, moved up a level as he signed with SD Huesca until the end of the campaign; he replaced Daniel Mustafá, who was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19302891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302891" title="TSV Buchbach">
TSV Buchbach

TSV Buchbach is a German association football club from the village of Buchbach, Bavaria. The team is part of a larger sports club that also has departments for curling, gymnastics, skiing, and tennis. The footballers are distinguished as holders of the German record for the longest undefeated streak, a string of 75 matches from 19 August 1995 to 23 May 1998.
History.
"TSV" was founded in 1913 as a gymnastics club. Football was soon introduced to the club by students who brought the game back from Munich. A football department was established within the association on 11 January 1930.
Following World War II, "Buchbach" played in local A-Class competition until slipping to B-Class play in 1960, where they would remain until returning to A ball in 1980. In the mid-1990s, with solid sponsorship in place, they began their record making unbeaten run. They advanced to play in the Landesliga Süd (V) in 2004 and a title win there in 2008 saw "TSV" promoted to the Bayernliga (V).
At the end of the 2011–12 season the club managed to finish in the top nine of the Bayernliga and thereby directly qualified for the new tier four Regionalliga Bayern.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Unbeaten record 1995 – 1998.
Following a 1–5 defeat on 14 June 1995 to "FC Grünthal", which meant relegation to the C-Klasse, then the lowest league in Bavaria, for the "TSV", the club started its record-breaking run of 75 unbeaten league games. In the 1995–96 season, it played 26 games in the "C-Klasse Inn/Salzach – Group 4", coming first with 20 wins and six draws and earning promotion back to the "B-Klasse".
The following season, the club again earned a league championship, now in the "B-Klasse Inn/Salzach Group 3". In 26 games it archived 18 wins and 8 draws. In 1997–98, the club came very close to a perfect season once more. Having again not lost in the first 23 of 26 season matches, on 24 Mai 1998 the team lost at home to "SV Waldhausen", 1–3, ending its unbeaten run. Nevertheless, promotion was once more archived.

</doc>
<doc id="19302894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302894" title="Eduardo Vasconcelos">
Eduardo Vasconcelos

Eduardo Vasconcelos (born 1896 in Oaxaca, Mexico - April 26, 1953) was Governor of Oaxaca from 1947 to 1950. In addition, he was also Secretary of Public Education in 1934 and Secretary of the Interior from 1932 to 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19302909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302909" title="Western Australian Liberal Party (1911–1917)">
Western Australian Liberal Party (1911–1917)

The Western Australian Liberal Party was a political party which existed from 1911 until 1917 in the Australian state of Western Australia. The Party, which had its roots in various earlier political movements, came together in the period immediately prior to the 1911 state election under the guidance of Sir John Forrest, the Federal member for Swan and former Premier of Western Australia, and other leading political figures in the State. It was assembled in response to the solid organisation of the Labor Party and had the aim of assisting Ministerial members in winning seats and retaining power in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. The Party did not involve itself in Federal politics, although many of its members were also associated with the Commonwealth Liberal Party and assisted Liberal candidates and members from Western Australia in that capacity. The massive defeat of the Ministerial faction by Labor in that election resulted in what remained of the faction formally joining the Liberal Party, which became the first organised non-Labor movement in the State and was a precursor to the Nationalist Party and, later, the modern Liberal Party of Australia (Western Australian Division).
Leadership.
The party was led for its entire duration in Parliament by Frank Wilson, who served as Opposition Leader until 27 July 1916, and Premier thereafter. By June 1917, the party had been disbanded and fully subsumed into the Nationalist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19302913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302913" title="Dancheong">
Dancheong

Dancheong refers to Korean traditional decorative coloring on wooden buildings and artifacts for the purpose of style. It literally means "cinnabar and blue-green" in Korean. 
It is based on five basic colors; blue (east), white (west), red (south), black (north), and yellow (center). "Dancheong" has various symbolic meanings. Dancheong also represented social status and rank by using various patterns and colors. It functions not only as decoration, but also for practical purposes such as to protect building surfaces against temperature and to make the crudeness of materials less conspicuous. Applying "dancheong" on the surfaces of buildings require trained skills, and artisans called "dancheongjang" (단청장) designed the painted patterns.
History.
The origin of "dancheong" can be traced from cave paintings and wall paintings which appeared more than 20,000 years ago in the history of mankind, although they may be served for different purposes and functions from the stylized "dancheong".
In the 12th century a document titled "Goryeo Do-Kyung" () which literally means "Illustrated Account of Goryeo" (918-1392), the Chinese author Xu Jing described the luxurious "dancheong" on the places at that time. "Goryeo Do-Kyung" illustrates the "dancheong" in detail that the handrail was painted in red and decorated with vine-flowers. The coloring and patterns were very vivid, so that the palace stood out among other royal palaces. There are several examples of the dancheong from the Goryeo period such as Josadang (조사당) of Buseoksa Temple in Yeongju, Geukrakjeon (극락전) at Bongjeongsa Temple in Andong, and Daeungjeon (대웅전) of Sudeoksa Temple in Yesan.

</doc>
<doc id="19302923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302923" title="Ministry of State for Federal National Council Affairs, United Arab Emirates">
Ministry of State for Federal National Council Affairs, United Arab Emirates

"Ministry of State for Federal National Council Affairs, United Arab Emirates"
As part of a multi-phased and gradual political reform process envisaged by the Government of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), the Presidential Federal Decree No. (10)/2006, amending Federal Law No.1/1972, created the Ministry of State for Federal National Council Affairs, headed by Dr Anwar Mohammed Gargash Al Awadhi, in early 2006. In fact, the ministry’s genesis could be traced to the National Action Program announced by UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al-Nahyan in December 2005 to mark the 34th anniversary of the establishment of the UAE Federation. The plan included empowering the FNC in order to support the executive body. The strategic plan of the ministry also emanates from UAE Vice-President and Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al-Maktoum’s push for achieving sustainable and balanced development, as well as securing prosperity for the people of the country.[http://www.moca.gov.ae/english/ministries_en_1.asp][http://www.khaleejtimes.com/DisplayArticle.asp?xfile=data/theuae/2006/February/theuae_February276.xml&section=theuae]
Responsibilities.
According to the decree, the main responsibilities of the ministry are to: 
coordinate between the government and the Federal National Council (FNC), the official people’s representative body, as well as the execution of its responsibilities,
participate in the preparation of legislation concerning the role of the FNC,
supervise dissemination of information pertaining to parliamentary activities, and
carry out other responsibilities assigned to the minister by virtue of laws, bills, federal decisions or resolutions.
In view of these responsibilities, the ministry seeks to promote a participatory culture in the UAE and develop parliamentary practices in a tolerant and cohesive manner. Consequently, it works towards creating a society that genuinely participates in public life, through coordination between the government, FNC and people, as well as develop a partnership between the institutions of the state, using the best of its human and material resources to achieve the set goal.
[http://www.mfnca.gov.ae/en/Default.aspx]
Committees.
Apart from these issues, the ministry also coordinates the activities a number of national committees headed by Dr. Gargash, including the National Committee to Combat Human Trafficking, Committee to Prepare the UAE’s Periodic Report on Human Rights and Committee for Monitoring Developments that Impact the Reputation of the UAE. [http://www.ameinfo.com/133166.html][http://www.uaeinteract.com/uaeint_misc/reports/human_trafficking_eng.pdf][http://www.uaeinteract.com/docs/Gargash_chairs_human_rights_national_report_committee_meeting/29936.htm][http://www.zawya.com/story.cfm/sid2007071517334100001]
Impact.
Since the ministry began to serve as a channel between the Cabinet and the FNC, it has contributed to a healthy discussion on a range of nationally relevant issues and solutions in the Council. The successful deliberations point to the evolution of strong policy-making mechanisms in the country supported by a parliamentary system built on the premises of dialogue, cooperation and action. The FNC’s recommendations on key national issues are being given increasing government priority, highlighting the strong link between the legislative and executive branches. The FNC covered topics of national interest such as policies to support the industrial sector and the economy at large in the wake of global inflationary trends, as well as matters pertaining to further improving educational standards. The “high level of synergy between the government and the FNC in dealing with national issues has set the foundations for a new political culture.” [http://www.gulfnews.com/nation/Government/10198553.html][http://www.khaleejtimes.com/DisplayArticleNew.asp?section=theuae&xfile=data/theuae/2008/july/theuae_july267.xml][http://www.gulfnews.com/nation/Government/10227059.html][http://www.mfnca.gov.ae/en/ShowDocument.aspx?id=01b3cd54-a378-40a4-98f1-78856c3b1f75][http://www.mfnca.gov.ae/en/ShowDocument.aspx?id=03a49b02-3964-46b2-9a44-c0712788853b]
Elections.
One of the earliest tasks of the ministry was coordinating the activities of the National Election Committee, which was responsible for conducting the entire process involving the first-ever FNC polls in the country – from the time the elections were announced till the declaration of results. The landmark elections were held on 16, 18 and 20 December 2006. Some of the highlights of the indirect election process are listed below.
The UAE government hopes to expand the political participation and reform process in the following way.

</doc>
<doc id="19302929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302929" title="Gerard Laman">
Gerard Laman

Gerard Laman (August 22, 1924 – September 22, 2009) was a Dutch mathematician who worked on graph theory.
Early life.
He completed high school studies at the Stedelijk Gymnasium Leiden in 1942. His study of Mathematics at Leiden University was delayed by a period in hiding to evade enforced labor during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands. He completed a degree in Mathematics with a minor in Mechanics in 1952. From 1949 onwards, he was a scientific assistant to J. Haantjes.
He received private instruction in the combinatorial topology of fiber spaces in Brussels from G. Hirsch of the Agricultural University of Ghent in 1953. During this period he received a stipend from the Dutch-Belgian Cultural Accord. 
From 1954 to 1957 he taught mathematics at the Delft high school 'Gemeentelijke Hogere Burgerschool HBS'.
In 1959 he completed his PhD thesis at Leiden University. W. T. van Est acted as his supervisor, once the original supervisor J. Haantjes was deceased.
Career.
From 1957 to 1967 he worked as a lecturer at the 'Technische Hogeschool' of Eindhoven (now Eindhoven University of Technology).
From 1967 to his retirement in 1989, he worked as a lecturer at the Mathematical Institute of the University of Amsterdam, teaching discrete mathematics and mathematics for students in Econometrics. Laman regarded himself mostly as a teacher. Clear thinking, as well as brevity in speech and writing, were his forte.
His main scientific contribution was the 'Laman graph'. In graph theory, Laman graphs are a family of sparse graphs describing minimally rigid systems of rods and joints in the plane.
Laman's original publication in 1970 went largely unnoticed at first. Only when Branko Grünbaum and G. C. Shephard wrote about Laman's paper in their Lectures on lost mathematics did this work receive more attention.
Towards the end of his life, Laman worked to lift the original 'Laman graph' from its original two dimensions to three, inspired by a simple counterexample, the 'double banana graph'.

</doc>
<doc id="19302936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302936" title="Mary, Queen of Tots">
Mary, Queen of Tots

Mary, Queen of Tots is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 42nd "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19302946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302946" title="Antonio Esposito (footballer born 1972)">
Antonio Esposito (footballer born 1972)

Antonio Esposito (born 13 December 1972 in Lugano, Switzerland) is a Swiss-Italian former football midfielder who played throughout the 1990s and 2000s. He is remembered most for his time at Grasshopper Club Zürich and FC Basel.
Career.
Esposito started playing professional football in 1992 with AC Lugano. In 1996, he signed for Grasshopper Club Zürich and had loan spells at Spain's CD Extremadura in 1999 and Italy's Cagliari Calcio in 2001. Later that year, he moved to AS Saint-Étienne of France but returned to Switzerland with FC Basel in 2002 and was part of the Basel team that reached the Second Group Phase of the UEFA Champions League. A.S. Varese 1910 acquired his services in 2004 before he retired with AC Lugano in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19302955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302955" title="Winona &amp; St. Peter R. Co. v. Barney">
Winona &amp; St. Peter R. Co. v. Barney

Winona & St. Peter R. Co. v. Barney, , was a case involving public land grants to a state to aid in constructing railroads which contained a description which would be difficult to give full effect if used in an instrument of private conveyance. 
By the Act of March 3, 1857, Congress granted to the then Territory of Minnesota, in aid of the construction of certain railroads, certain alternate sections of lands along the lines of the roads, and further provided:
The reservation of the lands previously granted to Minnesota from the grant of the additional four sections—that is, from the extension of the original grant of 1857—was only a legislative declaration of that which the law would have pronounced independently of it. Previous grants of the same property would necessarily be excluded from subsequent ones. The only embarrassment in the construction of the section arises from the inapt words used to describe the land from which the previous grant is to be deducted. The language of the section is
The only lands granted by the act of 1865 were the four sections for each mile additional to the original six, accompanied with a right to select indemnity lands within twenty miles of the road. The words "the full quantity granted" only denote the entire extension. To the extent of the previous grant that extension must be reduced, even if the whole be taken. Those words did not transfer the loss from the ten sections within which the grant falls to other sections along the line. The sections in which such grant falls are correspondingly reduced.
It followed that where the grant previously made to Minnesota to aid in the construction of the Minnesota and Cedar Valley Railroad interferes with the extension of the grant to the defendant by the act of 1865, the extension must be abandoned. The earlier grant takes the land which would otherwise be added to the original six sections. The court below therefore erred in holding that the Winona and St. Peter Railroad was entitled to ten full sections where such interference occurred, without deducting the lands previously granted to the state. The cause must therefore go back that the proper deduction may be made by reason of this interference of the two grants, and the elder grant be deducted from the extension made by the act of 1865.
The decree was reversed and the cause remanded with directions to take further proceedings in accordance with this opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="19302958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302958" title="Golden Era Records">
Golden Era Records

Golden Era Records are a record label that specializes in Australian hip hop music and is based in Stirling, South Australia, Australia. The label was founded in 2008 by South Australian hip hop trio the Hilltop Hoods.
History.
On 12 June 2009, in the year following the label's inception, the label's founder, the Hilltop Hoods, released its fifth album, "State of the Art", through Golden Era. Shortly after the establishment of the label, Vents, a MC from Adelaide, South Australia, and Adfu, a Palestinian-born producer/DJ, were signed to the label.
In November 2009, Golden Era Records signed a deal with the Funkoars, a hip hop group from South Australia—as part of the deal, the Funkoars re-released its album, "The Hangover", as "The Hangover: Premium Edition". Also in 2009, Aboriginal Australian MC, Briggs, released his debut EP, "Homemade Bombs", with a financial loan that he received from Suffa of the Hilltop Hoods (Suffa explained in a 2012 television interview that Briggs repaid the loan in full)—the label then signed Briggs and released his debut album, "The Blacklist". Pressure, also of the Hilltop Hoods, explained, in a 2012 television interview, the rationale behind Briggs' signing:
And one of the reasons we signed Briggs to the Golden Era label was... because he's just got this presence. You know, he's everywhere. He's probably the hardest-working individual in Australian hip-hop, if not one of. He's the most self-motivated dude I've ever met ... everywhere he goes, you know, everyone remembers Briggs.
In January 2012, Fontana—an independent marketing, sales and distribution company that is based within the corporate structure of the Universal Music Group—signed an exclusive agreement with Golden Era Records for the American release of "Drinking from the Sun" and the label's back catalogue titles.
On 25 January 2013, the label announced the signing of another artist on the Golden Era Facebook fan page—K21, an Adelaide, Australia artist discovered through the Hilltop Hoods' "Initiative" programme was welcomed to Golden Era with the statement, "Welcome to the squad K21!!". However, no further official public notification, such as a press release, was published. In late January/early February 2013, K21's artist profile was added to the label's website and he is described as "a powerful weapon for years to come"—K21's debut Golden Era album release is due in 2013.
The Golden Era roster performed in a music video collaboration, entitled "Cypher", that was published on the label's YouTube channel on 24 January 2013. Set to the music of "Bloody Poetry" by Grieves (produced by Budo), the video features the entire Golden Era artist roster—Funkoars, Vents, Hilltop Hoods, Adfu, K21 and Briggs—and was directed/filmed by Unity Sound and Visual. Together with the announcements that were published on the Internet, the video introduces K21 to Golden Era Records, with the artist delivering the concluding verse.
In April 2013, K21 released his first recording with Golden Era, the free EP "Kid Sinatra". The EP was uploaded onto the Golden Era Soundcloud page and, as of 11 April 2013, is available as a free download (together with the cover art) on the "Acclaim Magazine" website. A music video for the opening song "Long Time" was published on the Golden Era YouTube channel and the video, filmed at Disk Edits and DJ Debris's Take Away Studios, was filmed by Eightlimb Films and edited by K21.
Golden Era mixtapes.
The label released its first ever "mixtape", entitled "Golden Era Mixtape 2011", on 17 January 2011, as a free download—it contains musical contributions from Hilltop Hoods, Funkoars, Briggs and Vents. On 30 January 2012, the second mixtape, entitled "Golden Era Mixtape 2012", was released. The second mixtape contains musical contributions from Golden Era artists—Hilltop Hoods, Funkoars, Vents and Briggs—but also included appearances from other artists, such as K21 (at the time, signed to the Greenhouse label), Tommy Illfiger, Thundamentals, Plutonic Lab and Drapht; international artists, such as MC, Classified, also contributed to the 2012 mixtape recording. The compilation, hosted by Briggs and mixed by Adfu, was launched on the Australian national FM radio station, Triple J, on the station's hip hop programme, which is presented by Hau Latukefu of the Australian hip hop band, Koolism.
The third Golden Era mixtape became publicly available for download (free-of-charge, as per the first two instalments) on 1 February 2013, following a preview of the track listing that was published on the Internet on 31 January 2013—two tracks were also forwarded to Latukefu, who played them on Triple J's hip hop programme. On the day of the mixtape's release, a newsletter was emailed to the label's subscribers with the following blurb: "The 2013 Golden Era Mixtape is now available for FREE download from GoldenEraRecords.com.au. The tape features new and unreleased music from Hilltop Hoods, Funkoars, Vents, Briggs & K21, with a special guest feature from Seth Sentry." (Sentry is another Australian hip hop artist from the Victorian city of Melbourne, and the mixtape also features Briggs' DJ/producer, Jaytee, "on the ones and twos"—hip hop jargon for turntables). The announcement was also made on the label's Facebook and Twitter profiles.
The fourth Golden Era mixtape was released for download (free-of-charge, as per the first three instalments) on 25 February 2014. Available from the Golden Era Records website, the Mixtape was announced on Facebook and Twitter by the label and a "2014 Golden Era Cypher" video, in which all of the label's artists perform the Mixtape's final track, was published on the Golden Era YouTube profile on 16 February 2014. The Mixtape features new music from all Golden Era artists: Hilltop Hoods, Vents, Briggs, Funkoars, Adfu, and K21. While DJ Debris is credited with the overall mix of the Mixtape, Trials and Adfu also appear as DJs.
Artists.
As of February 2014, the following artists are signed to Golden Era Records:
Awards.
The Hilltop Hoods received a 2008 Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Music Award nomination for the platinum DVD "City of Light". "State of the Art" then received the ARIA Awards for 'Best Urban Release' and 'Best Engineer', and the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA) award for 'Urban Work of the Year'.
The Hilltop Hoods received three nominations in the 2013 APRA Awards: 'Most Played Australian Work' for "I Love It", and two nominations in the 'Urban Work of the Year' category for "I Love It" and "Speaking In Tongues".
The Funkoars were nominated for the 'Best Independent Hip-Hop Album' award (for "The Quickening") at the 2012 Jägermeister Independent Music Awards. In an interview with the Australian Independent Records Association (AIR), the band stated that it believed that fellow Australian hip hop artist, 360, would win the award.

</doc>
<doc id="19302971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302971" title="Ghazaros (Lazar) Saryan">
Ghazaros (Lazar) Saryan

Ghazaros (Lazar) Saryan (, , Rostov-on-Don, Sept. 30, 1920 – Yerevan, May 27, 1998) was an Armenian composer and educator.
Life and career.
Ghazaros Saryan was born into a family of distinguished Armenian artists. He is the son of renowned painter Martiros Saryan and the grandson of the prominent writer Ghazaros Aghayan. Musically gifted, Ghazaros attended the Yerevan State Conservatory from 1934 to 1938, where he studied composition with Sargis Barkhudaryan and Vardges Talyan. Afterwards, he travelled to Moscow and enrolled in the composition class of Vissarion Shebalin at the Gnessin State Musical College.
With the outbreak of World War II in 1941, Ghazaros was drafted into the Soviet army and served actively until 1945. Subsequently, he entered the Moscow Conservatory. Among his composition teachers were Dmitri Kabalevsky, Dmitri Shostakovich and Anatoly Nikolayevich Alexandrov. Saryan graduated in 1950. 
Upon his return to Armenia, Saryan joined the faculty of the Yerevan Komitas State Conservatory where he taught orchestration. During 1955-56, he was chairman of the Armenian Composers' Union. In 1960, he was appointed rector of the Conservatory, a position he retained until 1986. Saryan taught composition as well, training such distinguished Armenian composers as Tigran Mansurian, Rober Altunyan, Vardan Adjemyan and Ruben Sargsyan.
Ghazaros Saryan was essentially a composer of symphonic oeuvre, in which beautiful surface textures are juxtaposed with adventurous rhythmic and harmonic experimentation. His music displays a keen and sophisticated musical intellect, characterized by authenticity and integrity. Mr. Saryan has also written a number of notable works for chamber music, as well as several film scores.
Saryan has received many awards, including the People's Artist of the Armenian SSR (1983) and the People's Artist of the USSR (1991). For his military service he was decorated with the Red Star Medal. 
Performed widely within the former Soviet Union, Saryan’s music is gradually obtaining greater recognition in European music capitals. His "Armenia: Symphonic Panels" was performed in 1991 at the Pierre Boulez Contemporary Music Center in Metz, France, and his "Passacaglia" was presented in 1995 during the Athens Music Festival.
Ghazaros Saryan's manuscripts are deposited at the Saryan Museum, 3 Saryan St, Yerevan 0002, Armenia. Tel: (374-10) 58.05.68.
References.
Further reading.
Արաքսի Սարյան, "Ղազարոս Սարյանը եվ նրա ժամանակը", Аракси Сарьян, "Дазарь Сарьян и Его Время". «Արճեշ» հրատարակչություն, Yerevan 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19302973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19302973" title="Simon Peak">
Simon Peak

Simon Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19303007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303007" title="Your Own Back Yard">
Your Own Back Yard

Your Own Back Yard is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 43rd "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19303009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303009" title="Adam Khudoyan">
Adam Khudoyan

Adam Geghami Khudoyan (, February 21, 1921, Yerevan, Armenia - 2000, Yerevan) was an Armenian composer, awarded by the "Renowned Activist of the Arts of Armenia" official title.
He finished the Yerevan State Conservatory in 1945. He directed the Composer's House of Armenia, was the secretary of the Composer's Union of Armenia. Khudoyan composed three cello sonatas, cello duo sonata and cello nostalgia. In 1961 he wrote "Sonata for Cello Solo No. 1".
Shahan Ardzruni wrote: "I personally find strong parallels between Khudoyan's approach to music and that of Mussorgsky. Like Mussorgsky, Khudoyan employed chordal progressions
that are unusual, unbounded, even unacceptable to the traditional rules of harmony.

</doc>
<doc id="19303019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303019" title="Moha, British Columbia">
Moha, British Columbia

Moha is a rural locality located at the confluence of the Bridge and Yalakom Rivers, 30 km northwest of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada. The name derives from that of a rock formation on the north (right) bank of the Yalakom River overlooking the confluence, meaning "land of plenty" and which was adopted as the name of the Moha Ranch, one of several small ranches and farms in the area, which is located on the benchland above the rock formation. 
The surrounding rural neighbourhood, which includes land-holdings up the Yalakom River, and along the Bridge River from Michelmoon Creek in the Bridge River Canyon downstream to Antoine Creek, is known locally in the Lillooet Country region as Yalakom (as opposed to "the Yalakom", which refers to the basin and terrain of the Yalakom River and includes uninhabited areas far upstream from Moha/Yalakom). 

</doc>
<doc id="19303024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303024" title="Kirat Janabadi Workers Party">
Kirat Janabadi Workers Party

Kirat Janabadi Workers Party is an underground ethnic faction in Nepal. KJWP strives for the creation of a Kirat state in eastern Nepal. KJWP emerged in 2008, and has conducted bombings and extortion drives against Village Development Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="19303025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303025" title="Keith Drumright">
Keith Drumright

Keith Alan Drumright (October 21, 1954 – August 7, 2010) was an American Major League Baseball second baseman. He played parts of two seasons in the major leagues. He played for the Houston Astros in 1978 and the Oakland Athletics in 1981.
Drumright attended Hillcrest High School in Springfield, Missouri, where he was part of a state championship team. He went on to attend the University of Oklahoma, where he was an All-American second baseman.
Career.
On June 6, 1972, Drumright was drafted by the Montreal Expos in the 18th round of the 1972 amateur draft, but did not sign with the team. On June 8, 1976, he was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 4th round of the 1976 amateur draft, and signed a contract with the team. On October 13, 1977, he was traded by the Chicago Cubs to the Houston Astros for Al Javier. He was called to the Houston Astros in September 1978, after spending the earlier part of the season in the minors. He had five hits in his first 10 at-bats, then went hitless in 33 at bats before recovering somewhat by going 4 for 12 to end the season. He finished the season with a .163 batting average.
On October 26, 1979, he was sent by the Houston Astros to the Kansas City Royals to complete an earlier deal made on April 27, 1979. On December 11, 1980, he was traded by the Chicago Cubs, along with Cliff Johnson, to the Oakland Athletics for Michael King. In 1981, he was hitting well, and finished the season with a .290 batting average.
Death.
Drumright died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound on August 7, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19303040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303040" title="The Rachel Zoe Project">
The Rachel Zoe Project

The Rachel Zoe Project is an American reality documentary series starring celebrity stylist Rachel Zoe. The series premiered on September 9, 2008 on the Bravo television network. The show also airs on Arena in Australia, Really in the United Kingdom, TV3 in Norway, Cosmopolitan TV in Canada, SIC Mulher in Portugal, Divinity channel in Spain, and Sub in Finland.
The show was confirmed by Bravo for a second season on December 5, 2008. Production began in January 2009. Zoe was spotted during Paris Fashion Week 2009, being followed by a TV crew filming footage for the show. Season 3 premiered on August 3, 2010 on Bravo. The third season covered the departure of Zoe's longtime styling associate, Taylor Jacobson, while introducing a new member to Team Zoe, Ashley Avignone. Season 4 premiered on September 6, 2011 on Bravo. Zoe confirmed that the series had been picked up for a fifth season in September 2012. The fifth season debuted on March 6, 2013.
Synopsis.
The series follows the life of Rachel Zoe while she expands her business and attempts to balance her personal and professional life.
Home media release.
Seasons 1-3 are currently available for purchase on Amazon.com.
All seasons are also available to download on the iTunes Store.

</doc>
<doc id="19303042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303042" title="Trey Alexander">
Trey Alexander

Robert "Trey" Alexander (born April 3, 1983 in Meridian, Mississippi) is an American soccer player, currently without a club.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Alexander grew up in Meridian, Mississippi and began his college career at Meridian Community College in 2001 before moving to Tyler Junior College in 2002. In 2003, he transferred to Western Kentucky University. He scored only once in 2003, but led the team with 11 goals his senior season. In 2004, he was an assistant coach with WKU while he finished his degree.
During his college years Alexander also played with the Nashville Metros in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
In March 2005, Alexander turned professional with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division. He played no games for Charleston that year. In 2006, he played for the Cincinnati Kings of the USL Second Division. In March 2007, he signed with the Richmond Kickers of USL-2 before moving to the Wilmington Hammerheads for the 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19303049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303049" title="ChaseLinx">
ChaseLinx

ChaseLinx is the name given by Arriva Midlands to buses in the West Midlands and South Staffordshire areas of the Arriva Midlands North bus division.
The name is derived from the 2007 purchasing of Chase Coaches by Arriva.
History.
In early 2007, Arriva Midlands North purchased an independent bus operator, Chase Coaches for a 'significant' sum of money. Despite being based in Cannock the majority of services operated by the company were in the Wolverhampton and Walsall areas and were operated by Leyland Nationals.
Shortly after the takeover and to minimise confusion a new ChaseLinx branding was introduced, not just to buses on the ex-Chase routes, but to all routes operating from the Cannock depot (where Chase Bus Service operations also moved to after the takeover).
Depots.
Services using ChaseLinx branding are only operated from the Arriva Midlands North, Cannock Delta Way garage. This was previously the Headquarters of the whole Arriva Midlands North operation which spans an area from Wrexham to Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19303057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303057" title="Laura Sánchez (swimmer)">
Laura Sánchez (swimmer)

Laura Sánchez Rodríguez (born May 5, 1972) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Mexico. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Her best result there was the 17th place (4:26.73) in the Women's 4x100m Medley Relay event, alongside Heike Koerner (backstroke), Ana Mendoza (breaststroke), and Gabriela Gaja (butterfly).

</doc>
<doc id="19303062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303062" title="Better Movies">
Better Movies

Better Movies is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 44th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19303078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303078" title="Nacliodes">
Nacliodes

Nacliodes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Nacliodes microsippia, which is found in Angola, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea and Uganda.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303080" title="Lisiate Fa'aoso">
Lisiate Fa'aoso

Lisiate Fa'aoso (born Kolonga, 18 March 1983) is a Tongan rugby union footballer who currently plays for Agen. He plays as a lock.
Career.
Fa'aoso plays for Agen. He has been in the Tonga squad since 2004. He was also selected for the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals where he played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19303083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303083" title="Nanna (moth)">
Nanna (moth)

Nanna is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303089" title="Nannoarctia">
Nannoarctia

Nannoarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303095" title="Armenian Mighty Handful">
Armenian Mighty Handful

The Armenian Mighty Handful (, "Armyanskaya moguchaya kuchka"), refers to a circle of Soviet Armenian classical music composers. It consisted of 5 persons born in 1920-1921, studied at Yerevan State Conservatory and in mid-1940s entered to the Moscow Conservatory and the Armenian Cultural Studio's courses. Among the main professors and supporters of their studies were Aram Khachaturian and Dmitry Shostakovich. Four members of the group were awarded by the People's Artist of USSR highest title, Alexander Arutiunian and Arno Babajanian were also awarded by the USSR State Prize in their young ages.
The oldest and leading member of the group is Alexander Arutiunian. In 1950 among with Babajanian he composed the "Armenian rhapsody" and jointly performed it on two pianos. Another example of cooperation within the group was the soundtrack of popular "The Song of First Love" film by "Armenfilm" composed by Arno Babajanian and Lazar Sarian. Many of the songs became all-time hits in Armenia.
The group's art was an important event for the Armenian culture and influenced younger Armenian composers. According to Sahan Arzruni, "in the music world, they established the Armenian musical school".

</doc>
<doc id="19303096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303096" title="Michael Broad">
Michael Broad

Michael Broad is a children's author, including his latest series Monsterbook. "Jake Cake and The Werewolf Teacher" was shortlisted for the 2007 Waterstones Children's Book Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19303097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303097" title="Nannoceryx">
Nannoceryx

Nannoceryx is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nannoceryx myiella".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303100" title="Nannodota">
Nannodota

Nannodota is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nannodota minuta".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303106" title="Narosodes">
Narosodes

Narosodes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303111" title="Alphaea (moth)">
Alphaea (moth)

Alphaea is a genus in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303117" title="Neagylla">
Neagylla

Neagylla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neagylla nevosa".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303123" title="Neardonaea">
Neardonaea

Neardonaea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neardonaea metallica".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303126" title="Neasura">
Neasura

Neasura is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Some species are:

</doc>
<doc id="19303131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303131" title="Neasuroides">
Neasuroides

Neasuroides is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303136" title="Scrutiny (journal)">
Scrutiny (journal)

Scrutiny: A Quarterly Review was a literature periodical founded in 1932 by L. C. Knights and F. R. Leavis, who remained its principal editor until the final issue in 1953. Other editors include Lionel Charles Knights and Harold Andrew Mason.
An additional volume, number 20, is often included in this series, including "A Retrospect" by Leavis, indexes, and errata.
Background.
Literary critic and historian Boris Ford has stated that it was L. C. Knights "who had the idea of creating such a literary quarterly, and took steps to bring it into being on 15 May 1932 - Knights's 26th birthday. Knights was the only one of Scrutiny's editors who served in that role for every one of its 76 issues." The first issue appeared early in May 1932, with 100 copies sold in the first week, with subscribers including T.S. Eliot, George Santayana, R. H. Tawney and Aldous Huxley. The circulation rose slowly, with 750 copies being printed later in the 1930s, and 1000 copies in the 1940s. At its height in the 1950s, "Scrutiny" only printed 1,500 copies, but most of these were held by colleges and academic libraries for circulation. As such, "Scrutiny" was widely read, and Leavis became very influential in 20th century literary criticism in part because he was editor of the journal.
After writing many articles for the journal, music critic Wilfrid Mellers appeared on the editorial board of the January 1942 issue, and continued in that position until the December 1948 issue. Besides its editorial staff, "Scrutiny" was able to have a contributing body of many important literary critics, including: Q.D. Leavis, Marlus Bewley, William Empson, L.C. Knights, Michael Oakeshott, Herbert Read, I. A. Richards, George Santayana, Derek Traversi, and Martin Turnell. Some of the contributors to "Scrutiny" were also contributors to "Left Review". Many contributors focused on the topics of education and politics, but, according to Richard Poirier, "its most important achievement was a nearly complete revaluation of English literature". That is not to say that they always supported these critics; according to John Grant, "Scrutiny" denounced "the later work of Empson and Richards" and disregarded "critics in the colonies such as Blackmur, Burke, and Frye".
Critical response.
Poirier claims that ""Scrutiny" had earned more respect and more denunciation than any other quarterly in English". Grant, in responding to Poirier's review of "Scrutiny", found that ""Scrutiny" specialized in being right—half the time. In order to praise, it felt compelled also to damn, and then found it easy to do so because it possessed "standards" against which all works could be judged."
There were other detractors, including T. S. Eliot; "'I so strongly disagreed with Dr Leavis during the last days of ,' Eliot wrote, 'and objected to his attacks and innuendoes about people I knew and respected. I think it is a pity he became so intemperate in his views and was extravagant in his admirations, as I had, in the earlier stages of the magazine, felt great sympathy for its editor.'"
Collections.
Articles from "Scrutiny" have been separately republished in collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19303137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303137" title="Nebrarctia">
Nebrarctia

Nebrarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Near East, Central Asia and Himalayas.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303140" title="Heike Koerner">
Heike Koerner

Heike Koerner Romo (born September 23, 1973) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from Mexico. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. There she ended up in 17th place (4:26.73) in the Women's 4x100m Medley Relay event, alongside Ana Mendoza (breaststroke), Gabriela Gaja (butterfly), and Laura Sánchez (freestyle).

</doc>
<doc id="19303143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303143" title="One Wild Ride">
One Wild Ride

One Wild Ride is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 45th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Synopsis.
The gang has a taxi, consisting of an old Model T with no engine, pushed by a horse. When the owner takes his horse back, they must rely on motorists to tow them to the top of the hill so they can coast down. Little Farina borrows the car and it runs out of control all over town, causing mayhem everywhere it goes.
Notes.
This 1925 "Our Gang" short was remade in the 1932 "Little Rascals" short "Free Wheeling".

</doc>
<doc id="19303145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303145" title="Paal Nilssen-Love discography">
Paal Nilssen-Love discography

Paal Nilssen-Love (born December 24, 1974) is a Norwegian drummer active in the jazz and free jazz genres.
He has released two solo albums, and his portfolio includes Atomic, School Days, The Thing, Scorch Trio, Territory Band, FME, and various duo projects such as with reedmen Peter Brötzmann, Ken Vandermark, John Butcher, organist Nils Henrik Asheim and noise experimentalist Lasse Marhaug.
Other ensembles.
The Thing.
See also "The Music of Norman Howard", an album by "School Days" and "The Thing".

</doc>
<doc id="19303148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303148" title="Neeressa">
Neeressa

Neeressa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303152" title="Vanik Zakaryan">
Vanik Zakaryan

Vanik Zakaryan or Zakharyan (born March 21, 1936 in Meghri, Armenia) is an Armenian academic, specialist on complex analysis, Member of the Presidium of the Armenian Academy of Sciences (2000), Vice-president (1996) and the honorary vice-president (2000) of the World Chess Federation. He was awarded the Khorenatsi medal be decree of Robert Kocharyan in the first years of the third millennium.
He was graduated from the Yerevan State University, then worked as vice-rector for educational affairs of Yerevan State Pedagogical University. A Doctor of Physico-mathematical sciences (1992), professor, Zakaryan is the head of the Department of Mathematics of Yerevan Polytechnic since 1975.
He was twice Armenian chess champion (1961 jointly, and 1976 jointly).

</doc>
<doc id="19303154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303154" title="Neidalia">
Neidalia

Neidalia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303159" title="Nelphe">
Nelphe

Nelphe is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19303163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303163" title="Neoarctia">
Neoarctia

Neoarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19303165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303165" title="Valley Stream 30 Union Free School District">
Valley Stream 30 Union Free School District

Valley Stream 30 Union Free School District is a public school district in New York State that serves about 1500 students in the village of Valley Stream, New York in southeast Nassau County with a staff of 180 (121 teachers and 59 support staff). It is unique in that most school districts in New York State encompass grades K–12 while this district includes elementary grades K–6 only. It is one of three Valley Stream districts (the others are Elementary Districts 13 and 24) whose students graduate to a separately managed district, Valley Stream Central High School District, for the higher grades.
The average class size is 20 students (all grades). The student-teacher ratio is 13:1.
Dr. Elaine Kanas is the Superintendent of Schools.
The District motto is "The friendly schools".
Board of education.
The Board of Education (BOE) consists of 5 members who serve rotating five-year terms. Elections are held each May for board members and to vote on the School District Budget.
Schools.
The district operates four schools:
Performance.
In 2003, 94% of students tested at acceptable levels 3 or 4 in Elementary-Level Social Studies. In 2008, student test scores exceeded the state average in all grades and tested subject areas of New York State standardized tests.

</doc>
<doc id="19303185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303185" title="Neoduma">
Neoduma

Neoduma is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303186" title="Neomulona">
Neomulona

Neomulona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neomulona torniplaga".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303189" title="Neonerita">
Neonerita

Neonerita is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303193" title="Neophemula">
Neophemula

Neophemula is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neophemula vitrina".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303197" title="Cole House">
Cole House

Cole House or Cole Farm may refer to:
in the United States "(by state then town or city)"

</doc>
<doc id="19303199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303199" title="Neoplynes">
Neoplynes

Neoplynes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19303201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303201" title="Ana Mendoza">
Ana Mendoza

Ana Mendoza Velasco (born October 4, 1970) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Mexico. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. There, she ended up in 17th place (4:26.73) in the Women's 4x100m Medley Relay event, alongside Heike Koerner (backstroke), Gabriela Gaja (butterfly), and Laura Sánchez (freestyle).

</doc>
<doc id="19303204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303204" title="Wilmott Magazine">
Wilmott Magazine

"Wilmott" magazine' is a mathematical finance and risk management magazine, combining technical articles with humor pieces. Each copy of "Wilmott" is 11 inches square, runs about 100 pages, and is printed on glossy paper. The magazine has the highest subscription price of any magazine.
Content and contributors.
"Wilmott" has a section with technical articles on mathematical finance, but includes quantitative financial comic strips, and lighter articles.
"Wilmott" magazine's regular contributors include Edward Thorp, Espen Gaarder Haug, Aaron Brown, William Ziemba, Nassim Taleb, Henriette Prast, Kent Osband, Satyajit Das, Babak Mahdavi Damghani, Dave Ingram, Elie Ayache, Milford Radley and Jan Darasz.
History.
The magazine was launched in 1999 in London. The publishers are Wiley Publishing and editor in chief Paul Wilmott. The magazine's target audience is people working with quantitative finance in hedge fund, investment banks, risk management and professional investment management firms.
Dissenters.
In June 2005, a group of Wilmott personnel broke off and formed another enclave, Nuclear Phynance.

</doc>
<doc id="19303235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303235" title="Gabriela Gaja">
Gabriela Gaja

Gabriela Gaja Cover (born March 5, 1972) is a retired female butterfly swimmer from Mexico. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. There, she ended up in 17th place (4:26.73) in the Women's 4x100m Medley Relay event, alongside Heike Koerner (backstroke), Ana Mendoza (breaststroke), and Laura Sánchez (freestyle).

</doc>
<doc id="19303244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303244" title="Good Cheer">
Good Cheer

Good Cheer is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 46th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19303252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303252" title="Common Historic District">
Common Historic District

Common District or Common Historic District may refer to:
or any of many other historic districts with town-specific names of form Town Common Historic District listed on the NRHP, such as Willington Common Historic District, in Willington, Connecticut

</doc>
<doc id="19303258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303258" title="The Lena Baker Story">
The Lena Baker Story

Hope & Redemption: The Lena Baker Story is a 2008 film adaptation of the book by Lela Bond Phillips that chronicles the life and death of Lena Baker, an African-American woman in Georgia. It was written for the screen and directed by Ralph Wilcox.
As the opening night premiere film for the 2008 Atlanta Film Festival, it sold out. The film was also screened at the Cannes Film Festival on May 16, 2008.
Plot.
The film chronicles the life of Lena Baker, a young maid and mother of three. Convicted in 1945 of murder by an all-white, male jury, she was the only woman in Georgia to be executed by the electric chair. She had claimed self-defense in the fatal shooting of her employer, Ernest Knight, an abusive drunk who had forced her into a sexual relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="19303260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303260" title="People's Liberation Army, Nepal">
People's Liberation Army, Nepal

People's Liberation Army, Nepal () is the armed wing of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (CPN(M)). The PLA was founded in 2002, in the midst of the Nepal Civil War initiated by the Maoists in 1996. The chief commander of the PLA during the war was Prachanda (Pushpa Kamal Dahal). On September 12, 2008, Nanda Kishor Pun was appointed new chief commander of the PLA, as Prachanda had become Prime Minister of Nepal. This move was in line with a pledge issued by the CPN(M), issued prior to the 2008 Constituent Assembly election, that their members elected to the Assembly would leave their PLA positions. 
Following the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, the PLA soldiers stay in cantoments. The CPA stipulates that PLA and the Royal Nepal Army should be integrated.
Change of military tactics.
After the negotiations with Government of the king broke down, CPN(M) decided changing their strategy. Meanwhile Maoist senior leader C.P. Gajurel was arrested on August 20, 2003 at Chennai International Airport. In January and February 2004 CPN(M) suffered a big setback and lost more than 80 armies attacking different regions of Nepal. There was a pressure from international side, the human rights organization for the brutal killings and kidnappings of civil countrymen during the insurgency. Issuing a press statement on March 16, 2004 Chairman Prachanda said, "Our party has been committed to the fundamental norms of human rights and the Geneva convention since the start of the people’s war. Anyone who without prejudice judges the facts of the eight years can find our People’s Liberation Army has been showing respectful behaviour, treatment to the injured and releasing the prisoners of the war in good condition."
During this period the party changed their military tactics, strategic offence. The PLA was immediately instructed to coverage at Thawang in Rolpa to prepare for a major offensive. The foremost responsibility was provided to the Western command of the PLA. The People’s Liberation Army from the brigades at Mangalsen, Gorahi-Satbaria, Lise-Gam and Basu Memorial were in Thawang by 8 March. All the PLA men were introduced with the war strategy and instructed for a major attack, the one in the last years of history of the people’s war. The responsibility of executing the plan was entitled to Diwakar, a senior Maoist leader which was believed to be worked out by chairman Prachanda. Between March 8 and 11, PLA commanders Diwakar and Pasang (current commander-in-chief of PLA) built sand models to illustrate the war strategy.
On March 12, the armed forces began moving towards the east with nearly about 3000 combatants. With a heavy preparation of arms, lodging, medicine, the PLA were into their destination. From Rolpa, the PLA made their way to Baglung through Rukum. Commander Pasang was in regular contact with chairman Prachanda. Before reaching Beni, the headquarters of Myagdi district, the PLA was given a final briefing about the war operation. The PLA attacked at 11 pm, March 20. The battle lasted throughout the night till 10 am, the next day. The [Royal Nepal Army claimed killing of about 500 Maoist combattants. But opposing the claim, a statement released by Comrade Biplav claimed the killing of about 120 RNA and 26 policemen. 33 people include RNA soldiers, policemen and CDO with Deputy Superintendent of Police was taken prisoners by the PLA. CPN(M) proposed the releasing of their senior leaders Matrika Yadav, Suresh Ale Magar, Tilak Sharma and others in account of releasing the prisoners. 
Chairman Prachanda vowed to continue the people’s war. He highlighted the attacking of PLA to the army barracks.Describing that the attack as a successful operation, chairman Prachanda claimed that it had blown away the myths about the RNA being trained with foreign forces was invincible.
Size.
According to UNMIN, the PLA has around 19,600 confirmed fighters residing in different cantonments over the past 3 years. The ones who were found to be unqualified during the verification process have been removed from the cantonments recently under an agreement of UNMIN (United Nations Mission in Nepal) peronnel, the Nepalese government and the party.
Barrier in the integration.
The Nepali Maoist party's ambitious plan to fuse its People’s Liberation army with the latter's arch enemy, the Nepal Army, has come unstuck yet again with the opposition party refusing to toe the former rebels' line. Prime Minister Prachanda, who till two months ago was also the supreme commander of the guerrilla People's Liberation Army, had announced that a special committee would be formed to begin the controversial reintegration process. However, the panel could not be formed as the opposition, former Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala's Nepali Congress raised the voice of dissentt the meeting of four major parties shooting down the Maoist proposal that the committee should be headed by a Maoist representative.
NC leaders have also begun protests against what they say is a move by the Maoists to appoint Nanda Kishor Pun 'Pasang', the chief of PLA after Prachanda stepped down, as the chief of the re-shuffled army. Due to the infighting among the two biggest parties, Prachanda, for the second time Thursday, put off the scheduled cabinet meeting that was to have announced the formation of the committee. More homework and parleys among the parties need to be done, the embattled Maoist chief told the news media. The merger of the PLA with the Nepal Army remains one of the biggest blocks in the ongoing peace process in Nepal.
Over 19,000 PLA fighters are leading a grim life in cantonments for nearly two years, hoping for eventual state recognition by being included in the state army. The merger was a key condition of the peace pact signed by the Maoists in 2006, which paved the way for their relinquishing [arms and the restoration of peace in insurgency-racked Nepal.
The NC, which was the ruling party in 2006, had agreed to the condition. Now however, smarting under a poll defeat, it has begun opposing the integration, saying the PLA was a political motivated that could not be trusted to be non-partisan. The army is also opposing the merger. The army chief, Gen. Rukmangud Katawal, has said that the army would accept only those who met international recruitment norms. The Nepalese army showed a disagreement to the Maoist proposal since long back, when this issue of merger was put forward. CPN(M) clearly denies a complete peace process without the integration of the two forces and creating a ‘new’ national army.
The integration process was started in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19303300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303300" title="Christopher Pond">
Christopher Pond

Christopher Pond (1826–1881) was a British caterer and hotelier. 
Christopher Pond was born in Essex in 1826. While looking to seek his fortune in Australia he met Felix William Spiers, and the pair rented a room at the Melbourne National Hotel in which they created their first restaurant called "The Shakespeare Grill Room", catering for gold miners. They then created the Café de Paris in Melbourne, before moving into railway catering for the gold miners' Melbourne-Ballarat Railway during the 1850s. 
Spiers & Pond organised the first tour of a national English cricket team to Australia during 1861/2,and were involved with the first balloon flight in Australia.
Returning to England, they pioneered railway catering to the UK, introducing it on the Metropolitan Railway and the London, Chatham and Dover Railway. They also created the Criterion restaurant and theatre in Piccadilly, London. 
Although he lived at Herne Hill, Pond died in Margate on 30 July 1881. He is buried in West Norwood Cemetery where his elaborate mausoleum is listed as Grade II. 
Spiers and Pond's business continued successfully until 1957, owning a dozen restaurants including the Gaiety Theatre Restaurant in The Strand, the Grand Hotel, Brighton, catering at the Regents Park Zoo and the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane and a monthly mail order catering catalogue. 

</doc>
<doc id="19303313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303313" title="Nate Northup">
Nate Northup

Nate Northup (born Grinnell, Iowa) is an American soccer midfielder who currently coaches for the PVSC Exiles.
College.
Northup attended California State University Monterey Bay, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2000 to 2003. He graduated cum laude in 2004 with a bachelors degree in teledramatic arts and technology.
Professional.
During his collegiate career, Northup also played as an amateur with the Salinas Valley Samba of the fourth division National Premier Soccer League. Following his graduation from college in 2004, he moved to Europe where he had trials with Tres Cantos Pegaso and Hammarby IF. In 2006, he returned to the U.S. and signed with the Boulder Rapids Reserve of the PDL. A year later, he moved to the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division. The Hammerheads released him in 2008.
Coach.
Northup was an assistant coach with the California State University, Monterey Bay men's and women's soccer teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19303335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303335" title="Neoscaptia">
Neoscaptia

Neoscaptia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303342" title="Avelino Acosta">
Avelino Acosta

Andrés Avelino Acosta Parra (10 November 1917 – August 2008) was a Paraguayan football (soccer) player that also defended his country during the Chaco War.
As a footballer, Acosta played for Club Oriental, Cerro Porteño, Atlántida SC and most importantly for Atlético Corrales where he was part of the longest tour by a Paraguayan team around Latin American (it lasted 1 year and 15 days). Acosta also played in several occasions for the Paraguay national football team, including the 1942 Copa America. He played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="19303349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303349" title="Buried Treasure (1926 film)">
Buried Treasure (1926 film)

Buried Treasure is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 47th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19303353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303353" title="Frederic Lloyd">
Frederic Lloyd

Frederic Lloyd, OBE (1 July 1918 - 27 July 1995), was an English theatre manager. Most notably, Lloyd was the General Manager of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1951 until its closure in 1982.
Biography.
Lloyd was born into an ecclesiastical family near Oxford, England. During the Second World War he worked with the Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts, the precursor of the Arts Council.
In 1951 he was a director of the Festival of Britain, and in September of that year he was appointed General Manager of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and of the Savoy Theatre, in succession to Alfred Nightingale. In addition to his D'Oyly Carte duties, Lloyd was a member of the council of management of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and played an important part in saving the orchestra's tour of America in 1963 at a critical time in the RPO's fortunes. From 1961 to 1982, Lloyd was also secretary of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Trust. In 1966 he was elected President of the Theatrical Managers' Association.
With D'Oyly Carte's closure, Lloyd retired from theatre management, although he continued to sit on numerous committees. He was chairman of the governors of the Royal Academy of Music, 1980-83, and trustee and chairman of the general committee of the Garrick Club, 1976-84. He wrote articles on Elgar and Beethoven, and he collaborated with Robin Wilson on an official history of the D'Oyly Carte Company in 1984.
On his retirement, he moved from his London home in St John's Wood to the village of Strathpeffer, Scotland, near Inverness, where he became a lay-preacher at his local church. His wife Valerie died in 1991. They had two sons.
Lloyd died in Inverness at age 77.

</doc>
<doc id="19303366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303366" title="Wolfgang Krege">
Wolfgang Krege

Wolfgang Krege (born 1 February 1939, Berlin; died 13 April 2005, Stuttgart) was a German author and translator. 
Life and work.
Wolfgang Krege was born and raised in Berlin. In the early 1960s he began studying philosophy at the Free University of Berlin. Afterwards he worked as editor of lexica, as copywriter and editor for publishing houses. In the 1970s he started translating texts, initially focusing on non-fiction.
Tolkien literature.
He gained a greater readership by his translation of J. R. R. Tolkien's book "The Silmarillion". In the 1990s he retranslated "The Hobbit"; compared to the earlier translation by Walter Scherf, who had left out or shortened most of the poems and songs embedded into the plot, and which moreover contained illustrations by children's books illustrator Klaus Ensikat, Krege's version rather appeals to a more grown-up readership. Another difference is made by a lack of adherence to the original: Krege has a tendency to write a funnier and fancier book than the original "Hobbit". Thereby various sentences are interpreted in a way which cannot any more be regarded as translation but is clearly new script. Additionally, Krege's version features a number of modern words like ""Hurricane"" which can easily be seen atypical for the medievally and European inspired Middle-earth (although Tolkien's original as well does contain words like "football" or "express train"). Krege's translation of place names though is closer to the original script. Where "Rivendell" remained untranslated by Scherf, Krege used "Bruchtal" and standardised the place names according to the German translation of "The Lord of the Rings" by Margaret Carroux and E.-M. von Freymann (Klett-Cotta 1969/1970). He also eradicated earlier misinterpretations of English "Elf" to German ""Fee"" (fairy), where Tolkien explicitly wished to distinguish his elves from the diminutive airy-winged fairies.
Krege's retranslation of "The Lord of the Rings" (Ger.: "Der Herr der Ringe") is highly disputed among fans. The new German interpretation of 2002 tries stronger than the old Carroux version to reflect the different style of speech employed by the various characters in the book. In the old German translation the speech is quite uniform throughout the plot – moderately old-fashioned and according to some critics even artificially folksy. The English original though features various layers of speech, from a 16th-century Bible style to the rustic and urban, sometimes gross, common British English of the 1940s, i.e. the time of its being written. Krege tries to imitate this in German, but used the German language of the 1990s as a reference rather than the 1940s. For example, he translated Samwise Gamgee's often-employed phrase "Master Frodo" to ""Chef"" (German (and French): boss; not to be confused with English "master cook") - a term which many fans of classic fantasy literature in German-speaking countries think of as totally improper. In Wolfgang Krege's translation, the appendices to "The Lord of the Rings" are for the first time completely translated to German, save for one part.
Other translations.
Krege wrote also an (equally disputed) retranslation of Anthony Burgess' "A Clockwork Orange" as well as other works by Burgess. In addition, Krege was the standard translator to German for works by Amélie Nothomb.

</doc>
<doc id="19303381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303381" title="CCTV Cities">
CCTV Cities

CCTV Cities is a 2008 British television documentary program, produced and presented by journalist Donal MacIntyre. Each episode featured a British town or city. Leeds (Halton Moor and Leeds city centre), Wigan, Edinburgh and London were all featured. The documentary was shown on Five.
Instances shown include an attempted suicide on a bridge in Leeds, where a man attempts to commit suicide by jumping into the River Aire, as well as police being attacked with missiles in Halton Moor, Leeds, when criminals attempted to regain a stolen car which the police were recovering.

</doc>
<doc id="19303388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303388" title="Neosiccia">
Neosiccia

Neosiccia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neosiccia accurata".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303391" title="Neotalara">
Neotalara

Neotalara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neotalara metamelaena".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303393" title="Neothyone">
Neothyone

Neothyone is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303398" title="Neotrichura">
Neotrichura

Neotrichura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neotrichura nigripes".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303399" title="Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990">
Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990

Luxembourg and RTL Télévision continued to internallty select the entry for the Eurovision Song Contest. For the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, the chose French singer Céline Carzo with the song "Quand je te rêve" (When I Dream Of You), sung in French.
At Eurovision.
Carzo performed for Luxembourg 6th in the running order, following the Netherlands and preceding the United Kingdom. Her song received 38 points, placing 13th of 22 countries competing. 

</doc>
<doc id="19303402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303402" title="Neozana">
Neozana

Neozana is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neozana germana".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303404" title="Monkey Business (1926 film)">
Monkey Business (1926 film)

Monkey Business is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 48th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19303426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303426" title="Neozatrephes">
Neozatrephes

Neozatrephes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303427" title="Christopher Clayton (businessman)">
Christopher Clayton (businessman)

Sir (George) Christopher Clayton (11 July 1869 – 28 July 1945) was a British scientist, industrialist and Conservative politician.
Clayton was educated at Harrow School and Heidelberg and graduated from University College, Liverpool with a PhD in chemistry in 1896. On graduation he obtained a post with the United Alkali Company of Widnes. In 1907 he joined the board of the company. When United Alkali was merged with three other chemical companies to from Imperial Chemical Industries in 1926, Clayton became a director of ICI. 
At the 1922 general election he succeeded in regaining the Widnes constituency for the Conservative party. He held the seat until the 1929 election when he was defeated by his Labour Party opponent. In 1925 he was appointed by Order in Council to the Board of Trade Advisory Council for Scientific and Industrial Research. At the 1931 general election he returned to parliament as MP for the Wirral Division of Cheshire. He was President of the Royal Institute of Chemistry from 1930 to 1933 and was knighted in 1933. He only sat for one term, retiring in 1935 due to his business commitments.
Apart from being a director of ICI, Clayton was also chairman of the Liverpool Gas Company and vice-chairman of the Power Gas Corporation.
Clayton married Mabel Valentine Grainger of Perth in 1896, and made his home at Kilry Lodge, Alyth, Perthshire, where he died in 1945 aged seventy-six.

</doc>
<doc id="19303434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303434" title="List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 3)">
List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 3)

This article lists the episodes and short summaries of the 23rd to 45th and 51st episodes of the anime series, known in the English dub as the third season of "Ranma ½" or "Hard Battle".
Rumiko Takahashi's manga series "Ranma ½" was adapted into two anime series: "Ranma ½" which ran on Fuji TV for 18 episodes and "Ranma ½ Nettōhen" which ran for 143. The first TV series was canceled due to low ratings in September 1989, but was then brought back in December as the much more popular and much longer-running "Ranma ½ Nettōhen".
Viz Media licensed both anime for English dubs and labeled them as one. They released them in North America in seven DVD collections they call "seasons". "Nettōhen" episodes 23 to 45 and 51 are season 2, which was given the title "Hard Battle". Episode 51 was inserted as episode 63 in this season, while 46 to 50 are in season 4.
Episode 23's opening theme is introductory piece "Ranma You Pervert" and its closing is by Etsuko Nishio. The next opening theme song is by CoCo. The closing theme from 24 to 38 is by the "Ranma ½ Choral Ensemble", composed of the anime's original voice actors. The third closing theme is by Tokyo Shōnen; though it was never used in the English dub.
Episode list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19303437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303437" title="Nephelomilta">
Nephelomilta

Nephelomilta is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303442" title="Nephelosia">
Nephelosia

Nephelosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nephelosia caecina".

</doc>
<doc id="19303443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303443" title="Nepita">
Nepita

Nepita is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. The genus consists of only one species, Nepita conferta, which can be found in India and Ceylon.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303447" title="Ivan Yarygin">
Ivan Yarygin

Ivan Yarygin (November 7, 1948, Ust-Kamzas, Kemerovo Oblast - October 11, 1997) was a former Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling. He became a coach following his competitive career and later he was the President of the Russian Wrestling Federation. He was killed in a car crash in 1997. In March 2002, a monument was dedicated to Yarygin in Krasnoyarsk. Further, a commemorative international tournament, the Ivan Yarygin International, takes place every year in Krasnoyarsk in mid-winter.
Olympics.
Yarygin competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the weight class. He also won a gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="19303450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303450" title="Ljubljana–Matica Mountaineering Club">
Ljubljana–Matica Mountaineering Club

The Ljubljana–Matica Mountaineering Club or Ljubljana–Matica Climbing Club (, shortly or just ), with its office located in Ljubljana, is the oldest and by the number of members the largest mountaineering club in Slovenia and a member of the Mountaineering Association of Slovenia. It was established in 1893 as the "Central Club" of the Slovenian Mountaineering Society and adapted its current name in 1948. In 2007, the club had over 3000 members, among them the deceased climber Pavle Kozjek. The current president of the club is Tomaž Willenpart.
Sections of the club are involved in climbing, mountain guiding and mountain rescue, operating paths, educating youth, publishing and protecting the mountain environment. The club operates the following mountain shelters: the Triglav Mountain Hut on Kredarica, the Triglav Lakes Mountain Hut, the Savica Mountain Hut, the Kamniška Bistrica Mountain Hut, the Komna Mountain Hut, and the Mali Podi Shelter under Skuta.

</doc>
<doc id="19303476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303476" title="Irving Klaw Trio">
Irving Klaw Trio

Irving Klaw Trio was an American experimental rock group formed in Olympia, Washington in the 1990s.
The band, named after Irving Klaw, was started when founding members Jeff Fuccillo, Jason Funk and Andrew Price met at the Evergreen State College. Later the group added saxophonist Ryan Polous but retained the "trio" name. Early recordings were influential lo-fi recordings released on numerous underground cassette tape labels such as Shrimper, Union Pole, Chocolate Monk and Catsup Plate. Later recordings were more refined and drew from a variety of influences including free jazz, space-rock and world music.
Jeff Fuccillo and Jason Funk now play in the Japanese improvisational band Helll. Andrew Price is a member of Hungry Ghost.

</doc>
<doc id="19303478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303478" title="Stramshall">
Stramshall

Stramshall is a village within the civil parish of Uttoxeter Rural in the county of Staffordshire, England. The village is 2.1 miles north of the town of Uttoxeter, 16.3 miles north east of Stafford and 143 miles north west of London. The village lies 0.8 miles north of the A50 that links Warrington to Leicester. The nearest railway station is at Uttoxeter for the Crewe to Derby line. The nearest airport is East Midlands Airport.
History.
Stramshall has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Stramshall is recorded by the name "Stagrigesholle". The manor was owned by the King. The main tenant was Alric who had owned the manor before the Norman Conquest.
Parish Council.
Stramshall falls within the civil parish known as Uttoxeter Rural. The council meets once a month and they hold their meetings in the village halls of both Stramshall and the near-by village of Bramshall which they use alternately each month. The village hall in Stramshall was built in 1979 and is located in Vicarage Drive.
Parish Church of Saint Michael and All Saints.
The parish church was built between 1850 and 1852 and was made a separate ecclesiastic parish in 1853.
Stramshall Football Club.
Stramshall Football Club is an amateur club based in the Staffordshire area. It was founded in 2005 to raise funds to refurbish the local playing field. Their kit consists of a yellow shirt with black sleeves, black Shorts and white socks. The team hold a Lads v Dads charity football game annually to help with this cause.

</doc>
<doc id="19303496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303496" title="Baby Clothes">
Baby Clothes

Baby Clothes is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 49th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19303501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303501" title="Rawthorpe">
Rawthorpe

Rawthorpe is a district of Huddersfield situated at the top of Kilner bank, just east of Huddersfield town centre and close to the John Smith's Stadium. Consisting largely of a large council estate, the area also contains several notable buildings including Nether Hall (now a riding school.) Netherhall Learning Campus (formerly Rawthorpe High School) is situated on Nether Hall Avenue, as is the Creative & Media Studio School.
Rawthorpe Hall, a Grade II listed building, now converted into dwellings gives its apparent Norse place name to the vicinity. Historically, Rawthorpe lies in the ancient civil parish of Kirkheaton and the township of Dalton. 

</doc>
<doc id="19303507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303507" title="RAF Carew Cheriton">
RAF Carew Cheriton

RAF Carew Cheriton was a Royal Air Force airfield of Coastal and Training Command near Carew, Pembrokeshire. It was sited 4.7 miles north west of Tenby. It was built on the site of RNAS Pembroke (aka RNAS Milton) from the First World War, which had been decommissioned and sold off in the inter war years.
History.
First World War.
Royal Naval Air Station Pembroke or Milton as it was known then opened in August 1915. The base operated SS-class (Submarine Scout or Sea Scout), SSZ-class (Sea Scout Zero) and C-class (Coastal-class or 'Coastals') blimps which operated over the Irish Sea, Bristol Channel and Western Approaches on anti-submarine patrols. In April 1917 the base began operating Sopwith 1½ Strutter and Airco D.H.6 biplanes. Royal Naval Air Station Pembroke closed in March 1920.
Second World War.
Carew Cheriton was recommissioned in 1938, initially with grass runways. From the early 1940s there were three concrete runways, making the station a Class A airfield. The airfield was used as a support station for the flying boat operations at RAF Pembroke Dock. Operational flying ceased in 1942. On 15 April 1941 12 airmen were killed in a Luftwaffe air raid which hit the station's sickbay. In 1942 the station became No. 10 Radio School, a training camp for aircrew wireless operators. RAF Carew Cheriton closed in 1945. 
Postwar.
The base was used as an emergency landing site on two occasions after its closure. A de Havilland Vampire FB.5 from Anglesey made a successful emergency landing on the old runway after experiencing mechanical problems. A Bristol Beaufighter in a separate incident also attempted an emergency landing but sadly crashed short of the runway with no survivors.
Current use.
The site is no longer used as an airfield though much remains including the runway and the Second World War control tower (adjacent to the Carew Cheriton Showground) has been restored by the Carew Cheriton Control Tower Group, and turned into a museum which is open to the public. The airfield is also used for various events and activates including car boot sales, auctions and part of the airfield has been converted for use as a go-cart track.
Other Information.
In 1962 Airfix released a 1/72 scale plastic model kit of Avro Anson Mk.I RAF serial: N9742, squadron code: MW-Y of No.321 (Dutch) Squadron RAF which was stationed at RAF Carew Cheriton August-November 1940. It has been rereleased several times since.

</doc>
<doc id="19303525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303525" title="Mount Sedgwick">
Mount Sedgwick

Mount Sedgwick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19303534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303534" title="Lucio Esposito">
Lucio Esposito

Lucio Esposito (born 16 May 1967) is a Swiss-Italian former football striker who played throughout the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.
Career.
Esposito started playing professional football in 1985 with FC Lucerne. In 1988, he signed for FC Basel. In August 1989, he signed for AC Bellinzona where he played for five years. He then signed for SC Kriens in 1994 before joining FC Aarau in 1998. Zug 94 acquired his services in 2000 and he retired in 2002. He came out of retirement in 2004 and played for Kickers Luzern for two years.

</doc>
<doc id="19303551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303551" title="Hervé-Maria Le Cléac'h">
Hervé-Maria Le Cléac'h

Hervé-Maria Le Cléac'h was born in Dinéault, France, and was ordained a priest on December 18, 1943, from the Roman Catholic religious institute, the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary. Hervé-Maria Le Cléac'h was appointed Bishop of Taiohae o Tefenuaenatal on March 1, 1973 and received his episcopal consecration on June 24, 1973. He resigned governance of the see on May 31, 1986. Le Cléac'h died on August 13, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19303556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303556" title="Alexander Thomas Emeric Vidal">
Alexander Thomas Emeric Vidal

Alexander Thomas Emeric Vidal (1792 – 5 February 1863) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He became an accomplished surveyor, and reached the rank of vice-admiral.
Early life.
Vidal was born in 1792, the youngest of four children of Emeric Vidal, who served in the Royal Navy. Alexander followed his father, embarking on a naval career in December 1803 when he joined as a 1st class volunteer. He served alternately under Sir Charles Hamilton, Michael Seymour and W. Shield. He initially served in the English Channel, off the north coast of Spain and in the West Indies, until November 1805. He later joined the Royal Naval College at Portsmouth, before joining in November 1809. Here he served under Lord William Stuart, and George Digby. He spent three years aboard the "Lavinia" at the rank of midshipman, and saw service in the Mediterranean and West Indies, and at Cadiz and Lisbon.
Promotion.
He then served on the Home Station, successively aboard , , , , and . He sailed aboard the "Conway" to the North American Station, and on arrival, spent time on the Great Lakes working in a surveying role. He was briefly employed as flag-lieutenant to Commodore Sir Edward Owen, before receiving his commission, dated February 1815. He was appointed to in August 1818, rising to the post of first lieutenant under William Owen. The death of Commander Cudlip led to Vidal being appointed to his first command, that of , and in May 1823 he was confirmed with promotion to the rank of Commander. He accompanied Owen on his voyage to Africa and on his return to England in October 1825, he was promoted to post-captain.
Hunt for Aitkin's Rock.
Aitkin's Rock was a supposed rock in the North Atlantic. Despite being observed and named by a merchant, it had not been reliably charted, and expeditions, by in 1824; and in 1827; and and had all failed to locate it. In the summer of 1830, the Admiralty placed Vidal in command of and and ordered him to investigate. There had been at least seven separate reports of the potential hazard, said to be small and protruding only about four feet from the water. Francis Beaufort worked out a rough position for the rock and Vidal set out to investigate. He spent six weeks charting the supposed locations and all of the positions in between, without discovering any evidence. Satisfied that the rock was a mere vigia, he returned to port. During his surveys in search of the rock, he discovered and charted Vidal bank, and the next year became the first to accurately chart and describe Rockall.
African mapping.
Vidal sailed aboard in December 1835, carrying 12 chronometers. He intended to calculate the meridian arc length to the Cape Verde Islands, and the west coast of Africa. He eventually carried out detailed surveys all along the African coast, so that by 1838 the Secretary of the Royal Geographical Society could remark of the survey that This tedious undertaking is drawing to a close, and will then be of equal utility to the fair traders and the anti-slavery cruisers. It is fortunately in the hands of such a man as Captain Vidal, R.N., who has steadily devoted himself during a long period of ill-health, to complete this unpopular work, and to connect with it a minute examination of the Canary Islands. Vidal then carried out surveys of the Azores aboard from September 1841 until January 1845. He then moved aboard the yacht "William & Mary" to complete the work.
Later life and legacy.
Vidal was promoted to rear-admiral on 27 January 1851, and vice-admiral on 17 June 1859. He had married Sarah Antoinette, daughter of Henry Veitch, the Consul General of Madeira, in October 1839 and had two sons, Owen Alexander (b. 1841) and Beaufort Henry (b. 1842). Following his wife's death in 1843, Vidal emigrated to Canada, where he joined his eldest brother Richard Emeric Vidal in the founding of Sarnia, Ontario. He died at Clifton, Bristol on 5 February 1863, aged 73. 
The survey ship , launched in 1951, was named in his honour. In 1955 a party from HMS "Vidal" were landed on Rockall to claim it as part of the United Kingdom, thus claiming the islet that Alexander Vidal had first surveyed over a hundred years before.

</doc>
<doc id="19303557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303557" title="1924 British Lions tour to South Africa">
1924 British Lions tour to South Africa

The 1924 British Isles tour to South Africa was the tenth tour by a British Isles team and the fifth to South Africa. The tour is retrospectively classed as one of the British Lions tours, as the Lions naming convention was not adopted until 1950. As well as South Africa, the tour included a game in Salisbury in Rhodesia, in what would become present day Harare in Zimbabwe.
Tour history.
Led by 's Ronald Cove-Smith and managed by former international Harry Packer, the tour took in 21 matches. Of the 21 games, 17 were against club or invitational teams and four were test matches against the South African national team. The British Isles lost three and drew one of the test matches making it one of the least successful Lions tours to South Africa - the 1962 and 1968 tourists also lost their test series three matches to nil with one draw. The tourist also suffered badly in the non-test games losing six and drawing one, including a run where they failed to win over an eight match period.
Several reasons have been put forward regarding the poor performance of the British Isles. The team itself was fairly unrepresentative of the best the home nations could have supplied, during a period where British rugby wasn't in its finest phase. The team also suffered from a heavy attrition rate to injury attributed to the very dry South African playing pitches; conditions that once suited British back play, and were so short of players during some periods the team was forced to use players in foreign positions.
On their return at least two of the players on the tour, Roy Muir Kinnear and Thomas Holliday went on to become dual code rugby internationals after they switched to rugby league.
The match against Orange Free State Country was a peculiar match with the home team being much weaker. Fortune shone upon the home team though, when they won the toss and decided to play with a howling wind on their backs. Half time, the wind died down and proceeded to blow with the same vengeance in the opposite direction. This advantage was enough to ensure a 6-0 win for the home side.

</doc>
<doc id="19303560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303560" title="Great Amherst Mystery">
Great Amherst Mystery

The Great Amherst Mystery was a notorious case of reported poltergeist activity in Amherst, Nova Scotia, Canada between 1878 and 1879. It was the subject of an investigation by Walter Hubbell, an actor with an interest in psychic phenomena, who kept what he claimed was a diary of events in the house, later expanded into a popular book.
Events.
The Amherst Mystery centred on Esther Cox, who lived in a small house with her married sister Olive Teed, Olive's husband Daniel, and their two young children. A brother and sister of Esther and Olive also lived in the house, as did Daniel's brother John Teed.
According to Hubbell's account, events began at the end of August 1878, after Esther Cox, then aged 18, was subjected to an attempted sexual assault by a male friend. This left her in great distress, and shortly after this the physical phenomena began. There were knockings, bangings and rustlings in the night, and Esther herself began to suffer seizures, in which her body visibly swelled and she was feverish and chilled by turns. Then objects in the house took flight.
The frightened family called in a doctor. During his visit, bedclothes moved, scratching noises were heard, and the words "Esther Cox, you are mine to kill" appeared on the wall by the head of Esther's bed. The following day the doctor administered sedatives to Esther to calm her and help her sleep, whereupon more noises and flying objects manifested themselves. Attempts to communicate with the "spirit" resulted in tapped responses to questions.
The phenomena continued for some months, and became well known locally. Visitors to the cottage, including clergymen, heard banging and knocking and witnessed moving objects, often when Esther herself was under close observation. In December Esther fell ill with diphtheria. No phenomena were observed during the two weeks she spent in bed, nor during the time she spent recuperating afterwards at the home of a married sister in Sackville, New Brunswick. However, when she returned to Amherst the mysterious events began again, this time involving the outbreak of fires in various places in the house. Esther herself now claimed to see the "ghost," which threatened to burn the house down unless she left.
In January 1879 Esther moved in with another local family, but the manifestations around her continued and were witnessed by many people, some of whom conversed with the "ghost" by questioning and rapped answers. Some were curious and sympathetic; others believed Esther herself to be responsible for the phenomena, and she met with some hostility locally. Esther was frequently slapped, pricked and scratched by the "ghost," and on one occasion was stabbed in the back with a clasp knife. Interest in the case grew as the news spread, and in late March Esther spent some time in Saint John, New Brunswick, where she was investigated by some local gentlemen with an interest in science. By now, several distinct "spirits" were apparently associated with Esther and communicating with onlookers via knocks and rappings. "Bob Nickle," the original "ghost," claimed to have been a shoemaker in life, and others identified themselves as "Peter Cox," a relative of Esther's, and "Maggie Fisher." After the visit to Saint John, Esther spent some time with the Van Amberghs, friends with a peaceful farm near Amherst and then returned to the Teeds' cottage in the summer of 1879, whereupon the phenomena broke out again. It was at this point that Walter Hubbell arrived, attracted by the publicity surrounding the case, and moved into the Teed cottage as a lodger to investigate the phenomena.
Hubbell spent some weeks with Esther and her family, and reported having personally witnessed flying and moving objects, fires, and objects appearing from nowhere, and claimed that he saw phenomena occur even when Esther herself was in full view and obviously unconnected with them. He also claimed to have witnessed attacks on Esther with pins and other sharp objects, and to have seen her in several of her fits of extreme swelling and pain. He communicated with the various named "spirits" by rapping, and listed three others: "Mary Fisher," "Jane Nickle" and "Eliza McNeal," who were also manifesting themselves as part of events.
With Hubbell's professional help, Esther Cox embarked on a speaking tour, attracting audiences who paid to see her and hear her story. However, she met with some hostile reactions and, after she was heckled one night and a disturbance broke out, the attempt was abandoned. She returned to Amherst once more, working for a man named Arthur Davison, but after his barn burned down he accused her of arson, and was convicted and sentenced to four months in prison, although she was released after only one. After this, the phenomena gradually ceased for good. Esther Cox subsequently married twice, having a son by both of her husbands. She moved to Brockton, Massachusetts with her second husband and died on 8 November 1912.
Aftermath.
Hubbell's book was published in 1888 and proved popular, selling at least 55,000 copies. The Amherst case was also investigated by the British paranormal researcher Hereward Carrington, who took statements from surviving witnesses of the events in 1907 and published them, along with a detailed account of the case, in 1913. Other researchers looked at the case more critically than Hubbell: in particular, Dr Walter F. Prince in the "Proceedings" of the American Society for Psychical Research (Vol XIII, 1919) made a detailed case for trickery by Esther Cox while in a dissociative state.
It has been suggested that certain aspects of the alleged paranormal events at Borley Rectory, sometimes dubbed "the most haunted house in England," may be linked to the Amherst case. The experiences of the Foyster family there in the early 1930s - in particular claims that writing appeared mysteriously on the wall - resemble events in the Teed household. Rev. Foyster had previously lived at Sackville, New Brunswick, and may well have been aware of the case of Esther Cox.

</doc>
<doc id="19303563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303563" title="Arsen Mekokishvili">
Arsen Mekokishvili

Arsen Mekokishvili () (April 12, 1912 – March 9, 1972) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
He was born in Georgitsminda, Georgia and died in Moscow.
Olympics.
Mekokishvili competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "heavyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19303568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303568" title="Neritonaclia">
Neritonaclia

Neritonaclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Neritonaclia argenteogutta".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303578" title="Nesiotica">
Nesiotica

Nesiotica is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nesiotica cladara".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303579" title="Neuroxena">
Neuroxena

Neuroxena is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of the following species:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303584" title="Nezula">
Nezula

Nezula is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nezula grisea".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303588" title="Erika González">
Erika González

Erika González Haydee (born January 7, 1972) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Mexico. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Her best result there was 25th place (9:17.18) in the Women's 800m Freestyle event.

</doc>
<doc id="19303589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303589" title="Nikaea (moth)">
Nikaea (moth)

Nikaea is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of two species, Nikaea longipennis (F. Walker, 1855), which can be found in Kumaon, Nepal, Sikkim, Assam, China (Sichuan, Yunnan, Shaanxi, Hubei, Jiangxi, Zhejiang, Fujian), and Nikaea matsumurai Kishida, 1983 from Taiwan and Ryukyu in Japan.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303591" title="Plowman (surname)">
Plowman (surname)

Plowman is an occupational surname based on plowman, the user of a plow. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19303592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303592" title="Ship channel">
Ship channel

A ship channel can be an artificial or dredged waterway for moving ship traffic. A ship channel can also be a channel formed through surface ice by a ship.
Several waterways are referred to as "the Ship Channel"

</doc>
<doc id="19303596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303596" title="Nilgiricola">
Nilgiricola

Nilgiricola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nilgiricola sicciana".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303597" title="Harold Andrew Mason">
Harold Andrew Mason

Harold Andrew Mason (July 30, 1911 – November 25, 1993) was a lecturer of English at Exeter University.
Biography.
Mason was born in Hull, England in 1911. He was educated at Hull Grammar School, Christ's Hospital, Hull University College and Oriel College, Oxford. He graduated from Oxford in 1934. He became a teacher of Classics at Stamford School.
In 1937, Mason began teaching Classics at a school in Switzerland and also started contributing to "Scrutiny". He got married in 1945. In 1949, he was Assistant Director of Studies in English at Downing College, Cambridge. He was an editor of "Scrutiny" from 1949 until it ceased publication in 1953. From 1955-65 he was a lecturer at Exeter University.
Mason was elected to F. R. Leavis Lectureship and a Fellow of Clare Hall in 1965. In 1966 he founded "The Cambridge Quarterly", of which he was the editor.
Mason died in Cambridge in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19303598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303598" title="Nipponasura">
Nipponasura

Nipponasura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nipponasura sanguinea".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303602" title="Nishada (moth)">
Nishada (moth)

Nishada is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303610" title="Nodozana">
Nodozana

Nodozana is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303611" title="Presbyterian Hospital Invitational Criterium">
Presbyterian Hospital Invitational Criterium

The Presbyterian Hospital Invitational Criterium, or Charlotte Criterium, is an annual criterium bicycle race along an course located in Uptown, Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. With the inaugural race occurring in 2004, this was known as the Bank of America Criterium through the 2006 race, when the name and sponsorship was changed to its current name for the 2007 event. Its $125,000 purse is the largest for this type of event in the United States. The race serves as a benefit for the Brain Tumor Fund of the Carolinas, and is an officially sanctioned race as part of the USA CRITS Tour.
__NOTOC__
Men's winners.
The men's criterium runs along a course along Tryon Street between 2nd and 7th Streets throughout Uptown Charlotte. The race has a total distance of .
Women's winners.
The women's criterium runs along the same course as the men's at a distance of .

</doc>
<doc id="19303612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303612" title="Nolinophanes">
Nolinophanes

Nolinophanes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nolinophanes sicciaecolor".

</doc>
<doc id="19303613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303613" title="Notarctia">
Notarctia

Notarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Taxonomy.
"Notarctia" is alternatively treated as a subgenus of "Grammia".

</doc>
<doc id="19303615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303615" title="Notata">
Notata

Notata is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303620" title="Notophyson">
Notophyson

Notophyson is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303621" title="Joseph Heicke">
Joseph Heicke

Joseph/József/Josef Heicke (12 March 1811 Vienna - 6 November 1861 Vienna), was an Austrian painter and lithographer, producing landscapes, portraits, natural history water-colours and images of historic events. 
He studied at the Vienna Academy and travelled in the Middle East, Italy and Hungary.
His art shows the influence of Friedrich Gauermann. His works can be found in Austrian and Italian collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19303625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303625" title="Estigma De Amor">
Estigma De Amor

"Estigma De Amor" is Latin Pop song written and performed by Kany García and fifth single of her debut album "Cualquier Día".
Music video.
The story of this music video is the beach scene of Guerrero in Mexico at different times of day, where the passing of the hours are combined with lyrics of this beautiful song, which emanate directly from the mind and heart of this wonderful singer. The music video for "Estigma De Amor" was shot at the beginning of October. The video was directed by Beto Hinojosa & Pablo Dávila.
Chart performances.
"Estigma De Amor" became Kany's fifth single from her debut album "Cualquier Dia". The song was only released to Puerto Rico and United States radio. The song debuted on Billboard Latin Pop Airplay at #38 and quickly starting charting higher where it reached #15. It became Kany third Top 20 hit on that chart. It also charted on Billboard Top Latin Songs at #43 becoming Kany's fourth Top 50 hit. It charted well on Kany homeland Puerto Rico, on where it hit #1 on their Top 50 songs with only 4 weeks on the chart. It did well on Puerto Rico's download charts, on where it landed at #3.

</doc>
<doc id="19303630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303630" title="Novosia">
Novosia

Novosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Novosia herbuloti".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303635" title="Nudaria">
Nudaria

Nudaria is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303642" title="Nudina">
Nudina

Nudina is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nudina artaxidia".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303644" title="Nudosia">
Nudosia

Nudosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nudosia fuscifusca".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303647" title="Nudur">
Nudur

Nudur is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nudur fractivittarum".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303648" title="Mirian Tsalkalamanidze">
Mirian Tsalkalamanidze

Mirian Tsalkalamanidze (b. 20 April 1927 – d. 3 August 2000) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.
Olympics.
Tsalkalamanidze competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19303650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303650" title="Lee Phelps">
Lee Phelps

Lee Phelps (May 15, 1893 – March 19, 1953) was an American film actor. He appeared in over 600 films between 1917 and 1953, mainly in uncredited roles. He also appeared in three films that won the Academy Award for Best Picture ("Grand Hotel", "You Can't Take it With You" and "Gone with the Wind").
Phelps appeared in the 1952 episode "Outlaw's Paradise" as a judge in the syndicated western television series, "The Adventures of Kit Carson", starring Bill Williams in the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="19303651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303651" title="Nyctochroa">
Nyctochroa

Nyctochroa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nyctochroa basiplaga".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303653" title="European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Committee">
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Committee

European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Committee (EIOPC) is a regulatory and legislative policy body within the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19303655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303655" title="Nikandr Chibisov">
Nikandr Chibisov

Colonel General Nikandr Evlampievich Chibisov () (November 5 (O.S. October 24), 1892, stanitsa Romanovskaya (Rostov Oblast) — September 20, 1959, Minsk) was a Soviet military commander and Hero of the Soviet Union (1943).
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303658" title="Nyctosia">
Nyctosia

Nyctosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303663" title="Nyea">
Nyea

Nyea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Nyea lurideola".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303668" title="Sinhala slang">
Sinhala slang

Sinhala slang is used by the Sinhala speaking majority of Sri Lanka, and other Sinhala speaking individuals.
Sinhala Dialects.
Sinhala dialects are the various minor variations of Sinhala language which is based on the locale (within Island of Sri Lanka) and the social classes and social groups (e.g. University Students). Most of the slang are common across all dialects. However certain slang are restricted to certain social classes or groups.
Sinhala is an Indo-Aryan language and exhibits a marked diglossia between the spoken and written forms. As such, it is also difficult to find instances of colloquial slang, in any form of formal literature. Also certain slang (specially sexual slang and swear words) are considered to be so taboo, that definitions of those words are not found in any public domain literature. If you take a language such as English, the level of taboo on most of the profanity has gradually declined over the time. If you take USA or UK for example, most of the English profanities are broadcast uncensored in cable channels like HBO. This is not the case with Sinhala profanities. They are not found in any form of media, publications or even internet, apart from unmoderated blogs and talk pages. Having said that, most of the non-taboo slangs given as examples below, are in widespread and frequent use even in popular media; especially in various FM radio channels and popular TV channels.
Slang, Vulgarism, Profanity and Swear Words.
Each dialect and within each dialect; regional, class, age and gender differences would lead to unique slang, vulgarism, profanity and swear words. Following is a list of potential slang by different categories up until 2007.
Certain slang are used only within certain social groups and sometime not understood outside of that group. For example, "Aais Amma" (ආයිස් අම්මා) is a slang used by certain segments of the Sri Lankan society to express pleasurable surprise (similar to wow!). This slang is not picked up by most of the social classes who regard themselves as more refined. Instead they might use "Shaa" (ෂා‍) to express the same feeling. Within Sri Lankan universities, diverse slang exists, which is only used and understood by the university students and the alumni. For example "Kuppiya" (කුප්පිය) which literally means 'small bottle' or 'small lamp' is used to refer to an informal tuition class conducted by a student, who better knows the subject area for a small study group for free of charge. Within the Army, the term "Aati" (ආටි) is used to refer to artillery shells so that "Aati gahanawa" (ආටි ගහනවා) means shelling. These terms such as "Kuppia" (කුප්පිය) and "Aati" (ආටි) are mostly not understood outside of the demographic group which uses them.
Use of "Kaaraya" (කාරයා).
Sinhala language has an all purpose suffix Kaaraya (කාරයා) which when suffixed to a regular noun (which denotes a demographic group, etc.), creates an informal and (sometimes) disrespectful reference to a person of that demographic group. Most native speakers of Sinhala liberally use this suffix when they chat informally. However they also make great effort to avoid Kaaraya when they speak in a formal venue.<br>
e.g.<br>
polis-kaAraya (පොලිස්කාරයා) – policeman<br>
thæpel-kaaraya (තැපැල්කාරයා) – postman<br>
mura-kaaraya (මුරකාරයා) - watchman<br>
American-kaaraya (ඇමෙරිකන්කාරයා) - an American
Blasphemy.
Buddhism being the primary religious tradition in Sinhala culture, the blasphemy in Sinhala language primarily refers to Buddhism. However, there exists only a very few instances of Sinhala slang, which can be categorized as blasphemy on Buddhism.<br>
The usage of the prefix Budu (බුදු) (a reference to Lord Buddha) to mean 'Very' is one such instance. (e.g. Budu Sira (බුදු සිරා) means 'Very Serious', Budu Shuvar (බුදු ෂුවර්) means 'Very much sure').<br>
Similarly the term Ganaya (ගණයා) is a blasphemy, which is a very disrespectful reference to a Buddhist Monk.<br>
The term Rahath Una (රහත් උනා) can also be treated as blasphemy, due to the fact that the religious term 'attaining arahath (enlightened) state' is used here to mean something non-religious and mundane. The slang "Rahath Una" usually refers to the situation where someone sneaks out from somewhere, without telling anyone. This slang, however is well accepted in the mainstream diglossia, unlike other blasphemy terms discussed above. Erdi Una (එර්දි උනා) is a similar term which can be treated as blasphemy on the same grounds. The term (Himin Sære) Maaru Una ((හිමින් සැරේ) මාරු උනා) gives the same meaning without blasphemy.
Equating People with Animals.
For the purpose of swearing, for fun, and as nicknames, it is a common practice in any language/culture to equate people with animals; and Sinhala is not an exception. Each language/culture has popular set of such animals references used for this purpose. Each animal represents a particular set of characteristic which can be positive or negative. In any culture, usually an animal like 'Pig' is used with negative connotation and an animal like 'Lion' with positive connotation.
Cow or bull ('Gona'/'Haraka') is an animal reference frequently used in Sinhala. 'Gon Wedak' means a stupid deed.
Taboo Sexual Slang and Euphemisms.
Most of the sexual slang, euphemisms and sexual innuendo in Sinhala discourse has a strong male perspective. Irreverence and disrespect is a common trait in sexual slang. Especially the slang is sexist and disrespectful towards females. However, one can argue that slang is disrespectful towards everybody, and not just females. Otherwise-well-meaning Sri Lankan male would resort to sexual slang when describing a situation of sexual nature to his peers, and that does not necessarily indicate that he is sexist. This type of sexual slang ranges from 'mild' to 'severe' and sometimes borders the 'extreme taboo'. It is advisable to avoid slang of this nature in decent company.
Sexual Profanity.
Sexual profanity in Sinhala language is regarded highly taboo in Sinhala speaking society, and are not supposed to be written down in any form, in any venue. These terms are collectively called kunu harupa in Sinhala which literally means 'dirty/rotten utterings'. It is difficult and nearly impossible to find references to Sinhala profanity. Definitions of such are not found in any public domain literature in the Internet or outside of Internet, apart from occasional un-moderated talk page or a blog in the internet, or graffiti and scribbles found in public toilets.

</doc>
<doc id="19303670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303670" title="Nyearctia">
Nyearctia

Nyearctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303673" title="Nyridela">
Nyridela

Nyridela is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19303675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303675" title="Tsugaru Line">
Tsugaru Line

The is a railway line operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East). It runs between Aomori Station and Minmaya Station on the Tsugaru Peninsula in western Aomori Prefecture.
The section of the line between Aomori Station and Naka-Oguni Station is a part of the Tsugaru-Kaikyō Line connecting Honshu and Hokkaido.
History.
Plans existed to link the prefectural capital of Aomori with the northern tip of the Tsugaru Peninsula from the time of the Meiji period Railway Construction Act. In 1930, the privately held Tsugaru Railway began operations on the western side of Tsugaru Peninsula, and surveying work was completed by the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) to build a government-operated line on the eastern side of Tsugaru Peninsula. These plans were postponed by the outbreak of World War II, and were only resumed in the 1950s under the Japanese National Railways (JNR). On December 5, 1951, the first segment of the Tsugaru Line was completed from to . This was extended by October 21, 1958 to the present northern terminus at . Additional intermediate stations were added in 1959 and 1960. All scheduled freight operations were suspended on December 10, 1984. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the line came under the operational control of JR East. From March 13, 1988, the tracks between Aomori Station and the Shin Naka-Oguni Signal are jointly used by JR East, JR Hokkaido's Tsugaru-Kaikyō Line and Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight).

</doc>
<doc id="19303678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303678" title="Sergei Aslamazyan">
Sergei Aslamazyan

Sergei Zakharovich Aslamazyan, also Aslamazian (, 27 January 1897 – 1978) was a Soviet Armenian cellist, composer, People's Artist of Armenian SSR (1945), awarded the Stalin Prize (1946). He was a co-founder and a member of Komitas Quartet from 1925 to 1968. He was the author of quartet versions of Komitas works. From 1947 he was a professor at Moscow State Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19303679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303679" title="Pasir Ris Town Park">
Pasir Ris Town Park

Pasir Ris Town Park is a 14-hectare park in the Pasir Ris residential section of Singapore.
Visitor Info.
Pasir Ris Town Park is a 14-hectare park in the Pasir Ris residential section of Singapore, of which a marine pond is the focus and around which shelters and mature trees provide shade. Tropical, boulder arrangements, and beds of shrubs like bougainvillea and heliconia mark the park's landscape. All these create a tropical ambience that is most ideal for strolls or picnics.
The park's big open spaces are popular spots for cultural and social interaction among the residents, whilst the foot reflexology and fitness corners are favourites among the residents for morning exercises. Another facility in the park is the playground where children can enjoy many hours of fun and laughter. Concerts and other performances, cycling, and inline skating are available at this park. 
An outlet called Jaas Recreations provides fishing and prawning, with a food and beverages section.
Getting there.
The park is a five-minute walk from Pasir Ris MRT station and Pasir Ris Bus Interchange. Bus services no. 89, 359 and 403 are available at Pasir Ris Central block 531.

</doc>
<doc id="19303695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303695" title="Rodrigo Andrés González Espindola">
Rodrigo Andrés González Espindola

Rodrigo “Rod” Andrés González Espindola (19 May 1968, Valparaíso, Chile) is a musician and known as a bassist and singer in the German band Die Ärzte.
Biography.
Youth.
González' parents were politically persecuted in Chile during the Pinochet dictatorship, and so were granted asylum in Hamburg. His family initially lived there in poverty until his father found work. Rod completed his Abitur (school-leaving exams) at the Gymnasium Heidberg, receiving an average grade of 2.4. Rod has an older sister, Claudia, who also works as a musician (Universal González). As a teenager, González was a member of the band Die Erben. In 1986 he played banjo in the Hamburg punk band Die Goldenen Zitronen, and from 1988 to 1989 he was the guitarist in the Rainbirds.
Career with Depp Jones and Die Ärzte.
González became friends with the Die Ärzte drummer, Bela B., when they sang a Kiss song together in a bar while drunk. González was also a member of the so-called ‘KISS Army’. Bela B. quickly began to value Rodrigo González' musical talent. They played together in the band S.U.M.P., which later changed its name to Depp Jones, following the (temporary) break-up of Die Ärzte in 1988. After failing to achieve commercial success, Depp Jones split up in 1992.
When Die Ärzte got back together in 1993, González became their new band member. Although he had been the guitarist in Depp Jones, he became the bassist in Die Ärzte. While the last Die Ärzte bassist prior to the break-up, Hagen Liebing, had only been a hired band member, González has been a full-fledged Die Ärzte since joining the band. He has penned the Die Ärzte singles 1/2 Lovesong and Dinge von denen, among others.
Alongside bass and guitar, González has also taught himself to play the drums, keyboard and piano. The other members of Die Ärzte therefore jokingly refer to him as “over-qualified”. During the MTV Unplugged concert Rock’n’Roll Realschule, which took place in 2002 in the Albert-Schweitzer-Gymnasium in Hamburg, González was the musical director and arranger for most of the songs performed.
Other musical projects.
Rodrigo González works as a producer for various bands and other artists, such as Lucilectric, Knorkator and Panda. He is also the co-owner of Rodrec, a record company, through which both of the Depp Jones albums were re-released and to which the artists Rantanplan, Church Of Confidence und Abwärts are signed. Rod has also played guitar with Abwärts since 2004.
During the live concert Fußballfans gegen Rechts (meaning "football fans against right-wing extremism") on 30 January 1993 in the Zakk Club, Düsseldorf, González played in the punk band Slime as a stand-in. He covered the Kiss song I'll Fight Hell to Hold You in 2001, turning it into a disco track and singing in the Bee Gees style.
In 2005 González and Bela B. (as Zwei Fickende Hunde) recorded the song Meister aller Fotzen by Die Kassierer for the CD Kunst to celebrate 20 years of the Wattenscheid punk band.

</doc>
<doc id="19303707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303707" title="George Treby">
George Treby

George Treby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19303717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303717" title="Furrow (disambiguation)">
Furrow (disambiguation)

A furrow is a line cut in soil when ploughed in order to plant a crop.
Furrow may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19303725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303725" title="Bengbu Medical College">
Bengbu Medical College

Bengbu Medical College (Chinese: 蚌埠医学院) is an institution of higher learning in Bengbu, Anhui Province, of the People's Republic of China. The college was founded in July 1958 with support from the Shanghai Second Medical College and Anhui Medical College. In August 1968, the Anhui Revolutionary Commission renamed it "Bengbu Anti-Revisionism Medical College". In November 1970, the Revolutionary Commission merged four medical colleges in Anhui into one Anhui Medical College and became Anhui Medical College, Bengbu Campus. In June 1974 the State Council approved the college resuming the name Bengbu Medical College.
Location.
The college of the site is located in the Huaihe River in Bengbu City, Anhui Province Road, No. 801,
Old and new campus.
In September 2005 the new campus was opened. The old and new campus cover an area of 1098 mu, with a total construction area of 33 million square meters. The new campus is located in the eastern outskirts of Bengbu City.
Ryuko beautiful Lake Avenue, the East China Sea No. 2600 is a research center for Graphic Information Center, theoretical teaching building, experimental teaching building, student apartments, graduate student apartments, life service center, the party government office buildings and other projects such as integrated sports hall.
Number of students.
There is a difference of provided data between official and unofficial private owned website of Bengbu Medical College
Official data
Total number of students 14,156 (including 7207 undergraduates, 3116 college students, 339 graduate students). 现有临床医学、医学检验学、护理学、医学影像学、药学、预防医学、生物科学、精神医学、营养学9个本科专业和6个相关专科专业；免疫学、病原生物学、药理学、病理学与病理生理学、临床检验诊断学、肿瘤学、内科学、外科学、儿科学等13个二级学科、34个学科专业招收硕士学位研究生。
Exchanges.
There are international academic exchange activities, with the United States, France and other countries. The college has invited the United States, Japan, Germany, Australia, Thailand, Canada, and other foreign experts and scholars to give lectures in the college. Some teachers go abroad to study. 
Foreign student program.
Foreign student intake started in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19303743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303743" title="Valley Stream 13 Union Free School District">
Valley Stream 13 Union Free School District

Valley Stream 13 Union Free School District is a public school district in New York State that serves about 2200 students in the villages of Valley Stream and Malverne, the hamlets of Franklin Square and Elmont, and the community of North Valley Stream in Nassau County with a staff of 250 (180 teachers and 70 support staff) and a budget of $40 million. It is unique in that most school districts in New York State encompass grades K–12 while this district includes elementary grades K–6 only. It is one of three Valley Stream districts (the others are Elementary Districts 24 and 30) whose students graduate to a separately managed district, Valley Stream Central High School District, for the higher grades.
The average class size is 20 students (all grades). The student-teacher ratio is 12:1.
Adrienne Robb-Fund is the Superintendent of Schools.
The District motto is "Where Children Come First".
There are different addresses for the different schools.
Board of education.
The Board of Education (BOE) consists of 7 members who serve rotating 3-year terms. Elections are held each May for board members and to vote on the School District Budget.
Schools.
The district operates four schools:
Performance.
In 2003, 96% of students tested at acceptable levels 3 or 4 in Elementary-Level Social Studies. In 2008, student test scores exceeded the state average in all grades and tested subject areas of New York State standardized tests.

</doc>
<doc id="19303744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303744" title="Uncle Tom's Uncle">
Uncle Tom's Uncle

"Uncle Tom's Uncle" is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 50th "Our Gang" short subject released. The title is a play on the 1852 novel Uncle Tom's Cabin.

</doc>
<doc id="19303765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303765" title="Wykebeck">
Wykebeck

Wykebeck is an area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England named after the Wyke Beck. The area is situated in between Gipton and Seacroft along Wykebeck Road. The area is seldom referred to, instead people usually perceive Gipton to be West of the beck and Seacroft to be East of it. The area consists of several blocks of highrise council flats to the south.
Schools.
Wykebeck Primary School is on Brander Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19303775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303775" title="Isidro Rico">
Isidro Rico

José Isidro Rico Rangel (born May 15, 1961) is a former marathon runner from Mexico, whose personal best in the classic distance was 2:09:14 (1994). He represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in 29th place in the Men's Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="19303790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303790" title="Natalya Belokhvostikova">
Natalya Belokhvostikova

Natalya Nikolayevna Belokhvostikova (, July 28, 1951, Moscow, USSR) was a Soviet actress.
Graduated from VGIK classes of Sergei Gerasimov and Tamara Makarova in 1971. From 1971 to 1975 she worked at the Maxim Gorky Film Studios and since 1976 at the Theatre-Studio of cinema actresses.

</doc>
<doc id="19303836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303836" title="Jarayotar, Kosi">
Jarayotar, Kosi

Jarayotar is a Village Development Committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3778 persons residing in 639 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19303844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303844" title="Keemalung">
Keemalung

Keemalung is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1594 persons living in 293 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19303871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303871" title="Harmar Campaign">
Harmar Campaign

The Harmar Campaign was an attempt by the United States to subdue Native Americans in the Northwest Territory in the Autumn of 1790. It was led by General Josiah Harmar and was part of the Northwest Indian War. The campaign featured a series of battles that were all overwhelming victories for the Native Americans, and the losses are sometimes referred to as Harmar's Defeat.
Prelude to battle.
From 1784 to 1789, there was considerable violence between American settlers and the Shawnee and Miami Indians in Kentucky, along the Ohio River, and at the few settlements north of the Ohio, with some 1,500 settlers killed by the Indians. However, there was no general war.
In 1789, President George Washington wrote to the Governor of the Northwest Territory, Arthur St. Clair, and asked him to determine whether the Indians living along the Wabash River and Illinois River were inclined for war or peace with the United States. St. Clair decided the tribes wanted war, and called for militia forces to be assembled at Fort Washington (now Cincinnati, Ohio) and Vincennes, Indiana. President Washington and Secretary of War Henry Knox ordered General Harmar to lead these forces on a punitive expedition into the Shawnee and Miami lands as retaliation for the killings noted above, and to deter the tribes from further attacks.
The primary objective of the campaign was the destruction of the large, main Miami village of Kekionga (present-day Fort Wayne, Indiana), where the St. Joseph and St. Mary's Rivers join to form the Maumee River. St. Clair and Harmar had also planned to build a fort there But when St. Clair presented his plan to Washington at New York in August 1790, the President decided that a fort would be too vulnerable and too expensive.
At this time, British forces still occupied Fort Detroit in violation of the Treaty of Paris (1783). St. Clair wrote to the British at Fort Detroit to assure them that the expedition was only against Indian tribes, and expressed his confidence that the British would not interfere.
General Harmar gathered 320 regulars of the First American Regiment and 1,133 militia from Kentucky and Pennsylvania, for a total of 1,453 men. The force also had three horse-drawn 6-pounder cannons. Few experienced frontiersmen took part in the campaign; many instead paid recent immigrants to take their place. Lt. Ebenezer Denny wrote that the militia "appear to be raw and unused to the gun or the woods." The troops were assembled in September, and the campaign had to be completed before winter set in. This was because the pack horses which carried the troops' supplies were fed by grazing, and would starve in winter. This meant there was no time to train the militia. The campaign was launched from Fort Washington on 7 October 1790. 
General Harmar began the march north, along the Great Miami River. A smaller army led by Jean François Hamtramck marched north from Vincennes to distract the Wabash Indians. Hamtramck's force was delayed, and returned to Vincennes. By 14 October, Harmar's force had marched to within of Kekionga. On that day, Kentuckian scouts captured a Shawnee. After some intense interrogation, the Indian said that the Miami and Shawnee were gathering at Kekionga to meet Harmar's army.
Before dawn on 15 October, Harmar dispatched 600 men under Colonel John Hardin was north on a forced march to "surprise" the Indians at Kekionga. When Colonel Hardin's detachment reached Kekionga, they found the village abandoned, burned it, and camped south of the destroyed town.
Harmar reached other Miami villages near Kekionga on 17 October. The Miami had warning of the attack, and had evacuated their villages with as much food as they could carry. There were some British-affiliated traders among the Miami; they fled to Fort Detroit with their families and goods. All arms and ammunition were distributed to Miami warriors. The Miami were well informed of the size and movements of Harmar's force, and even of Harmar's inclination towards drunkenness. The Americans seized the food that was not carried away.
Battle of Heller's Corner.
On 19 October, near modern Churubusco, Indiana, Harmar sent out a scouting party under Colonel Hardin, consisting of 180 militia, a troop of cavalry under Major James Fontaine, and 30 regulars under Captain John Armstrong. It was to estimate the strength of the Indians and attack the village of Chief Le Gris. The party came within a few miles of Kekionga, where they encountered an Indian on horseback, who fled along a minor trail leading away from the village. Hardin ordered his force to pursue, but sent Major Fontaine's cavalry back to bring up a company that had been left behind. The Indian was a decoy, and led Hardin into a swampy lowland by the Eel River, where he could neither pursue nor easily retreat.
Indians led by Little Turtle attacked Hardin's force from three sides. Most of the militia fled, warning Major Fontaine's cavalry to get out.
The regulars stood their ground with some of the militia. Only 8 of the 30 regulars survived. 40 militia were killed, and 12 Americans had been wounded. Captain Armstrong hid in the marsh and escaped with his life. He blamed Hardin and the militia for the defeat, and claimed that only about 100 Indians had been involved. This was the approximate number of warriors available from Kekionga and Le Gris' Village. The battle also sometimes referred to as "Hardin's Defeat".
Hartshorn's Defeat.
On 20 October, General Harmar arrived at the camp outside Kekionga. He sent a detachment of 300 men under Ensign Phillip Hartshorn northward to scout for Indian movements. Eight miles above Kekionga, Hartshorn was ambushed by a large Indian force, which killed him and 19 of his men. Instead of advancing immediately to attack the Indians, Harmar pulled back several miles south of Kekionga. He did not even have a burial detail to bury the twenty dead. Morale by now had plummeted, and the men were enraged at the cowardice of their commander. Hardin then demanded that he be allowed to attack the Indians with 400 men, or at the very least, bury their fallen comrades.
Battle of Pumpkin Fields.
On the night of 21 October, Colonel Hardin advanced with 300 militia and 60 regulars of the First American Regiment, under regimental commander Major John P. Wyllys. At dawn on 22 October, they found about 1,000 Indians encamped at Kekionga. Hardin immediately sent to Harmar requesting reinforcements. When the courier told Harmar (who was rumored to have been drunk) about the size of the enemy force, he became visibly shaken. He ordered his 800-900 remaining men into a hollow defensive square and refused to come to Hardin's aid, leaving him alone to face an enemy more than twice his number. Colonel Hardin, expecting reinforcements at any time, divided his command into four groups under Major Wyllys, Major Hall, Major Fontaine, and Major McMullen. He planned to flank the Indians on all sides. 
The Indians at Kekionga, who were led by Little Turtle, attacked first, however. Little Turtle sent small parties to fire on the militia and retreat. The militia gave chase in many instances, until the regulars were left isolated. Little Turtle then attacked Major Wyllys's detachment, with results as devastating as Heller's Corner. Major Fontaine, meanwhile, led a cavalry charge into a wooded area and was ambushed. Soon the Shawnee and Miami attacked Hardin from three sides. Still expecting reinforcements from Harmar, Hardin's men put up a valiant defense, holding the Indians at bay for over three hours before finally falling back to join the rest of the army.
The battle came to be known as the Battle of the Pumpkin Fields because the steam from the scalped skulls reminded the Indians of squash steaming in the autumn air. 180 men were either killed or wounded. The army forces reported 129 men killed in action (14 officers, including Major Wyllys and Major Fontaine, and 115 enlisted men) and 94 wounded (including 50 of the Regulars). Estimates of Indian casualties range from 120 to 150 total.
Aftermath.
After such high casualties from these engagement, General Harmar determined that he could not attack. The approaching winter further threatened his command, as militia deserted and horses starved. The retreating force reached Fort Washington on 3 November 1790.
It was the worst defeat of U.S. forces by Indians up to that time, and was later surpassed only by St. Clair's Defeat and the Battle of the Little Bighorn. It established Little Turtle as an Indian hero, and encouraged the Indians in the Northwest Territory to resist the United States. Indians attacked settlements all across the Northwest Territory, including the January 1791 Big Bottom massacre and Siege of Dunlap's Station.
A court martial in 1791 cleared Harmar of any wrongdoing during the campaign.
President Washington was furious at the news of the defeat, and lamented "my mind... is prepared for the worst; that is, for expence without honor or profit." The news persuaded Congress to raise a second regiment of Regular soldiers for six months, but it later reduced the soldiers' pay. The First Regiment was soon reduced to 299 soldiers, while the new Second Regiment recruited only half of their authorized number. When Governor St. Clair led a similar expedition the next year, he had to call out the militia to meet the required manpower. His campaign would end in the worst defeat by Indians the Army ever received.

</doc>
<doc id="19303873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303873" title="Chaohu University">
Chaohu University

Chaohu University (Chinese: 巢湖学院), located in Chaohu, Anhui Province of China, is an institution of higher learning under jurisdiction of Anhui Province.
The university was founded in 1977 as Chaohu Specialized Normal School. Upon the approval of the Ministry of Education in April 2002, it was elevated and renamed Chaohu University, affiliated to the Education Bureau of Anhui Province.
Chaohu University has a land area of 650,000 sq meters, among which the construction area covers 250,000 sq meters. The university publishes the "Journal of Chaohu University".
Current president: Dong Wuqing.

</doc>
<doc id="19303886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303886" title="Edward Anthony Holden">
Edward Anthony Holden

Edward Anthony Holden (2 August 1805– 28 August 1877) was a landowner who lived at Aston Hall, in Aston upon Trent, Derbyshire. He inherited land and bought more starting in 1833. He was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1838/9. By the time of his death he had created an estate of over of land in Derbyshire and Leicestershire.
Biography.
Holden was born in 1805 to Reverend Charles Edward Holden who in turn was born to James Shuttleworth. Edward therefore came to have the name Holden by way of his grandmother, Mary who was the only child of Robert Holden (1676-1746). Robert Holden willed his estates to the second or later son of his daughter, Mary and her husband James Shuttleworth on the condition that this son and his male heirs adopt the arms and name of Holden. James and Mary Shuttleworth and their daughter are captured in a large painting by Joseph Wright of Derby.). Edward Anthony Holden's father was born Charles Edward Shuttleworth in 1750. He assumed the name of Holden and the accompanying estates in 1791. 
The estates were established by an earlier Robert Holden (great grandfather to Mary) who had purchased lands in Aston upon Trent and Weston upon Trent in 1648. The family occupied the Hall in Weston and the Hall in Aston. The Holden family are thought to have come from Findern but Henry Holden settled in Aston in 1569. It was his son who started the estate and it was largely extended by Henry's grandson, Robert (father to Mary) who was a successful lawyer. 
Edward Anthony Holden married Susan Drummond Moore (from Appleby Magna) on 22 November 1832 and began the expansion of the family's property in the following year. In 1839 he served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire taking over from his brother-in-law, George Moore, who had been Sheriff the year before.
Holden's eldest son, Lieutenant Edward Shuttleworth Holden, joined the 23rd Welch Fusiliers and served at the Crimean War. He is considered to be Aston on Trent first military victim when he died of wounds received in the assault on the Redan at the Siege of Sevastopol on 9 September 1855. A window in Aston's church is the memorial to Holden's eighteen-year-old son as well as a memorial to him in old Harrovian. Holden’s second son, Charles Shuttleworth Holden b. 16 July 1838 d. 6 August 1872 was a Magistrate for the County of Derbyshire. He married Juliana Evans Hartopp, daughter of Edward Bourchier Hartopp M.P. (Little Dalby) in London in 1863 and had one son, Edward Charles Shuttleworth Holden b. 7 January 1865 who was a Justice of the Peace and a Major in the Derbyshire Yeomanry Holden's younger son, Francis Shuttleworth Holden, attended Rugby School in 1865.
Holden's daughter, Rosamond Shuttleworth Holden, married the Reverend Degge Wilmot Sitwell on the 16 April 1863. He was the vicar at Leamington Hastings and they had twelve children.
By the time of his death, Holden owned of land in Derbyshire and about of land in Leicestershire. In his home village of Aston he had bought numerous cottages and fields in small lots including the, "Coach & Horses" and the schoolhouse. It isn't clear who eventually came into the possession of the lands in Leicestershire, but the lands in Aston were disposed of in one lot in 1898. William Dickson Winterbottom bought these lands from Edward Charles Shuttleworth Holden.

</doc>
<doc id="19303921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303921" title="Dasymutilla">
Dasymutilla

The genus Dasymutilla belongs to the Mutillidae family. The females of the genus are well known for their painful sting, which is where many gain their common name, Cow Killer. The female is wingless and often resemble large ants while the males still retain their wings. The larva of the "Dasymutilla" are external parasites to various types of hymenoptera. When disturbed the "Dasymutilla" makes a high-pitched squeaking sound identical to the "Pogonomyrmex" (Harvester ant).

</doc>
<doc id="19303923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303923" title="Inflammasome">
Inflammasome

The inflammasome is a multiprotein oligomer consisting of caspase 1, PYCARD, NALP and sometimes caspase 5 (also known as caspase 11 or ICH-3). It is expressed in myeloid cells and is a component of the innate immune system. The exact composition of an inflammasome depends on the activator which initiates inflammasome assembly, e.g. dsRNA will trigger one inflammasome composition whereas asbestos will assemble a different variant. The inflammasome promotes the maturation of inflammatory cytokines Interleukin 1β (IL-1β) and Interleukin 18 (IL-18).
The inflammasome is responsible for activation of inflammatory processes, and has been shown to induce cell pyroptosis, a process of programmed cell death distinct from apoptosis.
History.
The inflammasome was discovered by the team of Prof. Jürg Tschopp, at the University of Lausanne, in 2002.
Function.
During an infection, one of the first forms of defense employed by the innate immune response is a group of pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) encoded in the germline to recognize molecular patterns expressed by invading pathogens. These may either be on the membrane surface e.g. Toll-like receptors (TLRs) and C-type Lectin Receptors (CLRs) or inside the cytoplasm e.g. Nod-like receptors (NLRs) and RIG-I-like receptors (RLRs). In 2002, it was first reported by Martinon "et al." that a subset of NLRs named NLRP1 were able to assemble and oligomerize into a common structure which collectively activated the caspase-1 cascade, thereby leading to the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines especially IL-1B and IL-18. This NLRP1 multi-molecular complex was coined the ‘inflammasome’, which spurred much interest in the following years; since then, several other inflammasomes were discovered, two of which are also NLR subsets—NLRP3 and NLRC4. More recently, Hornung "et al." classified an inflammasome of the PYHIN (pyrin and HIN domain-containing protein) family, termed absent in melanoma 2 (AIM2) which assembles upon sensing foreign cytoplasmic double-stranded DNA (dsDNA).
Inflammatory cascade.
Analogous to the apoptosome, which activates apoptotic cascades, the inflammasome activates an inflammatory cascade. Once active, the inflammasome binds to pro-caspase-1 (the precursor molecule of caspase-1), either homotypically via its own caspase activation and recruitment domain (CARD) or via the CARD of the adaptor protein ASC which it binds to during inflammasome formation. In its full form, the inflammasome appositions together many p45 pro-caspase-1 molecules, inducing their autocatalytic cleavage into p20 and p10 subunits. Caspase-1 then assembles into its active form consisting of two heterodimers with a p20 and p10 subunit each. Once active, it can then carry out a variety of processes in response to the initial inflammatory signal. These include the proteolytic cleavage of pro-IL-1B at Asp116 into IL1β, cleavage of pro-IL-18 into IL-18 to induce IFN-γ secretion and natural killer cell activation, cleavage and inactivation of IL-33, DNA fragmentation and cell pore formation, inhibition of glycolytic enzymes, activation of lipid biosynthesis and secretion of tissue-repair mediators such as pro-IL-1α. Additionally, AIM2 contains a HIN200 domain which senses and binds foreign cytoplasmic dsDNA and activates NF-κB, a role that is crucial in bacterial and viral infection.
NLR-subset inflammasomes.
NLRP1, NLRP3 and NLRC4 are subsets of the NLR family and thus have two common features: the first is a nucleotide-binding domain (NBD) which is bound to by ribonucleotide-phosphates (rNTP) and is important for self-oligomerization. The second is a C-terminus leucine-rich repeat (LRR), which serves as a ligand-recognition domain for other receptors (e.g. TLR) or microbial ligands.
NLRP1.
Structure.
In addition to NBD and LRR, NLRP1 contains at its N-terminal a pyrin domain (PYD) and at its C-terminal an FIIND motif and a CARD which distinguishes it from the other inflammasomes. Upon activation, the C-terminal CARD homotypically interacts with the CARD of procaspase-1 or procaspase-5, while its N-terminal PYD homotypically interacts with the PYD of adaptor protein ASC, whose CARD can then recruit another pro-caspase-1. The overall recruitment and cleavage of procaspase-1 can then activate all downstream caspase-1 pathways.
Activation.
The mechanism of NLRP1 activation is unclear but has been proposed by Reed and colleagues to be a two-step process involving first activation by microbial ligands, followed by binding of an rNTP to the nucleotide-binding domain of NLRP1. NLRP1 has been shown to confer macrophage sensitivity to anthrax lethal toxin (LT), suggesting the role of bacterial toxins in inducing inflammasome formation.
NLRP1 activity is regulated by anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and Bcl-x(L) which, in resting cells, associate with and inhibit NLRP1 activity.
NLRP3.
Structure.
In addition to the NBD and LRR domains, NLRP3 contains a PYD domain like NLRP1 and thus activates caspase-1 the same way, using its PYD to recruit ASC. It forms only one oligomer per cell, and its oligomer is made of seven NLRP3 molecules. It is known to be the biggest inflammasome of all, covering about 2 um in diameter.
Activation.
NLRP3 oligomerization is activated by a large number of stimuli, which has implicated studies into its activation pathway. Its activity has been shown to be induced and/or increased by low intracellular potassium concentrations, viruses e.g. influenza A and Neisseria gonorrhoeae, bacterial toxins e.g. nigericin and maitotoxin, liposomes and most notably, crystallized endogenous molecules. Cholesterol crystals and monosodium urate (MSU) crystals increase NLRP3-induced IL-1β-production and this process is thought to be abrogated in atherosclerosis and gout, where these crystals form respectively in the cell. It has also been proven that inorganic particles like Titaniumdioxide, Siliciumdioxide and asbestos trigger the inflammasome-response. Pore-forming toxins and ATP-activated pannexin-1 may also trigger K+ efflux and grant access of toxins into the cell to directly activate NLRP3.
NLRC4.
Structure.
NLRC4 (also known as IPAF) is the only known subset of the NLRC family to form an inflammasome and contains only a CARD domain in addition to the NBD and LRR, which it uses to recruit procaspase-1 directly.
Activation.
NLRC4 is activated by bacteria, a number of which have been identified using murine macrophage culture studies: Salmonella typhimurium, Legionella pneumophila and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. The activation process by these bacteria is unclear but is thought to require a type 3 or type 4 secretion system provided by bacterial flagellin, which gains entry through the cell membrane and is then detected by NLRC4, activating it.
AIM2.
"Main article: AIM2"
Interferon-inducible protein AIM2 is also known as absent in melanoma 2 or AIM2.
Structure.
AIM2 is a non-NLR family protein. It is a 343 amino acid protein with a N-terminal DAPIN (or pyrin) domain (amino acids 1-87) and a C-terminal HIN-200 domain (amino acids 138-337), which is known to have two oligonucleotide-binding folds.
Function.
AIM2 is referred to as the DNA inflammasome for its ability to detect foreign dsDNA, using a HIN200 (hematopoietic interferon-inducible nuclear antigens with 200 amino acid repeats) domain (encoded by IFI16) attached to a PYD, which it uses to recruit the adaptor protein ASC during inflammasome formation. AIM2 binds dsDNA with its C-terminal domain.
The PYDdomain of AIM2 homotypically interacts by PYD-PYD interactions with ASC. The ASC CARD domain recruits procaspase-1 into the complex. Caspase-1 activates maturation of proinflammatory cytokines (IL-1b, IL-18). 
AIM2 is activated by viral dsDNA, bacterial dsDNA and also aberrant host dsDNA. Activation of the AIM2 is supposed to play role in autoimmune responses during the autoimmune disease systematic lupus erythematosus.

</doc>
<doc id="19303948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303948" title="Jan van Cauwelaert">
Jan van Cauwelaert

Jan van Cauwelaert, C.I.C.M. (born 12 April 1914) is a Belgian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. At the age of , he is one of the oldest bishops in the Church, the oldest Belgian-born bishop, and the last living one ordained a bishop by Cardinal Jozef-Ernest van Roey.
Cauwelaert was born in Antwerp, Belgium in April 1914 as the youngest son of politician Frans Van Cauwelaert, and was ordained a priest on 6 August 1939 with the Roman Catholic religious institute, the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary. On 6 January 1954 he was appointed Apostolic Vicar of the Inongo Diocese in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Titular Bishop of Metropolis in Asia. He was ordained a bishop on 25 March 1954, and was appointed Bishop of Inongo Diocese on 10 November 1959. He resigned from the governance of that see on 12 June 1967 and was transferred to the titular see of Uccula. When the title of Bishop Emeritus came into use, he resigned on 12 October 1976 from his titular see, becoming Bishop Emeritus of Inongo.

</doc>
<doc id="19303954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303954" title="Northland Organic Foods Corporation">
Northland Organic Foods Corporation

Northland Organic Foods Corporation is a global food and agricultural products company based in Saint Paul, Minnesota. Founded in 1991, Northland is an award-winning innovator in the organic foods industry, specializing in the development, production, and international distribution of certified organic and conventional non-GMO specialty food and feed-use seeds, whole soybeans, corn, wheat and other cereal grains. Northland also produces and markets identity-preserved value-added ingredients such as soy meal, grits, flours, oils, lecithins and whole soybean powder under the Pure" label.
Northland Organic Foods is actively involved on a local, national and international level in community programs and ecological conferences whose goals are to promote organic and sustainable agriculture. Northland Organic Foods has, over the past three years, donated over 15% of pre-tax net earnings to environmental, educational, and cultural organizations that are making an effort to improve our community on both a local and a global level. The company also sponsors a website called "Seed to Plate", a non-profit informational online resource dedicated to providing a forum for the discussion of agricultural, environmental, and artistic issues with the goal toward solutions and action.
Northland Organic Foods is the sister company of Northland Seed & Grain Corporation, based in Saint Paul, Minnesota, a producer and global supplier of identity preserved, non-GMO seeds, raw materials and ingredients to the food manufacturing and feed industries. Northland Seed & Grain’s seed breeding program is centered on the development of traditionally crossbred, organic and non-GMO specialty variety seeds and grains.
The company offers a low-fat soy product.

</doc>
<doc id="19303967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303967" title="Sean McDermott">
Sean McDermott

Sean McDermott (born March 21, 1974) is an American football defensive coordinator for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He served as defensive coordinator of the Philadelphia Eagles from 2009–2010, a position he took over shortly before his predecessor, Jim Johnson, died of cancer. Considered one of the most promising young defensive coaches in the National Football League, McDermott reportedly drew interest for the defensive coordinator jobs of the Denver Broncos and the Green Bay Packers before his promotion with the Eagles. He was fired by the Eagles on January 15, 2011 following the 2010 season.
Early years.
McDermott is a 1993 graduate of La Salle College High School, where he was named All-Southeastern Pennsylvania at defensive back in 1992. He was also a national prep champion wrestler in both 1992 and 1993. He went on to earn a bachelor's degree in finance while at the College of William and Mary, where he was an all-conference safety (1997), and also receiving Academic all-conference honors in 1996 and 1997, and NSCA Strength and Conditioning All-America accolades. Sean played safety alongside future All-Pro NFL safety Darren Sharper.
Coaching career.
Philadelphia Eagles.
McDermott originally joined the Philadelphia Eagles in 1998 as a scouting administrative coordinator, a position he held until being promoted to assistant to the head coach in 1999. He then became defensive quality control coach and later assistant defensive backs coach. In 2003 he replaced Steve Spagnuolo as defensive backs coach, as Spagnuolo was assigned linebackers coach. In 2004, McDermott saw both of his starting safeties (Brian Dawkins and Michael Lewis) earn Pro Bowl berths for the first time in team history. Under McDermott's watch, Dawkins went on to earn two more Pro Bowl berths following the 2005 and 2006 seasons.
In 2007, McDermott was assigned linebackers coach, after Spagnuolo had left to take the defensive coordinator job for the New York Giants. On January 28, 2008, Eagles head coach Andy Reid named McDermott secondary coach again.
On May 18, 2009, McDermott was named the interim defensive coordinator as a result of defensive coordinator Jim Johnson's medical leave of absence. On July 24, 2009, due to the continuing decline of Johnson, the Eagles announced McDermott would take over as full time defensive coordinator. Johnson died on July 28, 2009. McDermott implemented a variety of blitzes in his defense, thanks in part to his mentor, former Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Johnson. 
McDermott was fired as the defensive coordinator on January 15, 2011.
Carolina Panthers.
McDermott was hired as the defensive coordinator of the Carolina Panthers on January 17, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19303971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19303971" title="Remember That">
Remember That

"Remember That" is a song by American recording artist Jessica Simpson from her sixth studio album, "Do You Know" (2008). Columbia Nashville released it as the album's second single on September 9, 2008. It was written by Rachel Proctor and Victoria Banks and produced by Brett James and John Shanks.
The song was released in North America. "Remember That" has received mixed reviews from music critics. The song is addressed to women who suffer from domestic abuse. The song did not make much impact in the United States, peaking at number one on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100, but failing to reach the Billboard Hot 100. However, the song did manage to peak at number forty-two on "Billboard" Country Songs, and at number eighty-eight in Canada.
Banks later covered the song on her 2012 album "Never Be the Same".
Background and theme.
After the release of her 2006 pop album "A Public Affair", Simpson stated she wanted to go back to her roots and do country music because she "has been brought up around country music", and wants to give something back. Simpson had already sung country themed songs previous like "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'". "Remember That" was co-written by country music writers Rachel Proctor and Victoria Banks. The lyrics of the single focus on a history of anger, violence and the strength that it takes for the victim to leave the abuser.
In "Remember That" she sings, “It doesn’t matter how he hurts you / With his hands or with his words / You don’t deserve it / It ain’t worth it / Take your heart and run.”
Critical reception.
Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a B-, saying that "Jessica Simpson’s second country single is a good deal better than her first", although he criticized the ending lyric and production.
Chart performance.
The song did not make much impact in the United States, peaking at number one on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100, but failing to reach the Billboard Hot 100. However, the song did manage to peak at number forty-two on Billboard Country Songs, and at number eighty-eight in Canada. As the date, "Remember That" has sold 207,000 paid digital downloads according to Nielsen Soundscan.
Promotion.
Simpson promoted the song on "Good Morning America", "Grand Ole Opry", "The View", "The Early Show" and "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".

</doc>
<doc id="19304033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304033" title="La Troienne Stakes">
La Troienne Stakes

The La Troienne Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1986 at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky. Formerly the Louisville Distaff Handicap, the Grade I event run in early May is open to fillies and mares, age three and older. It is contested on dirt over a distance of 1 1/16 miles (8.5 furlongs). 
This race was upgraded to a Grade I for its 2014 running.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by a jockey:

</doc>
<doc id="19304041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304041" title="Keurepani">
Keurepani

Keurepani is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4098 persons living in 794 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304045" title="Nikolai Andreevich Lebedev">
Nikolai Andreevich Lebedev

Nikolai Andreevich Lebedev (; August 8, 1919 - January 8, 1982) was a Russian mathematician who worked on complex function theory. With Milin he found the Lebedev-Milin inequalities that were used in the proof of the Bieberbach conjecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19304049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304049" title="WEC 22">
WEC 22

WEC 22: The Hitman was a mixed martial arts event held on July 8, 2006. "WEC 22" was also known as the Ryan Bennett Memorial Card in memory of the sportscaster and MMA journalist who died two months prior to the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19304054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304054" title="Khairang, Kosi">
Khairang, Kosi

Khairang is a Village Development Committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3050 persons residing in 533 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304062" title="Khartimchha">
Khartimchha

Khartimchha is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="19304078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304078" title="Khatamma">
Khatamma

Khatamma is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2151 persons living in 407 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19304084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304084" title="Nikolai Lebedev">
Nikolai Lebedev

Nikolai Lebedev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19304086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19304086" title="Makharbek Khadartsev">
Makharbek Khadartsev

Makharbek Khasbiyevich Khadartsev () (born 2 October 1964 in Suadag, Alagirsky District, North Ossetia) is a former Soviet wrestler who later competed for Russia, two times Olympic champion and five times world champion in Freestyle wrestling.
Olympics.
Khadartsev competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "light heavyweight" class.
He won a second gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Competing for Russia at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, he received a silver medal.
World championships.
Khadartsev won a gold medal at the 1986 FILA Wrestling World Championships in Budapest. He received gold medals also in 1987, 1989, 1990 and 1991.

</doc>
