<doc id="19344541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344541" title="HHS Glasgow">
HHS Glasgow

His Highness' Ship "Glasgow" was a royal yacht belonging to the Sultan of Zanzibar. She was built in the style of the British frigate HMS "Glasgow" which had visited the Sultan in 1873. The "Glasgow" cost the Sultan £32,735 and contained several luxury features but failed to impress the Sultan and she lay at anchor in harbour at Zanzibar Town for much of her career. The vessel was brought out of semi-retirement in August 1896 when she participated in the Anglo-Zanzibar War and was sunk by a flotilla of British ships. "Glasgow's" wreck remained in the harbour, her three masts and funnel projecting from the water, until 1912 when she was broken up for scrap.
Construction.
"Glasgow" was built in 1878 as a replacement for Sultan Bargash's fleet which had been lost in a hurricane in 1872. The "Glasgow" was based upon the British Royal Navy screw frigate HMS "Glasgow" which had impressed the Sultan during a visit to Zanzibar in 1873. Bargash consulted with Sir William Mackinnon, the founder of the British-India Steam Navigation Company, who recommended the firm of William Denny and Brothers as shipbuilders. On 17 April 1877 Denny wrote to the Bargash's agents promising to build "a vessel in every way a handsome and substantial piece of work" and on 14 May 1877 the ship was laid down. The vessel was constructed with an iron frame covered with teak planks and a keel made from rock elm, the hull was sheathed with Muntz metal below the waterline. "Glasgow" was equipped with three masts and a steam propulsion system with a lifting propeller. The vessel was launched on 2 March 1878.
The "Glasgow" was well fitted out for its role as a royal yacht and contained two state rooms, a dining saloon, a bathroom and a water closet for use by the Sultan. In all the vessel cost £32,735 and was fitted out with seven rifled, muzzle loading nine pounder cannon and a nine barrelled Gatling gun courtesy of Queen Victoria. It set sail for Zanzibar from Portsmouth on 17 April 1878 under the command of Captain Hand of the Royal Navy. Upon arrival in Zanzibar Town the Sultan inspected his new purchase and was rumoured to be unimpressed, the "Glasgow" being rather less imposing than its namesake, the British frigate. The ship lay at anchor in harbour through the rest of the Sultan's reign and that of his three successors until 1896.
Anglo-Zanzibar War.
On 25 August 1896 a new Sultan, Khalid, ascended to the sultancy without first consulting the British authorities, as required by treaty. This sparked the Anglo-Zanzibar War. On 27 August the now obsolete "Glasgow", the sole vessel of the Zanzibar Navy, fired upon a flotilla of five British ships, led by the cruiser HMS "St George" with its 9.2 inch guns. In return "Glasgow" was holed below her waterline and began sinking. Her crew hoisted the British flag as a token of surrender and all were rescued by British sailors in launches. The ship eventually sank at 10:45 am that day, settling on the harbour bed with just its masts and funnel projecting from the water.
The "Glasgow" remained there until an unstable mast prompted the harbour master and the Zanzibar government to consider raising her. Eventually, in 1912, a salvage company was awarded a £2,500 contract and she was broken up with explosive charges over a period of six months. The debris was disposed of at sea, her boiler, propeller and several cannon being sold for scrap. Several sections of iron frames remain intact on the harbour bed together with teak planks, sheets of Muntz metal, iron ballast blocks and the remains of the steam engine and propeller shaft. The site is occasionally visited by sports divers.

</doc>
<doc id="19344550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344550" title="Canton of Tôtes">
Canton of Tôtes

The Canton of Tôtes is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming and associated light industry in the arrondissement of Dieppe, centred on the village of Tôtes. The altitude varies from 69m (Saint-Pierre-Bénouville) to 176m (Fresnay-le-Long) for an average altitude of 134m.
Composition.
The Canton of Tôtes comprises 22 communes and a total of 10,937 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19344552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344552" title="Betty Constable">
Betty Constable

Elizabeth Howe "Betty" Constable (8 November 1924 – 9 September 2008) was an American pioneer in women's squash and was the first women's squash coach at Princeton University.
Life and career.
The first of twins born in Natick, Massachusetts, she graduated from Brimmer and May School in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. After serving in the American Red Cross during World War II.
Constable's mother Margaret Howe (Mrs. William Francis Howe) and twin sister, Peggy White were also national squash champions.
Squash's Howe Cup prize is named for the family. Constable was inducted into the United States Squash Hall of Fame in 2000. She died in Skillman, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19344554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344554" title="Christopher Webber">
Christopher Webber

Christopher Webber (born 27 May 1953) is an English actor, dramatist, theatre director, writer and music critic.
Biography.
Webber was born in Bowdon, Cheshire (now Greater Manchester) and educated at The Manchester Grammar School and the University of Kent at Canterbury. Starting his professional career with theatre directing work, for companies such as Orpheus Opera (of which he was Artistic Director 1980–87), Kent Opera, the new D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in Britain and the USA, and various other English companies, he soon broadened his portfolio to include musical journalism, as Opera and Classical Music Editor for Richard Branson's Event Magazine, as well as Music and Musicians Magazine.
As a writer, his early work included "Bluff Your Way at the Races" (Ravette) as well as many opera translations into English. Play commissions soon followed, beginning with a new English version of Sophocles's "Philoctetes" written for Offstage Downstairs. Later successes include "Tatyana" commissioned by Nottingham Playhouse, with Josie Lawrence in the title role, and Beverly Klein as her sister Olga; "Dr Sullivan and Mr Gilbert" (Mull Theatre, revived at Glasgow Citizens' Theatre and on tour throughout Scotland); and "Green Tea", shortlisted for a Guinness Prize.
He is an authority on the Spanish zarzuela, and his book "The Zarzuela Companion" (Scarecrow Press 2002, Foreword by Plácido Domingo) is a standard English work on the subject. He has also written on Hispanic and Portuguese Music for "The Oxford Companion to Music", "Opera Magazine", "Opera Now", Royal Opera Covent Garden and many other publications; has provided programme notes and translations for many concert and festival organisations including the New York Philharmonic Orchestra and Edinburgh Festival; and been Visiting Lecturer on the subject at various academic institutions, including the University of Tübingen and University of Valencia. He is also a contributor to the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography", including the entries on his Manchester Grammar School contemporary Steven Pimlott, and Joyce Hatto. Webber has since been featured on British TV's Channel 4 and BBC Radio 4, in documentaries about Hatto, "the fraudster pianist".
As an actor he has worked in England's West End and Repertory Theatre, creating the role of Owl in the first stage version of "Winnie-the-Pooh" (London Royalty Theatre and national tour) and taking part in world and/or international premières of plays by Alan Ayckbourn and Alan Bennett amongst others. He has also been an exponent in the field of corporate and medical professional actor-based roleplaying, especially noted for his work on development of feedback techniques, including his formulation of Advocate Feedback.

</doc>
<doc id="19344555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344555" title="Herodian architecture">
Herodian architecture

Herodian architecture is a style of classical architecture characteristic of the numerous building projects undertaken during the reign (37 BC - 4 BC) of Herod the Great, the Roman client king of Judea. Herod undertook many colossal building projects, most famously his reconstruction of the Temple in Jerusalem ("ca." 19 BC). Many of his structures were built upon comparable, previous Hasmonean buildings and most of his have, in their turn, vanished as well.
Innovations.
Herod introduced numerous architectural innovations and construction techniques in his buildings, such as the domes inside the Double Gate to the Temple Mount. He adapted the "mikveh" — a Jewish ritual bath — for use as the frigidarium in the Roman-style bathhouses in his many palaces. Herod also developed an innovative combination of palace and fortress; examples include the Antonia Fortress in Jerusalem, the Herodium in the Judean Desert about 2 miles south of Bethlehem, and Masada. Characteristically, they have (or had) one tower higher and stronger than the others. Herod’s fortification innovations strongly influenced the military architecture of subsequent generations.
In line with contemporary Jewish customs, Herod generally avoided the representation of human and animal figures, even in the closed and private parts of his palaces.
Herod's Temple.
In the eighteenth year of his reign (20–19 BC), Herod rebuilt the Second Temple in Jerusalem on "a more magnificent scale". The new Temple was finished in a year and a half, although work on out-buildings and courts continued another eighty years. To comply with religious law, Herod employed a thousand priests as masons and carpenters for the rebuilding. The finished temple, which was destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD, is often referred to as Herod's Temple. The Wailing Wall (Western Wall) in Jerusalem was for many years the only section visible of the four retaining walls built by Herod to create a flat platform (the Temple Mount) upon which his Temple was constructed.
Herod's palace-fortresses.
Herod constructed several lavish palace-fortresses within his kingdom, most notably at Jerusalem, Herodium, Masada, and Caesarea Maritima.
Herodian masonry.
Herod’s massive building projects featured a distinctive style of stone-dressing. This stone-dressing method — usually featuring the pale local "meleke" limestone — was so prominently practiced in Herod's day that it has led to such terms as “Herodian blocks”, “Herodian masonry”, “Herodian dressing”, and the like. It makes Herodian stones easily discernable from the earlier stone courses below, and later ones above, in the surviving walls at many sites. Best known is the example of the impressive retaining walls of the Temple Mount, readily visible at the Western Wall. 
Enormous quantities of stone were needed for these structures and the remains of the numerous quarries used can still be found, especially in the vicinity of Jerusalem’s Old City, notably those to the north known as Solomon's Quarries. Freeing the stones from the bedrock was an elaborate process: Wide grooves were chiseled with metal tools around the intended stone block. The block was then freed up by driving metal wedges into the grooves. The initial dressing of the stone was probably accomplished on site before transport. Many of these stones were very large, weighing between two and five tons. (The largest found, in the Western Wall Tunnel, measures some 12.8 meters in length, 3.4 meters high and 4.3 meters deep; it weighs about 660 tons.) Once moved to the building site, further fine chiseling was done and the blocks were hauled into place using ramps, cranes and crow bars. The stones were laid in dry courses, typically about 1 meter high without the use of any mortar. Each course was set 3 to 5 cm back from the course underneath it. Final dressing and refinements were carried out once the stones had been set in place. 
The huge rectangular building blocks, laid in horizontal courses, feature flat, projecting central portions (bosses) surrounded by narrow, shallow dressed margins (“marginal drafts”) creating a finely chiseled, frame-like effect. The depressed “frame” is sunk some 2 centimeters below the smooth face of the stone and its average width is about 8 centimeters. A wide, toothed chisel was used to smooth the stone margins.
The origins of this margin-cutting style predate Herod, as witnessed by the Hellenistic architecture of Alexandria, Asia Minor, and Greece itself, as well as by examples in the Levant (e.g., the palace of the Sons of Tuvia at Iraq, el-Amir in Jordan (near Amman), dating from at least the 3rd century BC). Examples of pre-Herodian margin stone-cutting are also attested in Jerusalem itself: at the “Tower of David” (the Paza’el Tower), in the "First city wall" and in the Hasmonean Tower unearthed in the Jewish Quarter. Authentic “Herodian masonry” includes examples at the sites at Hebron (Aloné Mamré, the Cave of Machpelah), in the Augusteum in Sebastia and possibly also in the Herodian platform at Caesarea Maritima. In Jerusalem, in addition to the Temple Mount, Herodian stones are preserved beneath the Damascus Gate. It has been observed that this distinctive stone-dressing style serves as a decorative theme on Second Temple period ossuaries found in the Jerusalem area.

</doc>
<doc id="19344568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344568" title="Ayam">
Ayam

Ayam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19344580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344580" title="Robert E. Lee Memorial Park">
Robert E. Lee Memorial Park

Robert E. Lee Memorial Park is a city/county park encompassing 415 acres of woodland, wetlands, serpentine barrens, rare plants and rocky plateaus surrounding Lake Roland in Baltimore County, Maryland, located near the intersection of Falls Road and Lake Avenue, adjacent to the Falls Road Light Rail Stop for the light rail line of the "Metro" system operated by the Maryland Transit Administration and state Department of Transportation since the early 1980s. The line runs from Cromwell Station near Glen Burnie in Anne Arundel County in the south to Hunt Valley and Timonium Business Park near Cockeysville of Baltimore County. The line runs along an railroad embankment and trestle over the lake above the dam, cutting the park into a two-thirds wooded northern part and the one-third southern portion around the dam, picnic groves, pavillon and pumping station.
Though the park is located just outside the northern limits of Baltimore city, it is owned by the city and operated as a park since the 1920s by the Baltimore City Department of Recreation and Parks and after a decades-long controversy is now leased to neighboring Baltimore County, Maryland and operated by their parks agency, in a similar arrangement to the situation with Fort Smallwood Park, several miles southeast of the city along the Patapsco River's south shore in Anne Arundel County, and transferred for lease to that suburban county's jurisdiction.
The Lake was constructed in the late 1850s after the City's 1854 purchase of the assets of the privately owned Baltimore Water Company, (founded 1805), following a long political controversy about the company's failure to extend water lines and service into the then outlying areas of town after the most recent annexation of 1818 which moved the City's northern boundary to then-called Boundary Avenue (today's North Avenue). The "Beaver Dam" marble old pumping station on the eastern shore of the Lake contains a marble pedestal engraved with the dates and names of the pertinent official and contractors involved in its construction and completion in 1860–61, along with another stone tablet that used to lie at the dam's western end before its reconstruction in the mid-1990s by the City.
Further to the south, the City had also just purchased the former Lloyd Nicholas Rogers estate "Druid Hill", first settled in the mid-1660s and with manor plantation houses reconstructed several times since, most recently in 1800 with what later became called the "Mansion House". It formed the third largest municipal landscaped park in the country (after Central Park in New York City and Fairmount Park in Philadelphia). Druid Lake was carved out, constructed and landscaped to add capacity to the newly expanded first municipal water supply system using the waters of the inter-connecting Jones Falls which flowed south through the central city to the Northwest Branch of the Patapsco River and the Baltimore Harbor. The system of parks for the City of Baltimore along the various stream valleys with inter-connected landscaped boulevards or parkways was designed and laid out by the famous landscape architect and developer Frederick Law Olmsted and the company later established by his sons in two famous reports in 1904 and 1926, of which Lake Roland and its Dam formed and integral part.
The park's main attractions are the large wooded areas, water views, walking trails, where dogs are permitted, the dam over Jones Falls, and the artificial impoundment created by the dam called Lake Roland.
The park includes a newly reconstructed pedestrian bridge over the Jones Falls. There is also an off-leash dog park named Paw Point. Outside of the dog park, a leash is required for all dogs. There are county park rangers walking around to enforce leash laws and other rules. Rangers are instructed to issue citations to violators.
The park was temporarily closed in late 2009 for extensive renovations and re-landscaping. It reopened to the public on Friday, October 14, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19344583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344583" title="Matt E. Baker">
Matt E. Baker

Matthew E. "Matt" Baker is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 68th District and was elected in 1992. For the 2009-10 legislative session, Baker has been appointed Republican Chairman of the House Health and Human Services Committee.
Career.
Prior to his election to the House, Baker served as a district legislative aide for 13 years. He worked in a Wellsboro law firm for twelve years where he specialized in serving people with disabilities. He helped them Obtain Social Security and disability benefits before federal administrative law judges.
Baker has seen many of his bills become law, including Act 22 of 2012, known as Pennsylvania’s Identity Theft Act, which makes it a felony of the third degree to commit a first offense of the crime of identity theft and provides a maximum penalty of seven years in prison and a $15,000 fine. A third or subsequent offense raises the crime to a felony of the second degree with a maximum penalty of 17 years in prison and a $125,000 fine. Act 166 of 2004 allows auto accident investigators to file summary charges up to a year after an accident, thereby giving law enforcement officials the necessary time needed to complete their investigation of the most difficult incidents – ones that cause serious bodily injury or death and frequently involve multiple vehicles.
Personal.
Baker graduated from Cowanesque Valley High School, Westfield. He holds an Associate Degree from Corning Community College, and earned a Bachelor of Science degree as an honors scholar from Elmira College. He also has a Certificate in Business Management, and attended Mansfield University. Formerly of Westfield, Pennsylvania, Baker resides in Wellsboro, Tioga County, with his wife Brenda.

</doc>
<doc id="19344587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344587" title="Oatcake">
Oatcake

An oatcake is a type of flatbread, similar to a cracker, made from oatmeal, and sometimes flour as well. Oatcakes are cooked on a griddle ("girdle" in Scotland) or baked in an oven. Oatcake variations exist based upon different preparations in various regions and countries.
Scottish oatcakes.
In Scotland, oatcakes are made on a girdle or by baking rounds of oatmeal on a tray. If the rounds are large, they are sliced into farls before baking. Oats are one of the few grains which grow well in the north of Scotland and were, until the 20th century, the staple grain used.
Scottish soldiers in the 14th century carried a metal plate and a sack of oatmeal. According to contemporary accounts, one would heat the plate over fire, moisten a bit of oatmeal and make a cake to ""comfort his stomach. Hence it is no marvel that the Scots should be able to make longer marches than other men.""
Samuel Johnson referred, disparagingly, to this staple diet in his dictionary definition for oats:
Lord Elibank was said by Sir Walter Scott to have retorted
The texture may vary from rough to fine depending on how the oats are ground. Oatcakes may be slightly chewy or hard depending the water content and how long they are cooked. Oatcakes were traditionally eaten with every meal as a major source of carbohydrate in the diet. From the 19th century onwards they were commonly served to accompany soups, meat and fish dishes. Today they are sometimes eaten as an alternative to bread or toast at breakfast.
Nowadays, many brands of oatcakes are commercially available, such as Nairns, Paterson's, and Walkers. Apart from those larger commercial manufacturers of oatcakes, there are many local bakers providing variations on the basic recipe.
Similar oatcakes are produced in Ireland, in a shared tradition with the Scots. Ditty's is a brand of Irish oatcake.
Queen Elizabeth II typically has Scottish oatcakes for breakfast and Walkers Oatcakes carry a Royal Warrant. British Prime Minister David Cameron named Scottish oatcakes as his favourite cake.
North Staffordshire and Derbyshire oatcakes.
A North Staffordshire oatcake is a type of pancake made from oatmeal, flour and yeast. It is cooked on a griddle or 'baxton'. The oatcake is a local speciality in the North Staffordshire area of England. They are normally referred to as "Staffordshire oatcakes" or possibly "Potteries oatcakes" by non-locals, because they were made in this area. In and around Staffordshire and Cheshire they are often simply known as oatcakes.
Derbyshire oatcakes are similar to Staffordshire oatcakes, but while following a similar (or even the same) recipe are generally larger in diameter, and thicker. For example the same recipe will make four Derbyshire or twelve Staffordshire style oatcakes.
It was once common throughout the Potteries for oatcakes to be sold directly from the window of a house to customers on the street. The last producer in this style, the 'Hole in the Wall' in Stoke-on-Trent, closed on 25 March 2012; however, there are many small commercial premises who sell oatcakes, either ready to eat, with a filling, or in batches of half a dozen / dozen for the customer to take home. Larger commercial enterprises exist that sell oatcakes to supermarkets and other large distribution chains.
Oatcakes can be a form of fast food. Catering outlets in the area usually offer oatcakes with fillings such as cheese, tomato, onion, bacon, sausage, and egg. They can also be eaten with sweet fillings such as golden syrup, jam or banana, but this is less common and frowned upon by traditionalists. They are traditionally re-heated by steaming between two plates over a saucepan of water or nowadays by microwave, though some may prefer frying in butter or grilling.
An Oatcake Day event was held on Sunday, 8 August 2010.
Lancashire and Yorkshire oatcakes.
A Lancashire oatcake bears a passing resemblance to a Derbyshire oatcake, but is made without wheat flour or milk, and shaped as an approximate oval, smooth on one side and rough on the other, and traditionally cooked on a bakestone. It may be eaten moist, rolled up like a pancake with a filling, or dried hung over a rack until a crisp cracker. The dried version served with a beef and cowheel stew is known as "stew and hard". Once common throughout Lancashire, it is now rarely found. The same cake is also cooked in West Yorkshire and Craven so is sometimes referred to as the Pennine Oatcake. Yet in Yorkshire the recipe often incorporated ca. 20% buttermilk.
In Lancashire and Yorkshire oatcake was a staple of the diet up to ca. 1910 Up to the 18th century Oatcakes were often called "havercakes", from "hafr" the Old Germanic word for oats, but that name only continued to be used in the North Riding of Yorkshire and Teesside for a different kind that is thick with no yeast. The word is perpetuated in the nickname "The Havercake Lads" for the 33rd Regiment of Foot and also in the term Haversack.
Cooking equipment.
In Lancashire and the West Riding of Yorkshire the griddle was called a bakstone. Originally a bakstone was a portable flat oval flaggy sandstone ca. thick, set on an open fire. In the 19th century these became replaced with a cast iron plate with a hooped handle, yet its name remained unchanged. In large houses they were built-in adjacent the chimney, with a firebox under an iron plate that was ca. by , or in larger houses a pair of square plates.
In the 18th century the batter was mixed in a small wooden bucket which was not cleaned, so that the particles on the sides acted as a fermenting agent for the next baking. In the 19th century they switched to baker's yeast and porcelain containers or enamel pails.
The size of the ladle varied relative to the current cost of oatmeal; for over decades oatcakes were by tradition one penny each, or 18 for a shilling.
Before ca 1860 the method was called "thrown oatcakes" or "riddlebread". The baker sifted oatmeal on the "riddleboard", poured on a ladleful of batter then, by a circular horizontal movement, spread and levelled the batter. It was then slid onto a piece of linen covering the "spittle" board, a board with a handle. The cake was thereby "thrown" (flipped) on to the bakstone and then the linen taken up.
Baking racks were contrived by turning a chair on its side and covering the legs with a white cloth.
Oatcakes made for drying were left until crisp on a fixture called the bread flake. Flake pronounced "fleeak" is from the Old Norse "fleki" meaning a hurdle. Flakes in Wharfedale had wooden laths e.g., one at Ling House measured by with 23 cross bars. Those in upper Ribblesdale had strings, over two of which each cake was laid. In some areas the rack was called a bread creel
Canadian oatcakes.
Scottish immigrants to the New World brought the recipe for this sustaining food to Canada. One such journey was HMS "Elizabeth", which brought immigrants to Prince Edward Island in 1775. Caught in a storm just off the coast of the island, the settlers and crew all survived and made it to the island in life boats, where they waited for three days for the storm to die down. When they returned to their ship to retrieve their possessions and provisions, they discovered that several barrels of oats were among the few foodstuffs that remained. The oats were full of sand and salt water, but that didn't stop them from breaking out the frying pans and cooking oatcakes as their first meal in days. One settler wrote in his journal, "This I thought was the Sweetest morsel I ever Ate in my life though the Outside was burnt black and the middle was not half done".
Oatcakes in Canada gradually moved from being a mainstay of the diet, to being a part of afternoon tea. Sweet and savoury versions were developed, to be served with jam or cheese respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19344598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344598" title="The Nurturing Network">
The Nurturing Network

The Nurturing Network, founded by American business executive and author, Mary Cunningham Agee, is an international charitable organization that responds to the needs of women facing the life-altering crisis of an unplanned pregnancy. The organization states that its purpose is to set political differences aside and mobilize volunteers who provide tangible resources to women and children at risk because their own support networks have let them down.
Founding.
The loss of her first child in a second trimester miscarriage in 1984, caused Agee to examine the scope of resources available to women whose pregnancies are terminated through abortion. Agee reported research that revealed, “Nine out of ten women experiencing a crisis pregnancy feel they have only one option: abortion.” This awareness prompted Agee to found the Nurturing Network in an effort to increase the availability and range of alternatives for women confronting this situation. The Network's founding documents reflect the view that women wanting to exercise their choice for birth often do not have the financial, medical, social or emotional resources necessary to carry out this decision. In 1985, The Agee’s sold their vacation home to generate start-up funds to form the 501c3 charitable organization. Agee reported at the time of founding TNN and subsequently in "Senate testimony" that, “Most government and social programs were specifically designed to meet the needs of unwed teenagers. There was little support for college or working women who were expected to be able to take care of themselves.” Agee sought to fill this void by raising awareness that this segment of women were, “Most likely to face family rejection, social stigma, and educational or career discrimination.”
Philosophy.
"Freedom of choice": TNN bases its program on the fundamental concept expressed by its Founder, Mary Cunningham Agee, that “freedom of choice without options is meaningless.” With access to complete information in a supportive, unbiased, non-judgmental environment, “women will be free to make sound decisions for themselves and their children.”
"Personal worth": Documents about the organization's mission and philosophy written by Agee state that “The Network, through its connection to thousands of local volunteers and other programs, seeks to enhance the self-esteem of every woman served – without regard to race, creed or economic circumstances. All clients are viewed as deserving of respect and support.”
"Growth through suffering": The Nurturing Network’s Founder emphasizes in her speeches and writing that, “Personal growth is often achieved through personal suffering. A positive response to a crisis pregnancy has the potential to catalyze significant personal insight along with a deepened compassion that will expand to benefit many others.” 
Client service.
Since its founding, the Nurturing Network (TNN) reports having served thousands of women by mobilizing volunteer resource members throughout the United States and in 33 foreign countries. Mary Cunningham Agee's book, “Compassion in Action: Maternal Profiles in Courage,” features the stories of the thousands of women whom TNN has helped in its first two decades of service. One third of the women who seek assistance from TNN are the result of referrals from crisis pregnancy centers.
Continuity of support.
The Nurturing Network describes continuity of support after a client’s baby is born as being a part of their services. Mothers who have been served by TNN are given an opportunity to help other women in the same situation through peer counseling and by sharing their personal stories as Inspirational Counselors.
Member resources and collaboration.
The Nurturing Network leverages its resources by recruiting local "Clusters" of resources in communities and college campuses nationwide. TNN volunteer members offer services in core resource areas by providing a supportive home environment, emotional counseling, employment, legal and medical services, educational opportunities and other forms of support. The Network’s service program emphasizes the importance of collaboration. utilizing its website, word of mouth and media coverage to communicate its mission and support other programs whose goals are compatible. 
Inadequacy of the public debate.
The Nurturing Network’s Founder states that the experience of having an unplanned pregnancy, “Has, unfortunately, become synonymous with having only one viable option: Abortion. This has divided well-intentioned people and organizations into polarized camps of ‘pro-choice’ and ‘pro-life.’” Agee contends that "since these two concepts are not logical opposites, the issue can never be resolved through rhetoric or political debate.” The organization's presents its non-confrontational style as a prototype of how many divisive issues could be approached in a healing way.
The Nurturing Network has publicly taken the position that, "legislative battles, rhetorical debates and judgmental protests over abortion have tended to overlook the imminent and practical needs of the women about whom people are arguing.” In print and broadcast media, Agee repeatedly urges the need to “move beyond political differences in order to provide practical assistance to women and children at a vulnerable time in their lives.”
Broad objective.
The Network describes its educational mission as, “Offering society a meaningful way to participate in building a society in which the dignity of each individual is respected.” A founding principle states that, “If we can communicate respectfully on pivotal issues, progress in achieving the broader goal of peace in our families, our businesses and our institutions, will be made.” 

</doc>
<doc id="19344603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344603" title="Johnson and Friends">
Johnson and Friends

Johnson and Friends is an Australian children’s television programme broadcast on ABC from 12 November 1990 to 25 December 1995. It was produced by Film Australia and lasted four seasons. In the UK it was shown in 1993 on TCC, CBBC, and then on UK Living's "Tiny Living" strand for under-fives. It was aired in the United States as a segment on the Fox Cubhouse, an educational children's program on Fox, from 1993 to 1996. The series was last repeated on ABC1 in November 2003.
Plot.
Johnson and his friends are toys that belong to a boy named Michael, unseen except for asleep in his bed. They reside in his bedroom, but do not move or show any signs of life until he has left the room or fallen asleep. Each episode involves a story about the toys and it will usually have a message to convey to the children about sharing, cheating, complaining or similar.
Themes.
The series is aimed at children less than five years old, and plays upon their fascination with the notion that toys come to life when they are gone. However, the stories often have a deeper message, and sometimes they are very poignant. Often the toys live in terror that new toys will replace them (also a major theme in Toy Story), encouraging small children to look after old toys.
On one occasion McDuff was taken out into the real world. She rejected her friends because it was so wonderful, but eventually she regained her senses.
One episode deals with the issue of having a TV in your child's room. The toys become completely addicted and Alfred watches it even when nothing is on. All the episodes convey gentle moral messages to young children whilst at the same time providing the lively colour and rambunctious gaiety that young children enjoy.
Cast.
The programme was narrated by Paul Bertram. The puppets were designed by Caroline Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="19344613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344613" title="Old Towne, Orange Historic District">
Old Towne, Orange Historic District

Old Towne, Orange Historic District, a one square-mile around the original plaza of Orange, California, contains many of the original structures built in the period after the City's incorporation. It is a vibrant commercial district, containing Orange County's oldest operating bank and the oldest operating soda fountain. The Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 (#NPS-#97000617), and is the largest National Register District in California. The Old Towne Preservation Association is a non-profit organization dedicated to maintaining the district.
According to State Historic Resource Surveys, Orange is unique among the region and the state in that it has the second largest concentration of historic buildings. A list of all of the buildings and sites in Orange that appear in the National Register of Historic Places can be found at , , and .

</doc>
<doc id="19344632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344632" title="Section 28">
Section 28

Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988 caused the controversial addition of Section 2A to the Local Government Act 1986 (affecting England, Wales and Scotland and Northern Ireland, enacted on 24 May 1988. The amendment stated that a local authority "shall not intentionally promote homosexuality or publish material with the intention of promoting homosexuality" or "promote the teaching in any maintained school of the acceptability of homosexuality as a pretended family relationship". It was repealed on 21 June 2000 in Scotland as one of the first pieces of legislation enacted by the new Scottish Parliament, and on 18 November 2003 in the rest of Great Britain by section 122 of the Local Government Act 2003.
As it did not create a criminal offence, no prosecution was ever brought under this provision, but its existence caused many groups to close or limit their activities or self-censor. For example, a number of lesbian, gay and bisexual student support groups in schools and colleges across Britain were closed owing to fears by council legal staff that they could breach the Act.
While going through Parliament, the amendment was constantly relabelled with a variety of clause numbers as other amendments were added to or deleted from the Bill, but by the final version of the Bill, which received Royal Assent, it had become Section 28. Section 28 is sometimes referred to as Clause 28 – in the United Kingdom, Acts of Parliament have sections, whereas in a Bill (which is put before Parliament to pass) those sections are called clauses. Since the effect of the amendment was to insert a new section '2A' into the previous Local Government Act, it was also sometimes referred to as Section 2A.
History.
Background.
Section 28 originated in the social transition in British society from homosexuality as "illegal-but-discussed", to "legal-but-not-always approved", following debate in the 1950s and the 1967 decriminalisation of homosexual acts for those over the age of 21 in the Sexual Offences Act 1967.
The 1980s was the era of Margaret Thatcher's Government, which brought large-scale social changes ("see: Thatcherism"); it was also the era in which AIDS was first reported. The spread of AIDS brought about widespread fear, much of which was directed at homosexuals and bisexuals. The first recorded victims of the disease were a group of homosexual men, and the disease became associated in the media, and at first even in medical circles, with homosexuals in particular. This encouraged negative sentiments toward homosexuals, which intensified already-existing opposition to school policies, activities, and practices, which supporters claimed were efforts to be inclusive of sexual minorities, and which opponents deemed as the promotion of homosexuality.
The precursor was the publication in 1979 of LEA Arrangements for the School Curriculum, which required local authorities to publish their curriculum policies. Following the legalisation of homosexuality proposals for Scotland (added as an amendment to the 1980 criminal justice bill by Labour MP Robin Cook), guidance was published indicating that schools should not teach homosexuality as part of sex education lessons. This was part of a deal to ensure government support for legalisation of homosexuality in Scotland.
This was followed, two years later, by The School Curriculum (25 March 1981), in which the secretaries of state (for Education and Wales) said they had decided to 'set out in some detail the approach to the school curriculum which they consider should now be followed in the years ahead'. Every local education authority was expected to frame policies for the school curriculum consistent with the government's 'recommended approach' (DES 1981a:5) which required teaching of only heterosexual sex in schools.
Given the domination of central government by conservative thinking, most gay rights activists were to be found in the Labour Party or the Liberal Party. These campaigners and their supporters progressively managed to raise these issues in local party meetings, resulting in a number of local authorities changing their policies to include the words "sexual orientation" in a list of unacceptable discriminations. The large Metropolitan Borough councils outside the capital, the Inner London Education Authority and the Greater London Council (GLC) regularly took out job adverts in the national press and elsewhere making a very public statement about the unacceptability of homophobic behaviour within their organisations.The GLC also directly started funding gay groups. Between 1981 and 1984 grants totalling at least £292,548 were given by the GLC to a variety of small gay groups and another £751,000 was committed towards the setting up of the London Lesbian and Gay Community Centre in Islington. About ten of the 32 local authorities in London, most prominently Islington and Haringey were also funding gay groups at that time, one report estimating that these boroughs and the GLC together donated more than £600,000 to gay projects and groups during 1984.
In 1983 the "Daily Mail", a British tabloid newspaper, reported that a copy of a book entitled "Jenny lives with Eric and Martin"—portraying a little girl who lives with her father and his homosexual partner—was provided in a school library run by the Labour-controlled Inner London Education Authority. More and more councils began to adopt wide-ranging anti-discrimination policies (particularly Ealing, Islington, Camden and Manchester who employed officers to counter homophobia).
The attention to this, and work within the political parties by activists, led to the adoption at the Labour Party Annual Conference in 1985 of a resolution calling for the end of all legal discrimination against homosexuals. In addition, the election to Manchester City Council of Margaret Roff (November 1985) as the UK's first openly homosexual Mayor and the publication of Changing The World by the GLC in 1985 all fuelled a heightened public awareness of the issues.
But it was not until 1986 that major controversy arose and widespread protest demonstrations made a major contribution towards the subsequent passing of Section 28.Susanne Bosche Jenny, Eric, Martin ... and me, "The Guardian", 31 January 2000. Accessed online 1 July 2006.</ref>
A final factor was the tone taken by some activist groups such as the Gay Liberation Front, cited by the Conservative MP Jill Knight, who introduced Section 28, and who in 1999 spoke about the purpose of that section:
Legislation.
As a consequence of the DPP deciding that the CPS could not on balance, under existing legislation prosecute the publishers of the "Playbook" mentioned above, and the start of local government spending on support groups for LGBT people, papers and Conservative backbench MPs became concerned that left-wing councils or schools would provide children with pro-homosexuality material or commend homosexuality to children, both described by parliamentarians backing the bill as morally wrong but which could be carefully policed by judges in applying a narrow sense to the meaning of the word "promote". In 1986 Lord Halsbury first tabled the Local Government Act 1986 (Amendment) Bill subtitled "An act to refrain local authorities from promoting homosexuality" in the House of Lords, drafted for him by Lord Campbell of Alloway. At the time, the incumbent Conservative government considered Halsbury's bill to be too misleading and risky. The bill successfully passed the House of Lords and Conservative MP Dame Jill Knight had the bill pass the first stage in the Commons. However, impeded by the 1987 general election, this Bill, commonly called the Earl of Halsbury's Bill failed. Its provisions were not reintroduced by the government on its re-election.
Instead, on 2 December 1987 in committee, Conservative MP David Wilshire proposed an amendment to the new Local Government Bill, as not yet passed, debated as "Clause 27" and later as "Clause 28", intended to be equivalent to the Earl of Halsbury's Bill. The government agreed to support the tabling of the amendment in exchange for Knight forgoing her place on the Health and Medicines Bill standing committee, - the amendment received the support of the Ministers for Local Government, Michael Howard and Michael Portillo. On being tabled, a compromise amendment was introduced by Simon Hughes on 8 December 1987 that was debated in the House on 15 December 1987 and which was defeated by a majority of 87, and the bill was approved on its first Commons debate that day. The bill was read a first time in the Lords two days later.
Lord McIntosh of Haringey took up the mantle of Simon Hughes's amendments in the Lords' second reading, furthered by the Bishop of Manchester stating: A spectrum of literature across the ages was cited (in support of these compromise amendments) by Lord Peston. Nonetheless the Bill passed second reading in the Lords before going to a whole house committee.
In that debate Lord Boyd-Carpenter cited a book display, and proposals for "gay books" to be present in a children's home and a gay pride week to be permissible in schools by named London councils. However on questioning, he said, "of course, 'promotion' can be treated in different ways. If the clause becomes law it will be a matter for the courts to interpret in the sensible way in which the courts do interpret the law." The SDP peer Viscount Falkland with Lord Henderson of Brompton proposed another compromise amendment the so-called "Arts Council" amendment and remarked "There is a suggestion in the clause that in no way can a homosexual have a loving, caring or responsible relationship".
Lord Somers countered: The narrowing amendment failed by a majority of 55 voting against it; and the Lords voted the clause through the following day by a majority of 80.
Michael Colvin MP thus on 8 March asked whether the minister, Christopher Chope would discuss with the Association of London Authorities the level of expenditure by local authorities in London on support for gay and lesbian groups to which he replied: The following day Tony Benn said in debate: Mr Wilshire added that "there is an awful lot more promotion of homosexuality going on by local government outside classrooms." and the tempering amendments of that day's final debate were defeated by 53 votes.
Section 28 became law on 24 May 1988. The night before, several protests were staged by lesbian women (one believed to be Annie "Mechanic" who lived at Greenham Common Women's Peace Camp), including abseiling into Parliament and a famous invasion of the BBC's Six O'Clock News, during which one woman managed to chain herself to Sue Lawley's desk and was sat on by the newscaster Nicholas Witchell.
Controversy over applicability.
After Section 28 was passed, there was some debate as to whether it actually applied in schools or whether it applied only to local authorities. Whilst head teachers and Boards of Governors were specifically exempt, schools and teachers became confused as to what was actually permitted and tended to err on the side of caution.
A National Union of Teachers (NUT) statement remarked that "While Section 28 applies to local authorities and not to schools, many teachers believe, albeit wrongly, that it imposes constraints in respect of the advice and counselling they give to pupils. Professional judgement is therefore influenced by the perceived prospect of prosecution."
Similarly, the Department for Education and Science made the following statement in 1988 regarding Section 28:
It is said that when Knight heard this, she was somewhat upset, remarking that:
In response to these criticisms, supporters claimed that the NUT and Department of Education were mistaken, and the section did affect schools.
Some local authorities continued to deliver training to their staff in their education system on how to deliver their services without discrimination against homosexuals. Manchester City Council continued to sustain four officer posts directly involved in policy making and implementation, contributing to the 1992 report ("Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988: a Guide for Workers in the Education Service, produced by Manchester City Council, May 1992.") which proved that Section 28 did not prevent this work. Their pioneering work was never once challenged by the act.
Before its repeal, Section 28 was already largely redundant: sex education in England and Wales has been regulated solely by the Secretary of State for Education since the Learning and Skills Act 2000 and the Education Act 1996. Nevertheless, many liberal and conservative campaigners still saw Section 28 as a symbolic issue and continued to fight their own particular causes over it until its repeal.
Political response.
The introduction of Section 28 served to galvanise the disparate British gay rights movement into action. The resulting protest saw the rise of now famous groups like Stonewall, started by, amongst other people, Ian McKellen, and OutRage!, subsequently led by Peter Tatchell.Schools OUT which had been formed back in 1974 worked tirelessly both against the act and supported and trained teachers on how to counter homophobia and make LGBT people visible in schools.
While the gay rights movement was united over Section 28, the issue began to divide the Conservative party, heightening divisions between party modernists and traditionalists. In 1999 Conservative leader William Hague controversially sacked frontbencher Shaun Woodward for refusing to support the party line for Section 28's retention, prompting pro-gay rights Conservatives, such as Steve Norris, to speak out against the decision. 2000 saw gay Conservative advisor Ivan Massow defect to the Labour Party in response to the Conservative Party's continued support of Section 28.
There is only one reported case of Section 28 being used before the courts against a Council. In May, 2000— seemingly the first and last case of its kind—the Christian Institute unsuccessfully took Glasgow City Council to court for funding an AIDS support charity which the Institute alleged promoted homosexuality.
In 2013, the death of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher prompted critical comment from many LGBT organisations and individuals such as Peter Tatchell about her legacy, including Section 28 (or Clause 28)
Repeal.
On 7 February 2000, the first attempted legislation to repeal Section 28 was introduced by the Labour Government as part of the Local Government Act 2000, but was defeated by a House of Lords campaign led by Baroness Young.
In the newly devolved Scottish Parliament the repeal process was more successful. The Equality Network led the campaign in favour of scrapping Section 28, while various groups campaigned against the repeal. The Scottish millionaire businessman Brian Souter privately funded a postal ballot as part of his Keep the Clause campaign, which returned an apparent 86% support for keeping the clause, from a response from slightly less than one third of the 3.9 million registered Scottish voters Despite this, Section 28 (although, more accurately, it was Section 2A of the relevant Scottish legislation) was repealed by MSPs as part of the Ethical Standards in Public Life etc. (Scotland) Act 2000 on 21 June 2000 with a 99 to 17 majority vote with only two abstentions.
On 24 July 2000 the Local Government Act 2000 was sent back to the Lords with an amendment re-introducing repeal. Concessions were made in the form of the new Learning and Skills Act 2000 which emphasised family values and which was hoped would win over opponents. However, the repeal was again defeated in the House of Lords.
Despite these successive defeats in the House of Lords of attempts to repeal Section 28 in England and Wales, the Labour government passed legislation to repeal this section as part of the Local Government Act 2003 by a vote of MPs.
In a part of the legal process (Standing Committee A) Edward Davey said "In a liberal democracy, the need to protect minorities properly sometimes means that protection cannot be achieved through the ballot box and that some things are not appropriate for a vote."
This passed the Lords, received Royal Assent on 18 September 2003, and the repeal became effective on 18 November 2003.
The Conservative-run Kent County Council, however, decided to create their own version of Section 28 to keep the effect of the now repealed law in their schools. This was replaced on 16 December 2004 with provisions stating that heterosexual marriage and family relationships are the only firm foundations for society. The statement now says: "We will ensure that sex education values family and marriage as the foundation of a civilised society, and a firm basis for the nurturing of children."
Support.
Section 28 was supported by religious groups such as the Salvation Army, the Christian Institute, the African and Caribbean Evangelical Association, Christian Action Research and Education, the Muslim Council of Britain, and groups within the Catholic Church and the Church of England. The Conservative Party, despite dissent within its ranks on the issue, whipped its members in support of Section 28 in 2000, but in 2003, after further dissent from within the party, allowed a free vote. In the House of Lords, the campaign against the repeal of Section 28 was led by the late Baroness Janet Young. Newspapers that strongly supported Section 28 included "The Daily Mail", "The Sun" and "The Daily Telegraph".
In Scotland the most visible supporters of Section 28 were Brian Souter and the "Daily Record" newspaper.
The main argument in support of Section 28 was to protect children from "predatory homosexuals" and advocates seeking to "indoctrinate" vulnerable young people into homosexuality. Various other arguments were also used in support of Section 28 which are summarised as follows:
Opposition.
Gay rights advocates, such as Stonewall, OutRage!, "Capital Gay", "The Pink Paper" and the "Gay Times" formed the major opposition to Section 28 and led the campaign for its repeal. Prominent individuals who spoke out for the repeal of Section 28 included Sir Ian McKellen, Michael Cashman, Ivan Massow, Mo Mowlam, Simon Callow, Annette Crosbie, Michael Grade, Jane Horrocks, Michael Mansfield QC, Helen Mirren, Claire Rayner, Ned Sherrin and Alan Moore.
A coalition of comic book creators, including Alan Moore, Frank Miller, Robert Crumb, Art Spiegelman, Neil Gaiman, and many others, produced a comic anthology called "AARGH (Artists Against Rampant Government Homophobia)" and raised at least £17,000 to contribute to the fight against the legislation, according to Moore. Boy George wrote a song opposed to Section 28, entitled "No Clause 28". The band Chumbawamba recorded a single entitled "Smash Clause 28! Fight the Alton Bill!" which was an attack on Clause/Section 28 and a benefit for a gay rights group; it also featured 12 pages of hand printed notes relating to gay rights. The legislation was also opposed by some religious groups and leaders, such as Richard Harries, Bishop of Oxford. Newspapers that came out in opposition included "The Guardian", "The Independent" and "The Daily Mirror".
Political parties that were opposed to Section 28 included the Labour Party, the Liberal Democrats and the Green Party. In the House of Lords the campaign for repeal was led by openly-gay peer Waheed Alli. Perhaps the most famous act of opposition to Section 28 came when Shaun Woodward, a Conservative MP with a transgender sister, defected from the Conservative Party and his seat and joined the ruling Labour Party in opposition to the Conservatives' continued support of Section 28.
The main point of argument claimed by opponents of Section 28 was the complaint that it discriminated against homosexuals, and hence was an intolerant and unjust law. Various other arguments were also used against Section 28 which are summarised as follows:
In retrospect.
Some prominent MPs who supported the bill when it was first introduced have since either expressed regret over their support, changed their stance due to different circumstances which have evolved over time, or have argued that the legislation is no longer necessary.
In an interview with gay magazine Attitude during the 2005 election, Michael Howard, then leader of the Conservative Party, commented:
In February, 2006, Conservative Party Chairman Francis Maude told Pinknews.co.uk that the policy, which he had voted for, was wrong and a mistake.
In 2000, David Cameron (at that time an unelected Conservative party member) repeatedly attacked the Labour government's plans to abolish Section 28, publicly criticising then-Prime Minister Tony Blair as being "anti-family" and accused him of wanting the "promotion of homosexuality in schools". In 2003, once Cameron had been elected as Conservative MP for Witney, he continued to support Section 28. As the Labour government were determined to remove Section 28 from law, Cameron voted in favour of a Conservative amendment that retained certain aspects of the clause, which gay rights campaigners described as "Section 28 by the back door". This was unsuccessful, and Section 28 was repealed by the Labour government without concession (Cameron was absent for the vote on its eventual repeal). However, in June 2009, Cameron—then leader of the Conservative Party whilst campaigning to be the next Prime Minister—formally apologised for his party introducing the law, stating that it was a mistake and had been offensive to gay people. He restated this belief in January 2010 and proposed to alter the policy of the Conservative Party to reflect his belief that equality should be taught in British schools
though he has yet to further this proposal since he became Prime Minister in May 2010.
Academies.
Section 28 received renewed attention in late 2011, when Michael Gove, in Clause 28 of the Model Funding Agreement for academies and free schools, added the stipulation that the benefits of marriage be taught in schools. Although the clause does not explicitly mention sexual orientation, with same-sex marriage not being legal at the time, it prompted "The Daily Telegraph" (traditionally supportive of the Conservative Party) to draw comparisons between the two clauses.
Academies and the Department for Education came under greater scrutiny in August 2013, when LGBT activists, in coordination with the British Humanist Association (BHA), identified over forty schools whose policies either replicated the language of Section 28 in their sex and relationship education (SRE) policies or were "unhelpfully vague" on the issue. Several of the schools highlighted by the BHA included the Grace Academy chain of faith schools — which opened after the repeal of section 28, Tasker-Milward V.C. School, whose SRE policy, dating from 2008, implied the clause was still in force, and The Northumberland Church of England Academy, who was listed as a School Champion by LGB rights charity Stonewall and whose staff spoke at Stonewall's 2013 Education for All Conference. In light of the media coverage, the Welsh Government announced an investigation into the Tasker-Milward School, and the Department for Education, announcing its own investigation, stated that schools were prohibited under DfE guidance from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation.

</doc>
<doc id="19344639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344639" title="Sreevallabha Temple">
Sreevallabha Temple

Sreevallabha Temple (Malayalam - ശ്രീവല്ലഭ മഹാക്ഷേത്രം), a highly orthodox Hindu Temple dedicated to Purusha as Lord Sreevallabhan, is one among the oldest and biggest Temples of Kerala and a major destination for devotees all over India for centuries. Located in Thiruvalla town of Pathanamthitta district, this ocean of orthodoxy is well known for its architectural grandeur and unique customs that can be found in no other temples. The stone-wooden carvings and fine mural paintings inside the temple are worth seeing. Being one among 108 Divya Desams, Sreevallabha temple has been glorified by Alvars and many other ancient works. It is considered to be the vallabha kshethram mentioned in Garuda Purana and Matsya Purana. Kathakali is played daily in the temple as an offering, pushing it to the top in India in terms of places where Kathakali is staged in largest number of days per year. Lord Vishnu appeared here as Sreevallabhan for sage Durvasa and Khandakarnan. Pleased by prayers of an old Brahmin lady Sreevallabhan incarnated as a brahmachari and killed the demon Thokalaasuran. Later the idol of Sreevallabhan worshipped by Lakshmi and Krishna has been installed in the temple in 59 BC. From then till date, the temple follows its own worship protocol that is known to be followed nowhere else yet. Sage Durvasa and Saptarishi are said to reach the temple every midnight for worshipping the Lord. The temple had governed one of the biggest educational institutions in ancient time and heavily contributed to the cultural and educational developments of Kerala
How to reach.
Situated 750 meters south to Ramapuram vegetable market and 500 metres south to Kavumbhagom junction on Thiruvalla-Ambalappuzha state highway (SH-12), Sreevallabha temple is just 2.5 km away from Thiruvalla railway station and 2 km from KSRTC bus stand. Both KSRTC and private bus services are available frequently. Auto-taxi services are also available.
Temple administration.
Currently the temple is under administration of Travancore Devaswom Board and is a major temple under Thiruvalla group.
History.
Present Thiruvalla was once a village among 64 Namboothiri villages in Kerala and is one among the oldest human settlements in India. Since this place is situated at the mouth (vai) of Manimala River (valla river) it had been known as ‘vallavai’ and later transforned into ‘thiruvalla’. Historical evidences point out the place had been inhabited by humans before 3000 BC. The Thiruvalla inscriptions say the temple for Sudarshana Chakra was built in 2998 BC . Another opinion is that the place was named after sreevallabha temple as sreevallabhapuram and Thiruvalla in colloquial Malayalam. The temple for Sudarshana Chakra was built by Sreedevi Antherjanam of Sankramangalathu Illam and it was elaborately rebuilt by Queen Cherumthevi in 59 BC. Sreevallabha temple flourished to a major spiritual and educational centre by AD 1100. The temple had governed a Vedic school (thiruvalla sala) with around 1500 students and 150 teachers. Veda, Vedanta, Tarka, Mimamsa, Jyotisha, Ayurveda, Kalaripayattu etc. were taught here. The temple also owned an ayurvedic hospital with facilities to admit and treat 100 patients at a time. Addressing lord Sreevallabhan by names Kolapiran, Thiruvazhmarvan and Sundarayan, the Tamil vaishnavite saints Nammalvar of the 5th century AD (2612-2622 in Divya Prabhandham) and Thirumangai Alvar of the 9th century AD (paasurams 1806-1817 in Divya prabhandham) had praised glory of the temple. Famous Sankrit poet Daṇḍin (7th century AD) of Kanchi mentioned the temple in his works. The first ever prose work in Malayalam is the Thiruvalla inscriptions dated first half of the 12th century AD, which was obtained from the temple during 1915. The famous Unnuneeli Sandesam of the 13th century AD highlighted the grandeur, beauty, serenity, fame and status of the temple during its time. Other works that glorified the temple are Sreevallabha Ksethra Mahathmyam of the 10th century AD, Sreevallabha Charitham kavyam, Thukalasura Vadham Kathakali, Sreevallabha Charitham Kathakali, Sreevallabha Vijayam Kathakali, Sreevallabha Suprabhatham, Sreevallabha Karnamritha Sthothram, Yajanavali Sangrham etc.
From the date built, the temple was under control of thiruvalla pattillathil pottimar (Brahmins of ten families) till 1752-1753. Sreevallabha Temple emerged out as a major spiritual destination for devotees all over India centuries before. It had 15 major priests (melsanthi) and 180 sub-ordinate priests (keezhsanthi) all the time and another 108 for only daily noon pooja. Temple provided staying and food facilities for all visitors, students, teachers etc. and also used to conduct annadanam (serving food to the poor) daily. Naivedyam of Lord Sreevallabhan for a single time used to be made from 45 para (one para can feed appx 100 persons) rice. In all these years, temple acquired enormous amount of wealth that it even used to serve food in golden banana leaves and throw them considering as the leavings. It also had thousands of acres of land too which are lost now. During 1752-1753 Marthanda Varma of Travancore captured the temple from Pathillathil Pottimar and it is believed that Ramayyan Dalawa looted whole temple assets to Thiruvananthapuram. Up to 1968, ladies and elephants were not allowed in the temple. The temple used to be opened for ladies only during Thiruvathira of dhanu month and Vishu of medam till then. Anyhow now this custom is not in practise. These facts clearly say that how popular and wealthy the temple was in those days.
Architecture.
Built in the silent and picturesque land on the banks of Manimala river, this icon of Kerala temple architecture, covers an area of 8.5 acres and ranks first among the temples of old Travancore state in terms of area inside the compound wall. The temple is surrounded on all sides by 12 feet, tall 566 feet long, 4.5 feet thick red granite compound walls with a two-storied gopuram (gate tower) on each side. This huge wall was built in 57 BC and is believed that it was completed in a single night by bhoothagana (servants) of The Lord. Outside eastern wall a big pond covering 1.5 acres is seen in north-eastern direction with a copper flagstaff on its southern bank. A platform for performing kathakali is seen just in front of the eastern entrance. Inside the wall pradakshina veethi or outer circumambulation path is seen with four small aankottils (places where the deity is taken out and kept for worship inside temple wall) and a big one on south-eastern corner. South-east to this an oottupura or dining hall is seen which is built in all other temples only on northern side and this is unique to Sreevallabha temple only. Temple auditorium and administrative offices can be seen next to this. Smaller shrines for lord Ganapathy and Ayyappan and another auditorium are seen in south-western side. The position of kshethra palan or temple guard which is strictly built in all temples on northern side is found here just in front of Ganapathy’s shrine i.e. on southern side which also is another peculiarity found nowhere else. The sacred fig and mango trees beneath which sage Durvasa meditated is found near Ayyappan shrine. Just outside the western gopuram, Sankaramangalth Illam where Sreedevi Antharjanam lived is seen well preserved for the initiation of any pooja in the temple. Northern gopuram is closed always and is opened only for Uthra Sreebali festival. North east to pradakshina veethi, a self originated pond called Jalavanthi or Khandakarna theerthem which is believed to contain 64 hidden idols of the Lord is seen. It is for only the use of priests. Spot where sage Vedavyasa and sage Durvasa disappeared is found on its eastern bank and resting building for the priests on southern side. North to the temple a roofless shrine dedicated to kurayappa swamy is seen. No pooja is done here, but only banana as naivedyam. The bahir bali vrutham or outer circle of sacrificial stones is built inner to bahir pradakshina veethi. The temple koothambalam (stage) was destroyed by fire in 1915.
The most highlighted construction of the temple is the Garuda dhvaja sthambam or flagstaff of Garuda, the majestic eagle mount of lord Vishnu. This monolithic structure is completely built from black granite and elevated 53.5 feet above the ground with its lower end touching water table. Constructed in 57 BC, this structure was also built in a single night along with the outer wall. And an amazing fact is that no black granites can be found in an area ten miles around the temple. A 3 feet massive idol of Garuda is placed on the top of it facing the main sanctum. Since this flagstaff started slanting and reached its current position, a three tiered copper roofed construction has been made all around it to prevent further slanting. West to this, currently used golden flagstaff can be seen.
West to the third flagstaff, balikkalpura (room of the major sacrificial stone) is built around a ten feet tall balipeetha (main sacrificial stone). Vallyambalam (building attached to naalambalam at its main entrance and between naalambalam and balikkalpura) is a double storied copper sheet roofed building standing on 16 stone pillars. These pillars and the roof are noted for their exquisite and minute carvings demonstrating the excellence of those who built it. The central corridor of vallyambalam leads to naalambalam (double walled building constructed around sanctum-sanctorum at a distance) with thidappalli or holy kitchen, navakappura or room for navaka pooja etc. The 150 feet long, 11 feet Broad square naalambalam is completely made out of black stones and supported by 54 stone pillars beautifully carved with the image of a Salabhanjika on each. Outside naalambalam, a deepasala (galaxy of bronze lamps) is built on teak wood. The western part of naalambalam is adorned with some murals and a small shrine for vadakkum thevar i.e., the idols of Vishnu, Shiva, Parvati, Murugan and Nrithaganapathy worshipped by Sreedevi Antherjanam. Two namaskara mandapam (prostration building) are built against both doors of Sreekovil (sanctum-sanctorum) and only Brahmins are allowed there. The eastern mandapam is 24 feet long square building with copper sheeted roof and stand on 12 wooden and 4 stone pillars. All these are well known for their fine carvings. The western mandapam is small and also square shaped.
The circular, copper roofed, golden domed sreekovil is adorned with finely etched murals of matsya, kaaliyamardana, kurma, Dakshinamurthy, varaha, venu gopala, maha ganapathy, narasimha, vamana, sudarshana, parashurama, sree rama, Purusha sukta, balarama, sreeKrishna, lakshmi, kalki and garuda in clockwise manner. Sreekovil has an outer perimeter of 160 feet and has three concentric walls. It enshrines Lord Sreevallabhan facing east and Sudarshana chakra(sathrusamhaaramoorthy) facing west under the same roof. Sreevallabhan is portrayed as bearing a lotus in right hand, chakra in right upper hand, sankha in left upper hand and his left hand kept on his waist (kati hastham). This 7 feet tall massive idol is situated at a height of 10 feet in such a way that one has to bend his body to see it and its top and bottom cannot be seen. Along with this idol other idols of Vishnu, Lakshmi, Dakshinamurthy, Varaha and Sreebali bimbam or procession idol of Sreevallabhan are also there. Unlike usual yantra form, here Sudarsana is installed in eight handed human form bearing sankha(conch), chakra(disc), gada, padma(lotus), pasha(rope), ankusa (hook), musala(pole), and dhanu(bow). No other temples are known to enshrine lord Vishnu and lord Sudarsana under same roof
Legends.
Legends have their own space in relation with the history of a temple, but they should never be mixed up. While going through the legends related to Sreevallabha temple it is clear that even though Sreevallabhan’s idol is older, it was the temple for sudarshana built first. These legends can be summarised as below.
Ascend of Sreevallabhan’s idol to the earth.
Before creation, while being in deep meditation at the origin of universe, Viratpurusha appeared to Brahma. Brahma understood the Lord as he could and later on continued worshipping Purusha in an idol created by Vishvakarma from energy concentrated out of extreme power and vehemence of Purusha. Upon request by Samudradeva (god of water) lord Brahma advised worship protocol of Purusha to him and handed over the idol. Later goddess Adi Parashakti takes birth as Samudradeva’s daughter in the name Sreedevi (lakshmi,shree). Sreedevi worshipped the very same idol and lord Vishnu promised to marry her while she comes out during churning of the milky ocean in Krita yuga. This eventually made Vishnu to be known as sreevallabhan (sree-lakshmi, vallabhan-husband) and the goddess incorporated her power also to the idol. Later Vishnu married Lakshmi as he promised.
Tapasya of sage Durvasa.
After the churning of milky ocean, sage Durvasa was upset due his own wrathful nature which led to the whole incidents. He sought advice of his father, lord Shiva who directed Durvasa to lord Brahma for getting the knowledge of Parabrahmam. Brahma advised the same as he did to Samudradeva and asked him to worship the Lord. Durvasa along with 63 disciples reached the Earth and found a suitable place and named it as Mallikavanam (forest of jasmines). Durvasa did tapas beneath jointly growing mango and sacred fig. Later in treta yuga the Lord appeared to the sage. As lord Vishnu appeared, water sprouts rushed out of earth and Durvasa washed the Lord’s feet with it. Pleased with the sage’s devotion, Vishnu promised to be present at the spot forever on a condition that the sage should do his service whenever he appear in a form that can be visualized by all. (The spot where Durvasa meditated is south-west to the temple and the water sprouts turned into a tank, Jalavanthy)
Khandakarnan and his bells.
In spite of being son of lord Shiva, Khandakarnan was a horrible ogre who used to sacrifice animals to please Shiva and never missed any chance to humiliate Vishnu. He had a pair of bells as ear rings so that he can hear only the name of Shiva what he used to chant always. As he didn’t get salvation even after long time, he asked Shiva for its reason. Shiva decided to teach him both Shiva and Vishnu are same advised him to worship Vishnu. Directed by Durvasa, Khandakarnan reaches Mallikavanam. There he took bath in Jalavanthy and threw away his ear rings and got a new pair so that he can hear only the name of Vishnu thereafter. During Dvapara Yuga, Vishnu appeared in front of him as Sreevallabhan and he got salvation. By this, Jalavanthy became famous by the name Khandakarna Theerthem.
Journey of Sreevallabhan’s idol.
Soon after the construction of Dvaraka, Samudradeva gifted many precious things including Sreevallabhan’s idol to Krishna. Krishna handed it over to his friend Satyaki saying “there is nothing in the world for Vishnu pooja like Sreevallabhan’s idol. Worshipping Vishnu directly and worshipping this idol are the same always. It has got the power to wash away even sins accumulated through ages”. Satyaki asked Krishna’s permission for building a temple and celestial architect Vishvakarma constructed the biggest temple in Dvārakā. Sage Vedavyasa installed the idol and Durvasa advised worship protocol. During end of dvapara yuga Sathyaki handed over the idol to Garuda and asked to keep it safe for the use of humans in Kali yuga. Garuda went to Ramanaka island and worshipped it there. Worship of the idol made Garuda free from all his curses. When the time for Garuda to leave the earth reached, he had hidden the idol in the Bhadra deep of Netravati River (in present day Dakshina kannada dist., Karnataka) 
Annihilation of Thokalasuran.
Brahmins are envious.
Mallikavanam became a human settlement before thousands of years and emerged out as a high profile spiritual and educational centre with enormous wealth and human power. At that time only Brahmin families were not less than 3000 and Sankaramangalath illam enjoyed top status among them. But Sankaramangalath Illam faced risk of extinction as only an old lady and her younger son Narayana Bhattathiri lived there. Bhattathiri married Sreedevi Antharjanam against dreams of others that they will get his wealth too by making their daughters getting married with him. Sreedevi Antherjanam had all good qualities but illiterate. Since literacy was a mandatory for Brahmins and even women were well versed in Sanskrit, being illiterate was a matter of humiliation and envious Brahmins never missed a chance to humiliate Antharjanam to which she never paid any attention. As the couple had no children even long after marriage, they started Ekadasi vrata for the same. The method adopted by Antharjanam for this was the most difficult one which made her to leave food and sleep also and she made her servant Sreedevi and her son Mukundan to follow the same. Since they were too wealthy Antherjanam started giving food to anyone at anytime which only increased the wrath of orthodox Brahmins.
Humiliation of Antharjanam and miracle.
As time passed, Bhattathiri passed away and Antherjanam was made alone by all. Since she was habituated to Ekadasi vrata, she became a good devotee of Vishnu and it troubled her the most that she couldn’t do ekadasi as she was unable to read panchangam(astrological calendar) and others will be humiliating her illiteracy if she asks them. But she somehow found an ekadasi day and started keeping a pebble in a pot each day so that she could know next date when it reaches fifteen. But many times actual ekadasi was one day before or after her ekadasi due to change in appearance of moon. This led her to be humiliated to such an extent that people started using her name for any stubborn act. One day everyone was shocked when two astrologers confirmed it was ekadasi at Sankaramangalath Illam while it was dasami at every other place. Astonished by this incident, people understood and accepted the unconditional devotion of Antherjanam and started calling her “Sankaramangalathamma” or “Chankrothamma” with respect.This lead the whole village to perform Ekadashi vrata in the same days as antharjanam did.
Troublesome Thokalasura and Yakshi.
After many years Mallikavanam was attacked by a dreadful Asura called Thokalaasuran who looted every one and was fond of eating young human flesh. At the same time a yakshi (vampire) also reached western road to the village attacking everyone who come by that way. This made many to leave the place and outsiders to avoid the place. Being too aged, Antharjanam couldn’t go anywhere. But it became very difficult to find a brahmachari (Brahmin boy who is under his deeksha after samavartanam) and thus doing paarana (final, most important event of ekadasi. Washing feet of brahmacharis and serving food to them) also became difficult. One day Antharjanam couldn’t find any brahmachari and she cried in front of her idol of Vishnu requesting not to break her custom that she had been following from many years. By the time a young brahmachari reached there and asked food. Antharjanam became glad to see him and asked him to come after bath since she needed to complete rituals of Ekadasi. Discarding all warnings given by Antharjanam, the young man stepped towards the river where Thokalaasuran lived. There happened a big fight between both. Finally the golden pole with the brahmachari turned into Sudarshana chakra and he killed Thokalasuran and his crew. After this, brahmachari washed his chakra in water and installed the Shivalinga worshipped by Thokalaasuran on a hill top. Reaching the northern entrance of the village, he conquered and tied hands of yakshi. After installing an idol of Durga on the rock with what he covered the well in which Yakshi was put, the Brahmachari requested Goddess Mahamaya to protect Mallikavanam from all other tree directions.
Installation of Sudarshana.
Later the young man with five other brahmacharis reached Sankaramangalath illam. Antharjanam completed all rituals and served food to them in areca nut leaves as the rakshasa had destroyed all banana plantains. Goddess Lakshmi disguised as a housewife entered the scene and served thrippuli (a kind of pickle) to the brahmachari. Knowing Thokalasuran had been murdered by the brahmachari, people came there to visit him and requested show them his Chakra to salute. Brahmachari installed it in human form with eight hands facing west on the raised land east to them and advised for its daily worship. Sreedevi Antharjanam decided to build a temple there and asked Pathillathil Pottimar to be the administrators. The gathered people paid their oblations to the Chakra and prostrated in front of it. Then the brahmachari removed his uthareeyam (dess covering his chest) showing his chest adorned with Sreevatsam and goddess Lakshmi residing there, for Antharjanam to be confirmed that he was lord Vishnu only and on showing his Viswaroopam, Anthajanam, her servant and servant’s son got salvation by merging with Him. This incident happened on 2998 BC and thereafter Mallikavanam became famous as Chakrapuram. Fvive brahmachari came along with the Lord were sage Durvasa and his desciples. The place where Thokalasuran lived is now known as Thokalassery, where he has been killed as Konnakkulangara, where brahmachari washed his Chakra as Chakrashaala kadav, where he installed Durga’s idol as Thiru Erankavu and three abodes of Mahamaya around the area as Aalumthuruthy, Karunaattukaavu and Padappaad. The Sankaramangalath illam is still well preserved outside the temple near to its western gate and is considered as the place of origin of the temple. Hence any custom followed in the temple starts here only.
Installation of Sreevallabhan’s idol.
Around 3000 years after this incident, King Cheraman Perumal visited the temple and his wife Queen Cherumthevi expressed her wish to build a shrine for Vishnu also attached with it rebuilding the whole structure. They ordered a Vishnu’s idol from Tamilakam after the temple construction. One night the Queen had a dream in which Garuda disguised as a Brahmin informed her about Sreevallabhan’s idol and asked to install it there. With the help of Garuda and Tulu Brahmins, Cheraman Perumal brought the idol to Chakrapuram for installation. But during installation ceremony, the idol didn’t fit to its peetham or seat, the priests felt something supernatural and everyone came out near Jalavannthy. Then they heard celestial instruments being played and chanting of vedic hymns from inside. As they rushed and opened altar door, they saw the idol installed at right place with blazing light everywhere and a couple of bananas in an Areca nut palm leaf in front of the idol. Two celestial beings came out of the sanctum-sanctorum and disappeared on eastern bank of Jalavanthy and they were Durvasa and Vedavyasa. Thereafter Chakrapuram had been renamed as Sreevallabhapuram. The idol that King ordered had been installed at Sree Krishna temple, Malayinkeezhu, Thiruvananthapuram. Sreevallabha temple had been built by Uliyannoor Perumthachan, the architectural legend. The temple wall and Garuda dhwaja were completed in a single day in 57 BC by the crew of the Lord. Perumthachan had made a panchaloha idol of Garuda which is currently seen over Garuda dhwajam. Soon after the installation, Garuda tried to fly and perumthachan stopped it by cutting its one wing by throwing his axe. The present copper flag is built there where Garuda had fallen during this incident.
Ban for women.
After an incident of a woman getting salvation inside the shrine, ladies were more attracted to the temple. A series of inauspicious events happened after a lady who had been enchanted by beauty of the handsome idol entered the sanctum-sanctorum to marry the Lord and the administrators decided to ban women from entering the temple after an astrological counseling. But on request, they agreed to allow women twice a year during Thiruvathira of Dhanu month and Vishu in Medam when the Lord will be dressed up with mud, ashes, torn clothes etc. to look ugly. The ban was removed in 1968.
Vilwamangalam and Nammalvar.
One early morning, Vilwamangalam Swamiyar visited the temple while Kathakali was being played outside. Swamiyar was astonished for not feeling the presence of the Lord inside. As he reached outer aanakkottil, he saw a young Brahmin watching kathakali and recognised him as none other than the Lord. Suddenly lord Sreevallabhan disappeared into the temple saying Swamiyar disturbed him while He was enjoying Kathakali, his favourite. Thereafter Kathakali became an important offering and is being played regularly in the temple. And too, to Nammalvar, Sreevallabhan appeared as Padmanabha sleeping in the ocean of milk, Sree Chakrapani, Infant Krishna showing all worlds in his mouth and Vamana who asked three feet land to King Mahabali.
Customs of worship.
Vishnu at Sreevallabha Temple is being worshipped his cosmic, original and transcendental form Purusha which can be understood from (1) using different moola manthra/fundamental hymn for different aspects of Purusha contrary to the strict usage of only a single fundamental hymn in all temples, (2) sanctum-sanctorum is built in such a way that the top and bottom of the deity can’t be seen as Viratpurusha has no origin and end, (3) Peetha pooja which is mandatory in all vaidika temples is not done here as Purusha is devoid of origin and end, (4) dressing up the deity only with white or saffron clothes contrary to popular yellow clothing used for Vishnu temples of vaidika sampradaya which suggests the eternity of Purusha and (5) the rituals and customs followed in the temple includes all Shaiva, Vaishnava and Shakteya worshipping that are now in practise in vaidika sampradaya because Purusha being the ultimate and others being only aspects of Purusha. Generally all kerala temples follow Vaidika School of worship based on the book Tantrasamuchayam. But Sreevallabha Temple doesn’t follow Tantrasamuchayam and follows its own School called Pancharaathra Vidhaanam. No other temples are known to follow it but Thripunithura Sree Poornathrayeesa Temple follows a school of worship somewhat similar to that of Sreevallabha Temple. It is to be noted that the temple has never changed its worship protocols since 59 BC and it is doubtful that any other temple follows such an ancient system.
The Pancharaathra Vidhaanam.
This should not be confused with Pancharatra Agama of Vaishnavites which is completely an Āgama Sampradaya established by 11 AD whereas Pancharaathra Vidhanam is completely Vaidika Sampradaya of 4 BC origin. But base for both these is the same- five spontaneous aspects of Purusha – Param, Vyooham, Vibhavam, Antharyaami and Archa, but these have got entirely different explanations in Vedic tradition and Āgama tradition. Durvasa Samhitha based on Pancharaathra Vidhaanam by Sage Durvasa explains the rituals to be performed. The book "Yajanavali", the nutshell of Durvasa Samhitha is being followed for worshipping lord Sreevallabhan and Ahirbudhnya Samhitha for Sudarshanamoorthy. Considering Srishti, Sthithi and Laya as the tejas of five aspects of Purusha, five pooja are performed here and the deity is adorned like Brahmachari, Grihastha and Sanyasi in different forms during these pooja. These customs are highly orthodox and can’t be found anywhere else. The base of every temple is the energy driven through Moola mantra/fundamental hymen (of the respective God), which should never be changed/misused and strictly used during every pooja. If not, it changes the chaitanya or energy of the temple and is believed to produce disastrous effects to both temple and the place where it is situated, which need to be rectified by expensive and complicated penitential procedures. So no temples have multiple moola manthram where as Sreevallabha temple uses different moola manthram for different occasions. This is just an example to show how unique are the customs followed here and from basics, whole things are entirely different.
Poojas performed.
Daily five main pooja are being performed with thee naivedyam and three sreebali. It starts with palliyunarthal or awakening the Lord followed by abhishekam or bathing with 12 pots of water sanctified with vedic chantings. This is followed by malar naivedyam. Afterwards Usha Pooja which is Purusha sukta pradhana starts. At this time, the idol will be dressed up like a brahmachari in 18 feet long white mundu with uthareeyam and two flower garlands. Then main nivedyam is done followed by usha deepaaradhana. First sreebali(sacrificing food to all crew of the deity) follows this. Pantheeradi pooja starts after a short interval in which the Lord is dressed up in Saffron-yellow mundu, angavastram, tulasi garland only. No ornaments are used during this as the Lord is assumed as a Yogeeshwara. This is also called as Purushanarayana pooja. Then follows Madhyahna/ ucha pooja or noon pooja in which Lord is assumed to be thriloka chakravarthi i.e. emperor of three worlds, grihastha bhava, adorned with all ornaments and garlands especially kesaadipaadam garlands. Ucha pooja is completed in three parts one inside sanctum-sanctorum, another one at navaka pooja and third being the paala namaskaaram. At this time ucha nivedyam and paala namaskaaram are done followed by sreebali and temple closes. Evening temple opens and deeparaadhana or lamp worship is done after sometime. Then follows the fourth pooja in which the Lord is assumed to be sreemad naarayanan and these two pooja are in Sthithi sankalpa. Soon athazha pooja/5th pooja is done in which Sreevallabhan is assumed to be Parabrahma, Yathi bhava, in Laya sankalpa. Now the Lord will be dressed up in a single saffron colour mundu and a tulasi garland only. After third sreebali, Lakshminarayana pooja is done as a part of the Sleeping ceremony and sanctum-sanctorum is closed keeping necessary articles for a pooja inside for Sage Durvasa along with Saptarishi who come at midnight daily for ardhayaama pooja. Sage Durvasa is believed to perform always naivedya also and hence prasanna pooja is open and naivedyam is done closed contrary to other kerala temple tradition. There were five Namboothiri Brahmin families and ten Tulu Brahmin families appointed as melsanthi or chief priests along with 180 keezhsanthi or sub-ordinate priests. Another 108 brahmacharins were also needed for daily paala namaskaaram. Thanthram (power of conducting temple rituals) is for three families viz. Thukalasseri Tharayil Kuzhikkattu, Thekkedathu Kuzhikkattu and Memena Kuzhikkattu families. Now only two melsanthi are there instead of 15. Any kind of pooja performed here should be done after doing a token worship or starting it at Sankaramangalath Illam as it is considered to be the moola sthaana (place of origin) of Sreevallabha temple.
Customs followed in the temple.
Sreevallabha Temple is well known for its highly orthodox natured rare customs. In 1997, famous poet and former head-priest Vishnunarayanan Namboothiri was removed from the post as he had crossed the sea in order to address the Millennium Conference on Integration on Science and Consciousness, in Britain which resulted in religious sacrilege evoking the wrath of his own community since it was against temple customs. And only after a series of penance, he was allowed to continue in his post. The priests strictly should take bath in Jalavanthy before entering the temple and they shall never use sacred ash or vibhoothi, only sandal paste is to be used. The chief priest should be of 50 years old, married and should never be the one whose family has got hereditary rights for worshipping any Shiva temple. In every three years, priests can be changed. Also the priests entering Sreevallabhan’s shrine are restricted from entering even other shrines in the temple. There will be separate priests for that. Devotees also should never use sacred ash inside the temple wall. even though it is the prasada given. They shall use it outside only. Male devotees are not allowed to wear shirt, t-shirts etc. A detailed description of such customs can be found in the book "Sreevallabha Mahakshethra Charithram" by historian P.Unnikrishnan Nair.
Method of taking Darsanam.
Four circumambulations or pradakshina are advised in the temple out of which one should be done outside and three inside the naalambalam. Enter through eastern gate, turn left and worship Ganapathy, Shiva and Ayyappan on the southern side. After circumambulating the jointly growing sacred fig and mango trees, proceed to Sankaramangalath Illam just outside the western gate. Return to temple and walk through the northern circumambulation path. Salute Kali at the northern gate and Kurayappa swamy too. Visit Jalavanthy and Salute Vedavyasa and Durvasa on its eastern bank. Turn right to Garuda dhwajam and worship Garuda before entering naalambalam. In naalambalam, worship Vadakkumthevar and Vishwak sena outside the sanctum and inside the sanctum Sreevallabhan, Lakshmi, Bhudevi, Varaha and Dakshinamurthy through eastern door and Sudarshana Chakra through western door.
Festivals and important days.
There are two main festivals- thiru uthsavam and Uthra Sreebali. In Sreevallabha Temple Uthsavam is conducted giving importance to aaraattu(holy bath)and is for ten days ending with Pushya nakshatra of kumbham (February-march) of Malayalam calendar. Its customs and procedures are much complicated and start with kodiyett or raising the festival flag on the flagstaff. Two days before kodiyett, temple sanctifying procedures are performed. Then on the kodiyettu day, the holy flag is raised. Special poojas are done every day along with sreebhoothabali (sacrificing food to all crew of the deity) in the noon. On the seventh day night, pallivetta(custom done on the belief that the Lord hunts away all evil spirits) and tenth day the holy bath or aarattu. It is done at the river near Thukalassery and the deities of Sreevallabhan and Sudarshana moorthy are taken back to the temple after deepa aaradhana at Thukalassery Mahadeva Temple, accompanied by large and colourful procession and the temple is closed. Uthra Sreebali, the biggest festival of the temple, is conducted in the Malayalam month of Meenam(March–April). This is the festival of three Goddesses who had been asked by Sreevallabhan to protect Thiruvalla and it is conducted when they come to the Sreevallabha Temple to meet both the Lords. These goddesses are from the temples Aalumthuruthy, Padappattu and Karunaattu kaavu where temple festival starts on the same day in the month of Meenam. Before their holy bath on the eighth day the three Goddesses proceed to Sreevallabha Temple where its northern gate is opened only at that time for them. The Goddesses enter the temple through the northern gate and are welcomed by playing 18 groups of instruments and are directed towards the balikkalpura where the two Lords will be waiting to receive them. Then Ashtapadi is played and sreebali is done. This is followed by jeevatha dancing of the Goddesses in the middle of many lamps. Then the Goddesses proceed for their holy bath and the Goddess of Aalumthuruthy temple returns Sreevallabha Temple by next day noon Sreebali when lord Sreevallabhan gives her vishu kaineettam. As the sreebali ends, the programme gets over and the deities are taken back to respective temples. Taking part in the whole Uthra Sreebali is said to wash away sins of all births as all vedic and puranic deities are taking part in it. Other major fastivals as per Malayalam Calendar are on Thiruvonam of Chingam month, Thirunaal (chitra nakshatra) in Thulam month, Thirunaal chirappu (chitra nakshatra) in Vrischika month, Ardra of Dhanu month, Srebali during Makara Sankrama, Vishu in the month of Medam and Nira Puthari during Karkidakam.
Temple timings.
Temple functions from morning 4 a.m. to noon 12 p.m. and evening 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Timings of major events are as follows. Morning 04.00 a.m.= Palli unarthal/awakening the deity. 04.30 a.m.= Nirmalya Darsanam/viewing the deity in the before day’s gesture. 05.00 a.m.= Abhishekam/holy bath. 06.00 a.m= Malar nivedyam. 06.30 a.m.= First pooja or Usha pooja followed by Nivedyam. 08.00 a.m.= First Sreebali (procession outside). 09.00 a.m.= Pantheeradi pooja or fourth pooja. 10.45 a.m. = Ucha pooja or third pooja with Nivedyam. 11.30 a.m.= Ucha Sreebali. 12.00 p.m.= Temple closes
05.00 p.m. = Temple opens
06.30 p.m. = Deepa Araadhana
07.00 p.m. = Fourth pooja
07.30 p.m. = Athazha pooja or fifth pooja with Nivedyam
08.00 p.m. = Third Sreebali and temple closes
Offerings.
The main four offerings are Paala Namaskaaram, Kathakali, Pantheerayiram and Kesadipaadam Garland. Paala Namaskaaram is actually a part of the third pooja around 10:45 am and is serving food with specific dishes to the Lord and Brahmins in areca nut palm leaves as Sreedevi Antharjanam served the same to the Lord. Before doing 108 Paala Namaskaaram daily was a ritual in the Temple and now due to scarcity of Brahmins it is reduced to only one, that too done by devotees as an offering. It needs to book for it at least a couple of years in advance to get the date. As told, Kathakali is daily played in the night as an offering and main stories played are Duryodhana Vadham(annihilation of Duryodhana), Santhana Gopalam(story of Arjuna), Kuchela Vrutham(story of Kuchela) Sreevallabha Vijayam(glory of Sreevallabhan) and Thokalaasura Vadham(annihilation of Thokalaasura). Santhana Gopalam is famous for getting children for those who don’t have children, DuryodhanaVadham against enemies, Kuchela Vrutham to remove poverty and the two others to fulfil all wishes. Pantheerayiram is offering 12,001 bananas through a special ritual to the Lord as banana was the first offering to the deity soon after installation. It is a heavily expensive one and usually done at Pantheeradi Pooja. Kesaadipaadam garland is a flower garland measuring approximately 15 feet and the deity will be adorned with it during third and fourth pooja. And there are numerous other offerings which should be done during specific poojas only.

</doc>
<doc id="19344654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344654" title="BBC">
BBC

The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcasting statutory corporation. Its main responsibility is to provide impartial public service broadcasting in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man. The BBC is headquartered at Broadcasting House in London and has major production centres in Salford Quays, Belfast, Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff and Glasgow, and smaller production centres throughout the UK. The BBC is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, with about 23,000 staff.
The BBC is a semi-autonomous public service broadcaster that operates under a Royal Charter and a Licence and Agreement from the Home Secretary. Within the United Kingdom its work is funded principally by an annual television licence fee, which is charged to all British households, companies and organisations using any type of equipment to receive live television broadcasts; the level of the fee is set annually by the British Government and agreed by Parliament.
Outside the UK, the BBC World Service has provided services by direct broadcasting and re-transmission contracts by sound radio since the inauguration of the BBC Empire Service on 19 December 1932, and more recently by television and online. Though sharing some of the facilities of the domestic services, particularly for news and current affairs output, the World Service has a separate Managing Director, and its operating costs have historically been funded mainly by direct grants from the British government. These grants were determined independently of the domestic licence fee and were usually awarded from the budget of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. As such, the BBC's international content has traditionally represented – at least in part – an effective foreign policy tool of the British Government. The recent BBC World Service spending review has announced plans for the funding for the world service to be drawn from the domestic licence fee.
The Corporation's guaranteed income from the licence fee and the World Service grants are supplemented by profits from commercial operations through a wholly owned subsidiary, BBC Worldwide Ltd. The company's activities include programme- and format-sales. The BBC also earns additional income from selling certain programme-making services through BBC Studios and Post Production Ltd., formerly BBC Resources Ltd, another wholly owned trading subsidiary of the corporation. Most of the BBC's magazine and book publishing activities were sold in 2011. The BBC is sometimes referred to by other British media as "Auntie" or "the Beeb" and is viewed all over the world.
History.
1922 to 1939.
The privately owned BBC was the world's first national broadcasting organisation. It was founded on 18 October 1922 as the British Broadcasting Company Ltd by the British General Post Office (GPO) and a group of six telecommunications companies—Marconi, Radio Communication Company, Metropolitan-Vickers (MetroVick), General Electric, Western Electric, and British Thomson-Houston (BTH)—to broadcast experimental radio services. The first transmission was on 14 November of that year, from station 2LO, located at Marconi House, London. That year its founder John Reith became its first general manager.
In 1923, the Sykes Committee rejected advertising for the service as it would lower standards, and recommended that a 10 shillings licence fee fund broadcasts. To avoid competition with newspapers, Fleet Street persuaded the government to ban news programmes until 7 pm, and the BBC could only use news from wire services instead of reporting its own. By 1925, the BBC reached about 80% of Britons through a network of regional and relay stations. While regional stations at first offered many local programmes, by 1930 the National Programme from London, and a Regional Programme from London and several regional cities, replaced local radio.
The GPO was reluctant to collect the licence fee for a commercial entity, and the BBC's financial losses caused wireless manufacturers to wish to exit the consortium. In 1925, Reith persuaded another committee led by the Earl of Crawford to recommend that a new entity, independent of both the government and corporations, administer broadcasting. The 1926 general strike interrupted newspaper publishing so temporarily ended the ban on news reporting, and its balanced representation of strikers' and government viewpoints during the national crisis impressed millions of listeners. By the end of 1926, the government accepted the Crawford Committee's recommendations, and Reith was knighted. On 1 January 1927, the British Broadcasting Corporation, established under a Royal Charter, and with Reith as Director-General, became successor in interest. To represent its purpose and (stated) values, the Corporation adopted the coat of arms, including the motto "Nation shall speak peace unto Nation". The motto is generally attributed to Montague John Rendall, former headmaster of Winchester College and member of the first BBC Board of Governors. The motto is said to be a "felicitous adaptation" of Micah 4: 3 "nation shall not lift up a sword against nation".
Experimental television broadcasts were started in 1932 using an electromechanical 30-line system developed by John Logie Baird. Limited regular broadcasts using this system began in 1934, and an expanded service (now named the BBC Television Service) started from Alexandra Palace in 1936, alternating between an improved Baird mechanical 240 line system and the all electronic 405 line Marconi-EMI system. The superiority of the electronic system saw the mechanical system dropped early the following year.
1939 to 2000.
Television broadcasting was suspended from 1 September 1939 to 7 June 1946 during the Second World War. There was a widely reported urban myth that, upon resumption of service, announcer Leslie Mitchell started by saying, "As I was saying before we were so rudely interrupted ..." In fact, the first person to appear when transmission resumed was Jasmine Bligh and the words said were "Good afternoon, everybody. How are you? Do you remember me, Jasmine Bligh ... ?"
The European Broadcasting Union was formed on 12 February 1950, in Torquay with the BBC among the 23 founding broadcasting organisations.
Competition to the BBC was introduced in 1955 with the commercial and independently operated television network of ITV. However, the BBC monopoly on radio services would persist into the 1970s. As a result of the Pilkington Committee report of 1962, in which the BBC was praised for the quality and range of its output, and ITV was very heavily criticised for not providing enough quality programming, the decision was taken to award the BBC a second television channel, BBC2, in 1964, renaming the existing service BBC1. BBC2 used the higher resolution 625 line standard which had been standardised across Europe. BBC2 was broadcast in colour from 1 July 1967, and was joined by BBC1 and ITV on 15 November 1969. The 405 line VHF transmissions of BBC1 (and ITV) were continued for compatibility with older television receivers until 1985.
Starting in 1964, a series of pirate radio stations (starting with Radio Caroline) came on the air and forced the British government finally to regulate radio services to permit nationally based advertising-financed services. In response, the BBC reorganised and renamed their radio channels. The Light Programme was split into Radio 1 offering continuous "Popular" music and Radio 2 more "Easy Listening". The "Third" programme became Radio 3 offering classical music and cultural programming. The Home Service became Radio 4 offering news, and non-musical content such as quiz shows, readings, dramas and plays. As well as the four national channels, a series of local BBC radio stations were established in 1967, including Radio London.
In 1969, the BBC Enterprises department was formed to exploit BBC brands and programmes for commercial spin-off products. In 1979 it became a wholly owned limited company, BBC Enterprises Ltd.
In 1974, the BBC's teletext service, Ceefax, was introduced, created initially to provide subtitling, but developed into a news and information service. In 1978, BBC staff went on strike just before the Christmas of that year, thus blocking out the transmission of both channels and amalgamating all four radio stations into one.
Since the deregulation of the UK television and radio market in the 1980s, the BBC has faced increased competition from the commercial sector (and from the advertiser-funded public service broadcaster Channel 4), especially on satellite television, cable television, and digital television services.
In the late 1980s, the BBC began a process of divestment by spinning off and selling parts of its organisation. In 1988 it sold off the Hulton Press Library, a photographic archive which had been acquired from the "Picture Post" magazine by the BBC in 1957. The archive was sold to Brian Deutsch and is now owned by Getty Images. During the 1990s, this process continued with the separation of certain operational arms of the corporation into autonomous but wholly owned subsidiaries of the BBC, with the aim of generating additional revenue for programme-making. BBC Enterprises was reorganised and relaunched in 1995 as BBC Worldwide Ltd. In 1998, BBC studios, outside broadcasts, post production, design, costumes and wigs were spun off into BBC Resources Ltd.
The BBC Research Department has played a major part in the development of broadcasting and recording techniques. In the early days, it carried out essential research into acoustics and programme level and noise measurement. The BBC was also responsible for the development of the NICAM stereo standard.
In recent decades, a number of additional channels and radio stations have been launched: Radio 5 was launched in 1990 as a sports and educational station, but was replaced in 1994 with Radio 5 Live, following the success of the Radio 4 service to cover the 1991 Gulf War. The new station would be a news and sport station. In 1997, BBC News 24, a rolling news channel, launched on digital television services and the following year, BBC Choice launched as the third general entertainment channel from the BBC. The BBC also purchased The Parliamentary Channel, which was renamed BBC Parliament. In 1999, BBC Knowledge launched as a multi media channel, with services available on the newly launched BBC Text digital teletext service, and on BBC Online. The channel had an educational aim, which was modified later on in its life to offer documentaries.
2000 to 2011.
In 2002, several television and radio channels were reorganised. BBC Knowledge was renamed BBC Four and became the BBC's arts and documentaries channel. CBBC, which had been a programming strand as Children's BBC since 1985, was split into CBBC and CBeebies, for younger children, with both new services getting a digital channel: the CBBC Channel and CBeebies Channel. In addition to the television channels, new digital radio stations were created: 1Xtra, 6 Music and BBC7. BBC 1Xtra was a sister station to Radio 1 and specialised in modern black music, BBC 6 Music specialised in alternative music genres and BBC7 specialised in archive, speech and children's programming.
The following few years resulted in repositioning of some of the channels to conform to a larger brand: in 2003, BBC Choice became BBC Three, with programming for younger generations and shocking real life documentaries, BBC News 24 became the BBC News Channel in 2008, and BBC Radio 7 became BBC Radio 4 Extra in 2011, with new programmes to supplement those broadcast on Radio 4. In 2008, another channel was launched, BBC Alba, a Scottish Gaelic service.
During this decade, the corporation began to sell off a number of its operational divisions to private owners; BBC Broadcast was spun off as a separate company in 2002, and in 2005 it was sold off to Australian-based Macquarie Capital Alliance Group and Macquarie Bank Limited and rebranded Red Bee Media. The BBC's IT, telephony and broadcast technology were brought together as BBC Technology Ltd in 2001, and the division was later sold to the German engineering and electronics company Siemens IT Solutions and Services (SIS). SIS was subsequently acquired from Siemens by the French company Atos. Further divestments in this decade included BBC Books (sold to Random House in 2006); BBC Outside Broadcasts Ltd (sold in 2008 to Satellite Information Services); Costumes and Wigs (sold in 2008 to Angels The Costumiers); and BBC Magazines (sold to Immediate Media Company in 2011). After the sales of OBs and costumes, the remainder of BBC Resources was reorganised as BBC Studios and Post Production, which continues today as a wholly owned subsidiary of the BBC.
The 2004 Hutton Inquiry and the subsequent Report raised questions about the BBC's journalistic standards and its impartiality. This led to resignations of senior management members at the time including the then Director General, Greg Dyke. In January 2007, the BBC released minutes of the Board meeting which led to Greg Dyke's resignation.
Unlike the other departments of the BBC, the BBC World Service is funded by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The Foreign and Commonwealth Office, more commonly known as the Foreign Office or the FCO, is the British government department responsible for promoting the interests of the United Kingdom abroad.
In the past few years, the BBC has experimented in high-definition television. In 2006, BBC HD launched as an experimental service, and became official in December 2007. The channel broadcasts HD simulcasts of programmes on BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Three and BBC Four as well as repeats of some older programmes in HD. In 2010, a HD simulcast of BBC One launched: BBC One HD. The new channel uses HD versions of BBC One's schedule and uses upscaled versions of programmes not currently produced in HD.
On 18 October 2007, BBC Director General Mark Thompson announced a controversial plan to make major cuts and reduce the size of the BBC as an organisation. The plans included a reduction in posts of 2,500; including 1,800 redundancies, consolidating news operations, reducing programming output by 10% and selling off the flagship Television Centre building in London. These plans have been fiercely opposed by unions, who have threatened a series of strikes, however the BBC have stated that the cuts are essential to move the organisation forward and concentrate on increasing the quality of programming.
On 20 October 2010, the Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne announced that the television licence fee would be frozen at its current level until the end of the current charter in 2016. The same announcement revealed that the BBC would take on the full cost of running the BBC World Service and the BBC Monitoring service from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, and will partially finance the Welsh broadcaster S4C.
2011 to present.
Further cuts were announced on 6 October 2011, so the BBC could reach a total reduction in their budget of 20%, following the licence fee freeze in October 2010. Details include cutting staff by 2000 and sending a further 1000 to the MediaCityUK development, with BBC Three moving in 2016, the sharing of more programmes between stations and channels, sharing of radio news bulletins, more repeats in schedules, including the whole of BBC Two daytime and for some original programming to be reduced. BBC HD was closed on 26 March 2013 and replaced with an HD simulcast of BBC Two, however flagship programmes, other channels and full funding for CBBC and CBeebies would be retained. Numerous BBC facilities have been sold off, including New Broadcasting House on Oxford Road in Manchester. Departments are being split between Broadcasting House and MediaCityUK, as well as many services remaining at BBC Television Centre in London until March 2013.
In December 2012, the BBC completed a digitisation exercise, scanning the listings of all BBC programmes from an entire run of about 4,500 copies of the "Radio Times" magazine from the first, 1923, issue to 2009 (later listings already being held electronically), the 'BBC Genome project', with a view to creating an online database of its programme output. An earlier nine years of listings are to be obtained from other sources. They identified around five million programmes, involving 8.5 million actors, presenters, writers and technical staff.
Governance and Corporate Structure.
The BBC is a corporation, independent from direct government intervention, with its activities being overseen by the BBC Trust (formerly the Board of Governors). General management of the organisation is in the hands of a Director-General, who is appointed by the Trust; he is the BBC's Editor-in-Chief and chairs the Executive Board.
Charter.
The BBC operates under a Royal Charter. The current Charter came into effect on 1 January 2007 and runs until 31 December 2016. Each successive Royal Charter is reviewed before a new one is granted, i.e., every 10 years.
The 2007 Charter specifies that the mission of the Corporation is to "inform, educate and entertain". It states that the Corporation exists to serve the public interest and to promote its public purposes: sustaining citizenship and civil society, promoting education and learning, stimulating creativity and cultural excellence, representing the UK, its nations, regions and communities, bringing the UK to the world and the world to the UK, helping to deliver to the public the benefit of emerging communications technologies and services, and taking a leading role in the switchover to digital television.
The 2007 Charter made the largest change in the governance of the Corporation since its inception. It abolished the sometimes controversial governing body, the Board of Governors, replacing it with the sometimes controversial BBC Trust and a formalised Executive Board.
Under the Royal Charter, the BBC must obtain a licence from the Home Secretary. This licence is accompanied by an agreement which sets the terms and conditions under which BBC is allowed to broadcast. It was under this Licence and Agreement (and the Broadcasting Act 1981) that the Sinn Féin broadcast ban from 1988 to 1994 was implemented.
BBC Trust.
The BBC Trust was formed on 1 January 2007, replacing the Board of Governors as the governing body of the Corporation. The Trust sets the strategy for the corporation, assesses the performance of the BBC Executive Board in delivering the BBC's services, and appoints the Director-General.
BBC Trustees are appointed by the British monarch on advice of government ministers. There are currently twelve trustees, headed by the Chairman, Lord Patten of Barnes and the vice-chairman Diane Coyle. There are trustees for the four constituents of the United Kingdom are; England (Alison Hastings), Scotland (Bill Matthews), Wales (Elan Closs Stephens) and Northern Ireland (Aideen McGinley). The remaining trustees are Sonita Alleyne, Richard Ayre, Anthony Fry, David Liddiment, Suzanna Taverne and Lord Williams.
Executive Board.
The Executive Board meets once per month and is responsible for operational management and delivery of services within a framework set by the BBC Trust, and is headed by the Director-General, currently Tony Hall. The Executive Board consists of both Executive and Non-Executive directors, with non-executive directors being sourced from other companies and corporations and being appointed by the BBC Trust. The executive board is made up of the Director General as well as the head of each of the main BBC divisions. These at present are the Director of Radio, Helen Boaden; Director of BBC Television, Danny Cohen; Director of News and Current Affairs, James Harding; Director of Strategy and Digital, James Purnell; Director of Human Resources, Lucy Adams; and the Managing Director of BBC Operations and Finance, Ann Bulford.
The Board shares some of its responsibilities to four sub-committees including: Audit, Fair Trading, Nominations and Remuneration.
It is also supported by a number of management groups within the BBC, including the BBC Management Board, the Finance and Business committee, and boards at the Group level, such as Radio and Television. The boards of BBC Worldwide support and BBC Commercial Holdings along with the Executive Board on commercial matters. .
In addition to these members there are also four non-executive directors. These are currently Sally Davis, former CEO of BT Wholesale; Dame Fiona Reynolds, Director-General of the National Trust; Brian McBribe, the former Managing Director of Amazon.co.uk and Simon Burke the chairman of Hobbycraft.
Management Board.
The management board is responsible for managing pan-BBC issues delegated to it from the executive board and ensures that the corporation meets its strategic objectives, the board meets three times per month. Current members include: Director General; Tony Hall, Director Radio; Helen Boaden, Director BBC Television; Danny Cohen, Director News & Current Affairs; James Harding; Editorial Director; Roger Mosey, Director Strategy & Digital; James Purnell, Director BBC Scotland; Ken MacQuarrie, Director BBC Cymru Wales; Rhodri Talfan Davies, Director Northern Ireland; Peter Johnson, Director Future Media; Ralph Rivera, Director North; Peter Salmon, Managing Director BBC Operations & Finance; Anne Bulford, OBE, Director HR; Lucy Adams, Editorial Policy & Standards; David Jordan, Director Marketing; Philip Almond, Creative Director; Alan Yentob, CEO Worldwide & Director Global; Tim Davie.
Operational Divisions.
The Corporation is headed by Executive Board, which has overall control of the management and running on the BBC. Below this is the BBC Management board, which deals with inter departmental issues and any other tasks which the Executive board has delegated to it. Below the BBC Management board are the following six major divisions covering all the BBC's output:
All aspects of the BBC fall into one or more of the above departments, with the following exceptions:
Finances.
The BBC has the second largest budget of any UK-based broadcaster with an operating expenditure of £4.808 billion in 2011/12 compared to £5.9 billion for British Sky Broadcasting, £1.9 billion for ITV and £214 million in 2007 for GCap Media (the largest commercial radio broadcaster).
Revenue.
The principal means of funding the BBC is through the television licence, costing £145.50 per year per household since April 2010. Such a licence is required to receive broadcast television across Britain, however no licence is required to own a television used for other means, or for sound only radio sets (though a separate licence for these was also required for non-TV households until 1971). The cost of a television licence is set by the government and enforced by the criminal law. A discount is available for households with only black-and-white television sets. A 50% discount is also offered to registered blind. As a result of the UK Government's recent spending review, an agreement has been reached between the government and the corporation in which the current licence fee will remain frozen at the current level until the Royal Charter is renewed at the beginning of 2017.
The revenue is collected privately and is paid into the central government Consolidated Fund, a process defined in the Communications Act 2003. The BBC pursues its licence fee collection and enforcement under the trading name "TV Licensing". "TV Licensing" collection is currently carried out by Capita, an outside agency. Funds are then allocated by the Department of Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) and the Treasury and approved by Parliament via legislation. Additional revenues are paid by the Department for Work and Pensions to compensate for subsidised licences for eligible over-75-year-olds.
Since the licence fee is classified as a tax, it follows that evasion is a criminal offence. Since 1991, collection and enforcement of the licence fee has been the responsibility of the BBC in its role as TV Licensing Authority. Thus, the BBC is a major prosecuting authority in England and Wales and an investigating authority in the UK as a whole. The BBC carries out surveillance (mostly using its subcontractors) on properties (under the auspices of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000) and may conduct searches of a property using a search warrant. For example, according to TV Licensing, "more than 204,000 people in the UK were caught watching TV without a licence during the first six months of 2012". Licence fee evasion makes up around one tenth of all cases prosecuted in magistrate courts.
Income from commercial enterprises and from overseas sales of its catalogue of programmes has substantially increased over recent years, with BBC Worldwide contributing some £145 million to the BBC's core public service business.
According to the BBC's 2012/13 Annual Report its total income was £5,102.3 million, which can be broken down as follows:
The BBC uses an advertising campaign to inform customers of the requirement to pay the licence fee. These letters and adverts have been criticised by Conservative MPs Boris Johnson and Ann Widdecombe, for having a threatening nature and language used to scare evaders into paying. Audio clips and television broadcasts are used to inform listeners of the BBC's comprehensive database. There are a number of pressure groups campaigning on the issue of the licence fee.
The majority of the BBC's commercial output comes from its commercial arm BBC Worldwide who sell programmes abroad and exploit key brands for merchandise. Of their 2012/13 sales, 27% were centred on the five key 'superbrands' of "Doctor Who", "Top Gear", "Strictly Come Dancing" (known as "Dancing with the Stars" internationally), the BBC's archive of natural history programming (collected under the umbrella of BBC Earth) and the, now sold, travel guide brand Lonely Planet.
Expenditure.
The following expenditure figures are from 2012/13 and show the expenditure of each service they are obliged to provide:
A significantly large portion of the BBC's income is spent on the corporation's Television and Radio services with each service having a different budget based upon their content. BBC Television was based at BBC Television Centre, a purpose built television facility and the second built in the country located in White City, London. This facility has been host to a number of famous guests and programmes through the years, and its name and image is familiar with many British citizens. Nearby, the BBC White City complex contains numerous programme offices, housed in Centre House, the Media Centre and Broadcast Centre. It is in this area around Shepherd's Bush that the majority of BBC employees work.
As part of a major reorganisation of BBC property, the entire BBC News operation relocated from the News Centre at BBC Television Centre to the refurbished Broadcasting House to create what is being described as "one of the world's largest live broadcast centres". The BBC News Channel and BBC World News relocated to the premises in early 2013. Broadcasting House is now also home to most of the BBC's national radio stations, and the BBC World Service. The major part of this plan involves the demolition of the two post-war extensions to the building and construction of an extension designed by Sir Richard MacCormac of MJP Architects. This move will concentrate the BBC's London operations, allowing them to sell Television Centre, which is expected to be completed by 2016.
In addition to the scheme above, the BBC is in the process of making and producing more programmes outside of London involving production centres such as Belfast, Glasgow, Cardiff and, most notably in Greater Manchester as part of the 'BBC North Project' scheme where several major departments, including BBC North West, BBC Manchester, BBC Sports, BBC Children's, CBeebies, Radio 5 Live, BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra, "BBC Breakfast", BBC Learning and the BBC Philharmonic have all moved from their previous locations in either London or New Broadcasting House, Manchester to the new 200 acre (80ha) MediaCityUK production facilities in Salford that form part of the large BBC North Group division and will therefore become the biggest staffing operation outside London.
As well as the two main sites in London (Broadcasting House and White City), there are seven other important BBC production centres in the UK, mainly specialising in different productions. Broadcasting House Cardiff, has been home to BBC Cymru Wales, which specialises in drama production. Open since October 2011, and containing 7 new studios, Roath Lock is notable as the home of productions such as "Doctor Who" and "Casualty". Broadcasting House Belfast, home to BBC Northern Ireland, specialises in original drama and comedy, and has taken part in many co-productions with independent companies and notably with RTÉ in the Republic of Ireland. BBC Scotland, based in Pacific Quay, Glasgow is a large producer of programmes for the network, including several quiz shows. In England, the larger regions also produce some programming.
Previously, the largest 'hub' of BBC programming from the regions is BBC North West. At present they produce all Religious and Ethical programmes on the BBC, as well as other programmes such as "A Question of Sport", however this is to be merged and expanded under the BBC North project, which involved the region moving from New Broadcasting House, Manchester, to MediaCityUK. BBC Midlands, based at The Mailbox in Birmingham, also produces drama and contains the headquarters for the English regions and the BBC's daytime output. Other production centres include Broadcasting House Bristol, home of BBC West and famously the BBC Natural History Unit and to a lesser extent, Quarry Hill in Leeds, home of BBC Yorkshire. There are also many smaller local and regional studios throughout the UK, operating the BBC regional television services and the BBC Local Radio stations.
The BBC also operates several news gathering centres in various locations around the world, which provide news coverage of that region to the national and international news operations.
Technology (Atos service).
In 2004 the BBC contracted out its former BBC Technology division to the German engineering and electronics company Siemens IT Solutions and Services (SIS), outsourcing its IT, telephony and broadcast technology systems. When Atos Origin acquired the SIS division from Siemens in December 2010 for €850 million (£720m), the BBC support contract also passed to Atos, and in July 2011, the BBC announced to staff that its technology support would become an Atos service. Siemens staff working on the BBC contract were transferred to Atos and BBC technology systems (including the BBC website) are now managed by Atos. In 2011 the BBC's Chief Financial Officer Zarin Patel stated to the House of Commons Public Accounts Committee that, following criticism of the BBC's management of major IT projects with Siemens (such as the Digital Media Initiative), the BBC partnership with Atos would be instrumental in achieving cost savings of around £64 million as part of the BBC's "Delivering Quality First" programme. In 2012 the BBC's Chief Technology Officer, John Linwood, expressed confidence in service improvements to the BBC's technology provision brought about by Atos. He also stated that supplier accountability had been strengthened following some high-profile technology failures which had taken place during the partnership with Siemens.
Services.
Television.
The BBC operates several television channels in the UK of which BBC One and BBC Two are the flagship television channels. In addition to these two flagship channels, the BBC operates several digital only stations: BBC Three, BBC Four, BBC News, BBC Parliament, and two children's channels, CBBC and CBeebies. Digital television is now in widespread use in the UK, with analogue transmission completely phased out by December 2012.
BBC One is a regionalised TV service which provides opt-outs throughout the day for local news and other local programming. These variations are more pronounced in the BBC 'Nations', i.e. Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, where the presentation is mostly carried out locally on BBC One and Two, and where programme schedules can vary largely from that of the network. BBC Two variations exist in the Nations, however English regions today rarely have the option to 'opt out' as regional programming now only exists on BBC One, and regional opt outs are not possible in the regions that have already undertaken the switch to digital television. BBC Two was also the first channel to be transmitted on 625 lines in 1964, then carry a small-scale regular colour service from 1967. BBC One would follow in November 1969.
A new Scottish Gaelic television channel, BBC Alba, was launched in September 2008. It is also the first multi-genre channel to come entirely from Scotland with almost all of its programmes made in Scotland. The service was initially only available via satellite but since June 2011 has been available to viewers in Scotland on Freeview and cable television.
The BBC currently operates two HD channels, BBC One HD and BBC Two HD, both high-definition simulcasts of their respective SD channels. Until 26 March 2013, a separate channel called BBC HD was available, in place of BBC Two HD. It launched on 9 June 2006 following a 12-month trial of the broadcasts. It became a proper channel in 2007, and screened HD programmes as simulcasts of the main network, or as repeats. The corporation has been producing programmes in the format for many years, and stated that it hoped to produce 100% of new programmes in HDTV by 2010. On 3 November 2010, a high-definition simulcast of BBC One was launched, entitled BBC One HD, and BBC Two HD launched on 26 March 2013, replacing BBC HD.
In the Republic of Ireland, Belgium, the Netherlands and Switzerland, the BBC channels are available in a number of ways. In these countries digital and cable operators carry a range of BBC channels these include BBC One, BBC Two and BBC World News, although viewers in the Republic of Ireland may receive BBC services via 'overspill' from transmitters in Northern Ireland or Wales, or via 'deflectors' – transmitters in the Republic which rebroadcast broadcasts from the UK, received off-air, or from digital satellite.
Since 1975, the BBC has also provided its TV programmes to the British Forces Broadcasting Service (BFBS), allowing members of UK military serving abroad to watch them on four dedicated TV channels. From 27 March 2013, BFBS will carry versions of BBC One and BBC Two, which will include children's programming from CBBC, as well as carrying programming from BBC Three on a new channel called BFBS Extra.
Since 2008, all the BBC channels are available to watch online through the BBC iPlayer service. This online streaming ability came about following experiments with live streaming, involving streaming certain channels in the UK.
Radio.
The BBC has ten radio stations serving the whole of the UK, a further six stations in the "national regions" (Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland), and 40 other local stations serving defined areas of England. Of the ten national stations, five are major stations and are available on FM and/or AM as well as on DAB and online. These are BBC Radio 1, offering new music and popular styles and being notable for its chart show; BBC Radio 2, playing Adult contemporary, country and soul music amongst many other genres; BBC Radio 3, presenting classical and jazz music together with some spoken-word programming of a cultural nature in the evenings; BBC Radio 4, focusing on current affairs, factual and other speech-based programming, including drama and comedy; and BBC Radio 5 Live, broadcasting 24-hour news, sport and talk programmes.
In addition to these five stations, the BBC also runs a further five stations that broadcast on DAB and online only. These stations supplement and expand on the big five stations, and were launched in 2002. BBC Radio 1Xtra sisters Radio 1, and broadcasts new black music and urban tracks. BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra sisters 5 Live and offers extra sport analysis, including broadcasting sports that previously were not covered. BBC Radio 6 Music offers alternative music genres and is notable as a platform for new artists.
BBC Radio 7, later renamed BBC Radio 4 Extra, provided archive drama, comedy and children's programming. Following the change to Radio 4 Extra, the service has dropped a defined children's strand in favour of family-friendly drama and comedy. In addition, new programmes to complement Radio 4 programmes were introduced such as "Ambridge Extra", and "Desert Island Discs revisited". The final station is the BBC Asian Network, providing music, talk and news to this section of the community. This station evolved out of Local radio stations serving certain areas, and as such this station is available on Medium Wave frequency in some areas of the Midlands.
As well as the national stations, the BBC also provides 40 BBC Local Radio stations in England and the Channel Islands, each named for and covering a particular city and its surrounding area (e.g. BBC Radio Bristol), county or region (e.g. BBC Three Counties Radio), or geographical area (e.g. BBC Radio Solent covering the central south coast). A further six stations broadcast in what the BBC terms "the national regions": Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland. These are BBC Radio Wales (in English), BBC Radio Cymru (in Welsh), BBC Radio Scotland (in English), BBC Radio nan Gaidheal (in Scottish Gaelic), BBC Radio Ulster, and BBC Radio Foyle, the latter being an opt-out station from Radio Ulster for the north-west of Northern Ireland.
The BBC's UK national channels are also broadcast in the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man (although these Crown dependencies are outwith the UK), and in the former there are two local stations – BBC Guernsey and BBC Radio Jersey. There is no BBC local radio station, however, in the Isle of Man, partly because the island has long been served by the popular independent commercial station, Manx Radio, which predates the existence of BBC Local Radio. BBC services in the dependencies are financed from television licence fees which are set at the same level as those payable in the UK, although collected locally. This is the subject of some controversy in the Isle of Man since, as well as having no BBC Local Radio service, the island also lacks a local television news service analogous to that provided by BBC Channel Islands.
For a worldwide audience, the BBC World Service provides news, current affairs and information in 28 languages, including English, around the world and is available in over 150 capital cities. It is broadcast worldwide on shortwave radio, DAB and online and has an estimated weekly audience of 180 million listeners. Since 2005, it is also available on DAB in the UK, a step not taken before, due to the way it is funded. The service is funded by a Parliamentary Grant-in-Aid, administered by the Foreign Office, however following the Governments spending review in 2011, this funding will cease, and it will be funded for the first time through the Licence fee. In recent years, some services of the World Service have been reduced; the Thai service ended in 2006 as did the Eastern European languages, with resources diverted instead into the new BBC Arabic Television.
Historically, the BBC was the only legal radio broadcaster based in the UK mainland until 1967, when University Radio York (URY), then under the name "Radio York", was launched as the first, and now oldest, legal independent radio station in the country. However, the BBC did not enjoy a complete monopoly before this as several Continental stations, such as Radio Luxembourg, had broadcast programmes in English to Britain since the 1930s and the Isle of Man based Manx Radio began in 1964. Today, despite the advent of commercial radio, BBC radio stations remain among the most listened to in the country, with Radio 2 having the largest audience share (up to 16.8% in 2011–12) and Radios 1 and 4 ranked second and third in terms of weekly reach.
BBC programming is also available to other services and in other countries. Since 1943, the BBC has provided radio programming to the British Forces Broadcasting Service, which broadcasts in countries where British troops are stationed. BBC Radio 1 is also carried in the United States and Canada on Sirius XM Radio (online streaming only).
The BBC is a patron of The Radio Academy.
News.
BBC News is the largest broadcast news gathering operation in the world, providing services to BBC domestic radio as well as television networks such as the BBC News, BBC Parliament and BBC World News. In addition to this, news stories are available on the BBC Red Button service and BBC News Online. In addition to this, the BBC has been developing new ways to access BBC News, as a result has launched the service on BBC Mobile, making it accessible to mobile phones and PDAs, as well as developing alerts by e-mail, digital television, and on computers through a desktop alert.
Ratings figures suggest that during major incidents such as the 7 July 2005 London bombings or royal events, the UK audience overwhelmingly turns to the BBC's coverage as opposed to its commercial rivals.
On 7 July 2005, the day that there were a series of coordinated bomb blasts on London's public transport system, the BBC Online website recorded an all time bandwidth peak of 11 Gb/s at 12:00 on 7 July. BBC News received some 1 billion total hits on the day of the event (including all images, text and HTML), serving some 5.5 terabytes of data. At peak times during the day there were 40,000 page requests per second for the BBC News website. The previous day's announcement of the 2012 Olympics being awarded to London caused a peak of around 5 Gbit/s. The previous all-time high at BBC Online was caused by the announcement of the Michael Jackson verdict, which used 7.2 Gbit/s.
Internet.
The BBC's online presence includes a comprehensive news website and archive. It was launched as BBC Online, before being renamed BBCi, then bbc.co.uk, before it was rebranded back as BBC Online. The website is funded by the Licence fee, but uses GeoIP technology, allowing advertisements to be carried on the site when viewed outside of the UK. The BBC claims the site to be "Europe's most popular content-based site" and states that 13.2 million people in the UK visit the site's more than two million pages each day. According to Alexa's TrafficRank system, in July 2008 BBC Online was the 27th most popular English Language website in the world, and the 46th most popular overall.
The centre of the website is the Homepage, which features a modular layout. Users can choose which modules, and which information, is displayed on their homepage, allowing the user to customise it. This system was first launched in December 2007, becoming permanent in February 2008, and has undergone a few aesthetical changes since then. The Homepage then has links to other micro-sites, such as BBC News Online, Sport, Weather, TV and Radio. As part of the site, every programme on BBC Television or Radio is given its own page, with bigger programmes getting their own micro-site, and as a result it is often common for viewers and listeners to be told website addresses (URLs) for the programme website.
Another large part of the site also allows users to watch and listen to most Television and Radio output live and for seven days after broadcast using the BBC iPlayer platform, which launched on 27 July 2007, and initially used peer-to-peer and DRM technology to deliver both radio and TV content of the last seven days for offline use for up to 30 days, since then video is now streamed directly. Also, through participation in the Creative Archive Licence group, bbc.co.uk allowed legal downloads of selected archive material via the internet.
The BBC has often included learning as part of its online service, running services such as BBC Jam, Learning Zone Class Clips and also runs services such as BBC WebWise and First Click which are designed to teach people how to use the internet. BBC Jam was a free online service, delivered through broadband and narrowband connections, providing high-quality interactive resources designed to stimulate learning at home and at school. Initial content was made available in January 2006 however BBC Jam was suspended on 20 March 2007 due to allegations made to the European Commission that it was damaging the interests of the commercial sector of the industry.
In recent years some major on-line companies and politicians have complained that BBC Online receives too much funding from the television licence, meaning that other websites are unable to compete with the vast amount of advertising-free on-line content available on BBC Online. Some have proposed that the amount of licence fee money spent on BBC Online should be reduced—either being replaced with funding from advertisements or subscriptions, or a reduction in the amount of content available on the site. In response to this the BBC carried out an investigation, and has now set in motion a plan to change the way it provides its online services. BBC Online will now attempt to fill in gaps in the market, and will guide users to other websites for currently existing market provision. (For example, instead of providing local events information and timetables, users will be guided to outside websites already providing that information.)
Part of this plan included the BBC closing some of its websites, and rediverting money to redevelop other parts.
On 26 February 2010 The Times claimed that Mark Thompson, Director General of the BBC, proposed that the BBC's web output should be cut by 50%, with online staff numbers and budgets reduced by 25% in a bid to scale back BBC operations and allow commercial rivals more room. On 2 March 2010, the BBC reported that it will cut its website spending by 25% and close BBC 6 Music and Asian Network, as part of Mark Thompson's plans to make "a smaller, fitter BBC for the digital age".
Interactive television.
BBC Red Button is the brand name for the BBC's interactive digital television services, which are available through Freeview (digital terrestrial), as well as Freesat, Sky (satellite), and Virgin Media (cable). Unlike Ceefax, the service's analogue counterpart, BBC Red Button is able to display full-colour graphics, photographs, and video, as well as programmes and can be accessed from any BBC channel. The service carries News, Weather and Sport 24 hours a day, but also provides extra features related to programmes specific at that time. Examples include viewers to play along at home to gameshows, to give, voice and vote on opinions to issues, as used alongside programmes such as "Question Time". At some points in the year, when multiple sporting events occur, some coverage of less mainstream sports or games are frequently placed on the Red Button for viewers to watch. Frequently, other features are added unrelated to programmes being broadcast at that time, such as the broadcast of the "Doctor Who" animated episode "Dreamland" in November 2009.
Music.
The BBC employs staff orchestras, a choir, and supports two amateur choruses, based in BBC venues across the UK; the BBC Symphony Orchestra, the BBC Singers, BBC Symphony Chorus and BBC Big Band based in London, the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra in Glasgow, the BBC Philharmonic in Manchester, the BBC Concert Orchestra based in Watford and the BBC National Orchestra of Wales in Cardiff. It also buys a selected number of broadcasts from the Ulster Orchestra in Belfast. Many famous musicians of every genre have played at the BBC, such as The Beatles ("The Beatles Live at the BBC" is one of their many albums). The BBC is also responsible for the United Kingdom coverage of the Eurovision Song Contest, a show with which the broadcaster has been associated for over 50 years. The BBC also operates the division of BBC Audiobooks sometimes found in association with Chivers Audiobooks.
Other.
The BBC operates in other ventures in addition to their broadcasting arm. In addition to broadcasting output on television and radio, some programmes are also displayed on the BBC Big Screens located in several central city locations. The BBC and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office also jointly run BBC Monitoring, which monitors radio, television, the press and the internet worldwide. The BBC also developed several computers throughout the 1980s, most notably the BBC Micro, which ran alongside the corporation's educational aims and programming.
In 1951, in conjunction with Oxford University Press the BBC published "The BBC Hymn Book" which was intended to be used for listeners on the radio, to follow hymns which were broadcast. The book was published both with and without music, the music edition being entitled "The BBC Hymn Book with Music". The book contained 542 popular hymns.
Commercial activities.
BBC Worldwide Limited is the wholly owned commercial subsidiary of the BBC responsible for the commercial exploitation of BBC programmes and other properties, including a number of television stations throughout the world. It was formed following the restructuring of its predecessor, BBC Enterprises, in 1995.
The company owns and administers a number of commercial stations around the world operating in a number of territories and on a number of different platforms. The channel BBC Entertainment shows current and archive entertainment programming to viewers in Europe, Africa, Asia and the Middle East, with the BBC Worldwide channels BBC America and BBC Canada (Joint venture with Shaw Media) showing similar programming in the North America region and UKTV in the Australasia region. The company also airs two channels aimed at children, an international CBeebies channel and BBC Kids, a joint venture with Knowledge Network Corporation, which airs programmes under the CBeebies and BBC K brands. The company also runs the channels BBC Knowledge, broadcasting factual and learning programmes, and BBC Lifestyle, broadcasting programmes based on themes of Food, Style and Wellbeing. In addition to this, BBC Worldwide runs an international version of the channel BBC HD, and provides HD simulcasts of the channels BBC Knowledge and BBC America.
BBC Worldwide also distributes the 24-hour international news channel BBC World News. The station is separate from BBC Worldwide to maintain the station's neutral point of view, but is distributed by BBC Worldwide. The channel itself is the oldest surviving entity of its kind, and has bases and correspondents in over 200 countries. As officially surveyed it is available to more than 274 million households, significantly more than CNN's estimated 200 million.
In addition to these international channels, BBC Worldwide also owns, together with Scripps Networks Interactive, the UKTV network of ten channels. These channels contain BBC archive programming to be rebroadcast on their respective channels: Alibi, drama; Blighty, British-oriented; Dave (slogan: "The Home of Witty Banter"); Eden, nature; Gold, comedy; Good Food, cookery; Home, home and garden; Really, female programming; Watch, entertainment and Yesterday, history programming.
In addition to these channels, many BBC programmes are sold via BBC Worldwide to foreign television stations with comedy, documentaries and historical drama productions being the most popular. In addition, BBC television news appears nightly on many Public Broadcasting Service stations in the United States, as do reruns of BBC programmes such as "EastEnders", and in New Zealand on TV One.
In addition to programming, BBC Worldwide produces material to accompany programmes. The company maintained the publishing arm of the BBC, and is currently the third-largest publisher of consumer magazines in the United Kingdom. BBC Magazines, formerly known as BBC Publications, publishes the "Radio Times" as well as a number of magazines that support BBC programming such as "BBC Top Gear", "BBC Good Food", "BBC Sky at Night", "BBC History", "BBC Wildlife" and "BBC Music". This department included independent magazine publisher Origin Publishing, which BBC Worldwide owned between 2004 and 2006.
BBC Worldwide also publishes books, to accompany programmes such as "Doctor Who" under the BBC Books brand, and also owns the biggest travel guidebook and digital media publisher in the world, Lonely Planet. Soundtrack albums, talking books and sections of radio broadcasts are also sold under the brand BBC Records, with DVDs also being sold and licensed in large quantities to consumers both in the UK and abroad under the 2 Entertain brand. Archive programming and classical music recordings are sold under the brand BBC Legends.
Unions.
Staff at the BBC are normally represented by BECTU, along with journalistic staff by the NUJ and electrical staff by Unite. Union membership is optional, and is paid for by staff members, not by the BBC; staff are not automatically covered by a union.
Cultural significance.
Until the development, popularisation, and domination of television, radio was the broadcast medium upon which people in the United Kingdom relied. It "reached into every home in the land, and simultaneously united the nation, an important factor during the Second World War". The BBC introduced the world's first "high-definition" 405-line television service in 1936, and apart from suspending service throughout World War II until 1946, was the only television broadcaster in the UK until 1955. "The BBC's monopoly was broken in 1955, with the introduction of Independent Television (ITV)". This heralded the transformation of television into a popular and dominant medium. Nevertheless, "throughout the 1950s radio still remained the dominant source of broadcast comedy". Further, the BBC was the only legal radio broadcaster until 1968 (when URY obtained their first licence).
Even since the advent of commercial television and radio, the BBC has remained one of the main elements in British popular culture through its obligation to produce TV and radio programmes for mass audiences. However, the arrival of BBC2 allowed the BBC also to make programmes for minority interests in drama, documentaries, current affairs, entertainment and sport. Examples are cited such as "I, Claudius", "Civilisation", "Tonight", "Monty Python's Flying Circus", "Doctor Who" and "Pot Black", but other examples can be given in each of these fields as shown by the BBC's entries in the British Film Institute's 2000 list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes. The export of BBC programmes through both services like the BBC World Service and BBC World News, as well as the channels operated by BBC Worldwide mean that BBC productions can now be experienced worldwide.
The term BBC English is sometimes used as an alternative name for Received Pronunciation, and the English Pronouncing Dictionary uses the term "BBC Pronunciation" for its recommendations. However, the organisation now makes more use of regional accents in order to reflect the diversity of the UK, though clarity and fluency are still expected of presenters. From its "starchy" beginnings, the BBC has also become more inclusive, and now attempts to accommodate the interests of all strata of society and all minorities, because they all pay the licence fee.
Competition from Independent Television, Channel 4, Sky, and other broadcast television stations has lessened the BBC's influence, but public broadcasting remains a major influence on British popular culture.
Attitudes toward the BBC in popular culture.
Older domestic UK audiences often refer to the BBC as "the Beeb", a nickname originally coined by Peter Sellers on "The Goon Show" in the 1950s, when he referred to the "Beeb Beeb Ceeb". It was then borrowed, shortened and popularised by Kenny Everett. Another nickname, now less commonly used, is "Auntie", said to originate from the old-fashioned "Auntie knows best" attitude (but possibly a reference to the "aunties" and "uncles" who were presenters of children's programmes in early days) in the days when John Reith, the BBC's first director general, was in charge. The two nicknames have also been used together as "Auntie Beeb", and Auntie has been used in out-take programmes such as "Auntie's Bloomers".
Criticism and controversies.
The BBC has faced various accusations regarding many topics: the Iraq war, politics, ethics and religion, as well as funding and staffing. It also has been involved in numerous controversies because of its different, sometimes very controversial coverage of specific news stories and programming.
2012 crisis over child abuse scandals.
On 23 October 2012, George Entwistle, the BBC Director-General, appeared before the Parliamentary Culture, Media and Sport Committee to answer questions following allegations that Jimmy Savile had abused children on BBC property while he worked for the BBC. When asked by John Whittingdale, the Committee chairman, if the BBC's reputation for trust and integrity was in jeopardy, Entwistle stated that allegations of child abuse at the BBC were a "very, very grave matter". During a "Panorama" investigation, the team discovered what they considered to have been a paedophile ring that may have operated for at least twenty years and possibly as long as forty years. In the "Panorama" programme, BBC Foreign Affairs Editor, John Simpson described it as the BBC's "biggest crisis for over 50 years".
In the aftermath of the Jimmy Savile scandal, "Newsnight" investigated the North Wales child abuse scandal. On 2 November 2012, a former resident of the Bryn Estyn children's home was reported on "Newsnight" claiming that a prominent, but unnamed, former Conservative politician had sexually abused him during the 1970s. Rumours on Twitter and other social media named the politician after "The Guardian" reported a possible case of mistaken identity, he issued a strong denial that he was in any way involved, and stated that the allegations were wholly false and seriously defamatory. The accuser unreservedly apologised, stating that as soon as he saw a photograph of the individual he realised that he had been mistaken. The BBC also apologised.
The decision to broadcast the "Newsnight" report, without contacting the person first, led to further criticism of the BBC, and the resignation of its Director-General, George Entwistle, on 10 November. It was later announced that Entwistle's severance package was in excess of £1.3 million. Harriet Harman, Labour's Shadow Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, declared that Entwistle had been rewarded for 'failure'. Following Entwistle's resignation, Lord Patten, Chairman of the BBC Trust, called for a "thorough, radical, structural overhaul" of the organisation. Former broadcaster Martin Bell called the crisis at the BBC "catastrophic" stating it would take years for the institution to recover.
In March 2013, it was reported that the Police were investigating a paedophile ring within "EastEnders" that happened during the 1980s and 1990s. This allegation turned out to be untrue. A similar allegation has been made in a book by Richard Marson claiming that John Nathan-Turner, the producer of "Doctor Who" (and his colleague/partner), used their positions for inappropriate sexual behaviour (including assault) towards adolescent male fans of the series in the 1980s.
A report, "Respect at Work", was published at the beginning of May 2013. Human rights barrister Dinah Rose QC and her team found 37 alleged cases (by 35 people) of sexual harassment between April 2006 and November 2012. According to this document, there was a "climate of anxiety and fear", senior staff accused of sexual harassment were promoted, gagging clauses prevented concerned employees speaking out, but bullying of staff by their superiors was thought to be more prevalent with senior management believed to be erratic in dealing with the issue. Current Director-General of the BBC, Tony Hall announced new measures at the time of the report's publication. Rose later blamed aspects of the current broadcasting industry for incidents of bullying.

</doc>
<doc id="19344667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344667" title="Taifa of Jerez">
Taifa of Jerez

The Taifa of Jerez was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southern Spain in 1145, until it was conquered by the Almohads.

</doc>
<doc id="19344669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344669" title="Margaret Howe (squash player)">
Margaret Howe (squash player)

Margaret Allen Howe (1897–1989) was an American pioneer in women's squash. She won the U.S. Women's Squash Singles National Championship in 1929, 1932 and 1934 after giving birth to a son, William Francis Howe, Jr, in 1922 and twin daughters (and future squash champions) Betty and Peggy in 1924.
Her husband, William "Bill" Francis Howe, Sr., encouraged her to play, and she played under the name Mrs. William F. Howe. In 1929, Howe organized and won the first sanctioned women's squash tournament in the United States. The intercollegiate Howe Cup was created by Margaret and her daughter, Betty, then Princeton University Women's Varsity Squash Coach; Margaret donated the permanent trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="19344681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344681" title="Canton of Bolbec">
Canton of Bolbec

The Canton of Bolbec is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
An area of farming, quarrying and light industry in the arrondissement of Le Havre, centred on the town of Bolbec. The altitude varies from 12m (Gruchet-le-Valasse) to 154m (Beuzevillette) for an average altitude of 118m.
Composition.
The Canton of Bolbec comprises 16 communes and a total of 24,475 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19344691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344691" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's 10 metre air pistol

Women's 10 metre air pistol was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Olga Klochneva won the event on a new Olympic record, and the defending champion, Marina Logvinenko, completed the Russian double by defeating Mariya Grozdeva in a shoot-off for the silver medal.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19344692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344692" title="Nathaniel Curzon, 2nd Baron Scarsdale">
Nathaniel Curzon, 2nd Baron Scarsdale

Nathaniel Curzon, 2nd Baron Scarsdale (27 September 1752 – 1837) was an English Tory politician and peer.
Curzon was the son of Nathaniel Curzon, 1st Lord Scarsdale of Kedleston Hall, and his wife Lady Carolina Colyear, daughter of Charles, Earl of Portmore.
Curzon was elected as Member of Parliament for Derbyshire in 1775 and held the seat until 1784. In 1804 he succeeded his father to the title Lord Scarsdale.
Curzon married, in July 1777 Sophia-Susanna, daughter of Edward, Viscount Wentworth, there were 3 children of the marriage. After her death in 1782 he re-married at Hamburg in 1798 to Felicite Anne Josephe de Wattines and they had another ten children.
His eldest son Nathaniel succeeded to the title and became Lord Scarsdale.

</doc>
<doc id="19344694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344694" title="2008 Morelia grenade attacks">
2008 Morelia grenade attacks

The 2008 Morelia grenade attacks took place on 15 September 2008 on the occasion of the Mexican Independence Day anniversary when thousands of people were gathered in the Plaza Melchor Ocampo, the main square of the Mexican city of Morelia, Michoacán. Shortly after the Grito in that city, led by Governor Leonel Godoy, two grenades were thrown into the crowds, killing at least eight people and injuring more than 100.
The attacks.
The first blast was reported shortly after 23:00, on the Plaza itself, as the governor was intoning the traditional "vivas" to the heroes of the nation; the second took place some minutes later, in a sidestreet located four blocks away.
Two further explosions were reported in the immediate aftermath: one at 01:00, leaving the city along the highway to Salamanca, Guanajuato; and a fourth at 01:15, in the Santa María district in the vicinity of Morelia's bandera monumental.
Suspects.
The police have blamed drug cartels for the grenade attacks, specifically the La Familia Michoacana gang. La Familia has denied it and instead blamed Los Zetas. A week after the attacks, police arrested three men of the Los Zetas gang accused of throwing the grenades.
Context.
Morelia is the home town of President Felipe Calderón of the PAN, although the state of Michocán has traditionally been controlled by the opposition PRI and PRD. Michoacán has, since Calderón took office, been one of the federal government's focal points in its anti-drug efforts and initial suspicions indicated that the atrocity was probably the work of the drugs cartels, either part of a battle for territory or as a warning to the government. Condemnation of the incident across the country was unanimous, as such tactics of the drug lords in attacking random citizen congregations was unprecedented in Mexican history.

</doc>
<doc id="19344711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344711" title="Estêvão Cardoso de Avellar">
Estêvão Cardoso de Avellar

Estêvão Cardoso de Avellar (November 4, 1917 – December 3, 2009) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Cardoso de Avella was born in Três Corações, Brazil, and was ordained a priest on October 6, 1946. He was appointed Coadjutor Prelate of the Diocese of Marabá along with being appointed Titular bishop of Eucarpia on August 6, 1971, and then ordained on September 26, 1971. On March 27, 1976 he was appointed prelate of Diocese of Santíssima Conceição do Araguaia. His final appointment came on March 20, 1978, to the Diocese of Uberlândia, where he retired from on December 23, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19344713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344713" title="Kitutu Masaba Constituency">
Kitutu Masaba Constituency

Kitutu Masaba is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Nyamira District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19344716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344716" title="The Hyacinth Macaw">
The Hyacinth Macaw

The Hyacinth Macaw is a play written by American playwright Mac Wellman, currently the Donald I. Fine Professor of Play Writing at Brooklyn College, New York City. The New York Times described it as an "entertainingly immoderate portrait of America adrift" It is the second in a series of four Wellman plays called the "Crowtet", along with A Murder of Crows, Second Hand Smoke, and The Lesser Magoo.

</doc>
<doc id="19344725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344725" title="Steven O'Donnell (actor)">
Steven O'Donnell (actor)

Steven O'Donnell (born 19 May 1963 in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is an English actor.
Before O'Donnell becoming an actor he spent five years working at Charing Cross Hospital as a Scientific Officer in a medical laboratory. He has appeared in several comedies with Rik Mayall including "The Comic Strip" and "Bottom". and the film Guest House Paradiso. He also starred in various advertisements in the United Kingdom for Sega in the mid-'90s for systems such as the Mega Drive, Master System and Game Gear.

</doc>
<doc id="19344729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344729" title="Wade Chapman">
Wade Chapman

Wade Chapman (born 3 January 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s. 
Chapman is often remembered for being the player that passed the ball to Tony Lockett in the 1996 Preliminary Final against Essendon, resulting in the full-forward's after the siren heroics. He was on the wing in the Grand Final but could only manage seven disposals. In subsequent seasons Chapman was hampered by injuries, particularly with his groin, and he left the club in 1999. Although picked up by Port Adelaide in the draft that year, he did not play a senior game for them.
Chapman joined the Drysdale Football Club in 2007 as their playing coach, subsequently ending the club's 24 year premiership drought by winning the Bellarine Football League Title in 2009. He led the Hawks to a second consecutive premiership in 2010, again defeating the Geelong Amateur's in the grand final. Late in 2010, Chapman took up a position as the senior assistant and midfield coach with the Werribee Tigers in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19344746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344746" title="Byramjee Jeejeebhoy">
Byramjee Jeejeebhoy

Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Esq., CSI (1822-1890) was a wealthy businessman and philanthropist who founded several education institutions in Mumbai. The Byramjee Jeejeebhoy College and the Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Parsee Charitable Institution in Charni Road, South Mumbai, as well as Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Medical College in Pune are three of the notable schools and colleges founded by him. In October 1830, the British East India Company leased Byramee seven villages between Jogeshwari and Borivili, that totalled over . Also given to Byramjee was Land's End, Bandra, a cape with the Bandra Fort that became known as the Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Point for an annual rent of Rs. 2800 . Byramjee built a beautiful, large mansion as his personal home on the hill overlooking the fort.
Bandstand Road.
Byramjee Jeejeebhoy built a road parallel to the sea in Bandra named as Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Road which runs from St. Andrews to Lands End, was built by Byramjee Jeejebhoy at his own expense and opened to public in 1878. A stone recording this event can still be seen at the junction of Jeejeebhoy Road and Bhaba Road in Bandra.
Today, the Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Private Limited is the fifth largest land owner in the city, owning about of land mostly in the marshy wetlands of Malad. Over the past forty years, much of the land has been sold, mostly to builders or ceded to the government for housing projects. A horse racing prize, the Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Eclipse Stakes Of India, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19344752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344752" title="Sooth (chutney)">
Sooth (chutney)

Saunth (or sooth), is a sweet chutney used in Indian chaats. It is made from dried ginger ("sooth") and "imli" (tamarind) paste, hence the name. The chutney is brownish-red in colour.
Modern sooth is often made with dates. However, sooth made with dried ginger adds a special flavour to the chaat and is preferred in most parts of North India.

</doc>
<doc id="19344759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344759" title="Lee Hookey">
Lee Hookey

Lee Hookey (born in New South Wales) is an Australian rugby league player, who at club level has played for South Sydney Rabbitohs (twice), St. George Illawarra Dragons, and Penrith Panthers, playing at .

</doc>
<doc id="19344818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344818" title="Peggy White">
Peggy White

Peggy Howe White (born 8 November 1924) is an American pioneer in women's squash.
She was born in Natick, Massachusetts to William Francis Howe and Margaret Howe, a squash pioneer. Her twin sister Betty Constable also went on to be a champion.
White won the national championship in 1952 and 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19344822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344822" title="Convent (disambiguation)">
Convent (disambiguation)

A convent is a community of priests, religious brothers, religious sisters or nuns, or the building used by such a community.
Convent may also refer to:
Convento is a Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese word meaning "convent". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19344840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344840" title="Differential tariff">
Differential tariff

Differential tariff is an example of demand side management where the price per unit of energy varies with the consumption. If a power utility uses differential tariff, it may change the rate per kWH of energy used during different times, such as raising the price during times of high energy consumption and lowering the price during times of low energy consumption. This helps balance the rate at which power is used and the rate at which power is created.
Background.
A differential tariff creates a balance in production and consumption of power by utilizing customer demand. For instance, if there is time where energy is being used faster than can be supplied, a differential tariff can be used: raising the price at that specific time to balance load on the system.
Differential Tariff.
To implement the above mentioned method of flattening the load curve, this technique is employed. As the load decreases and increases, the supplier must install his equipment in a way which will be capable of supplying the peak consumer load. During low periods, the equipment will be underutilized, thereby decreasing the energy efficiency of the equipment. Therefore the supplier will try to ensure that the equipment is used at its rated capacity so as not to waste resources, which cost money. With this type of tariff, the consumer will try to consume more energy during the low periods and avoid energy consumption during peak hours because they are more expensive.

</doc>
<doc id="19344841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344841" title="Taifa of Silves">
Taifa of Silves

The Taifa of Silves was a Muslim taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southern Portugal for two distinct periods: from 1027 to 1063, and again from 1145 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohads.
The "taifa" occupied the westernmost part of the presently Portuguese region of Algarve, near Cape St. Vincent, with its capital in Silves. Starting from 1048, the power was held by the family of the Banu Muzayn, including three emirs: Isa II al-Muzaffar (1048–1053), Muhammad II al-Nasir (1053–1058) e Isa III al-Muzaffar (1058–1063). Under the latter the kingdom was conquered by the more powerful taifa of Seville, led by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.
During the so-called second taifa period which followed the fall of the Almoravid Empire, Silves was the seat of a second, ephimeral taifa, which lasted from 1145 to 1150, when it was conquered by the Almohads.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19344844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344844" title="Linck">
Linck

Linck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19344855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344855" title="Cobra Golf">
Cobra Golf

Cobra Golf, based in Carlsbad, California, is an American manufacturer of golf equipment which is currently a subsidiary of the Puma company of Germany, which in turn is part of the French company Kering.
Founded in 1973 by Thomas L. Crow, Cobra produced one of the first utility clubs, the Baffler, long before the use of such clubs became popular. The company was acquired in 1996 by American Brands Inc. and was grouped together under the Acushnet Company umbrella along with the company's other golf brands, Titleist, FootJoy, and Pinnacle Golf. Cobra was acquired by Puma SE in March 2010.
Sponsorship deals.
Cobra has sponsorship deals with many tour professionals. In the past Cobra had a successful relationship with former world number one Greg Norman.
PGA & European Tours
LPGA Tour
Golf Clubs.
Cobra markets a full range of golf clubs.
Drivers
Fairways
Utilities
Irons
Wedges
Putters

</doc>
<doc id="19344873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344873" title="Alexey Khovrin">
Alexey Khovrin

Aleksey Khovrin (; born June 10, 1973) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Kazakhstan. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where he was disqualified with the Men's 4x100m Freestyle Relay Team, alongside Sergey Borisenko, Sergey Ushkalov, and Aleksey Yegorov.

</doc>
<doc id="19344879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344879" title="Central Imenti Constituency">
Central Imenti Constituency

Central Imenti is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Meru Central District. It has eight wards, all of which elect councillors for the Meru Central County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19344908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344908" title="Ayam (cap)">
Ayam (cap)

An ayam is a Korean traditional winter cap mostly worn by women in the Joseon period (1392 – 1910) for protection against the cold. It is also called aegeom which literally means "covering a forehead" in Korean. There is a historical record which mentions that officials in a low class called "iseo" (이서, ) wore "ayam" in the early Joseon period, so it was a unisex cap. However, it is not clear whether the shape at that time was identical to that of the later period. During the late Joseon period, an "ayam" was usually worn by female commoners. Especially in the western part of Korea, "kisaeng" (female Korean entertainers) commonly wore an "ayam", and they were also worn as a simple formal headgear.
Composition.
The "ayam" generally consists of "mobu" (모부, a crown) and "deurim" (드림) which are shaped like "daenggi" (댕기) or a big ribbon. The upper 4–5 cm part of the "mobu" is finely quilted, the vertical line of the front shorter than the back's. On the bottom edge, the front part is more curved than the back. In addition, the vertical lines of the front and back are a little curvy, so that, when wearing an "ayam", it fits well to one's head. Black or purple silk is used for the upper quilted part of the outer fabric, while black or dark brown fur is used for the rest of the "mobu". The fabric for the inner is red cotton flannel.
The tassel attached to the upper center of both front and back is mostly red in color and the strings connected from both sides are all flat braids. However, some "ayam" worn by "kisaeng" were very luxuriously adorned with big and sumptuous jewels, such as jade, amber, or orpiment, on the tassels of both sides.
There are two types of "deurim" hung on the back of "ayam". One is made with two sheets of fabric in a 9–10 cm width which are linked together lightly. The other is made of one sheet of fabric in an 18–20 cm width, with the center folded. On the center line of the "deurim" are decorations of jade, amber, and others gems, and the length is usually over 100 cm. The "ayam" worn for spring and autumn has the same shape as the one for winter, but it is made of a lighter silk.

</doc>
<doc id="19344935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344935" title="The Astaire Story">
The Astaire Story

The Astaire Story is a 1952 album by Fred Astaire. The album was conceived of and produced by Norman Granz, the founder of Clef Records (and later Verve Records), who was also responsible for the Jazz at the Philharmonic concerts, at which all of the musicians on the album had performed.
Content and reception.
The album's song selection provides an overview of Astaire's singing career although Astaire also demonstrates his tap dancing on three tracks and there is one informal instrumental Jam session. Some later LP and CD re-issues add two versions of Oscar Peterson's instrumental "The Astaire Blues."
Oscar Peterson spoke warmly of the sessions that produced "The Astaire Story" in his autobiography, noting that vocally, Astaire was not naturally attuned to Jazz phrasing, and that Astaire enjoyed playing the drums at home. Astaire gave each of the musicians on the album a gold identification bracelet, inscribed 'With thanks, Fred A'. Ray Brown lost his bracelet, Alvin Stoller's was stolen, but Peterson wore his for the rest of his life.
"The Astaire Story" won the Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 1999, which is a special Grammy award established in 1973 to honor recordings that are at least twenty-five years old, and that have "qualitative or historical significance."
Release history.
A deluxe four LP box set was produced of "The Astaire Story", in a strictly limited edition of 1,384 copies, each one hand signed by Astaire and the artist David Stone Martin, who contributed original drawings and paintings to the album. In addition to the limited edition boxed set, each of the 4 LPs was released individually and the complete session was later re-issued in a 3 LP (1978) and a 2 CD (1988) edition. Verve has also released several single-disc compilations of selected tracks from this 1952 session – "Mr. Top Hat"; "The Irving Berlin Songbook"; "Steppin' Out: Astaire Sings". In the EU, after the original recording's performers'/producers' rights expired, additional European releases appeared under different names, e.g. "Jazz Time" (Proper) 2003; "Oscar Peterson and Fred Astaire: Complete Norman Granz Sessions" (Jazz Factory) 2005.
Personnel.
Recorded at Radio Recorders, Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, December, 1952:

</doc>
<doc id="19344938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344938" title="Jay R. Moyer">
Jay R. Moyer

Jay R. Moyer is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 70th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006 and was defeated in the 2008 election.
Moyer served as a Township Supervisor in Lower Salford Township until 1989 when he was appointed as acting Treasurer of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania to fill the vacancy left when Floriana Bloss joined the County Board of Commissioners. Moyer was re-elected to full terms in 1991 and 1995.
After leaving the treasurer's post in 2000, Moyer went on to serve under Governor Tom Ridge as the southeast regional director of the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue and deputy secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection. Prior to his election, Moyer was the regional representative for the deputy secretary of the United States Department of Education.
In 2006, Moyer ran for the House seat being vacated by retiring Rep. John Fichter. He defeated Philip Heilman in the Republican primary election and won a close 103-vote victory in the general election over Democrat Netta Young Hughes.
He was defeated for re-election in the 2008 general election.
Moyer served in the United States Air Force from 1966–1970, achieving the rank of sergeant. He went on to graduate from Syracuse University and attended graduate school at Temple University. Moyer was also a Vice President of his family's business, Moyer Electric. He resides in Lower Salford Township with his wife. They have one grown daughter, Christine, a reporter who lives in the Chicago area.

</doc>
<doc id="19344977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344977" title="OpenH323">
OpenH323

The OpenH323 project had as its goal the development of a full featured, open source (MPL) implementation of the H.323 Voice over IP protocol. The code was written in C++ and, through the development effort of numerous people around the world, supported a broad subset of the H.323 protocol. The software has since been integrated into a number of open source and commercial software products.
The project was forked into two new projects in October 2007. Each of these projects has a different focus:
History.
Initial work commenced on OpenH323 in 1998, although the underlying abstraction library (then called PWLib, now called PTLib) had been in existence since 1992. This work was performed under the banner of an Australian company called Equivalence Pty Ltd which consisted of two developers, Craig Southeren and Robert Jongbloed.
Both PWLib and OpenH323 were released as open source software under MPL license in late 1998, and the openh323.org domain name was first registered at this time. The code was made available via a private server at that domain. Coding on a derivative of OpenH323 (the Open Phone Abstraction Library or OPAL) started in late 1999 and was released under the same license and from the same website and CVS repository.
In early 2000, Robert and Craig sold Equivalence Pty Ltd and the rights to the openh323.org domain name to a US company called Quicknet Technologies Inc. They were also employed by Quicknet to support OpenH323 and to develop associated software. The OpenH323 CVS and mailing list was moved to a new server managed by Quicknet.
The OpenH323 CVS was moved to SourceForge in May 2003. Robert and Craig ceased employment with Quicknet in June 2003.
In October 2007, PWLib was renamed to PTLib. The OPAL and PTLib repositories were migrated to Subversion and maintenance of these codebases was moved to the SourceForge opalvoip project. A fork of OpenH323 called H323Plus was created at the same time and was moved to the SourceForge H323Plus project.
There is no known development currently active on the OpenH323 codebase.

</doc>
<doc id="19344993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344993" title="Filip Videnov">
Filip Videnov

Filip Videnov (born June 12, 1980) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player. He currently plays for Krasnye Krylia. He is also a longtime member of the Bulgarian national team. 
Videnov played college basketball in the US at Western Kentucky University for Dennis Felton. He was recruited to WKU by former assistant coach Ken McDonald. He played high school basketball at Washington College Academy in Limestone, Tennessee. 

</doc>
<doc id="19344997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19344997" title="Germaine Richier">
Germaine Richier

Germaine Richier (16 September 1902 – 21 July 1959) was a French sculptor.
Born in Grans, Richier began her studies at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Montpellier, in the atelier of Louis-Jacques Guigues; in 1926 she went to work with Antoine Bourdelle, remaining in his studio until his death in 1929. There she became acquainted with Alberto Giacometti, although the two were never close. Richier for her part was more interested in a classical approach to sculpture, preferring to work from a live model and then reworking the final product. She also met César Baldaccini at this stage in her career. She married Otto Bänninger on 12 December 1929. In 1936, she won the Prix Blumenthal.
During the war, she met Marino Marini, in exile in Switzerland.
Richier's early work was fantastic, combining classical forms with human-animal hybrids and depicting creatures such as the spider and the hydra. Her style became less figurative after World War II; the bodily deformations which she favored as subjects were more accentuated in an attempt to convey a greater sense of anguish.
The greatest controversy surrounding Richier's work came about with her creation of a statue of Christ for the church of Notre-Dame de Toute Grâce du Plateau d'Assy. Meant to depict the physical and spiritual torment of Christ, the sculpture was ordered removed from sight by the bishop of Annecy. This event was the catalyst for a great argument about the nature and role of sacred art which took place throughout the 1950s, during which many artists found themselves opposed to the traditional role of religious and academic art. Some have also described the controversy as a debate over the nature of God in modern society. 
Richier, for her part, gained some notoriety from the entire business, but seemed to retreat into obscurity again before her death in 1959.
Retrospectives of her work were held at the Peggy Guggenheim Collection, and the Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul, Alpes-Maritimes.
Her works are in the Tuileries Garden, Musée Fabre, and the Tate Collection.
Richier was celebrated on a postage stamp issued by La Poste in 1993 as part of a commemorative series depicting artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19345002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345002" title="Kevin Dyson (Australian footballer)">
Kevin Dyson (Australian footballer)

Kevin Dyson (born 4 May 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s. 
Dyson, recruited to Melbourne from Oakleigh, was a consistent performer in his debut AFL season. Playing mostly as a centreman, he appeared in five finals matches while at Melbourne and made his first and only Grand Final when he crossed to Sydney in 1996.
He retired after the 1997 season, due to his job with an electronics and computer company required him to often travel and preventing him from being able to train full time. He remained in Sydney after retiring from playing, and has recently been involved in setting up a football academy for the Swans.

</doc>
<doc id="19345038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345038" title="Tom Hurst">
Tom Hurst

Thomas William "Tom" Hurst (23 September 1987) is an English footballer who is currently unattached.
Career.
Hurst was born on 23 September 1987 in Leicester, Leicestershire and started his career with Boston United and played for one game for them in the Football League, a 4–2 defeat to Rushden & Diamonds on 16 April 2005. He could only feature for the youth team during the 2005–06 season, and made 20 appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19345052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345052" title="Douris, Lebanon">
Douris, Lebanon

Douris is a village located approximately . southwest of Baalbek in the Bekaa Valley, Lebanon. It is the site of a necropolis from the late Roman Imperial period that is currently undergoing archaeological investigation.
Another archaeological site which is not on the tell near the village exists southwest of Douris at the north of a vineyard that can be reached via a track from the road to Baalbek. This site was found to contain both Shepherd Neolithic and Heavy Neolithic material together, being unusual in this respect. It was found by M. Billaux in 1957 who showed it to two archaeologists who were also members of the Society of Jesus, Henri Fleisch and Maurice Tallon. The Shepherd Neolithic material was unpatinated and appeared similar to that of Maakne. The larger pieces were patinated to white, appearing to represent different periods. Three Levallois flakes were found in 1966 by Lorraine Copeland.
External links.
Deutsches Archäologisches Institut, Late antique necropolis in Baalbek Douris (Lebanon)

</doc>
<doc id="19345058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345058" title="Arthur Hogg">
Arthur Hogg

Arthur Hogg (20 June 1877 — 21 April 1956) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1905 and 1906. 
Hogg was born in Pentrich, the son of John Hogg, a coal miner and his wife Ann. He made his first appearance for Derbyshire during the 1905 season in a match against Lancashire when he scored a single run in his first innings of a drawn match. His next game was in the 1906 season against Surrey in July, when he scored a career-best of 4 in the second innings. His final game was later that season against Yorkshire when he did not score in either innings. Derbyshire lost both those matches. Hogg was a right-handed batsman and played 6 innings in 3 first-class matches with a total run count of 5. 
Hogg died in Ripley at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="19345081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345081" title="The Piano Concerto/MGV">
The Piano Concerto/MGV

The Piano Concerto/MGV is the 23rd album by Michael Nyman, released in 1994. It contains two compositions, "The Piano Concerto" and "MGV". The first is performed by Kathryn Stott and the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Michael Nyman, and the second is performed by the Michael Nyman Band and Orchestra with Michael Nyman at the piano.
The album was released on Argo Records, and went out of print when the label folded. The original recording was reissued with new cover artwork by MN Records, Nyman's own label, on December 1, 2008
"The Piano Concerto".
"The Piano Concerto" is a piano concerto based on the music Nyman wrote for "The Piano" organized into four phases (one movement). The saxophone is omitted ("Here to There" is given to the piano soloist) and the piano is accompanied by a traditional orchestra. The work is Nyman's second concerto, having previously written a saxophone concerto, "Where the Bee Dances", for John Harle.
"The Piano Concerto" was first premiered 26 September 1993 at the Festival de Lille, which was also the debut of "MGV". In his liner notes. Nyman cites the definite article as significant, and states the order of composition of the work: Autumn 1991, piano music for Holly Hunter to play in the film; Summer 1992, orchestral score for the completed film; concerto commissioned by Festival de Lille in Spring 1993. Jean-Claude Casadesus conducted the premiere of both works. Stott was the premiere soloist.
Nyman states that the principal goals of this "reconsideration" threefold: "to create a more coherent structure" for the musical material, elaborates upon the texture for full orchestra (the original was for saxophone and string orchestra), and to make the piano part more virtuostic.
The first phase, in A minor, is derived from the Scottish folk song, "Bonny Winter's noo awa"; the second phase is original and chromatic; the third is in G/D major and based on "Flowers of the Forest" (much faster and cut apart) and "Bonnie Jean" "massively slowed down" on cellos, trumpet, and "divisi" violins, and a harmonic phrase derived from material in the first phase, followed by reprises of "Bonny Winter's noo awa" and "Flowers of the Forest."
This recording of "The Piano Concerto" runs 32:28.
"The Piano Concerto" has been rerecorded, first in 1996 by Peter Lawson with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Jonathan Carney, former violinist and violist of the Michael Nyman Band, and again in 1997, by John Lenehan (who had performed on "The Essential Michael Nyman Band" in 1992) with the Ulster Orchestra conducted by Takuo Yuasa, and released on Naxos Records with "Where the Bee Dances" performed by Simon Haram, a relative Michael Nyman Band newcomer at the time who is, as of 2008, still a regular member. This latter version is slightly faster and clocks in two minutes shorter, and features a very strong and precise brass section.
MGV: Musique à Grand Vitesse.
This recording of "MGV" runs 26:30. It is the only commercial recording to date. "5th Region" appears on the promotional compilation "Michael Nyman".
Personnel.
Musicians.
MGV.
The Michael Nyman Band & Orchestra
Michael Nyman Band
Crew.
This album is the earliest reference to a Michael Nyman Orchestra, though unlike the band, its members are not credited.
"Short Cuts".
The album has been issued as a double album with "Short Cuts", a sampler compilation of music from other Argo Records albums by Graham Fitkin (2 tracks), Gavin Bryars, Michael Torke, Chris Fitkin, Michael Nyman (2 tracks), Henryk Górecki, Aaron Jay Kernis, Kevin Volans, Stanley Myers, David Byrne, Michael Gordon, Robert Moran, Mark Anthony Turnage, Richard Harris, and Paul Schoenfield. The booklet is double sized rather than having a separate booket, and the track listing is on the inner liner tray. The album is easier to find in the single version. "Short Cuts" is produced by Andrew Cornall, with art direction by David Smart and design by Russell Warren-Fischer, consisting of 1/4 page grey squares behind the work deescriptions. Several sales sites have listed "Short Cuts" sampler separately, but none have yet shown a separate album cover.

</doc>
<doc id="19345082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345082" title="Martin Kolikoli">
Martin Kolikoli

Martin Kolikoli, also known as Martin Ndunguru, (born May 25, 1989 in Dar es Salaam) is a Tanzanian professional basketball player for Pazi Basketball Team in Tanzania. He is 6'2" tall and weighs 189 lbs. Martin has grown up playing the power forward position for Loyola High School in Tanzania.
Basketball career.
The Tanzania Basketball Federation selected Kolikoli as its sole representative for the 2008 Basketball Without Borders Programme, held at American International School of Johannesburg and organized by the National Basketball Association and International Basketball Federation.
After returning from the camp, Kolikoli was invited to participate in the under-21 national team of Tanzania.
With all the events in the past year Martin Kolikoli is currently an undrafted NBA free agent after placing his name in the 2009 NBA Draft. Represented locally in Tanzania by DWM Sports Agency under agent David Ngonyani however Mr Kolikoli is internationally by John Domantry. Currently Martin is in Tanzania helping around in Charity basketball events.
Personal life.
Son of Urban and Bernadette Ndunguru, he has two sisters named Jokate and Desi Mwegelo and a brother named Magavilla Constantine. Martin comes for a family filled with basketball; his cousin Louis Charles Ngonyani played for the team Martin now plays in Pazi for four season (1994–98) but stopped to focus more on studying. His other cousin David Wilbard Ngonyani is still an active player in the ACAMIS and ISAC league of Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19345093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345093" title="Guinness">
Guinness

Guinness ( ) is a popular Irish dry stout that originated in the brewery of Arthur Guinness (1725–1803) at St. James's Gate, Dublin. Guinness is one of the most successful beer brands worldwide. It is brewed in almost 60 countries and is available in over 100. Annual sales total 850 million litres (1.5 billion imperial or 1.8 billion US pints).
A feature of the product is the burnt flavour that is derived from roasted unmalted barley, although this is a relatively modern development, not becoming part of the grist until the mid-20th century. For many years a portion of aged brew was blended with freshly brewed beer to give a sharp lactic flavour. Although the Guinness palate still features a characteristic "tang", the company has refused to confirm whether this type of blending still occurs. The draught beer's thick, creamy head comes from mixing the beer with nitrogen when poured. It is popular with Irish people both in Ireland and abroad, and, in spite of a decline in consumption since 2001, is still the best-selling alcoholic drink in Ireland where Guinness & Co. makes almost €2 billion annually.
The company has had its headquarters in London from 1932 onwards. It merged with Grand Metropolitan plc in 1997, and is now part of the British-based multinational alcoholic drinks producer Diageo.
History.
Arthur Guinness started brewing ales from 1759 at the St. James's Gate Brewery, Dublin. On 31 December 1759 he signed a 9,000 year lease at £45 per annum for the unused brewery. Ten years later, on 19 May 1769, Guinness first exported his ale: he shipped six-and-a-half barrels to Great Britain.
"Stout" originally referred to a beer's strength, but eventually shifted meaning toward body and colour.
Arthur Guinness started selling the dark beer porter in 1778. The first Guinness beers to use the term were Single Stout and Double Stout in the 1840s. Throughout the bulk of its history, Guinness produced 'only three variations of a single beer type: porter or single stout, double or extra and foreign stout for export'. Porter was also referred to as "plain", as referenced in the famous refrain of Flann O'Brien's poem "The Workman's Friend": "A pint of plain is your only man."
Already one of the top-three British and Irish brewers, Guinness's sales soared from 350,000 barrels in 1868 to 779,000 barrels in 1876. In October 1886 Guinness became a public company, and was averaging sales of 1,138,000 barrels a year. This was despite the brewery's refusal to either advertise or offer its beer at a discount. Even though Guinness owned no public houses, the company was valued at £6 million and shares were twenty times oversubscribed, with share prices rising to a 60% premium on the first day of trading.
The breweries pioneered several quality control efforts. The brewery hired the statistician William Sealy Gosset in 1899, who achieved lasting fame under the pseudonym "Student" for techniques developed for Guinness, particularly Student's t-distribution and the even more commonly known Student's t-test.
By 1900 the brewery was operating unparalleled welfare schemes for its 5,000 employees. By 1907 the welfare schemes were costing the brewery £40,000 a year, which was one fifth of the total wages bill. The improvements were suggested and supervised by Sir John Lumsden. By 1914, Guinness was producing 2,652,000 barrels of beer a year, which was more than double that of its nearest competitor Bass, and was supplying more than 10% of the total UK beer market. In the 1930s, Guinness became the seventh largest company in the world. Before 1939, if a Guinness brewer wished to marry a Catholic, his resignation was requested. According to Thomas Molloy, writing in the "Irish Independent", "It had no qualms about selling drink to Catholics but it did everything it could to avoid employing them until the 1960s."
Guinness brewed their last porter in 1973. In the 1970s, following declining sales, the decision was taken to make Guinness Extra Stout more "drinkable". The gravity was subsequently reduced, and the brand was relaunched in 1981. Pale malt was used for the first time, and isomerized hop extract began to be used.
Guinness acquired the Distillers Company in 1986. This led to a scandal and criminal trial concerning the artificial inflation of the Guinness share price during the takeover bid engineered by the chairman, Ernest Saunders. A subsequent £5.2 million success fee paid to an American lawyer and Guinness director, Tom Ward, was the subject of the case "Guinness plc v Saunders", in which the House of Lords declared that the payment had been invalid.
In the 1980s, as the IRA's bombing campaign spread to London and the rest of Britain, Guinness considered scrapping the harp as its logo.
The company merged with Grand Metropolitan in 1997 to form Diageo PLC.
Due to controversy over the merger, the company was maintained as a separate entity within the Diageo and has retained the rights to the product and all associated trademarks of Guinness.
The Guinness brewery in Park Royal, London closed in 2005. The production of all Guinness sold in the UK and Ireland was moved to St. James's Gate Brewery, Dublin.
Guinness has also been referred to as "the black stuff". Guinness had a fleet of ships, barges and yachts. The Irish "Sunday Independent" newspaper reported on 17 June 2007 that Diageo intended to close the historic St James's Gate plant in Dublin and moving to a greenfield site on the outskirts of the city. This news caused some controversy when it was announced.
The following day, the "Irish Daily Mail" ran a follow-up story with a double page spread complete with images and a history of the plant since 1759. Initially, Diageo said that talk of a move was pure speculation but in the face of mounting speculation in the wake of the "Sunday Independent" article, the company confirmed that it is undertaking a "significant review of its operations". This review is largely due to the efforts of the company's ongoing drive to reduce the environmental impact of brewing at the St James's Gate plant.
On 23 November 2007, an article appeared in the "Evening Herald", a Dublin newspaper, stating that Dublin City Council, in the best interests of the city of Dublin, had put forward a motion to prevent planning permission ever being granted for development of the site thus making it very difficult for Diageo to sell off the site for residential development.
On 9 May 2008, Diageo announced that the St James's Gate brewery will remain open and undergo renovations, but that breweries in Kilkenny and Dundalk will be closed by 2013 when a new larger brewery is opened near Dublin. The result will be a loss of roughly 250 jobs across the entire Diageo/Guinness workforce in Ireland.
Two days later, the "Sunday Independent" again reported that Diageo chiefs had met with Tánaiste Mary Coughlan, the deputy leader of the Government of Ireland, about moving operations to Ireland from the UK to benefit from its lower corporation tax rates. Several UK firms have made the move to pay Ireland's 12.5 percent rate rather than the UK's 28 percent rate.
Diageo released a statement to the London stock exchange denying the report.
Despite the merger that created Diageo plc in 1997, Guinness has retained its right to the Guinness brand and associated trademarks and thus continues to trade under the traditional Guinness name despite trading under the corporation name Diageo for a brief period in 1997.
Composition.
Guinness stout is made from water, barley, roast malt extract, hops, and brewer's yeast. A portion of the barley is roasted to give Guinness its dark colour and characteristic taste. It is pasteurised and filtered. Making the product requires knowledge in the sciences of microbiology, mycology, bacteriology, and thermodynamics. Despite its reputation as a "meal in a glass", Guinness only contains 198 kcal (838 kilojoules) per imperial pint (1460 kJ/l), fewer than skimmed milk or orange juice and most other non-light beers.
Until the late 1950s Guinness was still racked into wooden casks. In the late 1950s and early 1960s aluminium kegs began replacing the wooden casks; these were nicknamed "iron lungs".
Draught Guinness and its canned counterpart contain nitrogen (N2) as well as carbon dioxide. Nitrogen is less soluble than carbon dioxide, which allows the beer to be put under high pressure without making it fizzy. The high pressure of dissolved gas is required to enable very small bubbles to be formed by forcing the draught beer through fine holes in a plate in the tap, which causes the characteristic "surge" (the widget in cans and bottles achieves the same effect). The perceived smoothness of draught Guinness is due to its low level of carbon dioxide and the creaminess of the head caused by the very fine bubbles that arise from the use of nitrogen and the dispensing method described above. "Original Extra Stout" contains only carbon dioxide, causing a more acidic taste.
Contemporary Guinness Draught and Extra Stout are weaker than they were in the 19th century, when they had an original gravity of over 1.070. Foreign Extra Stout and Special Export Stout, with abv of 7.5% and 9% respectively, are perhaps closest to the original in character.
Although Guinness may appear to be black, it is officially a very dark shade of ruby.
Bottle conditioned Guinness Extra Stout was available in the UK until 1994, and in Ireland until early 2000.
Guinness and health.
Studies claim that Guinness can be beneficial to the heart. Researchers found that "'antioxidant compounds' in the Guinness, similar to those found in certain fruits and vegetables, are responsible for the health benefits because they slow down the deposit of harmful cholesterol on the artery walls."
Guinness ran an advertising campaign in the 1920s which stemmed from market research – when people told the company that they felt good after their pint, the slogan was born – "Guinness is Good for You". Advertising for alcoholic drinks that implies improved physical performance or enhanced personal qualities is now prohibited in Ireland. Diageo, the company that now manufactures Guinness, says: "We never make any medical claims for our drinks."
The production of Guinness, as with many beers, involves the use of isinglass made from fish. Isinglass is used as a fining agent for settling out suspended matter in the vat. The isinglass is retained in the floor of the vat but it is possible that minute quantities might be carried over into the beer.
Varieties.
Guinness stout is available in a number of variants and strengths, which include:
In October 2005, Guinness announced the Brewhouse Series, a limited-edition collection of draught stouts available for roughly six months each. There were three beers in the series.
Despite an announcement in June 2007 that the fourth Brewhouse stout would be launched in October that year, no new beer appeared and, at the end of 2007, the Brewhouse series appeared to have been quietly cancelled.
In March 2006, Guinness introduced the "surger" in Britain. The surger is a plate-like electrical device meant for the home. It sends ultrasonic waves through a Guinness-filled pint glass to recreate the beer's "surge and settle" effect. The device works in conjunction with special cans of surger-ready Guinness. Guinness tried out a primitive version of this system in 1977 in New York. The idea was abandoned until 2003, when it began testing the surger in Japanese bars, most of which are too small to accommodate traditional keg-and-tap systems. Since then, the surger has been introduced to bars in Paris. Surgers are also in use in Australia,Singapore and Greece. The surger for the US market was announced on 14 November 2007; plans were to make the unit available to bars only.
Withdrawn Guinness variants include Guinness's Brite Lager, Guinness's Brite Ale, Guinness Light, Guinness XXX Extra Strong Stout, Guinness Cream Stout, Guinness Gold, Guinness Pilsner, Guinness Breó (a slightly citrusy wheat beer), Guinness Shandy, and Guinness Special Light.
Breó (meaning 'glow' in ancient Irish) was a wheat beer; it cost around IR£5 million to develop.
For a short time in the late 1990s, Guinness produced the "St James's Gate" range of craft-style beers, available in a small number of Dublin pubs. The beers were: Pilsner Gold, Wicked Red Ale, Wildcat Wheat Beer and Dark Angel Lager.
A brewing byproduct of Guinness, Guinness Yeast Extract (GYE), was produced until the 1950s. In the UK, an HP Guinness Sauce has recently been made available, manufactured by Heinz. Kraft also licenses the name for its Barbecue sauce product, Bull's-Eye Barbecue Sauce.
In March 2010, Guinness began test marketing Guinness Black Lager, a new black lager, in Northern Ireland and Malaysia. As of September 2010, Guinness Black Lager is no longer readily available in Malaysia. In October 2010, Guinness began selling Foreign Extra Stout in 4 packs of bottles in the United States.
"Guinness Red Harvest Stout" was introduced in September 2013. sold in 14.9oz widget cans: 4.1% alcohol by volume (ABV); Inspired by the ancient Celtic festival of samhain, the seasonal Guinness Red Harvest Stout has a mildly sweet velvety taste and deep red hue. Crafted with a blend of lightly roasted barley and sweet Irish malt.
Pouring and serving.
What Diageo calls the "perfect pint" of Draught Guinness is the product of a "double pour", which according to the company should take 125.27 seconds. Guinness has promoted this wait with advertising campaigns such as "good things come to those who wait". Despite this, Guinness has endorsed the use of "Exactap", marketed by DigitalDispense USA LLC, owned in a trust by its American inventor. The "Exactap" is the fastest beer dispense system in the world and can deliver a perfectly presented Guinness, with no overfilling, in just 4 seconds. There are over 600 "Exactaps" in use in Dublin stadia alone.
The brewer recommends that draught Guinness should be served at 6°C (42.8°F), while Extra Cold Guinness should be served at 3.5°C (38.6°F).
According to Esquire Magazine, a pint of Guinness should be served in a slightly tulip shaped pint glass (as opposed to the taller European tulip glass or 'Nonic' glass, which contains a ridge approx 3/4 of the way up the glass). To begin the pour, the server holds the glass at a 45° angle below the tap and fills the glass 3/4 full. On the way out of the tap, the beer is forced at high speed through a five-hole disc restrictor plate in the end of the tap, creating friction and forcing the creation of small nitrogen bubbles which form a creamy head. After allowing the initial pour to settle, the server fills the remainder of the glass until the head forms a slight dome over the top of the glass.
In April 2010, Guinness redesigned the Guinness pint glass for the first time in a decade. The new glass is taller and narrower than the previous one and features a bevel design. The new glasses are planned to gradually replace the old ones.
Sinking bubbles.
When Guinness is poured, the gas bubbles appear to travel downwards in the glass. The effect is attributed to drag; bubbles that touch the walls of a glass are slowed in their travel upwards. Bubbles in the centre of the glass are, however, free to rise to the surface, and thus form a rising column of bubbles. The rising bubbles create a current by the entrainment of the surrounding fluid. As beer rises in the centre, the beer near the outside of the glass falls. This downward flow pushes the bubbles near the glass towards the bottom. Although the effect occurs in any liquid, it is particularly noticeable in any dark nitrogen stout, as the drink combines dark-coloured liquid and light-coloured bubbles.
A study published in 2012 revealed that the effect is due to the particular shape of the glass coupled with the small bubble size found in stout beers. If the vessel widens with height then bubbles will sink along the walls – this is the case for the standard pint glass. Conversely, in an anti-pint (i.e. if the vessel narrows with height) bubbles will rise along the walls.
Culinary uses.
Guinness is frequently used as an ingredient in recipes, often to add a seemingly authentic Irish element to the menus of Irish-themed pubs in the United States, where it is stirred into everything from french toast to beef stew.
A popular, authentic, Irish course featuring Guinness is the "Guinness and Steak Pie." The recipe includes many common Irish herbs, as well as beef brisket, cheeses, and a can of Guinness.
Advertising.
The Guinness harp motif is modelled on the Trinity College Harp. It was adopted in 1862 by the then proprietor, Benjamin Lee Guinness. Harps have been a symbol of Ireland at least since the reign of Henry VIII. Guinness registered their harp as a trademark shortly after the passing of the Trade Marks Registration Act of 1875. It faces right instead of left, and so can be distinguished from the Irish coat of arms.
Since the 1930s in the face of falling sales, Guinness has had a long history of marketing campaigns, from award-winning television advertisements to beer mats and posters. Before then, Guinness had almost no advertising, instead allowing for word of mouth to sell the product.
Guinness's iconic stature is partly due to its advertising. The most notable and recognisable series of advertisements was created by S.H. Benson's advertising, primarily drawn by the artist John Gilroy, in the 1930s and 1940s. Benson created posters that included phrases such as "Guinness for Strength", "Lovely Day for a Guinness", "Guinness Makes You Strong," "My Goodness My Guinness," (or, alternatively, "My Goodness, My Christmas, It's Guinness!") and most famously, "Guinness is Good For You". The posters featured Gilroy's distinctive artwork and more often than not featured animals such as a kangaroo, ostrich, seal, lion and notably a toucan, which has become as much a symbol of Guinness as the harp. (An advertisement from the 1940s ran with the following jingle: ""Toucans in their nests agree/Guinness is good for you/Try some today and see/What one or toucan do."") Dorothy L. Sayers and Bobby Bevan copywriters at Benson's also worked on the campaign; a biography of Sayers notes that she created a sketch of the toucan and wrote several of the adverts in question. Guinness advertising paraphernalia, notably the pastiche booklets illustrated by Ronald Ferns, attract high prices on the collectible market.
Many of the best known Guinness television commercials of the 1970s and 1980s were created by British director, Len Fulford.
In 1983 a conscious marketing decision was made to turn Guinness into a "cult" beer in the UK, amidst declining sales. The move halted the sales decline. "The Guardian" described the management of the brand:
In the late 1980s and early 1990s in the UK there was a multi-award-winning series of "darkly" humorous adverts, featuring actor Rutger Hauer, with the theme "Pure Genius", extolling its qualities in brewing and target market.
The 1994–1995 "Anticipation" campaign, featuring actor Joe McKinney dancing to "Guaglione" by Perez Prado while his pint settled, became a legend in Ireland and put the song to number one in the charts for several weeks. The advertisement was also popular in the UK where the song reached number two.
In 2000, Guinness's 1999 advertisement "Surfer" was named the best television commercial of all time in a UK poll conducted by "The Sunday Times" and Channel 4. This advertisement is inspired by the famous 1980s Guinness TV and cinema ad, "Big Wave", centred on a surfer riding a wave while a bikini-clad sun bather takes photographs. The 1980s advertisement not only remained a popular iconic image in its own right but also entered the Irish cultural memory through inspiring a well known line in Christy Moore's 1985 song "Delirium Tremens". "Surfer" was produced by the advertising agency Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO; the advertisement can be downloaded from their website.
Guinness won the 2001 Clio Award as the Advertiser of the Year, citing the work of five separate ad agencies around the world.
In 2003 the Guinness TV campaign featuring Tom Crean won the gold Shark Award at the International Advertising Festival of Ireland, while in 2005 their Irish Christmas campaign won a silver Shark. This TV ad has been run every Christmas since 2003 and features pictures of snow falling in places around Ireland, evoking the James Joyce story "The Dead", finishing at St. James's Gate Brewery with the line "Even at the home of the black stuff they dream of a white one".
Their UK commercial "noitulovE", first broadcast in October 2005, was the most-awarded commercial worldwide in 2006. In it, three men drink a pint of Guinness, then begin to both walk and evolve backward. Their 'reverse evolution' passes through an ancient homo sapiens, a monkey, a flying lemur, a pangolin, an ichthyosaur and a velociraptor until finally settling on a mud skipper drinking dirty water, which then expresses its disgust at the taste of the stuff, followed by the line "Good Things Come To Those Who Wait". This was later modified to have a different endings to advertise Guinness Extra Cold, often shown as "break bumpers" at the beginning and end of commercial breaks. The second endings show either the homo sapiens being suddenly frozen in a block of ice, the ichthyasaurs being frozen while swimming, or the pool of muddy water freezing over as the mud skipper takes a sip, freezing his tongue to the surface.
Two further advertisements in 2006 and early 2007, "Hands" and "St. Patrick's Hands" were created by animator Michael Schlingmann for Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO. They feature a pair of hands, animated in stop motion under a rostrum camera. "Hands" focuses on the 119.53 seconds it takes to pour a pint and "St. Patrick's Hands is a spoof of "Riverdance", with the animated hands doing the dancing.
Guinness's 2007 advertisement, directed by Nicolai Fuglsig and filmed in Argentina, is entitled "Tipping Point". It involves a large-scale domino chain-reaction and, with a budget of £10m, is the most expensive advertisement by the company so far.
And in 2009, the "To Arthur" advertisement, which started with two friends realising the long history, hail each other by lifting up their glass and saying "to Arthur!". The hailing slowing spread throughout the bar itself to the streets outside, which accuminates to around the world. The advertisement end with the voiceover, "Join the worldwide celebration, of a man named Arthur".
The event is now known as Guinness Arthur's Day. "Arthur's Day is a series of events and celebrations taking place around the world to celebrate the life and legacy of Arthur Guinness and the much-loved Guinness beer which Arthur brought to the world." It took place for the third time at 17:59 on 22 September 2011. 
Worldwide sales.
Sales of Guinness in Ireland and the United Kingdom declined 7% in 2006. Despite this, Guinness still accounts for more than a quarter of all beer sold in Ireland.
Guinness has a significant share of the African beer market, where it has been sold since 1827. About 40% of worldwide total Guinness volume is brewed and sold in Africa, with Foreign Extra Stout the most popular variant. The Michael Power advertising campaign was a critical success for Guinness in Africa, running for nearly a decade before being replaced in 2006 with "Guinness Greatness".
The beer is brewed under licence internationally in several countries, including Nigeria, the Bahamas, Canada, and Indonesia. The unfermented but hopped Guinness wort extract is shipped from Dublin and blended with beer brewed locally.
The UK is the only sovereign state to consume more Guinness than Ireland, and the third largest Guinness drinking nation being Nigeria, followed by the USA. The United States consumed more than 950,000 hectolitres of Guinness in 2010.
Merchandising.
The Guinness Storehouse is a popular tourist attraction at St. James's Gate Brewery in Dublin where a self-guided tour includes an account of the ingredients used to make the stout, and a description of how it is made. Visitors can sample the smells of each Guinness ingredient in the Tasting Rooms. The Tasting Rooms are coloured with a unique lighting design that emits Guinness' gold and black branding. A pint of Guinness is offered which the visitor may pour after a demonstration by one of the staff. There are videos showing how Guinness is tested by a panel of tasters and the visitor is instructed in tasting the beer. The tour includes such items as the historical coopering trade within Guinness, a section dedicated to advertising and merchandising by Guinness, and a section dedicated to historical artefacts and footage relating to Guinness. The tour finishes with a pint of Guinness (if it has not already been drunk at one of the other bars)in the Gravity Bar. Two other bars, a coffee shop and a restaurant are available to visitors during the tour and a range of Guinness merchandise is available to purchase.
Speculation.
The book The Thirsty Dragon by Lyn Ebenezer claims that Guinness originated in North Wales and that Arthur Price, a Welshman, took the recipe with him to Ireland where he hired a servant called Richard Guinness whose son later opened a brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="19345102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345102" title="Kipipiri Constituency">
Kipipiri Constituency

Kipipiri Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Nyandarua District. The constituency has four wards, all of which elect councillors for the Nyandarua County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19345113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345113" title="Taifa of Niebla">
Taifa of Niebla

The Taifa of Niebla was a taifa kingdom that existed for three distinct times: from 1023 to 1053, from 1145 to 1150 and from 1234 to 1262. From 1053 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid. when it was finally conquered by Castile. In 1262 it was eventually absorbed by Castile.

</doc>
<doc id="19345141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345141" title="Strand Barracks">
Strand Barracks

The Strand Barracks is the former army barracks on Clancy's Strand in Limerick city, Ireland.
1774 to 1800s.
The barracks dates from the 18th century, founded in 1774, and lies on the banks of the River Shannon. It was a former workhouse called the House of Industry, built to help the destitute of Limerick city.
British Garrison.
It later became a British Army Barracks during the 19th century, until it was handed over to the Free State. Amongst the last British Regiments to leave the Barracks were the Oxford and Bucks Light Infantry 1st Battalion and the Royal Army Service Corps consisting of No. 1166 Motor Transport Company and Divisional Supply Column.
Irish Garrison.
Under the Anglo-Irish Treaty (which marked the end of the Irish War of Independence), the complex was handed over to troops of the Irish Free State on March 1, 1922. Due to escalating tensions between Free State and Republican troops, the barracks were handed over to Republican forces on March 5, as part of a truce agreement agreed between Liam Lynch, Commandant of the Republican Forces, and Commandant General Michael Brennan of the Free State Army. Towards the end of March the barracks was commanded by Connie (Mackey) McNamara.
At the height of the Irish Civil War, the barracks was besieged by Free State troops under the command of Commandant General Michael Brennan between the July 15–20, 1922. In the late evening of July 20, Captain McNamara surrendered control of the barracks to the Free State forces. The bullet holes from the conflict are still visible in the neighbouring houses.
The Free State then used the Barracks as a training Depot, and troops there were used in the Cork and Kerry landings in August 1922. The barracks housed forces of the Free State Army through the remainder of the Irish Civil War and for 13 years was home to units of the Southern Command of the Irish Defence Forces. The Barracks was then handed over to the Limerick Corporation in 1935.
1930s to present.
The barracks was then taken over by Limerick Corporation and became their works yard. It passed out of their hands in 1990, where it has now become the Castle Court complex of two-storey houses and apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="19345163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345163" title="Oliver B. Shallenberger">
Oliver B. Shallenberger

Oliver Blackburn Shallenberger (May 7, 1860 – January 23, 1898) was an American engineer and inventor. 
He was born in Rochester in Beaver County, Pennsylvania. His parents were Aaron T. Shallenberger and Mary (born Bonbright). His uncle was William Shadrack Shallenberger. 
In 1877 he entered the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis. After his graduation he spent two years on the U. S. flag-ship "Lancaster" in the Mediterranean, resigning in 1884. The "Union Switch and Signal Company", of Pittsburgh, under the management of George Westinghouse, was at that time organizing an electric light department, and Mr. Shallenberger became associated with that work. 
In April 1888 he invented an induction meter for measuring alternating current (ampere-hours), a critical element in the Westinghouse AC system. 
On November 27, 1889 he married Mary Woolslair. They had a son and daughter. In 1891, poor health required him to resign from the Westinghouse company but he continued as a consultant. In 1897 he had organized the Colorado Electric Power Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19345171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345171" title="Rainer Ohlhauser">
Rainer Ohlhauser

Rainer Ohlhauser (born 6 January 1941 in Dilsberg, Rhein-Neckar-Kreis) is a German former footballer who played as a striker during the 1960s and 1970s.
Ohlhauser began his career with SV Sandhausen in 1958 before moving to FC Bayern Munich in 1961. He had enormous success at Bayern, playing almost three hundred matches and scoring 186 goals. He also won a number of trophies, including the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1967 and the Bundesliga in 1969. In 1970, he signed for Grasshopper Club Zürich of Switzerland. He retired after five years with Grasshopper and also went on to manage FC Winterthur and FC Basel between 1982 and 1983.
Despite his scoring record, he picked up just one international cap for West Germany, in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19345177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345177" title="Wyoming Department of Transportation">
Wyoming Department of Transportation

The Wyoming Department of Transportation (WYDOT) is a government agency charged with overseeing transportation infrastructure for the U.S. state of Wyoming. WYDOT’s stated mission is “to provide a safe, high quality, and efficient transportation system.”
With more than 2,000 employees based in about 60 locations, WYDOT constitutes Wyoming's largest and most widespread state agency. The department is responsible for planning and implementation of road improvement projects, conducting road maintenance, managing driver licenses and motor vehicle programs, supporting airports and aviation and coordinating with the Wyoming Highway Patrol.
WYDOT headquarters are located in northwest Cheyenne adjacent to the Central Avenue Interchange (exit 12) on I-25. In addition, road construction and maintenance operations are divided among five field districts, headquartered in Basin, Casper, Laramie, Rock Springs and Sheridan.
WYDOT was formed in 1991, incorporating the Wyoming Highway Department, along with the Wyoming Aeronautics Commission and transportation-related elements of the Wyoming Department of Revenue and Taxation and the Wyoming Public Service Commission.
The old Highway Department had existed since 1917, when it was created in response to the Federal Aid Road Act of 1916, in which Congress decreed that as a prerequisite for the receipt of federal funds, a state must have a highway department (or similar agency) in place and functioning. Until that time, road improvements were the responsibility of local governments.
During the 1920s, as the pace of road improvement picked up, so did the need for maintenance. In Wyoming, the initial maintenance work was very basic in nature and carried on only during the summer. Winter motor travel was practically unknown in those days, consequently the agency’s maintenance forces were laid off in the fall of the year, with only a few mechanics retained to overhaul equipment.
Winter maintenance begins.
Winter maintenance and snow removal outside of the mountainous areas was first undertaken on a large scale in the fall of 1929. Some snow removal on a very limited mileage had been carried on since the Department bought its first snowplow in 1923, but the agency had acquired only 13 plows up until 1929. That year, another 33 plows were purchased.
By then, it was becoming obvious that taking steps to effective reduce snow drifting and accumulation on the roads was just as important as snow removal. The department began engineering grade raises, wider rights of way, removal of guardrail and similar drift-causing structures, and the first snow fences were erected during this era
1930s: Paving work accelerated.
While during the 1920s, the focus was mainly on “getting out of the mud;” with improvements consisting of improving drainage and topping roads with gravel. By the 1930s the Highway Department had raised its sights to providing durable all-weather surfacing.
An excerpt from the department’s 1930 annual report read, “The construction of … low-style surfaces such as gravel shale and crushed stone ... has only provided a temporary solution to the problems of providing adequate highways. Increasing traffic … has made it impossible to satisfactorily maintain the traffic-bound gravel road ... There is a continuing loss of surfacing material which is expensive and often difficult to replace.”
Initially, the remedy was ‘oiling,’ whereby heavy asphaltic oil was sprayed atop a layer of gravel or other base material; a process was also referred to as ‘inverted penetration.” Oiling was soon supplanted by paving with bituminous mix (asphalt),a process still in wide use. Paving with concrete was also performed, albeit on a limited basis initially. (Concrete is now used more commonly, primarily in urban or high traffic rural settings.) By 1939, more than 90 percent of the state highway system had been paved.
Wyoming Highway Patrol organized.
During the 1920s and early 1930s, Wyoming had a state ‘Department of Law Enforcement’ in place, mainly to enforce Prohibition. Over time, agents became increasingly busy enforcing motor vehicle laws, so when Prohibition ended, the need was apparent for some sort of regulation and enforcement authority on the highway with its steadily increasing traffic, including commercial vehicle regulation.
In response, the Wyoming Legislature authorized creation of the Wyoming Highway Patrol, effective June 1, 1933. Capt. George Smith, the first Patrol director, was also a visionary, pushing for a state speed limit and a driver licensing law years before they became a reality.
Primarily for logistical reasons, the Highway Patrol was affiliated the Highway Department, and that association has continued to the modern day.
Evolution of Aeronautics Commission's function.
The Wyoming Legislature established the Aeronautics Commission in 1937, with an initial focus on conducting search and rescue and enforcing licensing requirements. The role of Aeronautics has evolved to where its Commission’s primary job has become one of disbursing state funds to maintain and improve runways and buildings needed for cargo shipping, air taxis and ambulances, military transport, and commercial flights. Federal deregulation of airlines in 1978, as well as Wyoming state government reorganization in the early 1990s, were significant factors in changing the Commission’s role and authority.
Interstate highway construction.
After years of planning and no small amount of political maneuvering, construction of the Interstate highway system began after Congress passed the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956.
By 1960, interstate construction was going strong in Wyoming. Wyoming, 62 sections of new four-lane highway, encompassing nearly 600 miles (about two-thirds of the ultimate system) opened to traffic between 1960 and 1969. This busy decade of Interstate construction was topped off on Oct. 3, 1970 with the opening of the 77-mile Walcott Jct.-Laramie segment of Interstate 80. This was longest single section of new interstate opened at one time, not only in Wyoming, but also anywhere in the U.S. The last gap in Wyoming’s interstate system was closed in October 1985.
Currently, there are of public roadways in Wyoming. WYDOT manages 6,859 miles of road, of which only 405 miles are considered urban highways. There are 914 miles of Interstate in Wyoming.
Wyoming has 10 intercity bus organizations, serving 38 cities. There are 23 counties within Wyoming which have a total of 41 public transit systems. There are approximately of rail in Wyoming, 100 of which are state-owned. Wyoming has nine primary service airports.
Wyoming has one of the nation's lowest fuel tax rates at 14 cents per gallon, which generates approximately $6.65 million per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19345197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345197" title="Leading Edge Brands">
Leading Edge Brands

Leading Edge Brands is a soft drink marketing and manufacturing company based in Temple, Texas.
Leading Edge Brands (LEB) is part of the McLane Group, which is headed by Drayton McLane, Jr., (also CEO of Major League Baseball's Houston Astros). LEB's CEO is Webb Stickney, and its products are distributed in the United States, the Caribbean, Mexico and the South Pacific.
Leading Edge Brands was founded in 1997 when the Kist and Flavette soda brands were purchased from the Monarch Beverage Company. The Frostie Root Beer brand was purchased from Monarch in 2000 and sold in 2009. The company had sales of $36.8 million in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="19345210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345210" title="2007 BA-CA-TennisTrophy – Doubles">
2007 BA-CA-TennisTrophy – Doubles

Petr Pála and Pavel Vízner were the defending champions, but Vizner chose not to participate, and only Pala competed that year.
Pala partnered with David Škoch, but lost in the first round to Juan Ignacio Chela and Fernando González.
Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski won in the final 6–4, 6–2, against Tomas Behrend and Christopher Kas.

</doc>
<doc id="19345211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345211" title="Bayfest (Corpus Christi)">
Bayfest (Corpus Christi)

Bayfest is a 3 day music festival in Corpus Christi, Texas. It is in its 32nd consecutive running year.
History.
In 1976 the Arts Council of Corpus Christi and the Junior League of Corpus Christi co-sponsored the first Bayfest. The festival has been held every year since and will celebrate its 32nd event in 2008. Bayfest continues to celebrate the unique cultural and ethnic diversity of our region by composing a colorful explosion of music, art, entertainment and fun. 
80% of funds that are raised are returned to these groups to continue and expand their activities with the remaining 20% to help stage the festival for the following year.
Bayfest works with over 5,000 community volunteers who give their time and efforts to assure its success each year and Bayfest, Inc. is a non-profit organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19345222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345222" title="Federico Andahazi">
Federico Andahazi

Federico Andahazi (born June 6, 1963) is an Argentine writer.
Brief.
Federico Andahazi was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, at Congreso, a very central neighborhood of the city.
His books have translated to many languages. In the United States, he has been published by Doubleday, in England by Transworld, in France by Laffont, in Italy by Frassinelli, in China by China Times, in Japan by Kadokawa, in Germany by Krüger, and by publishing houses in other countries.
He gave lectures in the Faculty of Journalism and Communication Sciences of the University of Moscow, Russia, and the University of Santos Ossa of Antofagasta, Chile. He also gave talks in Stockholm, London, Paris, Istanbul and other cities of Europe, Latin America, and The United States.
He had participated in literary congresses in France, Finland, and several cities in Spain among others. He was invited to book fairs in Guadalajara, Moscow, Pula, Istanbul, Madrid, Barcelona, and Buenos Aires and most cities of Argentina.
He has written articles published by "Clarín", "La Nación", "Perfil", "Noticias", "Veintitrés", "Lamujerdemivida", "Brando", "V de Vian", and others in Argntina, and Loft from USA, "O Independente" from Portugal, "El Gatopardo" and "Soho" from Colombia, etc.
The beginnings.
Federico Andahazi is the son of Bela Andahazi, Hungarian poet and psychoanalyst, and Juana Merlín.
He obtained a bachelor's degree in Psychology (University of Buenos Aires); he practiced psychoanalysis a few years, while he was working on his short stories.
Literary awards.
In 1996 he won the First Prize of the Segunda Bienal de Arte Joven de la Ciudad de Buenos Aires with his short story "Almas misericordiosas". The same year he received the First Prize of the with his short story "El sueño de los justos".
Towards the end of 1996, he was awarded the CAMED Prize for the short story "Por Encargo".
The Fortabat Awards scandal.
In 1996, while he was the finalist of Planeta Awards, his novel "The Anatomist" won the First Prize of the Fundación Fortabat. However, the mentor of the contest, Amalia Lacroze de Fortabat, announced her disagreement with the decision of the jury, through a request published in all the newspapers of Buenos Aires, in which she said that the novel "does not contribute to exalt the most high values of the human spirit".
The jury, which included María Angélica Bosco, Raúl Castagnino, José María Castiñeira de Dios, María Granata and Eduardo Gudiño Kieffer, was disqualified by Amalia Lacroze de Fortabat.
After this scandal the literary competitions organized by the Fundación Fortabat have not been held again.
"The Anatomist" was published by Editorial Planeta in 1997, translated into over thirty languages, and has sold millions of copies worldwide.
Works and other prizes.
His second novel, "The Merciful Women", was published in 1998.
In 1998 the publishing house Temas published a small volume with some of the short stories awarded titled "El árbol de las tentaciones". There are three short stories that begin in the same way and they are located in similar settings (nineteenth-century Argentina).
In 2000 he published "El príncipe" and in 2002 "El secreto de los flamencos".
"Errante en la sombra" was published in 2004; Andahazi wrote more than forty tangos for this story, in which singer Carlos Gardel takes part.
During the summer of 2005, Andahazi and his readers collectively wrote a newspaper serial called "Mapas del fin del mundo" published by the newspaper Diario Clarín.
The author wrote the beginning of a text, giving the place to the readers to continue the story, creating characters, proposing plots, solving riddles, to be sent by e-mail. Therefore, in an unprecedented work, reading and answering thousands of e-mails per week, Andahazi built the story with the various inputs and points of view. Every Saturday a new chapter was added to the novel, increasing the participation and the expectation of readers converted into co-authors.
The novel "La ciudad de los herejes" was also published in 2005.
In 2006, Federico Andahazi won the Planeta Prize with his novel "El conquistador".
He participated in numerous anthologies, among which are: "Las palabras pueden: Los escritores y la infancia" (2007, to UNICEF and World Food Program) with authors like José Saramago, Carlos Fuentes, Ernesto Sábato, Juan Gelman, Mario Benedetti and Mario Vargas Llosa.
"Líneas aéreas" (1999, published by Lengua de trapo, Spain) with writers such as Jorge Volpi, Santiago Gamboa and Edmundo Paz Soldán. "A Whistler in the nightworld", short fiction from the Latin Americas (2002, published by Plume, USA) Laura Restrepo and Ángeles Mastretta among others. "La Selección Argentina" (2000, published by Tusquets).
"El libro de los nuevos pecados capitales" (2001, Norma Publishing Group). He also participated in the book "Homage to Diego Maradona" (2001, SAF) in the company of Roberto Fontanarrosa and Pacho O'Donnell.
Pecar como Dios manda.
In 2008, Andahazi published his first book of nonfiction, "Pecar como Dios manda", Sexual History of Argentines.

</doc>
<doc id="19345227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345227" title="Peter N. Perretti, Jr.">
Peter N. Perretti, Jr.

Peter N. Perretti, Jr. (October 4, 1931, Passaic County, New Jersey) was the Attorney General of New Jersey from 1989 – 1990.
Perretti attended Montclair Kimberley Academy, graduating in the class of 1949. He graduated from Colgate University in 1953 and received his law degree from Cornell Law School in 1956. He clerked for retired Superior Court Judge Alexander P. Waugh. 
He served as Assistant Prosecutor in Essex County from 1958 until 1960. He was a partner in the firm of Riker, Danzig, Scherer, Hyland, and Perretti in Newark, joining the firm as an associate in 1960 and becoming a partner in 1963. 
Perretti was sworn in as Attorney General of New Jersey on February 14, 1989, replacing W. Cary Edwards, who resigned. As Attorney General, he led in the prosecution of New Jersey beach polluters, in the development of legislation to restrict automatic weapons, in improving oversight of the financing of Atlantic City casinos, and in combating organized crime. 

</doc>
<doc id="19345234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345234" title="Quino bibliography">
Quino bibliography

This is a list of works of Quino, an Argentine cartoonist. It contains 13 Mafalda comic books and 20 humor books.

</doc>
<doc id="19345241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345241" title="Deborah Poritz">
Deborah Poritz

Deborah Tobias Poritz (born October 26, 1936) is an American jurist. She was the Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1996 to 2006, and was the Attorney General of New Jersey from 1994 to 1996, in both cases becoming the first woman to serve in that position.
Biography.
Poritz was born in Brooklyn, New York and graduated from James Madison High School in 1954 and Brooklyn College in 1958. She became a Woodrow Wilson Fellow in English and American Literature at Columbia University.
After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1977, Poritz became a Deputy Attorney General in the New Jersey Department of Law and Public Safety. In 1981, she was named as the Assistant Chief of the Environmental Protection Section. She later served as Deputy Attorney General in Charge of Appeals, Chief of the Banking, Insurance and Public Securities Section, and later as Director of the Division of Law, and finally she was named the Chief Counsel to Governor of New Jersey Thomas Kean. From 1990 to 1994, Poritz was a partner in the Princeton law firm of Jamieson, Moore, Peskin & Spicer.
Poritz was the first woman to serve as Attorney General of New Jersey. She was nominated to the position by Governor of New Jersey Christine Todd Whitman in January 1994. As Attorney General, she oversaw the divisions of Law, Criminal Justice, Gaming Enforcement, Motor Vehicles, Consumer Affairs, Civil Rights and the New Jersey State Police. She served as attorney general until she took office as chief justice.
Poritz was nominated to be Chief Justice by Governor Whitman on June 20, 1996, and was confirmed on June 27, 1996. She was sworn in as the first female Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court on July 10, 1996. Poritz served until October 25, 2006, when she retired, one day prior to her seventieth birthday. As of December 2008, Poritz is of counsel to the Princeton office of Drinker, Biddle & Reath.
In 2011, Poritz joined the Rutgers School of Law in Newark and in Camden as a resident professor.

</doc>
<doc id="19345247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345247" title="Peter Shapiro (financier)">
Peter Shapiro (financier)

Peter Shapiro (born April 18, 1952) is a financial services executive, member of the Board of Directors of New Israel Fund and former politician from New Jersey. He was the youngest person ever elected to the New Jersey General Assembly and went on to serve as Essex County executive and as the Democratic nominee for Governor of New Jersey in 1985 against incumbent Thomas Kean.
Early years.
Shapiro was born in 1952 in Newark, New Jersey, the son of Myron and Henrietta Shapiro, immigrants from Canada. He grew up in Orange and then South Orange, attending Columbia High School in Maplewood. During high school he was suspended for leading a protest against the Vietnam War but was reinstated after the New Jersey chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union intervened. He then attended Harvard College, where he was managing editor of "The Harvard Crimson", and received his A.B. degree in economics and history in 1974.
Political career.
After college, Shapiro returned to Essex County and quickly launched his political career after working for New Jersey Commissioner of Transportation Alan Sagner in Brendan Byrne's administration. He decided to run for the New Jersey General Assembly in 1975. A young unknown, he ran a methodical door-to-door campaign in targeted election districts and had Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., a friend from college, accompany him on election eve. He defeated the Democratic organization candidate, Rocco Neri, by a margin of 183 votes out of 8,530 cast. At 23, he was the youngest person ever elected to the Assembly. He was in the Assembly for two terms, from 1976 to 1979, serving as chairman of the Housing Committee and vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee.
In 1978, he helped push through a change in the Essex County charter creating the position of county executive. Shapiro ran for the new office, defeating the well-entrenched Democratic organization led by county chairman Harry Lerner. Four years later he was reelected with 69 percent of the vote. During his tenure as county executive, he worked for administrative reform, reorganizing 69 agencies under 8 principal departments.
Shapiro became active in state and national Democratic politics. He supported Ted Kennedy, uncle of his college friend Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., in the 1980 Democratic presidential primaries. He considered opposing Millicent Fenwick in the 1982 race for United States Senate, but declined to run, and Fenwick went on to lose to Frank Lautenberg. He supported Walter Mondale in the 1984 Democratic presidential primaries.
Gubernatorial campaign.
In 1985, at the age of 33, Shapiro announced that he would run for Governor of New Jersey against the popular Republican incumbent Thomas Kean. He styled a campaign of "new ideas" on the model of Gary Hart's 1984 presidential run. Some observers also saw similarities to Robert Redford's role in the 1972 film "The Candidate", especially when Shapiro's campaign commercials used the slogan, "A Better Way," also used in the film.
Shapiro defeated four other candidates in the Democratic primary: State Senate majority leader John F. Russo, Newark Mayor Kenneth A. Gibson, former State Senator Stephen B. Wiley, and former U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey Robert Del Tufo. Shapiro finished with 31% of the vote, Russo 27%, and Gibson 26%, with Wiley and Del Tufo each garnering under 10%.
Shapiro ran well behind Kean in the polls throughout the general election campaign, and Kean ultimately won in a record landslide, carrying all of New Jersey's 21 counties and nearly every municipality. Shapiro was defeated by Kean 71%-24%, the largest margin in a gubernatorial election in New Jersey history. The only municipalities that Shapiro carried were Audubon Park and Chesilhurst in Camden County, and Roosevelt in Monmouth County.
In 1986, Shapiro lost his reelection bid for Essex County Executive to Republican Nicholas R. Amato by a margin of 12,000 votes. Shapiro had been weakened by a falling out with Raymond M. Durkin, who chaired both the New Jersey Democratic State Committee and the Essex County Democratic committee.
Business career.
Shapiro moved into the private sector, spending six years at Citibank, where he served as a senior banker and headed the municipal derivatives business and public finance department. He then served as senior vice president of Euro Brokers, a leading derivative specialist, for five years. In 1997 he founded Swap Financial Group, an independent advisor and arranger of interest rate derivatives. He currently serves as managing director of Swap Financial Group.
Shapiro married Bryna Linett, a teacher, in 1981. They live in South Orange, New Jersey and have one son.

</doc>
<doc id="19345254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345254" title="New Jersey Attorney General">
New Jersey Attorney General

The Attorney General of New Jersey is a member of the executive cabinet of the state and oversees the Department of Law and Public Safety. The office is appointed by the Governor of New Jersey, confirmed by the New Jersey Senate, and term limited. Under the provisions of the New Jersey State Constitution, the Attorney General serves a concurrent four-year term to the governor.
The conventional wisdom is that the Attorney General cannot be removed from office except "for cause" by the Governor or by way of legislative impeachment.
It is fifth in the line of succession after the Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey, President of the New Jersey Senate, and Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly. The Attorney General cannot also serve as the Lieutenant Governor.
List of office holders.
Holders of the office of Attorney General include:

</doc>
<doc id="19345299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345299" title="David M. Allen">
David M. Allen

David M. Allen is a British record producer, engineer and mixer. He is mostly known for his work with new wave, synth pop and goth rock bands including The Cure, The Sisters of Mercy, The Chameleons, Depeche Mode, The Mission, The Associates, The Human League, Clan of Xymox, Gianna Nannini, Shelleyan Orphan and others. He also produced Neneh Cherry's hit album "Man".
He created Blank Multimedia in 1994 operating from the home of XFM during 1995-1997, designed websites for Chrysalis Records and Rough Trade Records, made an interactive cross-platform CD+ featuring The Plunge Club with music from Andy M Wright. Blank organised a 24 hour Internet art gallery, groundbreaking for its time.

</doc>
<doc id="19345304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345304" title="Guy Georges">
Guy Georges

Guy Georges (born Guy Rampillon, October 15, 1962, in Vitry-le-François, France) is a French serial killer, dubbed "The Beast of the Bastille", who was convicted of murdering seven women between 1991 and 1997.
Biography.
Born Guy Rampillon to a French mother and an American father (George Cartwright, a soldier) who abandoned him as a small child.
From 1991 to 1997, Guy Georges assaulted, tortured, raped and killed seven women in the neighbourhood of the famed Revolutionary-era Parisian prison, the Bastille.
Georges was arrested on March 26, 1998 and admitted his guilt to police. Described by psychiatrists as a "narcissistic psychopath", he was sentenced in April 2001 to life imprisonment, without the possibility of parole for 22 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19345375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345375" title="Johann Heinrich Linck">
Johann Heinrich Linck

Johann Heinrich Linck (the elder, 1674–1734) was a German pharmacist and naturalist. He was born in Leipzig and ran the family pharmacy known as "The Golden Lion". He wrote a treatise on sea stars, "De stellis marinis liber singularis" (1733). The genus "Linckia" of sea stars is named after him.
Linck's son was also named Johann Heinrich Linck (the younger, 1734–1807).

</doc>
<doc id="19345382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345382" title="Potter Island">
Potter Island

Potter Island is an uninhabited island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago within the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut. It is a Baffin Island offshore island situated in Frobisher Bay. It is north of Lower Savage Islands, and northwest of Resolution Island and Edgell Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19345391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345391" title="Devojko mala">
Devojko mala

"Devojko mala" is a popular fifties song composed by Darko Kraljić and recorded by Vlastimir "Đuza" Stojiljković for the soundtrack of the "Ljubav i moda" film in which he was also had the starring role. The song became popular in former Yugoslavia and later in the Soviet Union.
Idoli version.
Serbian new wave band Idoli recorded a version on their debut release, the VIS Idoli EP. This is one of the first recorded cover versions of the track and perhaps one of the most notable and well-known versions. A promotional video was recorded for the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19345394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345394" title="St. Boniface Roman Catholic Church">
St. Boniface Roman Catholic Church

St. Boniface Roman Catholic Church was a Roman Catholic church located at 2356 Vermont Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was also known as St. Boniface-St. Vincent Roman Catholic Church. The church was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1983 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989, but was subsequently demolished.
History and significance.
The German Catholic citizens of Detroit began moving to the west side in the 1860s, particularly along the Michigan Avenue corridor. In 1867, Bishop Casper Borgess created St. Boniface parish to serve the German population on the west side. In 1873, a two-story, red brick Italianate rectory building was built for the parish at a cost of $6,000. A stone church building was planned by the prominent local architect William M. Scott, and construction was completed in 1883 at a cost of $30,000.
The parish was closed in 1989, and the building was demolished a few years later.
Description.
St. Boniface Church was an eclectic example of Romanesque Revival and Ruskinian Gothic architecture. It was built in a cruciform shape from red brick and cream-painted wood, and featured a high nave roof, steeply gabled stone entry arches, and a central pavilion with recessed round arches. The church had a square, louvered bell tower with an octagonal metal roof. The side walls were supported by heavy, stone-embellished buttresses. The rectory was a two-story Italianate stone building, painted black. It had a modified hip-roof with cross-gabled dormers and a bracketed corniceline, an open gabled portico, and rectangular and round arch window enframements.

</doc>
<doc id="19345458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345458" title="Prince Asubonteng">
Prince Asubonteng

Prince Asubonteng (born 6 March 1986 in Kumasi) is a Ghanese footballer currently playing for Dessel Sport of Belgium.
Asubonteng began his career at the age of 16 at Belgian club K.F.C. Germinal Beerschot. He was transferred to Racing de Ferrol of Spain in 2006, for which he played 20 games and scored 2 goals. In January 2008, he was sold to CD Baza, but left the club after six months to join former manager Marc Brys at FC Eindhoven.

</doc>
<doc id="19345461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345461" title="Kleinbahn">
Kleinbahn

The term Kleinbahn (literally 'small railway', plural: "Kleinbahnen") was a light railway concept used especially in Prussia for a railway line that "on account of its low importance for general railway transport" had less strict requirements placed on its construction and operation that main lines ("Hauptbahnen") or secondary lines ("Nebenbahnen" i.e. normal branch lines). Even public railway lines built for constructional or industrial purposes were counted as "Kleinbahnen".
Origin and use.
The concept was defined in the Prussian "Kleinbahn" law of 28 July 1892, that was designed to encourage the construction of local railway lines by private companies. The word "Kleinbahn" was chosen by a majority of MPs in the Prussian parliament instead of a range of other options - "Lokalbahn" (local line), "Bahn unterster Ordnung" (line of the lowest order) or "Bahn untergeordneter Bedeutung" (line of secondary importance) - because it was neither a foreign word nor had negative overtones. 
In several former German states such as (Mecklenburg, Oldenburg and Baden) the concept "Kleinbahn" was partially adopted for lines of limited length and light construction. In the other German-speaking states, the terms "Lokalbahn" (Baden, Bayern, Austria), "Sekundärbahn" (Saxony) or "Vizinalbahn" (Bayern) were preferred.
In everyday speech the term "Kleinbahn" is widely used as a synonym for narrow gauge lines or garden railways. Despite that, "Kleinbahnen" may be built in either standard gauge (1,435 mm) as well as in narrow gauge. 
Construction and operation.
The construction and operation of "Kleinbahnen" were carried out to less stringent requirements, e.g. tracks were laid in a gravel rather than a normal ballast bed, and usually by private companies, which nevertheless in many cases involved substantial participation by the state, the province or local communities. The "Kleinbahn" company with the largest railway network in the whole of the German Empire was the 'Pomeranian state railways' ("Pommerschen Landesbahnen") founded in 1940. 
Today.
Except in Berlin, the "Kleinbahn" law has been superseded everywhere by new national railway laws. The former "Kleinbahnen" are classified today as "Nebenbahnen" (branch lines).
Model Railway.
The name Kleinbahn, German for "small railway", is also the name of a model railway manufacturer based in Vienna. The company was founded in 1947 by Erich Klein. The HO-scale models produced by the company are destined primarily for the Austrian market: most of the models are based on Austrian Railway prototypes. Their current catalogue offers a selection of locomotives; passenger and freight rolling stock; track and switches as well as catenery and signaling equipment. Kleinbahn produces an economically priced product that is readily affordable to a wider market. Kleinbahn has eschewed extreme detail and sophistication and has instead focused on the development and manufacture of models of a simpler and more robust finish. The models are not widely available as they are not available through the usual hobby shops. Instead, their product is available almost exclusively through company outlets located in a number of Austrian cities including Vienna where the company is headquartered, as well as Salzburg, Klagenfurt, Linz, and Bregenz, all in Austria. Their products may also be purchased by mail order.
Links:
Kleinbahn Co., : http://www.kleinbahn.com/kontakt_index.html
Kleinbahn product catalog. : http://www.kleinbahn.com/produkte_index.html
Kleinbahn in Wikipedia (German edition): http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kleinbahn_(Modelleisenbahn)
List of "Kleinbahnen".
There is a list of German "Kleinbahnen" in the list of former German railway companies.

</doc>
<doc id="19345463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345463" title="Uderzeniowe Bataliony Kadrowe">
Uderzeniowe Bataliony Kadrowe

Uderzeniowe Bataliony Kadrowe ("UBK", English: "Striking Cadre Battalions") were armed anti-Nazi resistance units organized by the right-wing Polish organization Konfederacja Narodu. They existed between 1942 and 1944 (after 1943 they were part of the Home Army).
Beginnings.
The idea to create the UBK was conceived among Warsaw’s conspirational circles in early 1940s. Altogether, eight battalions were formed, and their task was to engage the Germans in Polish countryside, especially in the Eastern Borderlands of Poland.
First attempt to organize armed resistance took place in October 1942. Members of the 1st Battalion, under Captain Ignacy Telechun (nom de guerre "Toporski"), after concentration in the forests north of Warsaw, headed towards northern Podlasie, where they wanted to set a base. However, their forces were not strong enough and after several skirmishes with the Wehrmacht, the unit returned to Warsaw. They lost 36 men - 4 killed, 2 wounded and 30 captured.
Campaigns.
During winter of 1942/43, the UBK carried out preparations for future actions. In January 1943, a patrol under Ryszard Reiff ("Jacek") set towards Ciechanowiec, where the 1st Striking Partisan Platoon was created. After some time, the Platoon was renamed into the 8th Battalion.
In late May 1943, UBK, with permission of the headquarters of the Home Army, concentrated its forces (200 men) around Wyszkow. The Germans soon found out about it and surrounded the Poles. A skirmish ensued, in which 4 Poles were killed and 8 wounded. German losses were estimated at 15 killed and 22 wounded. Those who were not caught, divided themselves into two groups and headed north, to Bezirk Bialystok. On June 11, 1943, the UBK forces under Major Stanislaw Pieciul ("Radecki") of the 4th Battalion engaged the Germans near the village of Pawly (Bielsk Podlaski County). 25 Poles and approximately 40 Germans died.
In July 1943 the UBK units, active in Bezirk Bialystok, consisted of five Battalions. Altogether, there were 200 fighters, and during a number of skirmishes with the Germans (including the 1943 Polish underground raid on East Prussia), 138 of them were killed. These heavy losses were criticized by the headquarters of the Home Army, who claimed that the UBK was profusely using lives of young Polish soldiers. On August 17, 1943, upon the order of General Tadeusz Bor-Komorowski, the UBK was included into the Home Army. Soon afterwards, all battalions were transferred to the area of Nowogrodek.
During process of reorganization of the Nowogrodek Area of the Home Army, the UBK units created a battalion, which became part of the 77th Infantry Regiment of the Home Army, under Boleslaw Piasecki. In February 1944 the battalion had around 700 soldiers (some sources put the number at around 500). The unit took part in the Operation Tempest, fighting the Germans around Lida and Wilno (see: Wilno Uprising), where it suffered heavy losses.
Dissolution.
On July 17, 1944, the NKVD officers invited Wilno command of the Home Army for negotiations, arresting them immediately. After this, the former UBK dissolved, and those soldiers who came from Central Poland decided to get back to their homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="19345465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345465" title="Andrew Hart (rugby league)">
Andrew Hart (rugby league)

Andrew Hart (born 9 March 1976) is an Australian former professional Rugby league player.
Hart started his career at the Illawarra Steelers and then spent time at St. George Illawarra Dragons and the South Sydney Rabbitohs. Hart finished his playing career with a year in Super League with the London Broncos.

</doc>
<doc id="19345467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345467" title="Tyler Mulder">
Tyler Mulder

Tyler Mulder (Born February 15, 1987) is an American track and field athlete. Mulder was the 2008 NCAA Indoor Track and Field National Champion in the 800 meter run.
High school career.
Mulder competed for Unity Christian High School in Orange City, Iowa from 2001-2005. He set Iowa High School Athletic Association state meet records in the 800 meter run and as part of the 1600-meter medley relay.
College career.
FRESHMAN: Mulder matriculated to the University of Northern Iowa in the fall of 2005 where he was coached by Chris Bucknam and Doug Case. He garnered All Missouri Valley Conference honors in the 4x400 meter relay when his team placed second indoors. His indoor 800m season best was set at the ISU Classic, clocking 1:52.1. Outdoors, he lowered his personal best in the 800m run to 1:50.93 at the Mark Messersmith Invitational, narrowly missing qualifying for NCAA Regional competition.
SOPHOMORE: Lowered his indoor personal best to 1:49.15 at the ISU Classic, placing fourth. Outdoors, qualified for the NCAA championships in the 4x400 meter relay, earning All American honors by placing sixth. Personal best in outdoors was set at 1:49.19 at the Iowa Musco Twilight Meet.
JUNIOR: Captured NCAA Championship in the 800 meter run indoors, clocking 1:49.2 at the Tyson Events Center in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Outdoors, advanced to the finals of the 800m run at the NCAA Championships in Des Moines, Iowa at Drake Stadium. Mulder placed fifth. Competed at the 2008 United States Olympic Track and Field Trials in Eugene, Oregon and failed to make finals.
SENIOR: Finished his senior year for the Panthers with a 3rd place Indoors, 3rd place Outdoors, and made the USATF 800m final. Lowered his personal best to 1:46.80 in the NCAA Championships in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
Professional career.
Mulder signed with Nike after his 2009 collegiate season. Later joining the Oregon Track Club in 2010. He is coached by Olympic bronze medalist Mark Rowland and trains in Eugene,OR. 
He ran the 800 meter leg of the American Record setting indoor distance medley relay on February 12, 2010.[http://www.runnerspace.com/gprofile.php?mgroup_id=5&do=news&year=2010&news_id=9178&folder_id=recent]
Mulder improved his 800 meter times over the last 5+ years:
2014 1:4X X 
2013 1:44.34 Monaco 19 JUL
2012 1:44.75 Lignano Sabbiadoro 17 JUL
2011 1:44.83 Barcelona 22 JUL
2011 1:44.83 Los Angeles (OC), CA 21 MAY
2010 1:46.32 Tanger 18 JUL
2009 1:46.80 Fayetteville, AR 13 JUN
Other Notable times:
Mile: 3:57.37 penn relays 2013
1000m: 2:17.91 Pre classic 2010
1500m: 3:42.53 Oregon Relays 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19345494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345494" title="Long Live Rock">
Long Live Rock

"Long Live Rock" is a single by The Who, written by Pete Townshend during the "Lifehouse" period. It was not included in the "Who's Next" album, as it wasn't recorded until 1972. It was later performed by Billy Fury's character in the film "That'll Be the Day" featuring Keith Moon. The original Who recording of the song was later released on the rarities album "Odds & Sods", as well as being released as a single at that time. 
Overview.
It was featured during the credits of seminal Who documentary, "The Kids Are Alright". A live version recorded by The Who at the BBC was released on their album "BBC Sessions".
The song was to have been included on the album "Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock!", before that was shelved.
The lyrics describe a concert at the Rainbow Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19345508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345508" title="List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 6)">
List of Ranma ½ episodes (season 6)

This article lists the episodes and short summaries of the 95th to 118th episodes of the anime series, known in the English dub as the sixth season of "Ranma ½" or "Random Rhapsody".
Rumiko Takahashi's manga series "Ranma ½" was adapted into two anime series: "Ranma ½" which ran on Fuji TV for 18 episodes and "Ranma ½ Nettōhen" which ran for 143. The first TV series was canceled due to low ratings in September 1989, but was then brought back in December as the much more popular and much longer-running "Ranma ½ Nettōhen".
Viz Media licensed both anime for English dubs and labeled them as one. They released them in North America in seven DVD collections they call "seasons". "Nettōhen" episodes 95 to 118 are season 6, which was given the title "Random Rhapsody".
The opening and closing theme songs up to episode 99 are by Kusu Kusu and by Michiyo Nakajima respectively. The second are by Azusa Senou and "Positive" by Miho Morikawa. For episode 118 the themes are by the band Vision and by Piyo Piyo.
Episode list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19345513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345513" title="Meu Sonho Perdido">
Meu Sonho Perdido

Meu Sonho Perdido is a Portuguese album by Luis Miguel, which was released in 1985. There was also a Mexican Version of the LP Palabra De Honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19345515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345515" title="Swedish Crime Writers' Academy">
Swedish Crime Writers' Academy

The Swedish Crime Writers' Academy (Swedish: "Svenska Deckarakademin"), is a Swedish organization set up in 1971 to promote the writing of detective fiction and crime fiction. Originally, the academy had 13 elected members; today the number of members is 24.
Each year the Academy awards two prizes:
There are also a number of other awards (e.g.: Best debut novel) which are made on an irregular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="19345545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345545" title="Gijs Kuenen">
Gijs Kuenen

Johannes Gijsbrecht Kuenen (born 9 December 1940, Heemstede) is a Dutch microbiologist who is professor emeritus at the Delft University of Technology and a visiting scientist at the University of Southern California. His research is influenced by, and a contribution to, the scientific tradition of the Delft School of Microbiology.
Kuenen studied at the University of Groningen, where he received both his Doctorandus degree and in 1972 his Doctorate (PhD) under the supervision of Professor Dr. Hans Veldkamp. The title of his thesis was ‘‘Colourless sulphur bacteria from Dutch tidal mudflats’’. After a short post-doc at the University of California in Los Angeles (USA), he returned as a senior lecturer to Groningen. In 1980, he moved to Delft to become the 4th Professor of Microbiology (succeeding M.W. Beijerinck and A.J. Kluyver) at Delft University of Technology. Kuenen's initial research interests were (the application of) bacteria involved in the natural sulfur cycle and yeast physiology and metabolism. His later interest in the (eco)physiology of nitrifying and denitrifying bacteria has led a.o. to the discovery of the bacteria within the phylum planctomycetes that perform the Anammox process. In addition, his research has been focussed on (halo) alkaliphilic sulfur-oxidizing bacteria from soda lakes. Gijs Kuenen retired in 2005 but remains active in science.
Awards.
In 2004 Gijs Kuenen became a Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion, In 2005 he was elected Fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology. In 2006 he received the Jim Tiedje Award for his outstanding contribution to microbial ecology at the 11th International Symposium on Microbial Ecology in Vienna and in 2007 he was awarded the Procter & Gamble Award in Applied and Environmental Microbiology.
For his contribution to the founding of the education Life Science and Technology (Delft University of Technology and Leiden University) in 2005 he received an honorary membership of Study Association LIFE.
Named after Kuenen.
One of the five known anammox genera, with the single member Kuenenia stuttgartiensis, has been named after Kuenen. The Kuenen lab had named the first discovered species Brocadia anammoxidans, after the company Gist-Brocades (now DSM Gist), for which Kuenen did consulting work and in which wastewater the bacteria was discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="19345551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345551" title="Select Group Referees">
Select Group Referees

The Select Group is a panel of professional football referees and assistant referees appointed by the Professional Game Match Officials Board (PGMOB) to officiate matches in the Premier League, as well as the Football League, FA Cup and Football League Cup. The panel was established in 2001, when referees in England became professional.

</doc>
<doc id="19345562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345562" title="Hedgpeth">
Hedgpeth

Hedgpeth is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19345610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345610" title="Canton of Criquetot-l'Esneval">
Canton of Criquetot-l'Esneval

The Canton of Criquetot-l'Esneval is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Geography.
A farming and coastal area in the arrondissement of Le Havre, centred on the town of Criquetot-l'Esneval. The altitude varies from 0m (Bénouville) to 137m (Gonneville-la-Mallet) for an average altitude of 104m.
Composition.
The Canton of Criquetot-l'Esneval comprises 21 communes and a total of 14,468 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19345613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345613" title="Laurentia Tan">
Laurentia Tan

Laurentia Tan Yen Yi BBM PBM ( ; , pronounced ) (born 24 April 1979), is a United Kingdom-based Singaporean Para-equestrian competitor. Tan developed cerebral palsy and profound deafness after birth, and moved to the United Kingdom with her parents at the age of three. She took up horse riding at age of five years as a form of physiotherapy. She subsequently completed her A-levels at the Mary Hare Grammar School, a residential special school for the deaf, and graduated with an honours degree from Oxford Brookes University in hospitality management and tourism.
In March 2007, the Riding for the Disabled Association Singapore (RDA) invited Tan to join the Singapore team for the World Para Dressage Championships at Hartpury College in Hartpury, Gloucester, in England in July that year. At this event, her first international competition, she did well enough to qualify for the 2008 Paralympic Games. In September 2008, at the Hong Kong Olympic Equestrian Centre at Sha Tin, she achieved bronze medals in the Individual Championship and Individual Freestyle Tests (class Ia). These were Singapore's first Paralympic medals and Asia's first equestrian medals at the Paralympic Games. Tan was conferred the "Pingat Bakti Masyarakat" (Public Service Medal) by the President of Singapore at a ceremony at the Istana Singapore on 20 September 2008.
On 2 September 2012, Tan won Singapore's first medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, a bronze in the dressage Individual Championship Test (class Ia). She followed this up with a silver medal in the Individual Freestyle Test (class Ia) on 4 September. For her achievements, Tan was conferred a "Bintang Bakti Masyarakat" (Public Service Star) by the President in November 2012.
Early years and education.
Laurentia Tan was born on 24 April 1979 in Singapore. She moved with her family to London at the age of three years due to her father's work. Tan developed cerebral palsy and profound deafness after birth, and doctors informed her parents that she would probably not be able to walk. Her family decided to settle in the United Kingdom as they felt she would be better able to reach her full potential with the medical facilities and specialist educational support available there. When she was in school, she fell so often and sustained so many minor injuries that her teachers and the school nurse affectionately nicknamed her "Trouble". At five years she was unable to sit and walk properly, and took up horse riding at the Diamond Centre for Disabled Riders in London as a form of physiotherapy. This activity also helped her confidence and self-esteem.
Tan completed her A-levels at the Mary Hare Grammar School, a residential special school for the deaf, where she was a prefect. She also won an Elizabeth Dyson Prize for progress and achievement and a prize for business studies. From the age of 18, she stopped horse riding for eight years to pursue an honours degree in hospitality management and tourism at Oxford Brookes University, and for a job as a mental health worker. However, she missed the sport and took it up again in 2005. Tan said, "For me, riding a horse gives me the freedom, movement and energy that my own legs cannot do."
Sporting career.
Tan took up riding in October 2005 at the Diamond Centre for Disabled Riders, where she met her coach Heather "Penny" Pegrum. Encouraged to participate in dressage competitions in March 2006, she quickly progressed to the Riding for the Disabled Association (RDA) Nationals that year. In March 2007, RDA Singapore contacted Tan and invited her to join the Singapore team for the World Para Dressage Championships 2007, which was a qualifier for the 2008 Summer Paralympics. The event, Tan's first international competition, was held at Hartpury College, Gloucester, in England in July 2007. She achieved 63% or higher in both her Team and Individual Tests, qualifying her to be selected for the 2008 Summer Paralympics. In the Freestyle to Music Test, despite her profound deafness, she was placed fourth in a field of 18 riders with a best score of 67.94%. In October 2007, Tan went to Singapore for a visit and trained daily at Singapore's RDA with volunteer coach Sally Drummond. Tan resigned her job in June 2008 to train full-time with her coach Penny Pegrum and physiotherapist Anthea Pell.
2008 Summer Paralympics.
Tan's first Paralympic event was the para-dressage Individual Championship Test (class Ia). Riders in this event are categorized into classes I to IV, those in class I having the most severe disabilities. On 9 September, riding a 20-year-old chestnut gelding loaned to her named Nothing to Lose (also known as Harvey) at the Hong Kong Olympic Equestrian Centre in Sha Tin, Tan scored 68.80% to claim the bronze medal behind the United Kingdom's Anne Dunham (73.10%) and Sophie Christiansen (72.80%). She thus became the first Singaporean to win a Paralympic medal, and the holder of Asia's first Paralympic equestrian medal. Two days after achieving the first medal, Tan collected her second bronze with a score of 70.167% for the Individual Freestyle Event, in which she performed to music with Nothing To Lose. The president of the Equestrian Federation of Singapore, Melanie Chew, described her performance as "beyond our expectations", and that the wins would aid in promoting local awareness of the sport.
Tan's win sparked discussion about the recognition given to Paralympians in Singapore. A correspondent to the "Straits Times" criticized the fact that the newspaper had not elaborated on Tan's performance or what was involved in the event, but had "focused almost primarily on her disability". Another letter writer to "my paper" expressed disappointment that less publicity had been given to Tan's achievement compared to the silver medals won by the Singapore women's table tennis team at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In addition, a "Today" reader noted that Tan would be receiving S$25,000 for her bronze medal, a tenth of the S$250,000 that table tennis players Feng Tianwei, Li Jiawei and Wang Yuegu received for their silver medals. He felt that she should receive even more than them, given what she had achieved in spite of her disabilities. The President of the Society for the Physically Disabled commented that the disparity between the cash awards given to able-bodied and disabled sportspeople was "disconcerting" and looked forward to a single common scheme, because:
On 16 September, Nominated Member of Parliament Eunice Olsen asked in Parliament if there was a difference in the amount of funding given to Olympians and Paralympians, and why Paralympians receive a much smaller cash reward for medals won compared to Olympians. Teo Ser Luck, Senior Parliamentary Secretary (Community Development, Youth and Sports), said that on a "per capita" basis disabled sportspeople received about S$106,000 in the current financial year compared to S$54,000 for each able-bodied sportsperson as there were 794 registered able-bodied sportspeople but only 16 disabled ones. Teo attributed the disparity in the cash rewards to the fact that Olympians faced higher levels and a larger scale of competition, since disabled sportspeople compete within disability classes. Further, cash rewards were provided by the private sector and Singapore Totalisator Board and were not paid out of state funds. The scheme for Olympians had also been in place for a number of years, while cash rewards for Paralympians were only introduced recently. He said that the government was looking at how it could "develop a system to accommodate all athletes that represent Singapore".
Tan was conferred the "Pingat Bakti Masyarakat" (Public Service Medal) by the President of Singapore at a ceremony at the Istana Singapore on 20 September 2008. At an appreciation dinner on 21 November 2008, the Singapore National Paralympic Committee (SNPC) announced that it was increasing the monetary awards under its Athlete Achievement Award scheme for Paralympic Games medallists in individual and team events, a quarter of which would be paid to the SNPC towards developing elite athletes and sports. As a result, for her Paralympic win, Tan received a cash reward of S$37,500, S$12,500 of which went to the SNPC. She made it into "Today" newspaper's list of athletes of the year for 2008 in eighth place, and shared the "Her World" Young Woman Achiever 2008 award with Paralympian swimmer Yip Pin Xiu.
2012 Summer Paralympics.
On 2 September 2012, Tan won Singapore's first medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, a bronze in the dressage Individual Championship Test (class Ia). Riding on Ruben James 2, a gelding from Germany she had only known for ten months, she scored 73.650 percentage points. Two days later, on 4 September, she scored 79.000 in the Individual Freestyle Test (class Ia) which brought her a silver medal. Her wins brought her prizes of $50,000 (for her bronze medal) and $100,000 (silver) from the SNPC's Athletes Achievement Awards scheme, again leading to comments about the stark difference between the cash prizes that Olympic and Paralympic medallists receive. Twenty per cent of the prize money will be paid to the Singapore National Paralympic Council for training and development. For her achievements, Tan won "The Straits Times" newspaper's Star of the Month for September, and was conferred a "Bintang Bakti Masyarakat" (Public Service Star) by the President on 11 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19345639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345639" title="Underground hydrogen storage">
Underground hydrogen storage

Underground hydrogen storage is the practice of hydrogen storage in underground caverns, salt domes and depleted oil/gas fields. Large quantities of gaseous hydrogen have been stored in underground caverns by ICI for many years without any difficulties. The storage of large quantities of hydrogen underground in solution-mined salt domes, aquifers or excavated rock caverns or mines can function as grid energy storage which is essential for the hydrogen economy. By using a turboexpander the electricity needs for compressed storage on 200 bar amounts to 2.1% of the energy content.
ConocoPhillips Clemens Terminal.
The ConocoPhillips Clemens Terminal in Texas has stored hydrogen since the 1980s in a solution-mined salt cavern. The cavern roof is about underground. The cavern is a cylinder with a diameter of , a height of and a usable hydrogen capacity of , or .

</doc>
<doc id="19345646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345646" title="Hole in the Wall (UK game show)">
Hole in the Wall (UK game show)

Hole in the Wall was a game show that airs on BBC One in the United Kingdom. This game is an adaptation of the Japanese game "Brain Wall" (also known as "Human Tetris") in which, players must contort themselves to fit through cutout holes of varying shapes in a large polystyrene wall moving towards them as they stand in front of a swimming pool. Each week, two teams of television personalities compete for £10,000 in prize money to be donated to their chosen charity.
Dale Winton served as the original host while "Strictly Come Dancing" ballroom dancer Anton du Beke and former international cricketer Darren Gough were the team captains for the first series. Additionally, Jonathan Pearce comments on the replays and Peter Dickson provides the opening voice-over. The wall is activated by the presenter shouting "Bring on the wall!".
On 3 July 2008, the BBC announced that the show had been commissioned for BBC One. A second series was confirmed, with Anton du Beke giving up his captain role to take over from Dale Winton as host, and new team captains in the shape of former rugby player Austin Healey and actor Joe Swash. Anton du Beke has announced he may be a guest as well as hosting on the last show of the series.
Format.
The game is split into four rounds as well as the final "Great Wall".
The first round is "Solo Wall" which sees each team's guest players take a turn to face a wall just on their own. For each wall, 10 points is given to the player for a pass while a fail can be given up to 5 points depending on the host's whim.
Next is the "Captain's Challenge" or "Captain's Mate" which can be one of a number of games:
The third round is "Mystery Guest or Killer Question", the team leading being offered the choice which game they wish to play and the currently losing team playing the other challenge. A maximum of 20 points is on offer.
The fourth round is the "Team Wall". All three players face the wall with a maximum of 30 points on offer.
The programme's finale is the "Mega Wall". The leading team gets to choose to attempt the wall or nominate the opposition. All three players on the team attempt the wall, which travels at double speed - if they clear the wall, they win the show (and the £10,000 to donate to a charity of their choice), while if they fail, the opposing team wins.
Hole in the wall uses a specialised crane made by Street Crane Company of Chapel-en-le-Frith to move the wall.
Series 2 changes.
Series 2, which started on 26 September 2009, contains all new challenges. Solo Wall returns with the Captain's Challenge changing its name to Captain's Mate, as now the captains have to be blindfolded. The Mystery Guest section was eliminated (although, it has made appearances in Anton's Twist). Killer Question is now named Wonder Wall, and a new challenge named Anton's Twist débuts. Team Wall also returns, while the Mega Wall has been renamed the Great Wall.
Production.
Series 1 was recorded at BBC Television Centre in London, with series 2 seeing the show relocating to BBC Pacific Quay in Glasgow as part of an out-of-London production plan. For series 2, the show was also shot in high-definition.
Episode guide.
Series 1.
× In episode 10, Anton's team were deducted two points for cheating (shouting an incorrect call) during Darren's "Captains Challenge" (Darren being blind folded).
Series 2.
This series started on 26 September 2009, presented by Anton du Beke.
× Due to an emergency political broadcast, Episode 6 was not broadcast. It is not known if or when this episode will ever be shown. It was to involve Danielle Lloyd and Mark Foster playing for Joe and Debbie McGee and Ben James-Ellis playing for Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="19345678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345678" title="List of Scotland national football team hat-tricks">
List of Scotland national football team hat-tricks

Since Scotland's first international association football match on 30 November 1872, 29 players have scored three goals (a hat-trick) or more in a game. The first player to do so was John McDougall, a Vale of Leven player, in a match against England on 2 May 1878. The most goals scored by a single player in a match is four, which has occurred on eleven occasions, although some sources credit Hughie Gallacher with a fifth goal in the 1929 British Home Championship match against Northern Ireland on 23 February 1929. Denis Law is the only player to have scored four goals in a single match more than once. Robert Smyth McColl, Law and Gallacher are tied for the most number of hat-tricks for Scotland's international team, with three hat-tricks each. No player has scored a hat-trick for Scotland since Colin Stein scored four goals in the 8–0 1970 FIFA World Cup qualifying win over Cyprus on 17 May 1969. 
Scotland have conceded seven hat-tricks in total, with the first one scored on 2 April 1955 by Dennis Wilshaw in a 1955 British Home Championship match against England. Scotland had not conceded a hat-trick for the first 83 years of international matches, a total of 244 matches. Nico Claesen of Belgium was the first player from outside the Home Nations to score a hat-trick against Scotland, in the UEFA Euro 1988 qualifying match on 1 April 1987. Scotland had only conceded four hat-tricks until the 2003–2004 season when hat-tricks were scored against them in two successive matches, first by Ruud van Nistelrooy in a UEFA Euro 2004 qualifying playoff match against the Netherlands, and then by Robert Earnshaw in a friendly against Wales.
Hat-tricks for Scotland.
Wartime internationals, not regarded as official matches, are not included in the list.
The result is presented with Scotland's score first.
Hat-tricks conceded by Scotland.
Wartime internationals, not regarded as official matches, are not included in the list. The result is presented with Scotland's score first.
Scotland have conceded seven hat-tricks, four of which have been scored by players from the Home Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="19345691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345691" title="Fairbairn steam crane">
Fairbairn steam crane

A Fairbairn crane is a type of crane of an 'improved design', patented in 1850 by Sir William Fairbairn. There are numerous hand-powered versions around the world and one surviving steam-powered example in Bristol Docks, England.
Innovative design.
The crane's innovation was in the use of a curved jib, made of riveted wrought iron platework to form a square-section box girder. This curved jib could reach further into the hold of a ship, clear of the deep gunwales alongside the quay. 
Designing a strong curved jib required Fairbairn's advanced theoretical understanding of the mechanics of a box girder. The tension forces were carried by the outer, convex surface of the girder which was made of these back plates being chain-riveted together. The inner surface carried a compressive load. To avoid this cell plate crumpling, it was made as a cellular structure: an inner plate and webs formed three rectangular cells, effectively box girders in their own right. The character of a box girder is to resist torsional twisting, so a composite face built up of them is also good at resisting crumpling.
The first of these cranes were a batch of six built for the Admiralty at Keyham and Devonport. These were hand-operated and could lift 12 tons to a height of and a radius of . The size of the crane jibs was determined by ships of the period, and their lifting capacity by men's ability to raise the load. Experiments at Keyham with loads of up to 20 tons showed the jib design to be sound, and that the jib at least was capable of handling loads of up to 60 tons.
A "colossal" crane of 60 tons was later built at Keyham, with a cell plate stiffened by four cells. This crane was worked by four men driving through a gear train of 632 times, which must have been hard and slow work at full capacity. As the capacity of the crane was so obviously limited by its motive power, not its strength, they were an obvious candidate for steam power – as was later re-applied to the 60 ton crane at Keysham. There was even a proposal for a high crane, to replace masting sheers at Woolwich. A more typical size for most of these later cranes though would be able to lift 35 tons at a radius of . They were powered by self-contained steam engines, with both boiler and engine mounted on-board the crane.
William Fairbairn & Sons of Manchester built a number of these cranes and also licensed the design to other makers. After the expiry of the patent in 1875, other companies, notably Cowans Sheldon & Co of Carlisle, built many others as late as 1910, often powered by steam, water hydraulics or electricity. They were particularly favoured in naval dockyards for fitting battleship guns; Hong Kong had a battery of four.
Bristol.
The only surviving Fairbairn steam crane is in Bristol, on the quayside at Princes Wharf. It is in the care of M Shed.
Construction.
In the 1870s, Bristol Docks was going through a period of expansion and modernisation in the face of increasing competition from other ports. Iron-hulled ships were becoming larger, cargoes heavier, and there had already been investment in building a railway line along the harbour quay. Crane capacity was limited though – none of the harbour's 17 cranes being able to lift more than 3 tons.
Accordingly a more powerful steam crane was ordered, to be capable of lifting 35 tons and loading it directly onto a railway wagon. This was ordered from local makers Stothert & Pitt in 1875, although to the Fairbairn pattern. As for the later Fairbairn cranes, the original cell plate was changed to a design of a single flat plate stiffened by riveted T section ribs, rather than the original cellular structure. In August 1878 the crane had been completed and tested, at a cost of £3,600 for the machinery, plus the masonry foundations.
The jib has a radius (reach) of and a height of . The crane weighs 120 tons. A vertical boiler inside the cab operates at 100 psi and supplies two twin-cylinder steam engines: one for slewing (turning) the crane, a larger one for winding the lifting chain. The winding drums can be driven by their gearing at four different speeds. The jib box girder extends below ground in a well for . A plain bearing at the foot of the well carries the weight of the crane and roller bearings beneath the cab resist tipping loads. Water for the boiler is supplied by a pump, which originally drew water straight from the dock and is also used for draining the well. The boiler's maker's plate reads "Marshall Sons & Co. Ltd., Engineers, Gainsboro, England, No.92766"; it is the fourth boiler that has served the crane and was installed in 1953.
The cab of the crane is also of iron, with small-paned windows. These window frames are decorated with small roses case into the junctions of the glazing bars. Some time around 1900 the top winding drums and gears were enclosed in a further box on the roof.
In service.
Although mechanically capable, the crane was not a great success commercially. In 1890 it was only used for 16 days of the year, for a profit of just 11"s." 6"d." Ships had increased in size by this time and the jib could no longer reach far enough to remove engines or boilers for repair work. It was even considered raising the crane up on a stone tower, as for the smaller crane at Canons Marsh opposite, to increase the lift height.
In 1892, hydraulic machinery, including cranes, appeared in the docks. These used a powerful central power supply and could transfer cargoes more quickly. In 1906 electric cranes appeared too. The steam crane was required less and less often; for a whole year between April 1905 and April 1906 the crane went unused. From 1903 to 1909 it made a total of 143 lifts. It remained useful for heavy loads, however.
During World War II the crane's heavy capacity came into its own. A Landing Craft Flotilla Unit was stationed on Princes Wharf, and over 1000 new assault landing craft were delivered by road for adaptation for use in the Far East. The crane was used to unload the lorries and to launch the craft after completion, a total of over 2000 lifts in three years.
Today.
The crane is still operational and is regularly steamed.
With the gradual closure of the City Docks, in 1973 the crane was passed to Bristol City Museum. In 1976 it was made a Scheduled Ancient Monument, as the last surviving Fairbairn steam crane. From 1988, it was restored to operational condition as part of the Bristol Industrial Museum. The crane operates on special museum days, such as bank holidays and the Harbour Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19345695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345695" title="Frederick Douglas Underwood">
Frederick Douglas Underwood

Frederick Douglas Underwood (February 1, 1849 – February 18, 1942) was president of the Erie Railroad from 1901 to 1926 and a director of Wells Fargo & Company.
Early life.
Underwood was born in 1849 in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, the son of Enoch Downs Underwood and Harriet Flint (Denny) Underwood. He attended the public schools of Wauwatosa and Wayland Academy, Beaver Dam, Wisconsin. In 1867 he entered the employ of the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railroad, rising from clerk and brakeman to division superintendent.
In 1875 he married Sara Virginia Smith, by whom he had two sons, Enoch William and Russell Sage Underwood. They were divorced in 1886, and in 1893 he married Alice Stafford Robbins.
Railroad career.
In 1886 Underwood was named general superintendent of the Minneapolis and Pacific Railway. Before the end of the year he was superintendent of construction of its successor, the Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railway (Soo Line). Soon after promoted to general manager, he supervised the building of nearly 1,300 miles of line. There was a great rivalry between the Soo Line and James J. Hill's St. Paul, Minneapolis and Manitoba Railway, but Hill came to respect Underwood's ability, and the two leaders worked out a compromise.
When Hill had become a major shareholder in the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad, he secured the appointment of Underwood as vice president and general manager in 1899. However, with control of the B&O by the Pennsylvania Railroad in the offing, Underwood accepted J. Pierpont Morgan's offer of the presidency of the Erie Railroad in May 1901.
Underwood served as president of the Erie for 25 years. During his tenure he made good use of limited financial resources to rebuild the long-troubled Erie as a first-class railroad, especially as a freight carrier. From 1920 to 1926 he was also chairman of the executive committee. A number of executives who served under him went onto fame in their own right, most notably Daniel Willard.
Elected a director of Wells Fargo & Company on January 2, 1902, Underwood served on the board until the company ceased express operations in 1918. He was appointed managing director of Wells Fargo in May 1910, but relinquished the post in November of that year.
The 340-foot, 3,045-ton package freighter "Ramapo", built in 1896 at Buffalo, New York, was renamed "F.D. Underwood" by the Erie Railroad in 1910. Although sold to the Great Lakes Transit Corporation in 1916, the steamer continued to carry Underwood's name until she was sold for scrap in 1940.
Later life.
A licensed captain, Underwood owned three yachts in succession. He was also an early automobile owner. He owned two farms, one in Wauwatosa and another in Farmington, Minnesota; usually he spent his summers at the latter.
Underwood retired as president of the Erie Railroad on Dec. 31, 1926. He died of pneumonia at his home at 151 Central Park West, New York City, at the age of 93 on February 18, 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19345724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345724" title="Jeanne-Marie Busuttil">
Jeanne-Marie Busuttil

Jeanne-Marie Busuttil (born 29 June 1976) is a former professional golfer from France who was a member of the LPGA Tour in the early 2000s.
Amateur career.
Busuttil was born in Paris, France and moved to America where she attended the University of Florida and Arizona State University, playing on teams for both schools. Busuttil won the French Junior Championship in 1991 and became a member of the French National team from 1993 to 1997. While at Arizona State University, she won two collegiate tournaments: the 1996 NCAA East Regional and the 1995 South Carolina Invitational. She was a three-time NCAA All-American and was a member of the 1997-98 NCAA Championship team at Arizona State.
Professional career.
Busuttil turned professional in August 1998 after lettering at Arizona State from 1996 to 1998. In 2001, she finished second at the LPGA Final Qualifying Tournament to earn exempt status for the 2002 season. She competed on the Futures Tour, where she won one tournament and finished fifth on the money list. She was also a member of the Ladies European Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19345769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345769" title="Quilt packaging">
Quilt packaging

Quilt Packaging (QP) is an integrated circuit packaging and chip-to-chip interconnect technology that incorporates conductive “nodules” fabricated on the sides of chips. These nodule structures function as extremely wide bandwidth, low-loss electrical I/O, with sub-micron mechanical chip-to-chip alignment. When utilized for electrical I/O, QP nodules have demonstrated around 2 dB of insertion loss across the entire bandwidth from 50 MHz to 220 GHz.

</doc>
<doc id="19345823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345823" title="1RXS J160929.1−210524">
1RXS J160929.1−210524

1RXS J160929.1-210524 (also known as GSC 6213-1358 or PZ99 J160930.3-210459) is a pre-main-sequence star nearly 470 light-years away in the constellation of Scorpius.
The star was identified as a member of the Upper Scorpius subgroup of the Scorpius-Centaurus Association by Thomas Preibisch and coauthors in 1998, and originally assigned an age of years old based on its group membership.
A more recent analysis of the ages of the stars in the Upper Scorpius group pegs its average age at 11 million years.
Planetary system.
On 8 September 2008, it was announced that astronomer David Lafrenière and collaborators used the Gemini Observatory to take pictures of the star which appeared to show a planet (designated "1RXS J160929.1-210524 b"). The apparent planet is very large—about eight times the mass of Jupiter, orbiting the star at a distance of (roughly or miles). The orbital status of the companion planet was confirmed in a paper submitted on 2010 to "The Astrophysical Journal". This makes it the smallest known exoplanet orbiting its host at such a distance. It is also the first announced directly imaged exoplanet orbiting a sun-like star, and the 2nd directly imaged exoplanet to have spectrum taken (after 2M1207b).
The discoverers note that the object's location far from its star presents serious challenges to current models of planetary formation: the timescale to form a planet by core accretion at this distance from the star would be longer than the age of the system itself. One possibility is that the planet may have formed closer to the star and migrated outwards as a result of interactions with the disk or with other planets in the system. An alternative is that the planet formed "in situ" via the disk instability mechanism, where the disk fragments because of gravitational instability, though this would require an unusually massive protoplanetary disk.
With the upward revision in the age of the Upper Scorpius group from 5 million to 11 million years, the estimated mass
of 1RXS J1609b is approximately 14 Jupiter masses, i.e. above the deuterium-burning limit. An older age for the J1609 system implies that the luminosity of J1609b is consistent with a much more massive object, making more likely that J1609b may be simply a brown dwarf which formed in a manner similar to that of other low-mass and substellar companions.

</doc>
<doc id="19345829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345829" title="Partners in School Innovation">
Partners in School Innovation

Partners in School Innovation (PartnersSI) is a non-profit based in San Francisco working to improve public education in the Bay Area. The organization focuses on development of basic skills in elementary school.
History.
Partners in School Innovation was founded in 1993 with the aim of eliminating the racial achievement gap in public education. Co-founders Julien Phillips, a former Peace Corps Volunteer and McKinsey & Co. partner, and Kim Grose, a Rhodes scholar and social justice advocate, recognized the need for major institutional change in the educational system. They began a model to create systemic improvements in low-performing schools by enlisting the support of AmeriCorps members, or “Partners.”
Overview.
Partners in School Innovation (Partners) works closely with urban school districts to transform the quality of teaching and learning for African American, Latino and English learner students in low-income communities.
Impact on Student Learning Results.
- In 2010, Partners' 12 schools achieved a gain in literacy, as measured by the California Standards Test in English Language Arts (“CST-ELA”), of 6.1 percentage points, more than three times the literacy gain of 1.8 points for the state as a whole. One-third of Partners' schools achieved double-digit literacy gains. Partners' schools outpaced the state in literacy gains made by African-American, Latino and English Learner students.
Partner Districts and Schools.
San Francisco Unified: Bryan Elementary, Cesar Chavez Elementary, Everett Middle, Fairmount Elementary, Flynn Elementary, Monroe Elementary, Muir Elementary, Webster Elementary, Carver Elementary, Revere Elementary
Alum Rock Union Elementary: Cesar Chavez Elementary, Dorsa Elementary, Fischer Middle, Goss Elementary, Hubbard Elementary, Matheson Middle, Muir Elementary 
Oakland Unified: Brookfield Village Elementary, New Highlight Academy, RISE Community School
Battle Creek Public Schools (Michigan): Ann J. Kellogg Elementary, Dudley STEM School, Franklin Elementary School

</doc>
<doc id="19345838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345838" title="Parker Building (New York City)">
Parker Building (New York City)

The Parker Building was a 12-story office and loft structure completed in 1900 at the southeast corner of Fourth Avenue and 19th Street, in Manhattan. The edifice
occupied ground which was formerly the site of the Gettysburg Cyclorama structure.
Insurance company property.
In 1902 the Parker Building was acquired by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. The acquisition was brokered by Frank E. Smith through John F. Hollingsworth.The latter accepted the Westminster Hotel, at Irving Place, as partial payment. The aggregate mortgage on the Parker Building at the time was $900,000.
Temporary art gallery.
Government experts appraised paintings and statuary from the Don Marcello Massaranti collection
of Italian art on the 10th floor of the Parker Building in July 1902. As of August 1904 the art collection continued to be exhibited there. Henry Walters bought the collection for $1,000,000 in Rome, Italy, in 1902. He eventually moved the art to his own gallery at Charles and Centre Streets in Baltimore, Maryland. The building was designed by architects Delano and Aldrich of New York. It became the Walters Art Museum.
Business records.
The Parker Building was sold by the John H. Parker Company through the C.E. Harrell & Company. The Parker Building was
purchased by a group of Chicago, Illinois' capitalists for a price between $1,700,000 and $1,800,000. It was located on a large plot measuring 131 by 150 feet in size. The land it occupied was owned by the Matthews estate and passed into the hands of the Cameron Company in 1897. The Parker Company paid some $700,000 for the ground in August 1899.
In October 1900 C.E. Harrell & Company leased approximately 30,000 feet of floor space in the Parker Building to the Kay Scheerer Company, a seller of surgical instruments and hospital supplies.
Destroyed by fire.
The Parker Building and the adjacent Florence Hotel were burned irreparably by a fire which began on the sixth floor of the Parker Building, on January 10, 1908. A night watchman discovered the flames in rooms occupied by the Dettmer Woolen Company. The hotel was separated from the Parker Building by a narrow alley measuring fifteen feet. The conflagration began around 7 p.m., and by 11 p.m. the Parker Building was gutted.
It was erroneously reported that the fire was started by members of an Armenian Hunchakist sect which was targeting the A & M Karagheusian company, a rug importing firm, located on the fourth floor of the Parker Building. Mihran Karagheusian was threatened by Parseg Nevrovzyan several months prior to the fire. Nevrovzyan vowed to inflict $200,000 in damages to the Karagheusian business, but did not name the Parker Building in making his threat. Nevrovzyan was arrested. He promised to reveal to the Turkish government a revolutionary plot which he claimed Karagheusian's brother, Arshag, was interested in. Arshag resided in Constantinople.

</doc>
<doc id="19345854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345854" title="Austine School">
Austine School

The Austine School, in Brattleboro, Vermont, is an independent, coeducational day and residential school for deaf and hard-of-hearing children age four to eighteen from New England and New York.
History.
In the late 1800s, U.S. Army Colonel William Austine retired to Brattleboro, Vermont. In his will, the Colonel specified a sum of $50,000 to establish a hospital for the treatment of strangers or local residents with extraordinary circumstances. Complying with this wish and under trusteeship, five prominent local citizens incorporated the Austine Institution in 1904. After debate, the Vermont Attorney General, who was also the administrator of the Colonel’s will, prevailed with his suggestion to open a school for blind and deaf students. Support was gained from the Vermont General Assembly to purchase a 200-acre (0.81 km2) farm. In the fall of 1912 the Austine School opened with 16 students.
In 1914, Alexander Graham Bell delivered Austine School’s first commencement address. During the late 1950s and early 60s, the school experienced expansive growth. A new elementary school was added followed by a new high school wing. Soon after, the high school boys' and girls' dormitories were completed. In 1970, the construction of Vermont Hall upgraded the dormitories for the younger children and added administrative offices, a modern kitchen, dining room and health facility.
Vermont Center.
In 1975 the Education for All Handicapped Children Act was passed. This legislation greatly impacted how persons with special needs are educated. As public schools began struggling to accommodate deaf and hard-of-hearing students in mainstream classrooms, Austine School leadership increasingly realized that their education expertise and guidance could be invaluable in helping school systems and families achieve their education goals. Thus the Vermont Center was created to provide statewide, location-based support for deaf education through a consulting network. Programs the Austine School had founded over the years to meet the needs of the deaf community beyond the classroom were grouped under the Vermont Center.
Williams Center.
With mainstreaming underway, the Austine School recognized a marked increase in the percentage of its students who face multiple physical and education challenges. In response, The William Center was created as a separate school licensed by the Department for Children and Families and housed on the Austine Campus as a residential facility for emotionally disturbed deaf children.
Academics and education philosophy.
The Austine School is led by principal Anne Potter and offers residential and day student programs. The elementary school program uses a combination of the Montessori Method, the State of Vermont Framework of Standards and Learning Opportunities and the VCDHH curriculum to develop within students the foundation of knowledge, communication proficiency, critical thinking and conflict resolution skill, and a level of maturity to transition into middle school and beyond. The middle and high school continue to focus on the whole student and adhere to curricula based on VFSLO. Core classes are English, Reading, Math, Science, Social Studies, Art, Health, Keyboarding and Physical Education. Electives are provided.
Austine provides specialized classes for students with multiple disabilities or special learning needs. Each student is encouraged to explore and discover the art of independent and collaborative learning. Additional opportunities take place through a Career Exploration class, a Business Education class, work-based learning, vocational assessment and transition planning. High school students participate in Austine's innovative supported onsite learning program at Brattleboro Union High School and may apply to the Southeast Vermont Career Education Center in Brattleboro for courses that develop specific employment skills in 16 fields.
Striving to prepare students for entry to college and career by making learning relevant to everyday life, the school provides a challenging academic program tailored to meet the individual needs of each student. The ultimate goal for every Austine student is to experience a happy, healthy and successful adulthood.
Austine's idyllic campus provides opportunities for a rich student life, ranging from onsite ropes courses, hiking and swimming, and varsity sports, to participation in Deaf Academic Bowl at Gallaudet University. The mascot is the Arrows.
Austine has a vibrant alumni community, many of whom choose to stay in Brattleboro after graduation.

</doc>
<doc id="19345856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345856" title="United States v. Chadwick">
United States v. Chadwick

United States v. Chadwick, 433 U.S. 1 (1977), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that, absent exigency, the warrantless search of double-locked luggage just placed in the trunk of a parked vehicle is a violation of the Fourth Amendment and not justified under the automobile exception. The court reasoned that while luggage is movable like an automobile, it does not have the lesser expectation of privacy associated with an automobile.
Chadwick was later abrogated on other grounds by California v. Acevedo, 500 U.S. 565 (1982), in which the Supreme Court overruled Chadwick's holding with respect to containers within a vehicle, holding that police may search a container within a vehicle without a warrant if they have probable cause to believe that the container itself holds contraband or evidence. 
Chadwick’s holding that a search incident to arrest must not be too remote in time or place is still good law.

</doc>
<doc id="19345861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345861" title="Larry Grathwohl">
Larry Grathwohl

Larry David Grathwohl (October 13, 1947– July 18, 2013) was a United States Army veteran and an FBI informant during the 1970s. He is best known as the informant who infiltrated the Weather Underground, radical direct action organization in the United States. His exploits were documented in the 1976 book, "Bringing Down America", where he exposed the inner workings of the Weather Underground and the personal activities of many of its members, including Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn. He died, aged 65, in his Cincinnati apartment on July 18, 2013 apparently of natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="19345879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345879" title="USS Lakewood Victory (AK-236)">
USS Lakewood Victory (AK-236)

USS "Lakewood Victory" (AK-236) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations through the end of the war, earning two battle stars, and then returned to the United States for disposal.
Victory built in California.
"Lakewood Victory" (AK-236) was laid down 16 September 1944 by Permanente Metals Corporation, Richmond, California, under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract; launched 17 November; sponsored by Mrs. Edward A. Fitzgerald; and commissioned 11 December, Lt. Comdr. Eric H. Petrelius in command.
World War II operations.
After shakedown, "Lakewood Victory" departed San Francisco, California, 18 January 1945 loaded with a cargo of ammunition, booms, and aircraft. Steaming via Pearl Harbor and Eniwetok, she reached the Mariana Islands in convoy 19 February and supplied combat ships with shells and powder. 
Departing Saipan the 26th, she headed for Iwo Jima with Task Group 50.8. While the battle for Iwo Jima raged, she arrived the 28th and began supplying cruisers, destroyers, and landing craft with ammunition. She continued discharging her cargo until 8 March; then she sailed for the western Caroline Islands, arriving Ulithi the 11th.
On 3 April "Lakewood Victory" cleared Ulithi for logistics support operations off Okinawa. After reaching Kerama Retto 13 April, she supplied waiting destroyers, LSTs, and smaller landing craft with explosive cargo. She was the target of multiple Japanese Zero kamikaze attacks which war thwarted when American Destroyers and Battleships shot them out of the sky before they reached their targets. Her crew worked under cover of protective smoke to transfer ammunition before sailing 23 April for Ulithi, where she arrived the 28th.
"Lakewood Victory" sailed 20 May for the New Hebrides. Steaming via Manus, Admiralty Islands, she reached Espiritu Santo 28 May; loaded ammunition and fog oil; and departed 19 June for Leyte. She arrived San Pedro Bay the 28th and operated off Leyte for more than 2 months. After the Japanese surrender, she returned to the United States via the Mariana Islands and Pearl Harbor, arriving Puget Sound, Washington, 8 October.
After unloading her cargo, she sailed for the western Pacific Ocean 18 November. From 6 December to 2 March 1946 she loaded ammunition at Guam and Saipan.
Post-war decommissioning and career.
Returning to San Francisco 15 March, "Lakewood Victory" decommissioned 16 May and was turned over to the War Shipping Administration (WSA).
Honors and awards.
"Lakewood Victory" received two battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="19345881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345881" title="Holywell Row">
Holywell Row

Holywell Row is a village in Suffolk, England. It is part of the civil parish of Beck Row, Holywell Row and Kenny Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19345883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345883" title="Iraq War in Anbar Province">
Iraq War in Anbar Province

The Iraq War in Anbar Province, also known as the Al Anbar campaign, consisted of fighting between the United States military, together with Iraqi Government forces, and Sunni insurgents in the western Iraqi province of Al Anbar. The Iraq War lasted from 2003 to 2011, but the majority of the fighting and counterinsurgency campaign in Anbar took place between April 2004 and September 2007. Although the fighting initially featured heavy urban warfare primarily between insurgents and U.S. Marines, insurgents in later years focused on ambushing the American and Iraqi security forces with improvised explosive devices (IEDs). Almost 9,000 Iraqis and 1,335 Americans were killed in the campaign, many in the Sunni Triangle around the cities of Fallujah and Ramadi.
Al Anbar, the only Sunni-dominated province in Iraq, saw little fighting in the initial invasion. Following the fall of Baghdad it was occupied by the U.S. Army's 82nd Airborne Division. Violence began on 28 April 2003 when 17 Iraqis were killed in Fallujah by U.S. soldiers during an anti-American demonstration. In early 2004 the U.S. Army relinquished command of the province to the Marines. By April 2004 the province was in full-scale revolt. Savage fighting occurred in both Fallujah and Ramadi by the end of 2004, including the Second Battle of Fallujah. Violence escalated throughout 2005 and 2006 as the two sides struggled to secure the Western Euphrates River Valley. During this time, Al Qaeda in Iraq (AQI) became the province's main Sunni insurgent group and turned the provincial capital of Ramadi into its stronghold. The Marine Corps issued an intelligence report in late 2006 declaring that the province would be lost without a significant additional commitment of troops.
In August 2006, several tribes located near Ramadi and led by Sheikh Abdul Sattar Abu Risha revolted against AQI. The tribes formed the Anbar Awakening and helped turn the tide against the insurgents. American and Iraqi tribal forces regained control of Ramadi in early 2007, as well as other cities such as Hīt, Haditha, and Rutbah. In June 2007 the U.S. turned its attention to eastern Anbar Province and secured the cities of Fallujah and Al-Karmah.
The fighting was mostly over by September 2007, although US forces maintained a stabilizing and advisory role through December 2011. Celebrating the victory, President George W. Bush flew to Anbar in September 2007 to congratulate Sheikh Sattar and other leading tribal figures. AQI assassinated Sattar days later. In September 2008, political control was transferred to Iraq. Military control was transferred in June 2009, following the withdrawal of American combat forces from the cities. The Marines were replaced by the US Army in January 2010. The Army withdrew its combat units by August 2010, leaving only advisory and support units. The last American forces left the province on 7 December 2011.
Background.
Al Anbar is Iraq's largest and westernmost province. It comprises 32 percent of the country's total land mass, nearly , almost exactly the size of North Carolina in the United States and slightly larger than Greece. It borders Saudi Arabia, Jordan, and Syria. The Euphrates River, Lake Habbaniyah, and the artificially created Lake Qadisiyah are its most significant geographical features. Outside of the Euphrates area the terrain is overwhelmingly desert, comprising the eastern part of the Syrian Desert. Temperatures range from highs of in July and August to below from November to March. The province lacks significant natural resources and many inhabitants benefited from the Ba'athist government's patronage system, funded by oil revenues from elsewhere in the country.
The Coalition Provisional Authority (CPA) estimated that about 1.2 million Iraqis lived in Anbar in 2003, more than two-thirds of them in Fallujah and Ramadi. With a population 95 percent Sunni, many from the Dulaimi Tribe, Anbar is Iraq's only province without a significant Shia or Kurdish population. 95 percent of the population lives within of the Euphrates. At the time of the invasion, Fallujah was known as a religious enclave hostile towards outsiders, while Ramadi, the provincial capital, was more secular. Outside the cities, the ancient tribal system run by Sheikhs held considerable influence.
Conditions in Anbar particularly favored an insurgency. The province was overwhelmingly Sunni, the minority religious group that lost its power and influence in post-Saddam Hussein Iraq. Fallujah had an estimated 40,000 Ba'athist operatives, intelligence officials, and military officers. Many did not fight during the invasion (allowing them to claim that they had not been defeated) and "still wanted to slug it out", according to journalist Tom Ricks. Military service was compulsory in Saddam's Iraq and the Amiriyah area contained a sizeable portion of Iraq's arms industry. Immediately after Saddam fell, insurgents and others looted many of the 96 known munitions sites, as well as local armories and weapons stockpiles. These weapons were used to arm the insurgents in Anbar and elsewhere. While only a small minority of Sunnis were initially insurgents, many either supported or tolerated them. Sympathetic Ba'athists and former Saddam officials in Syrian exile provided money, sanctuary, and foreign fighters to insurgent groups. Future al-Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi spent part of 2002 in central Iraq, including Anbar Province, preparing for resistance. Within several months of the invasion the province had become a sanctuary for anti-occupation fighters.
2003.
Invasion.
Anbar experienced relatively little fighting during the initial invasion of Iraq, as the main US offensive was directed through the Shia areas of southeastern Iraq, from Kuwait to Baghdad. An infantry division had been earmarked in 2002 to secure Anbar during the invasion. However, the Pentagon decided to treat the province with an "economy of force" in early 2003. The first Coalition forces to enter Al Anbar were American and Australian special forces, who seized vital targets such as Al Asad Airbase and Haditha Dam and prevented the launch of Scud missiles at Israel. While there was generally little combat, the most significant engagement occurred when elements of the American 3rd Battalion 75th Ranger Regiment seized Haditha Dam on 31 March 2003. Surrounded by a larger Iraqi force, the Rangers held the dam until relieved after eight days. During the siege, they destroyed twenty-nine Iraqi tanks and killed an estimated 300 to 400 Iraqi soldiers. Four Rangers were awarded the Silver Star for the action. In addition, four other Rangers were killed when their checkpoint near Haditha was attacked by a suicide bomber.
At the end of the invasion, the pro-Saddam forces in Anbar–the Ba'ath Party, the Republican Guard, the Fedayeen Saddam, and the Iraqi Intelligence Service–remained intact. Saddam hid in Ramadi and Hīt in early April. Other pro-Saddam forces were able to relocate from Anbar to Syria with money and weapons, where they set up headquarters. The nucleus of the insurgency in its first few months was formed from the pro-Saddam forces in Anbar and Syria. In contrast to the looting throughout Baghdad and other parts of the country, Ba'athist headquarters and homes of high-ranking Sunni leaders were relatively untouched. The head of Iraqi ground forces in the province, General Mohammed Jarawi, formally surrendered to elements of the 3rd Infantry Division at Ramadi on 15 April 2003.
Insurgency begins.
Shortly after the Fall of Baghdad, the US Army turned Anbar Province over to a single regiment, the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment (ACR). With only several thousand soldiers, that force had little hope of effectively controlling Anbar.
The immediate catalyst for violent activity in the Fallujah area came after what many Iraqis and foreign journalists dubbed a "massacre" in Fallujah. On the evening of 28 April 2003, Saddam Hussein's birthday, a crowd of about one hundred men, women, and children staged anti-American protests outside US military outposts in Fallujah. The Iraqis claimed they were unarmed, while the Army said that some individuals were carrying and firing AK-47s. The soldiers manning one of the outposts fired on the crowd, killing at least twelve and wounding dozens more. The Army never apologized for the killings or paid compensation. In the weeks afterwards, the town's pro-US mayor urged the Americans to leave.
On 16 May 2003, the CPA issued Order Number 1, which abolished the Ba'ath Party and began a process of "de-Ba'athification", and on 23 May 2003 issued Order Number 2, which disbanded the Iraqi Army and other security services. Both orders further antagonized the Sunnis of Anbar. Many Sunnis took great pride in the Iraqi Army and viewed its disbanding as an act of contempt towards the Iraqi people. The dissolution also put hundreds of thousands of Anbaris out of work as many were members of the Army or the party. Three days after CPA Order No. 2, Major Matthew Schram became the first American killed since the invasion in Anbar Province when his convoy came under rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) attack on 26 May near Haditha.
June–October 2003.
Following the disbanding of the Iraqi Army, insurgent activity increased, especially in Fallujah. Initially, armed resistance groups could be characterized as either Sunni nationalists who wanted to bring back the Ba'ath Party with Saddam Hussein, or anti-Saddam fighters. The first major leader of the insurgency in Anbar was Khamis Sirhan al-Muhammad, the Ba'ath party regional chairman for the Karbala Governorate, who was originally No. 54 on the US list of most-wanted Iraqis. According to the US military, Khamis received his funding and orders directly from Saddam, then still a fugitive.
In June, American forces conducted Operation Desert Scorpion, a mostly unsuccessful attempt to root out the burgeoning insurgency. An isolated success occurred near Rawah, where American soldiers cornered and killed more than 70 fighters on 12 June and captured a large weapons cache.
In general, American forces had difficulty distinguishing between Iraqi civilians and insurgents, and the civilian casualties incurred during the sweep increased support for the insurgency. On 5 July, a bomb killed seven at a graduation ceremony for the first American-trained police cadets in Ramadi. On 16 July, Mohammed Nayil Jurayfi, the pro-government mayor of Haditha, and his youngest son were assassinated.
As the violence escalated, the Americans responded with what many Iraqis called the "senseless use of firepower" and "midnight raids on innocent men". Human Rights Watch accused the Army of a pattern of "over-aggressive tactics, indiscriminate shooting in residential areas and a quick reliance on lethal force", as well as using "disproportionate force". For example, if Iraqi insurgents set off a mine, the Americans would respond by dropping bombs on houses with arms caches; when insurgents fired a mortar round at American positions near Fallujah, the Americans responded with heavy artillery. American forces near Al Qaim conducted "hard knocks" on local residents, kicking in doors and manhandling individuals, only to discover they were innocent. In an incident on 11 September, soldiers manning a checkpoint near Fallujah shot multiple rounds at both an Iraqi police truck and a nearby hospital, killing seven. Soldiers also beat and abused Iraqi detainees. There was a constant rotation of units through the province, which led to confusion among the American troops: Fallujah had five different battalions rotate through in five months. Summing up the initial American approach to Al Anbar, Keith Mines, the CPA diplomat in Anbar Province, wrote:
November–December 2003.
During the insurgency's Ramadan Offensive, a military Chinook transport helicopter carrying 32 soldiers was shot down with an SA-7 missile near Fallujah on 2 November. Thirteen were killed and the rest wounded. Following the shootdown, Fallujah was quiet for a few months. On 5 November, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld announced that the Marines would return to Iraq early the next year and would take over Anbar Province. As the Marines prepared to move in, there was a growing consensus that the 82nd had lost control of the area, although the only real problem was Fallujah. Some Marine commanders, like Major General James Mattis and Lieutenant Colonel Carl Mundy, criticized the Army's tactics as "hard-nosed" and "humiliating the Sunni population", promising that the Marines would act differently. Riots in Fallujah and Ramadi followed the December capture of Saddam Hussein. The capture of Saddam created significant problems in Anbar: instead of weakening the insurgency, many Anbaris were outraged over what they saw as the degrading treatment of Saddam. Saddam's removal allowed the insurgency to recruit fighters who had previously opposed the Americans but had remained passive out of hatred for Saddam. As Saddam loyalists were killed or captured, leadership positions went to AQI-affiliated hardliners such as Abdullah Abu Azzam al-Iraqi, who was directly responsible for murdering government officials in 2004. While the Ba'ath Party continued to play a major role in the insurgency, the balance of power had shifted to various religious leaders who were advocating a jihad against American forces.
2004.
January–March 2004.
At the beginning of 2004, General Ricardo Sanchez, head of Multinational Force Iraq (MNF–I), claimed that the US had "made significant progress in Anbar Province." However, CPA funds for the province were inadequate. A brigade commander in Fallujah was allocated only $200,000 a month, when he estimated that it would cost at least $25 million to restart the city's factories, which employed tens of thousands of workers. By February, insurgent attacks were rapidly increasing. On 12 February, United States Central Command (CENTCOM) commander General John P. Abizaid and Major General Chuck Swannack, the 82nd Airborne's commanding officer, were attacked while driving through Fallujah. On 14 February, in an incident dubbed the "Valentine's Day Massacre", insurgents overran a police station in downtown Fallujah, killing 23 to 25 policemen and freeing 75 prisoners. The next day, the Americans fired Fallujah's police chief for refusing to wear his uniform and arrested the mayor. In March, Keith Mines wrote, "there is not a single properly trained and equipped Iraqi security officer in the entire Al Anbar province." He added that security was entirely dependent on American soldiers, yet those same soldiers inflamed Sunni nationalists. That same month General Swannack gave a briefing on Anbar where he talked about improved security, declared the insurgency there was all but finished, and concluded "the future for Al Anbar in Iraq remains very bright."
The 82nd Airborne handed control of Anbar Province over to the I Marine Expeditionary Force (I MEF), also known as Multi-National Forces West (MNF-W), on 24 March. Nearly two-thirds of the Marines, including their commanders James T. Conway and James Mattis, had participated in the invasion in 2003. Conway planned on gradually reestablishing control over Anbar Province using a methodical counterinsurgency program, showing respect for the population and training the Iraqi Army and police using military transition teams (based on the Combined Action Program used by the Marines during the Vietnam War). During the transition of authority between the MEF and the 82nd Airborne it became obvious that western Iraq was going to be more problematic for the Marines than southern Iraq had been.
On 15 March, 3rd Battalion 7th Marines operating near Al Qaim got into a firefight with Syrian border guards. On 24 March, several Marines and paratroopers were wounded in Fallujah when insurgents attacked the ceremony for transfer of authority.
Just one week after the MEF had taken over Anbar, insurgents in Fallujah ambushed a convoy carrying four American mercenaries from Blackwater USA on 31 March, killing all of them. An angry mob then set the mercenaries' bodies ablaze and dragged their corpses through the streets before hanging them over a bridge crossing the Euphrates. The American media compared the attack on the mercenaries to the 1993 Battle of Mogadishu, where images of American soldiers being dragged through the streets of Somalia prompted the United States to withdraw its troops.
That same day five soldiers were killed in nearby Habbaniyah when their M113 armored personnel carrier was hit by a mine. According to General Conway, it was the largest mine that had been used in Anbar to date; only a tailgate and a boot were recovered.
First Battle of Fallujah.
In response to the killings, General Sanchez ordered the Marines to attack Fallujah, under direct orders from President George W. Bush and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. General Conway and his staff initially urged caution, pointing out that the MEF had already developed a more nuanced long-term plan to reestablish control over Fallujah and that using overwhelming force would most likely further destabilize the city. They noted that the insurgents were specifically trying to "bait us into overreaction." Despite these objections, General Sanchez wanted a sustained Marine presence in the city within 72 hours.
The Marines began their attack, codenamed Operation Vigilant Resolve, on 5 April. The overall ground commander in Anbar, 1st Marine Division commander General James Mattis, initially planned to use his only available units, 1st Battalion 5th Marines and 2nd Battalion 1st Marines. They would push in from the east and west and methodically contain the insurgents. This plan was underway when on 9 April, General Sanchez ordered an immediate halt.
The main reason behind this order was the coverage by the Al Jazeera and Al Arabiya television networks. The two networks had the only access to the city. They repeatedly reported that Marines were using excessive force and collective punishment, and their footage of dead babies in hospitals inflamed both Iraqi and world opinion. General Conway later summed up their effect on the battle by saying, "Al Jazeera kicked our ass." When the 2nd Iraqi Battalion was ordered to Fallujah, 30 percent of its soldiers refused or deserted, and within days over 80 percent of the police force and Iraqi National Guard in Anbar Province had deserted. After two members of the Iraqi Governing Council resigned over the attack and five more threatened to do so, CPA Leader Paul Bremer and CENTCOM commander General John Abizaid were worried that Fallujah might bring down the Iraqi government and ordered a unilateral ceasefire.
Following the ceasefire, the Marines held their positions and brought in additional units, waiting for what they assumed would be the resumption of their attack. General Mattis launched Operation Ripper Sweep while the Marines waited, pushing the 1st Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion (LAR) and 2nd Battalion 7th Marines into the farmlands around Fallujah and neutralizing many armed gangs operating along the local highways. The 3rd Battalion 4th Marines also conducted a raid into nearby insurgent-held Karmah, which expanded into a major engagement lasting the rest of the month. The Marines were able to keep their supply lines open, but withdrew for political reasons. President Bush refused to allow the resumption of the attack, but was also unhappy with the status quo, asking his commanders for "other options".
Finally, General Conway proposed what was a workable compromise in his opinion: the Fallujah Brigade. Led by former Iraqi Sunni Ba'athists, such as Jasim Mohammed Saleh and Muhammed Latif, and made up largely of insurgents who had been fighting the Marines, the brigade was supposed to maintain order in the city while allowing the US to withdraw and save face. On 10 May, General Mattis formally turned the city over and withdrew the following day. The First Battle for Fallujah had resulted in 51 US servicemen killed and 476 wounded. Iraqi losses were much higher. Marines estimated that about 800 Iraqis were killed. Reports differed on how many were civilians: the Marines counted 300, whereas the independent organization Iraq Body Count argued that 600 civilians had been killed.
Four Marines and soldiers were awarded either the Navy Cross or Distinguished Service Cross for the battle. Another Marine, Captain Douglas A. Zembiec of Echo Company 2nd Battalion 1st Marines, became known as the "Lion of Fallujah" for his actions during the assault.
Ramadi and western Anbar in 2004.
Outside of Fallujah, there were additional attacks on American positions in Anbar throughout the spring and summer of 2004. They were part of a larger "jihad wave" that swept across the Province in mid-April. Gangs of armed youths took to the streets, setting up impromptu roadblocks and threatening supply routes in eastern Anbar Province and around Baghdad. At one point General Mattis feared a general uprising by the Sunni community, similar to the 1978 Tehran protests.
On 6 April, a force of 300 insurgents attacked Marine patrols throughout Ramadi in an attempt to relieve pressure on Fallujah. Sixteen US Marines and an estimated 250 insurgents were killed in heavy street fighting over four days.
Nearly all members of a squad from 2nd Battalion 4th Marines were killed when they drove into an ambush in unarmored Humvees, the first time the Marines had lost a firefight in Iraq. On 17 April, insurgents attacked a Marine patrol in the border city of Husaybah, leading to a series of engagements that lasted the whole day and resulted in five Marines and at least 120 insurgents killed. Around the same time, on 14 April, a squad led by Corporal Jason Dunham was operating near Husaybah when one member of a group of Iraqis who were being searched by Dunham's squad threw a grenade at the squad. Dunham immediately threw himself on the grenade, receiving a mortal wound from the blast but saving his fellow squad members. He later became the first Marine since the Vietnam War to be awarded the Medal of Honor.
Attempting to emulate the perceived success in Fallujah, US commanders in Ramadi responded to the 28 June transfer of sovereignty from the CPA to the Iraqi Interim Government by pulling most forces back to camps outside the city and focusing on securing a highway that ran through its center. Fighting continued to escalate throughout Anbar Province. On 21 June, a four-man Scout Sniper team operating with 2nd Battalion 4th Marines in Ramadi was executed by a group of insurgents who had infiltrated their observation post. In mid-July, General Mattis predicted that Anbar would " to hell" if the Marines could not hold Ramadi. On 5 August, Anbar Provincial Governor Abd al-Karim Barjas resigned following the kidnapping of his two sons by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Barjas appeared on television and publicly apologized for "cooperation with the infidel". He was replaced by an interim governor until January 2005. The head of the Ramadi police force was subsequently arrested for complicity with the kidnappings.
That same month, an Iraqi battalion commander was captured by insurgents in Fallujah and beaten to death. After his death, two Iraqi National Guard battalions near Fallujah promptly deserted, leaving their weapons and equipment to the insurgents. Counterinsurgency expert John Nagl, serving in nearby Khaldiyah, said that his unit knew the local police chief was supporting the insurgency, "but assessed that he had to do so to stay alive." Suicide bombers killed seven Marines from 2nd Battalion 1st Marines on 6 September, eleven Iraqi police near Baghdadi on 23 October, and eight Marines from the newly arrived 1st Battalion 3rd Marines one week later. More than 100 Americans were killed in Anbar from May 2004 to October 2004.
Prior to November, Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi invited representatives from Ramadi and Fallujah in an attempt to negotiate an end to the fighting, similar to his previous dealings with Shia leader Muqtada al-Sadr. In September, with the blessings of the Americans, Allawi disbanded the discredited Fallujah Brigade and privately gave the Marines permission to begin planning an offensive to retake Fallujah. In early October, Allawi stepped up his efforts, demanding that the representatives of Fallujah hand over Zarqawi or face a renewed assault. They refused. Shortly before the Marine offensive began, Sheikh Harith al-Dhari, leader of the pro-insurgent Association of Muslim Scholars, said that "the Iraqi people view Fallujah as the symbol of their steadfastness, resistance and pride."
Insurgency in 2004.
Despite the return of sovereignty to the Iraqi Interim Government on 28 June, the insurgency was still viewed by many Iraqis as legitimate and the Iraqi government as agents of the United States. In late 2004, a CIA officer said that insurgents in Ramadi were receiving financing via Syria "to the tune of $1.2 million a month". The insurgency continued to enjoy broad-based support throughout Iraqi society, showing few of the sectarian divisions which would become pronounced following the 2006 al-Askari Mosque bombing. Shia Iraqis attacked Iraqi military units moving towards Fallujah, Shia leaders called on their supporters to donate blood for insurgents, and Muqtada al-Sadr referred to the insurgents in Fallujah as "holy warriors". Some Shi'ia attempted to join the fighting.
The first in a series of execution videos was released on 11 May by AQI, of its leader al-Zarqawi executing American citizen Nick Berg. Many of these hostages, such as Kim Sun-il, Eugene Armstrong, Jack Hensley, and Kenneth Bigley, were taken to Zarqawi's base in Fallujah for execution.
After the initial push into Fallujah, the US argued that Zarqawi was behind a series of car bombings throughout Iraq. There had been no large car bombings in Baghdad during the siege, and enough munitions and contraband had been uncovered to conclude that many "bombs and car bombs detonated elsewhere in Iraq may have been manufactured in Fallujah." In contrast, there were 30 large car bombs in the two months following the creation of the Fallujah Brigade, and the Brigade was now seen by the US and Iraqi governments as a front for the insurgency. The suicide bombings and the hostage videos made Zarqawi the public face of the Iraqi insurgency in 2004, even though his leadership was disputed by many Sunni nationalist commanders. By late 2004 the US government's bounty on his head matched Osama bin Laden's. However, a senior US military intelligence official described the core of the insurgency in December 2004 as "the old Sunni oligarchy using religious nationalism as a motivating force."
Second Battle of Fallujah.
The order by Allawi to attack Fallujah again came on 6 November, just four days after George W. Bush was reelected as president. 1st Marine Division commander General Richard F. Natonski assembled an ad-hoc force of six Marine battalions, three Army battalions, three Iraqi battalions, and the British Black Watch Regiment. The insurgents, loosely led by Zarqawi, Abdullah al-Janabi, and Zarqawi's lieutenant Hadid, had replaced their losses and reportedly now had between 3,000 and 4,000 men in the city. They planned to hinder the Marine advance with roadblocks, berms, and mines, while conducting attacks outside the city to tie down Marine units.
The attack began on 7 November when General Natonski had the 3rd LAR and 36th Iraqi battalions seize the city's hospital, located on a peninsula just west of the city. The main attack began the night of 8 November. Coalition forces attacked from the north, achieving complete tactical surprise.
The insurgents responded by attacking the Marines in small groups, often armed with RPGs. According to General Natonski, many insurgents had seen pictures of the Abu Ghraib scandal and were determined not to be taken alive. By 20 November, Marines had reached the southern boundary of the city, but pockets of insurgents still remained. The assault battalions divided the city into areas and crisscrossed their assigned areas in an attempt to find the insurgents. Four days later Zarqawi released an audiotape condemning Sunni Muslim clerics for their lack of support, claiming "hundreds of thousands of the nation's sons are being slaughtered." The fighting slowly ebbed and by 16 December the US had begun to reopen the city and allow residents to return.
The battle was later described by the US military as "the heaviest urban combat Marines have been involved in since the battle of Hue City in Vietnam." The official Marine Corps history recorded that 78 Marines, sailors, and soldiers died and another 651 were wounded retaking Fallujah (394 were able to return to duty). One-third of the dead and wounded came from a single battalion, 3rd Battalion 1st Marines. Eight Marines were awarded the Navy Cross, the US military's second-highest award for valor, three of them posthumously. Sergeant Rafael Peralta was also unsuccessfully nominated for the Medal of Honor.
Officials estimated they had killed between 1,000 and 1,600 insurgents and detained another 1,000 out of an estimated 1,500 to 3,000 insurgents who were believed to be in the city. Aircraft dropped 318 precision bombs, launched 391 rockets and missiles, and fired 93,000 machine gun or cannon rounds on the city, while artillery units fired 5,685 rounds of 155 mm shells. The Red Cross estimated that 250,000 out of 300,000 residents had left the city during the fighting. A Baghdad Red Cross official unofficially estimated that up to 800 civilians were killed.
The Second Battle of Fallujah was unique in the Anbar campaign, in that it was the only time the US military and the insurgents waged a division-level conventional engagement. During the rest of the Anbar campaign, the insurgents never stood and fought in numbers that large. The official Marine Corps history claimed that the battle was not decisive, because most of the insurgent leadership and non-local insurgents had fled beforehand. Summing up the Marine Corps view, the United States Naval Institute's official magazine "Proceedings" said, "The Battle of Fallujah was not a defeat—but we cannot afford many more victories like it."
2005.
January–April 2005.
Following the Second Battle of Fallujah, the Marines faced three main tasks: providing humanitarian assistance to the hundreds of thousands of refugees returning to the city, retaking the numerous towns and cities they had abandoned along the Euphrates in the run-up to the battle, and providing security for the Iraqi parliamentary elections scheduled for 30 January.
According to top Marine officials, the elections were designed to help enfranchise the Iraqi government by including Iraqi citizens in its formation. Only 3,775 voters (2 percent of the eligible population) cast ballots in Anbar Province due to a Sunni boycott. The simultaneous elections for the provincial council were won by the Iraqi Islamic Party, which suffered from a perceived lack of legitimacy but nevertheless would dominate the Anbar legislature until 2009.
During the run-up to the elections, a CH-53E helicopter crashed near Al-Rutbah on 26 January, killing all 31 Marines and sailors, most of whom were members of 1st Battalion 3rd Marines and who had survived the Second Battle of Fallujah. This was the single deadliest incident for US troops in the Iraq War.
On 20 February, the Marines launched Operation River Blitz, their first major offensive of the year, centered in the western Euphrates River Valley against the cities of Ramadi, Hīt, and Baghdadi. Different units adopted different strategies. In Fallujah, the Marines surrounded the city with berms, banned all vehicles, and required residents to carry identification cards. In Ramadi, the 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division focused on controlling the main roads and protecting the governor and government center. In western Anbar, the 2nd Marine Regiment conducted search and destroy missions, described as "cordon and search", where they repeatedly pushed into enemy-controlled towns and then withdrew. On 2 April, a group of up to 60 AQI fighters launched a major attack, described as "one of the most sophisticated" seen to date, on the Abu Ghraib prison. The insurgents used a barrage of mortars, coupled with a suicide car bomb, in an unsuccessful attempt to breach the prison, wounding 44 US troops and 13 detainees.
Improvised Explosive Devices.
By late February, a new threat emerged—the improvised explosive device (IED). In 2005, 158 Marines and soldiers were killed by IEDs or suicide bombers, more than half (58 percent) of that year's combat deaths in Anbar. These numbers reflected a nationwide trend. While IEDs had been used since the beginning of the insurgency, the early models had been crudely designed, using "dynamite or gunpowder mixed with nails and buried beside a road". By mid-2005 the insurgents had refined their technique, triggering them by remote control, stringing artillery shells or missiles together, using solid foundations to magnify the explosion, and burying them under roadways to inflict maximum damage. The US responded with a series of progressively more-sophisticated electronic jamming devices and other electronic warfare programs which eventually consolidated into the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization.
On 17 February, Brigadier General Dennis Hejlik filed an urgent request with the Marine Corps for 1,200 Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles, specifically designed to withstand IED attacks, for use in Anbar Province. In his request, General Hejlik added, "The cannot continue to lose ... serious and grave casualties to IED[s." The Marine Corps did not formally act on the request for 21 months. Hejlik later claimed that he was referring to IEDs which "tore into the sides of vehicles", and that the Marine Corps had determined that simply adding more armored Humvees would provide adequate protection. Whistleblower Franz Gayl disagreed, and wrote a report for Congress claiming that the request was shelved because the Marine Corps wanted to use the funds to develop the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, a replacement for the Humvee not scheduled to become operational until 2012. Some Army personnel complained that the Marines took an almost casual attitude towards IEDs. One Army officer in Ramadi complained that, after warning about the large number of IEDs on a particular route, he was told, "Unless there are people melting inside of Humvees, then it's not a real problem."
Western Euphrates River Valley.
By the spring of 2005, both the US and Iraqi governments concluded that the biggest problem facing Iraq was AQI's car bombings in Baghdad. But while the Iraqis wanted to concentrate on Baghdad's suburban belts where the vehicles were being assembled, MNF–I commander General George Casey concluded the real problem was pro-insurgent foreign fighters coming across the Syrian border. He ordered the Marines to launch a campaign that summer to secure the Western Euphrates River Valley (WERV).
On 7 May a platoon from 3rd Battalion 25th Marines near Haditha was nearly overrun by insurgents, but ultimately rescued by one of its non-commissioned officers who was later awarded the Navy Cross. The next day the 2nd Marine Regiment began clearing insurgent havens in the WERV. The first major attack was Operation Matador, against the town of Ubaydi, which CENTCOM claimed was an insurgent staging area. Both 3rd Battalion 25th Marines and 3rd Battalion 2nd Marines participated in the attack. In most cases the insurgents vanished, leaving behind booby traps and mines. At least nine Marines were killed and 40 wounded in the operation, but the insurgents apparently returned to the town afterwards.
AQI was interested in the WERV too. Zarqawi had reclaimed his base in western Anbar, declared Al Qaim as his capital, and was also operating in Hit and the Haditha Triad. On 8 May, the insurgent group Jamaat Ansar al-Sunna ambushed and killed a dozen mercenaries near Hīt. Two days later, Anbar Governor Raja Nawaf Farhan al-Mahalawi was kidnapped and killed by insurgents near Rawah. He was replaced by Maamoon Sami Rasheed al-Alwani.
MEF then began a series of operations in July, under the aegis of Operation Sayeed; in addition to clearing AQI from the WERV, Sayeed was also an attempt to set the conditions for the Anbaris to participate in the December constitutional referendum. They carried out countless operations, with names like New Market, Sword, Hunter, Zoba, Spear, River Gate, and Iron Fist, ultimately culminating in November's Operation Steel Curtain. In August, the 3rd Battalion 25th Marines conducted Operation Quick Strike, a cordon and search operation in the Haditha Triad. Twenty Marines were killed in two days: six snipers were ambushed and killed by Jamaat Ansar al-Sunna on 1 August, and fourteen Marines were killed on 3 August when their Amphibious Assault Vehicle was hit by a mine outside of Haditha.
By October, more Americans had been killed in Anbar than anywhere else in Iraq and senior Marines had switched from talk about victory to simply "containing the violence and smuggling at a level that Iraqi forces can someday handle."
October–December 2005.
On 5 November, the 2nd Marine Regiment launched Operation Steel Curtain against the border town of Husaybah. The Marines reported that ten Marines and 139 insurgents died in the offensive. Medical workers in Husaybah claimed that 97 civilians were killed. On 1 December, ten Marines from 2nd Battalion 7th Marines were killed by a massive IED while on a foot patrol in Fallujah.
On 15 October, the people of Anbar went to the polls to decide whether or not to ratify the new constitution. While the turnout (259,919 voters or 32% of eligible voters) was significantly higher than in the January elections, the results were similar: about 97% of the voters rejected the constitution. On 15 December, there was a follow-up election for the Iraqi parliament. Turn-out was even greater: 585,429 voters, or 86% of eligible voters.
AQI launched a series of attacks in Jordan in late 2005 that were partially based out of Anbar. The group had already unsuccessfully attacked the Trebil checkpoint along the Jordanian border with Anbar Province in December 2004. In August, two US warships in Aqaba, the USS "Kearsarge" and the USS "Ashland", were attacked with rockets; the cell which carried out the attacks then fled into Iraq. On 9 November, three Iraqis from Anbar carried out suicide bombings in Amman, killing 60. A fourth bomber, also from Anbar, was caught.
2006.
Haditha killings.
In May 2006, the Marine Corps was rocked by allegations that a squad from 3rd Battalion 1st Marines had gone "on a rampage" the previous November, killing 24 unarmed Iraqi men, women and children in Haditha. The incident had occurred on 19 November 2005, following a mine attack on a convoy that killed Lance Corporal Miguel Terrazas. A squad of Marines led by Staff Sergeant Frank Wuterich had been riding in the convoy and immediately assumed control of the scene.
Following the mine attack, the Marines stopped a white Opel sedan carrying five Iraqi men and shot them after they tried to run away, before the platoon commander arrived and took charge. The Marines say they were then fired upon from a nearby house, and Wuterich's men were ordered "to take the house". Both Iraqi and Marine eyewitnesses later agreed that Wutterich's squad cleared the house (and several nearby ones) by throwing in grenades, then entering the houses and shooting the occupants. They differed over whether the killings had been permitted under the rules of engagement. The Marines claimed that the houses had been "declared hostile" and that training dictated "that all individuals in a hostile house are to be shot." Iraqis claimed the Marines had deliberately targeted civilians. In addition to the five Iraqi men killed by the sedan, nineteen other men, women, and children were killed by Wutterich's squad as they cleared the houses.
Internal investigations were started in February by the Multi-National Force – Iraq, the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (which examined the actual killings), and Major General Eldon Bargewell (who examined the Marines' response to the killings). A news article that alleged a massacre had occurred was published in March. Haditha became a national story in mid-May due to comments made by anti-war Congressman and former Marine John P. Murtha. Murtha incorrectly claimed the number of civilians killed was much higher than reported and that the Marines had "killed innocent civilians in cold blood." Murtha's broader point about troop misbehavior was reinforced by news of another killing where a squad of Marines executed an Iraqi man and then planted an AK-47 near his body in Hamdania, near Abu Ghraib, as well as the controversial Internet video Hadji Girl, showing a Marine joking about killing members of an Iraqi family.
The military's internal investigation was concluded in June. Though Bargewell found no evidence of a cover-up, his report seriously criticized the Marine Corps for what he described as "inattention and negligence" as well as "an unwillingness, bordering on denial" by officers, especially senior officers, to investigate civilian deaths. MEF commander General Stephen Johnson later said that civilian deaths occurred "all the time", and did not find the high number of deaths to be particularly unusual. He referred to the deaths as "the cost of doing business on that particular engagement." On 21 December 2006, the US military charged eight Marines in connection with the Haditha incident. Four of the eight, including Wuterich, were accused of unpremeditated murder. On 3 October 2007, the preliminary hearing investigating officer recommended that charges of murder be dropped and that Wuterich be tried for negligent homicide instead. Six defendants subsequently had their cases dropped and one was found not guilty. In 2012, Wuterich pleaded guilty to negligent dereliction of duty in exchange for all other charges against him being dropped. At least three officers, including battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Jeffrey Chessani, were officially reprimanded for failing to properly report and investigate the killings.
Second Battle of Ramadi.
In June 2006, Colonel Sean MacFarland and the 1st Brigade Combat Team (BCT) of the 1st Armored Division were sent to Ramadi. Colonel MacFarland was told to "Fix Ramadi, but don't do a Fallujah." Many Iraqis assumed the 1st BCT was preparing for exactly that type of operation, with over 77 M1 Abrams tanks and 84 Bradley Fighting Vehicles, but Colonel MacFarland had another plan. Prior to Ramadi, the 1st BCT had been stationed in the northern city of Tal Afar, where Colonel H. R. McMaster in 2005 had pioneered a new type of operation: "Clear, Hold, Build". Under McMaster's approach, his commanders saturated an area with soldiers until it had been "cleared" of insurgents, then "held" it until Iraqi security forces were gradually "built" to a level where they could assume control. As in other offensive operations, many insurgents fled the city in anticipation of a big battle. The 1st BCT moved into some of Ramadi's most dangerous neighborhoods and, beginning in July, built four of what would eventually become eighteen Combat Outposts. The soldiers brought the territory under control and inflicted many casualties on the insurgents in the process. On 24 July, AQI launched a counterattack, launching 24 assaults, each with about 100 fighters, on American positions. Despite the reported presence of AQI leader Abu Ayyub al-Masri, the insurgents failed in all of their attacks and lost about 30 men. Several senior American officers, including General David Petraeus, later compared the fighting to the Battle of Stalingrad. Despite the success, Multi-National Force – Iraq continued to view Ramadi as a secondary front to the ongoing civil war in Baghdad and considered moving two of Colonel MacFarland's battalions to Baghdad. Colonel MacFarland even publicly described his operations as "trying to take the heat off Baghdad."
Awakening movement.
As the 1st Brigade pushed into Ramadi, it began aggressively courting the local tribes for police recruits. This was critical because, according to Colonel MacFarland, "without their help, we would not be able to recruit enough police to take back the entire city." After the Americans promised the tribal leaders in Ramadi that their men would not be sent outside of the city, the tribes began sending men into the police force. The number of Iraqis joining the police went from 30 a month before June 2006 to 300 a month by July. AQI tried to blunt police recruitment by attacking one of the new Ramadi police stations with a car bomb on 21 August, killing three Iraqi police. They simultaneously assassinated the Sunni sheikh of the Abu Ali Jassim tribe, who had encouraged many of his tribesmen to join the Iraqi Police. The AQI fighters hid the body instead of leaving it for the tribe, violating Islam's funeral rites and angering the tribe. This was one of the catalysts for what became a tribal revolt against AQI. According to David Kilcullen, who would later serve as Senior Counterinsurgency Adviser to General Petraeus, the revolt began after AQI killed a sheikh over his refusal to give his daughters to them in marriage.
During this time, one of Colonel MacFarland's subordinates, Lieutenant Colonel Tony Deane, had kept contact with a low-level sheikh from the Abu Risha tribe, Abdul Sattar Abu Risha. In 2004 and 2005, Sattar's father and three of his brothers had been killed by AQI, but he had refused exile. In early September, Sattar told Deane that his tribe and several others were planning to ally with the United States and throw out the Baghdad-based government. Dean informed Colonel MacFarland, who pledged to support Sattar as long as Sattar continued to back the Government of Iraq. On 9 September, Sattar and former Anbar Governor Fasal al Gaood, along with 50 other sheikhs, announced the formation of the Anbar Awakening movement. Shortly after the meeting, Colonel MacFarland began hearing reports that off-duty Iraqi police operating as the military wing of the Awakening had formed a shadowy vigilante organization called "Thuwar al-Anbar". Thuwar al-Anbar conducted terror attacks against known AQI operatives, while Colonel MacFarland and his soldiers turned a blind eye.
Colonel MacFarland asked his tribal adviser, Captain Travis Patriquin, to prepare a brief for the Iraqi government and the MEF's staff and journalists, all of whom remained skeptical about arming Sunni tribes who might someday fight the Shi'a-led government.
Following the formation of the Awakening movement, violence in Ramadi continued to increase. On September 29, 2006 an insurgent threw a grenade onto a rooftop where a group of Navy SEALs were positioned. One of them, Master-at-Arms Second Class Michael A. Monsoor, quickly smothered the grenade with his body and was killed. He was later awarded the Medal of Honor. On October 18, AQI's umbrella organization, the Mujahideen Shura Council, formally declared Ramadi as a part of the Islamic State of Iraq.
Operation Al Majid.
Even as the Awakening progressed, Anbar continued to be viewed as a lost cause. In mid-August, Colonel Peter Devlin, chief of intelligence for the Marine Corps in Iraq, had given a particularly blunt briefing on the Anbar situation to General Peter Pace, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Devlin told Pace that the US could not militarily defeat AQI in Anbar Province, as "AQI has become an integral part of the social fabric of western Iraq." He added that AQI had "eliminated, subsumed, marginalized, or co-opted" all other Sunni insurgents, tribes, or government institutions in the province. Devlin believed that the only way to reestablish control over the province was to deploy an additional division to Anbar, coupled with billions of dollars of aid, or by creating a "sizeable and legally approved paramilitary force". He concluded that all the Marines had accomplished was preventing things from being "far worse". In early September, Colonel Devlin's report was leaked to the Washington Post.
MEF commander Major General Richard Zilmer responded to press queries about the statement that Anbar Province was lost. Zilmer said that he agreed with the assessment, but added that his mission was only to train Iraqi security forces. He added that if he were asked to achieve a wider objective he would need more forces, but that sending more Americans to Anbar would not pacify the province—that the only path to victory was for the Sunnis to accept the Government of Iraq.
Some of the first offensive operations outside of Ramadi also began in late 2006, with the construction of high dirt berms around several Iraqi cities in western Anbar: Haditha, Haqlaniyah, Barwanah, Rutbah, and Anah. The berming was part of Operation Al Majid, an American-led operation to clear and hold more than in western Anbar. Prior to Al Majid, a previous battalion commander had observed that his unit lacked the manpower to control both the main roads and towns of the Haditha Triad, that the Iraqi Army was as blind as they were, and that the insurgents were killing anyone who spoke to Coalition forces. The 2nd Battalion 3rd Marines had lost over 23 Marines in just two months trying to hold the area. In addition to the berms and the help of a local strongman known as Colonel Faruq, the Marines set up checkpoints in key locations to regulate entry and exit. By early January, attacks in the Triad had dropped from 10–13 per day to one every few days.
The Iraq Study Group Report, released on 6 December, acknowledged that the Awakening movement had "started to take action", but concluded that "Sunni Arabs have not made the strategic decision to abandon violent insurgency in favor of the political process" and that the overall situation in Anbar was "deteriorating". On the same day, Captain Patriquin was killed by a roadside bomb in Ramadi along with Major Megan McClung, the first female Marine officer to die in Iraq. Following the execution of Saddam Hussein, Saddam's family considered interring him in Ramadi because of the improved security situation. On 30 December, an unknown number of loyalists near Ramadi staged a march carrying pictures of Saddam Hussein and waving Iraqi flags.
2007.
Surge.
In his State of the Union Address on 23 January 2007, President Bush announced plans to deploy more than 20,000 additional soldiers and Marines to Iraq in what became known as the Surge. Four thousand were specifically earmarked for Anbar, which Bush acknowledged had become both an AQI haven and a center of resistance against AQI. Instead of deploying new units, the Marine Corps chose to extend the deployments of several units already in Anbar: 1st Battalion 6th Marines, 3rd Battalion 4th Marines, and the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU). The 15th MEU would later be replaced by the 13th MEU as the last surge unit.
AQI had its own offensives planned for 2007. In the first two months of 2007, it shot down eight helicopters throughout Iraq, including two in Anbar. One was brought down by a sophisticated SA-14 or SA-16 shoulder-fired missile on 7 February, near Karmah, killing five Marines and two sailors. AQI also began a series of chlorine bombings near Ramadi and Fallujah. The first attack was on 21 October 2006, when a car bomb carrying twelve 120 mm mortar shells and two chlorine tanks was detonated in Ramadi. The AQI campaign intensified in January 2007. For five months, AQI carried out a series of suicide bombings in Anbar using conventional vehicle-borne explosive devices mixed with chlorine gas. The attacks in general were poorly executed, burning the chemical agent rather than dispersing it.
AQI also continued its assassination campaign. On 19 February, AQI tried to kill Sheikh Sattar in his compound with a pair of suicide car bombs that missed the sheikh, but killed eleven. Several days later the Habbaniyah mosque of an imam who had spoken out against AQI was hit by a suicide bomber during Friday prayers, with 39 killed and 62 wounded. In June, a group of Anbar sheiks meeting in Baghdad's Mansour Hotel was attacked by a suicide bomber, with 13 killed, including Fasal al Gaood, and 27 wounded. On 30 June, a group of 70 AQI fighters planned to carry out a major attack on Ramadi targeting tribal leaders and police in the city, including Sheikh Sattar. Instead they stumbled into a squad from the 1st Battalion, 77th Armor Regiment near Donkey Island, and fought an all-night engagement that resulted in thirteen Americans dead or wounded and half the AQI fighters killed.
MRAPs.
As the campaign in Al Anbar entered its fourth year the Marine Corps scored a major victory when it adopted a vehicle originally designed in the 1970s to withstand mine attacks: the Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle. As early as 2004, the Marine Corps recognized that it needed a replacement for its armored Humvees. The few Cougar MRAP initially deployed yielded impressive results. In 2004, the Marines reported that no troops had died in over 300 mine attacks on Cougars. In April 2007, General Conway estimated that the widespread use of the MRAP could reduce mine casualties in Anbar by as much as 80 percent. Now Commandant of the Marine Corps, he requested an additional 3,000 MRAPs for Anbar and told the Joint Chiefs of Staff that he wanted to require every Marine traveling outside bases to ride in one. In April, the Deputy Commander for MEF said that in the 300 attacks on MRAPs in Anbar since January 2006, no Marines had been killed. On 8 May 2007, Secretary of Defense Robert Gates stated that the acquisition of MRAPs was the Department of Defense's highest priority and earmarked 1.1 billion US dollars for them. The Marine Corps purchased and fielded large numbers of MRAPs throughout 2007. That October, General Conway described the MRAP as the "gold standard" of force protection. Deaths from mine attacks plummeted and in June 2008, "USA Today" reported that roadside bomb attacks and fatalities in Iraq had dropped almost 90 percent, partially due to MRAPs.
Operation Alljah.
In June the Marine Corps launched Operation Alljah to secure Fallujah, Karma, Zaidon, and the Thar Thar regions of eastern Anbar. These regions fell under the umbrella of Operation Phantom Thunder, an overall offensive throughout Iraq using US and Iraqi divisions on multiple fronts in an attempt to clear the areas surrounding Baghdad. In late 2006, the 1st Battalion 25th Marines had turned Fallujah over to the Iraqi Army and Police, who preferred to stay in defensive checkpoints and not patrol the city. Colonel Richard Simcock, whose 6th Marine Regiment would retake the city, later admitted that the Marines had pulled out too soon. In June, he sent the 2nd Battalion 6th Marines into Fallujah, dividing it up into ten precincts and sending Marines and Iraqi Police into each precinct in a duplication of 1st Battalion 6th Marines' operations in Ramadi.
In May, General Gaskin began planning to retake the city of Karmah, which sat astride a main supply route between Fallujah and Baghdad and was an important insurgent stronghold. Unlike other locales, Karmah had no definable perimeter, making it easy for outsiders to access, as when insurgents fled to Karmah after being pushed out of Baghdad. Gaskin sent one of his aides to Jordan to meet with Sheikh Mishan, head of Karmah's largest tribe, the Jumayli. Sheikh Mishan fled to Jordan in 2005 after receiving threats from AQI. Gaskin's aide was able to persuade the sheikh to return in June, partnered with 2nd Battalion 5th Marines. By October, insurgent attacks had dropped to almost zero.
In May, the 13th MEU moved into Thar Thar, a area that was AQI's last Anbar refuge. Their goal was to cut off insurgent travel between Anbar and Salahuddin Provinces into Baghdad and to uncover weapons caches. Resistance was light and many insurgents fled. The insurgents laid over 400 mines to slow the Marines down. In one operation, Marines found 18 tons of homemade explosives and of ammonium nitrate fertilizer. They uncovered several mass graves, containing a total of over 100 victims left behind by AQI. Thar Thar was cleared by August. Operation Alljah was one of the last significant Anbar offensives. By late October, weeks passed without casualties.
America declares victory.
President Bush flew to Al Asad Airbase in western Anbar Province on 3 September, to showcase what he referred to as a "military success" and "what the future of Iraq can look like". While there, he met with top US and Iraqi leadership and held a "war council". Frederick Kagan, one of the "intellectual architects" of the Surge, referred to the visit as the "Gettysburg" of the Iraq War and observed that Bush thought Anbar was "safe enough for the war cabinet of the United States of America to meet there with the senior leadership of the government of Iraq to discuss strategy."
A week after Bush's visit, on 10 September, General David Petraeus, the Commanding General of Multi-National Force – Iraq, and United States Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker gave their Report to Congress on the Situation in Iraq. General Petraeus specifically singled out Anbar Province as a major improvement, referring to the tribal uprisings there as "the most significant development of the past 8 months". He mentioned the dramatic improvements in security, stating that enemy attacks had decreased from a high of 1,350 in October 2006 to approximately 200 in August 2007.
</ref> Ambassador Crocker referred to Anbar Province in his Congressional testimony. He was careful to credit the victory to AQI "overplayits hand" and to the tribal uprising being directed primarily against the "excesses" of AQI. He also referred to the Government of Iraq recruiting "21,000 Anbaris [in police roles", a carefully chosen phrase as many of them were tribal militia. The two referred to Anbar Province a total of 24 times in their testimony.
Three days later, on 13 September, Sheikh Sattar and three other men were killed by a bomb planted near his house in Ramadi. AQI claimed responsibility for the attack and twenty people were arrested in connection with the killing, including the Sheikh's own head of security. About 1,500 mourners attended Sheikh Sattar's funeral, including senior Iraqi and American officials. The leadership of the Anbar Salvation Council then passed to Sheikh Sattar's brother Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha. In December, al-Qaeda deputy leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released an interview where he denied that the tribes of Anbar Province were supporting the Americans, praising them as "noble and honorable" and referring to the Awakening as "scum".
2008–2011.
Transition.
Beginning in February 2008, US forces began returning political and military control of Anbar Province to Iraqis. On 14 February, 1st Battalion 7th Marines withdrew from Hīt. Two days later, American and Iraqi forces conducted a joint heliborne operation meant to show off the Iraqi security forces. More significantly, in late March, both Iraqi Army divisions in Anbar Province, the 1st and 7th Divisions, were sent south to participate in the Battle of Basra. Their participation helped win the battle for the government forces and showcased the major improvements to the Iraqi Army.
Earlier in January, AQI leader Ayyub al-Masri ordered his fighters in Anbar to "get away from the massive indiscriminate killings" and "refocus attacks on American troops, Sunnis cooperating closely with U.S. forces, and Iraq's infrastructure." AQI also ordered its fighters to avoid targeting Sunni tribesman, and even offered amnesty towards Awakening tribal leaders. On 19 April, al-Masri called for a month-long offensive against US and Iraqi forces. In Anbar Province, that offensive may have begun four days earlier on 15 April, when 18 people (including five Iraqi police) were killed in two suicide bombings near Ramadi. On 22 April, a suicide bomber drove his vehicle into an entry-control point in Ramadi manned by over 50 Marines and Iraqi police. Two Marines engaged the driver who detonated his bomb early, killing the guards and wounding 26 Iraqis. Both Marines were posthumously awarded the Navy Cross. On May 8, a group of insurgents crossed the Syrian border near Al Qaim and killed 11 Iraqi policemen and military officers. That same day, four Marines were killed in a roadside blast in Lahib, a farming village just east of Karmah. On 16 May, a suicide car bomber attacked a Fallujah police station, killing four and wounding nine.
In June, it was announced that Anbar Province would be the tenth province to transfer to Provincial Iraqi Control, the first such Sunni region. This handover was delayed by bad weather and a suicide bombing on 26 June in Karmah at a meeting between Sunni Sheikhs and US Marines which killed more than 23 people, including three Marines. In July, presidential candidate Barack Obama visited Ramadi and met with Governor Rasheed, Sheikh Abu Rish, and 30 other sheikhs and senior military personnel. In the meeting, Obama promised that "the United States will not abandon Iraq" (his opponent, John McCain, had visited Haditha in March 2008). On 26 August, Iraqi leaders signed the Command and Control Memorandum of Understanding in a ceremony at the Anbar Governance Center, a step towards taking full control and responsibility for security from Coalition forces. Less than a week later, on 1 September, the transition became official.
Drawdown.
The last major military action in Anbar Province occurred on 26 October 2008, when a group of Army Special Forces conducted a raid into Syria to kill Abu Ghadiya, the leader of a network of foreign fighters who were traveling through Syria. Anbar continued to play a large role in the Iraqi insurgency. That same month AQI announced the formation of the Islamic State of Iraq (ISI), an umbrella group led by Abu Omar al-Baghdadi, a cleric from Anbar. After both Al-Baghdadi and Al-Masri were killed in Tikrit in April 2010, the US believed the new leader of AQI/ISI was Abu Dua al-Badri, a former Emir of Rawa who was married to a woman from Fallujah.
In late 2008, US forces began accelerating their move out of cities across Iraq, turning over the task of maintaining security to Iraqi forces. The Marines pulled out of both Fallujah and Haditha Dam in November and December. Lance Corporal Brandon Lara from 3rd Battalion 4th Marines was the last American service member killed in Anbar, on 19 July 2009. In early August, a unit of Marines operating in Anbar located and recovered the body of Navy Captain Scott Speicher, who had been missing in action since the 1991 Gulf War. By 6 October 2009, the last two Marine Regiments had left, ending the American combat presence. Experts and many Iraqis were worried that AQI might resurface and attempt mass-casualty attacks to destabilize the country. There was a spike in the number of suicide attacks, and AQI rebounded in strength through November 2009 and appeared to be launching a concerted effort to cripple the government.
There were a number of car bombings in Ramadi, Haditha and Al Qaim following the US withdrawal from Iraqi cities on 30 June. Throughout the last months of the year, additional attacks, mainly assassinations, occurred around Fallujah and Abu Ghraib. In October, twin bombings killed 26 people and wounded 65 at a reconciliation meeting in Ramadi. In December, a coordinated double suicide bombing outside Ramadi's government compound killed 25 people and severely wounded Governor Qassim Fahdawi, who lost an arm.
Violence continued through the last months of 2011. In September, a bus carrying Shia pilgrims from neighboring Karbala Governorate was stopped outside of Ramadi and 22 were executed, prompting threats from Karbala to annex parts of southern Anbar Province, including the city of Nukhayb. In November, the provincial council in Anbar announced that it was considering whether to form a semi-autonomous region with other provinces in the Sunni areas of Iraq.
As the Americans withdrew, many Iraqis and Americans questioned the ability of the Iraqi security forces, especially the police, to protect the province. Others expressed skepticism over whether Iran would dominate Iraq and whether the Iraqi government would be able to provide security. One angry Iraqi described the American legacy as "total destruction ... you just came in, destroyed, and left." Discussing the American withdrawal, a journalist in Fallujah predicted that the Government of Iraq would continue to have trouble with Anbar Province, saying, "Anbar was where instability began in Iraq. It was where stability returned. And it is where instability could start again."
Withdrawal.
The United States military in Anbar Province had a series of reorganizations in late 2009 and early 2010. The last non-American foreign forces left Iraq on 31 July 2009 and Multi-National Forces West became United States Force – West. On 23 January 2010, the Marines formally left both Anbar Province and Iraq, transferring American military commitments over to the United States Army's 1st Armored Division. The Army promptly merged United States Division West with United States Division – Baghdad, creating United States Division – Center to advise Iraqi forces in both Anbar and Baghdad. In December 2010, the 25th Infantry Division assumed responsibility for Anbar Province. On 7 December, the United States transferred its last base in Anbar Province, Al Asad, to the Iraqi Government. One week later, hundreds of Fallujah residents celebrated the pullout by burning American flags in the city.
Human rights abuses.
Both sides committed human rights abuses in Anbar Province, often involving civilians caught in the middle of the conflict. By late 2005, abuses had gotten so common that one American officer nonchalantly referred to "discovering ... 20 bodies here, 20 bodies there" and the head of MNF-W referred to them as "a cost of doing business." During Operation Steel Curtain, insurgents forced their way into peoples' houses and held them hostage while engaging in gun battles with American forces, who often destroyed the homes. One Sunni Iraqi family described how in 2006 they fled the sectarian violence in Baghdad to Hīt. During their yearlong stay in Hīt, they watched AQI fighters kidnap a man for talking back to them; the fighters later dumped the man's body on his doorstep. The family also watched an American patrol hit a mine in front of their house, and worried that the Americans would conduct reprisal killings on the family. An Iraqi sheikh spoke about how he was accidentally shot and arrested by the Americans and thrown in Abu Ghraib prison where he was tortured. After his release he was targeted by insurgents in Fallujah who thought he was an American spy.
By the Coalition.
For the American forces, abuses were typically either a disproportionate use of firepower or servicemen committing extrajudicial killings (such as in Haditha). Many accusations of human rights violations against the United States were connected with the First and Second Battles of Fallujah. Following the assault, the United States military admitted it had employed white phosphorus artillery rounds, the use of which is not permitted in civilian areas under the United Nations Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. Several Marines, all of them from the 3rd Battalion 1st Marines, were later charged (but not convicted) with executing Iraqi prisoners. Some British advisers also complained that the Marines had little regard for civilian casualties and had used munitions containing depleted uranium that caused birth defects for years after the battle.
American forces also killed civilians through aerial bombing. Between 2003 and 2007, 1700 Iraqis on all sides were killed by aerial attack in Anbar Province. On 19 May 2004, 42 civilians were killed near Al Qaim when American planes mistakenly bombed a wedding party. In November 2004, 59 civilians were killed when the US bombed Fallujah's Central Health Center. In November 2006, an American airstrike in Ramadi killed 30 civilians. Some accusations, such as the alleged bombing of a Fallujah mosque in April 2004 that killed 40, were later proven to be exaggerated or false.
An unknown number of Iraqis in Anbar were also killed through Escalation of Force (EOF) incidents, where American troops were allowed to fire at suspicious-looking Iraqi vehicles and persons under their rules of engagement. These incidents typically occurred at both coalition checkpoints and near coalition convoys on the road. One civil affairs officer recounted two separate incidents in Ramadi where families in cars were fired on for not stopping at checkpoints: in one incident the husband was killed; in another, the wife died and a boy was critically wounded.
Other violations involved detainee abuse. An August 2003 memo on detainee interrogations prompted one soldier with the 3rd ACR in Anbar to reply that "the gloves need to come off." In November 2003, former Iraqi general Abed Hamed Mowhoush died at a detention facility near Al Qaim after US Army interrogators stuffed him inside a sleeping bag and beat him to death. In 2005, several members of the 82nd Airborne described how in 2003 they beat and abused prisoners at Camp Mercury, a forward operating base near Fallujah. Iraqi security forces also committed abuses. In 2007, a Marine commander near Thar Thar uncovered several instances of Iraqi soldiers raping civilians and Iraqi police torturing prisoners.
Finally, while not an abuse, there was a perception among some Iraqis that Americans did not care about them. A leading cleric in Anbar later complained that:
By insurgents.
The various insurgent groups regularly executed and tortured suspected Iraqi collaborators and captured Westerners, as well as Iraqis they considered insufficiently religious. One Iraqi Christian told Human Rights Watch how he was stopped by insurgents in Anbar and ordered to convert to Islam or face death. Another Iraqi Shia related how insurgents from other Arab countries had expelled many Kurds and Shi'ia from cities and executed others. After the Second Battle of Fallujah, American forces uncovered Al Qaeda torture and execution chambers, which had been used on Iraqis suspected of working with Westerners or the Iraqi government. Some of the chambers still contained victims. Some executions, like those of Nicholas Berg and Kim Sun-il, had been videotaped by their perpetrators. Some Fallujah residents stated that during the battle, Al Qaeda had shot anyone trying to leave.
In Haditha, after the Marines were withdrawn in order to fight in Fallujah, insurgents "rounded up dozens of local police officers and publicly executed them in a soccer stadium." When the Marines were withdrawn a second time later in 2004 there were similar massacres of local police. They enforced strict Islamic laws, such as breaking the fingers of smokers, whipping those who drank alcohol, and banning shops from selling images of women. An Iraqi woman from Ramadi said Al Qaeda banned women from driving or walking alone by themselves. AQI also abused local women, which antagonized some of the local tribes. Women, pretending to be seamstresses, were drafted to reconnoiter houses and report on the presence of Iraqi police in hiding. If they could not find the police, they would settle for killing their close relatives. They also murdered countless Iraqis: doctors, mullahs, college graduates, even women and children—anyone they thought might be connected to the Americans. In 2007, American Marines found several mass graves near Lake Tharthar containing a total of over 100 victims.
Reactions.
According to Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha, many Iraqis became disaffected with AQI but were hesitant to take up arms against them out of fear. Sheikh Ahmed said that the biggest complaint about AQI was that they were unable to create a degree of normalcy, and that "people are wearing masks ... cannot build the country". Other sheikhs specifically said that the large number of killings and kidnappings by AQI prompted the tribal revolt. AQI leader Ayyub al-Masri practically admitted as much in 2008 when he ordered fighters in Anbar to avoid harming Sunnis who were not working closely with coalition forces and "not interfere in social issues". However, David Kilcullen argued that the abuses themselves may have been less of an issue than AQI disrupting the tribes' smuggling businesses, the belief that AQI was linked to Iran, and their general "high-handed" behavior. He added that, whatever the spark, there was already a perception that AQI "had it coming".
In the United States, incidents like detainee abuse and the Haditha killings became front-page news, but many Iraqi deaths by American or Iraqi security forces went unreported. While the U.S. military claimed that "the vast majority" of Iraqi deaths were caused by other Iraqis, incidents like Fallujah and Haditha caused many Iraqis to become embittered towards the Americans. This later led to Iraqi outrage in 2011, when the U.S. unsuccessfully tried to negotiate a long-term presence in Iraq that would give immunity to American military personnel. Iraqis were further angered by what they perceived as a "travesty of justice" over the lack of convictions of American military personnel. Writing in the aftermath of the Haditha killings, retired U.S. Army Colonel Andrew Bacevich said:

</doc>
<doc id="19345904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345904" title="Barry Glendenning">
Barry Glendenning

Barry Glendenning (born March 12 1973) is an Irish sports journalist who currently holds the position of deputy sports editor on the "guardian.co.uk" website run by the UK newspaper "The Guardian". He is perhaps best known for his work on Guardian Unlimited's football podcast Football Weekly hosted by James Richardson. He also regularly contributes to the site's satirical daily email service, The Fiver. He is often found at the helm of the Guardian Unlimited "minute by minute reports", which feature live text coverage of Premier League and Champions League games and internationals. 
He is a supporter of Sunderland AFC.
He boarded at the prestigious Blackrock College in south county Dublin. Glendenning's favourite fish is salmon.

</doc>
<doc id="19345909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345909" title="Edziza">
Edziza

Edziza can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19345917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345917" title="Wes Patten">
Wes Patten

Wes Patten (born 17 February 1974) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s. He played for the Balmain Tigers, Gold Coast Chargers, South Sydney Rabbitohs and the St. George Illawarra Dragons. Patten primarily played at half-back.
Patten now works as a reporter and sideline host for the Barefoot Rugby League Show on National Indigenous Television (NITV). Prior to this, He guested in Australian soap opera "Home and Away" in 1993 as student Kevin Baker and also acted in the Australian television show "Heartland".
Wes Patten was allegedly involved in a home invasion but was acquitted. He is the cousin of Anthony Mundine.

</doc>
<doc id="19345924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345924" title="Sam Beeton">
Sam Beeton

Sam Beeton (born Samuel John Beeton, 13 September 1988, Nottingham, England) is a British singer-songwriter and musician. He released his debut single "What You Look For" in September 2008, which reached number 41 in the UK charts in the week up to 20 September 2008. His first album, No Definite Answer, was released on iTunes in 2008. Rumours on the net link Sam to an alter ego named "Boo Jefferson" though the artist has denied any connection.
Early life.
Sam attended Carlton Le Willows design and technology college. Sam Beeton was discovered while playing in a bar, The Old Volunteer he was still at school aged 14. Sam was signed to the Notts County School of Excellence and played for the youth teams for 3 years at left midfield.
He played in a local young recording band called The Drains who are still playing on the Nottingham circuit.
Sam is involved in local charities as The Julie Cotton Foundation. He always plays at the annual concert at Rock City.
Sam has also modelled for the British fashion label Burberry, notably the Spring 2009 collection.
Music career.
Sam was nominated for the Best Pop Act at the BT Digital Music Awards, and lost to Kylie Minogue. Very much a rising star, Sam Beeton has supported The Script, Sandi Thom, James Morrison, Scouting for Girls and Charlie Simpson on full UK tours and has also completed one UK tour in his own right. Beeton's first single had an unprecedented run as "record of the week" on the two shows Jo Whiley and Scott Mills of BBC Radio One consecutively.
He appears to enjoy the more 'intimate' gig than the larger venues where he states, "at some big gigs, when supporting, it's hard to get your music across. My recent show at the Nottingham venue, Glee Club (comedy club) was amazing, you could have heard a pin drop!" Whilst this could be taken out of context, it is a reflection of the reception of the lesser known artist when supporting the more mainstream artist. The comment however does display that his fans are extremely respectful of his talents. Another venue where Sam regularly plays to sell out audiences is The Bedford in Balham, London - [http://www.thebedford.co.uk]

</doc>
<doc id="19345959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19345959" title="Angband (band)">
Angband (band)

Angband is a Persian power metal/progressive musical group, formed in 2004 in Tehran.
Band history.
Angband was formed in 2004 in Tehran by Mahyar Dean, a classically trained musician and author who is known for writing books about the bands Death and Testament. Angband was originally conceived as a progressive metal/instrumental project, but with the inclusion of singer Ashkan Yazdani they headed in a more power metal/progressive metal vein. 
Once Ramin Rahimi joined the band as drummer, the band was able to record their first full length album, which was titled "Rising from Apadana". Mahyar Dean played the bass parts as well as the guitars but shortly after the album was released, M. Halaji joined the band as full time bassist.
After the release of the first album, Ramin Rahimi, who is a skilled percussion player, signed a deal with ARC Music for a solo project. His solo music mostly focuses on Iranian percussion and drums. Angband uses Daff a Persian percussion in their music exclusively.
In April 2011 M. Halaji left the band and was replaced by Farshad Shokuhfar, a bass player that Mahyar Dean saw in a concert a few months before.
Music history.
Angband entered the studio in July 2007 to record their debut album "Rising from Apadana". Shortly thereafter, they signed a record deal with Pure Steel Records of Germany. They are the first Heavy Metal band from Iran to sign with an international record company.
"Rising from Apadana" was released on August 29, 2008, to some positive reviews.
2009-10.
In June 2009 they announced that the title of their second album would be "Visions of the Seeker". It was originally due to be released by the fourth quarter of that year but the release was held back to 2010 because of a production problem. In May 2010 Germany's "Metal Hammer" posted a full site interview/article about the band.
The band collaborated with the well-known producer/sound engineer Achim Kohler (Primal Fear, Brainstorm) and the mixing and mastering process was finished in August 2010. The album delayed about a year but finally released on October 29, 2010.
Angband's first official video, "Forsaken Dreams", was released in November 2010.
2011-12.
In April 2011 the band announced that they were working on a new album with their new bassist Farshad Shokuhfar. when they finished recording the album titled Saved from the Truth as was the case with previous album the mixing and mastering was handled by Achim Kohler. the album released on September 28, 2012 and was met with acclaim by the international press. "the prog-influences have gained much more room on this album...on 'Saved From The Truth’ the gentlemen show progress on all fronts." lords of metal magazine describes the album 

</doc>
<doc id="19346003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346003" title="Bond Clothing Stores">
Bond Clothing Stores

Bond Clothing Stores, Bond Clothes, Bond Clothiers, or Bond Stores, was a men's clothing manufacturing company and retailer. The company catered to the middle-class consumer.
History.
The company was founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1914, when Mortimer Slater, with Charles Bond and Lester Cohen, founded the stores as a retail outlet for their suit manufacturing company. The first store featured fifteen-dollar men's suits. As president Mr. Slater built the concern into a million-dollar corporation, increasing the number of employees from fifty to more than 4,000. At his retirement in 1924, the concern had twenty-eight stores in large cities. Bond Stores, Inc. was organized in Maryland on March 19, 1937 by the consolidation of Bond Clothing Company, a Maryland corporation, and its subsidiary, Bond Stores, Inc. The principal executive offices of the corporation were located at 261 Fifth Avenue in New York City.
During the 1930s and 1940s, it became the largest retail chain of men's clothing in the United States, best known for selling two-pant suits. In 1975, the company was sold to foreign investors, then broken up and sold in smaller groups to its management. For instance, 13 stores were operated by the Proud Wind, Inc. company.
Manufacturing operations.
In 1933, company president Barney S. Ruben (1885–1959) moved the manufacturing center of Bond Clothes from New Brunswick, New Jersey to Rochester, New York where he spent his youth and got his start in the clothing industry with Fashion Park Clothes. By the end of the 1930s, the manufacturer grew to employ over 2,500 people. During the 1940s the company expanded to larger manufacturing facilities on North Goodman St. In 1956, wholly owned manufacturing plants operated at New Brunswick, New York City, and Rochester. The Rochester facility was later sold to General Dynamics. The company's manufacturing facilities remained in Rochester until 1979, when the factory was finally closed.
Retail stores.
Bond Stores operated numerous retail outlets in the United States. Principally a men's clothier, by the mid-1950s some stores also carried women's clothing, and later became known as "family apparel centers." In 1956, the chain operated nearly 100 outlets from coast to coast in principal cities, in addition to more than 50 agency stores that sold goods in smaller communities. In the late 1960s there were around 150 retail outlets. By 1982, that number had dwindled to 50.
Around 1970, new management knowledgeable in fashions took over Bond Clothes, but their knowledge of the retail clothing industry did nothing to Save Bond Clothes from its eventual demise.
New York City.
Its New York City flagship store was at 372 Fifth Avenue at 35th Street, the former flagship of Best & Co. Known as "Bond Fifth Avenue," they began leasing the store and the adjoining 12-story office tower from Best & Co. in 1947. In 1948, Bond renovated the entire building with ultra-modern interiors under the direction of designer Morris Lapidus. Bond stayed in the building until the mid-1970s. The building has most recently been redeveloped by the Paratis Group as a commercial / residential complex known as the "372 Fifth Avenue Loft."
The company also operated a store at Times Square. That outlet opened in 1940, was dubbed "the cathedral of clothing." The store closed in 1977. Starting in 1980, the building was a dance club called Bond International Casino, notable for hosting a concert by The Clash in 1981. The building now houses a restaurant called Bond 45.
Washington D.C. and vicinity.
Bond Stores first entered the Washington, D.C. market in 1925. In Washington, D.C., the local flagship store was at 1335 F Street, NW, in the heart of the downtown shopping district. It opened in the early 1930s and closed in January 1982. 
Suburban locations in Northern Virginia operated at Landmark Mall in Alexandria (opened 1966) and Seven Corners Shopping Center in Falls Church (opened October 1956, closed 1976). Outlets in suburban Maryland operated at Montgomery Mall in Bethesda, Prince George's Plaza in Hyattsville (opened 1959, closed ca. 1982), and Marlow Heights Shopping Center at Marlow Heights.
Buffalo, New York.
Bond Stores operated at least two locations in the Buffalo, New York area. In 1940, they took over the Givens, Inc. women's and children's apparel store at 452-54 Main Street in downtown Buffalo. A suburban location opened in 1962, at the new Boulevard Mall.
Times Square sign.
Between 1948 and 1954, Bond Clothes operated a massive sign on the east side block of Broadway between 44th and 45th St. in New York's Times Square. The sign had nearly 2 miles of neon and included two 7-story-tall nude figures, a man and a woman, as bookends. Between the nude figures, there was a and waterfall with 50,000 gallons of recirculated water. Beneath the waterfall was a zipper sign with scrolling messages. The Bond zipper was made up of over 20,000 light bulbs. Above the waterfall was a digital clock with the wording "Every Day 3,490 People Buy at Bond." Some of the sign remained in place to advertise the Bond Stores location until the stores closure in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19346009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346009" title="Camp v. United States">
Camp v. United States

Camp v. United States, , was an action brought by the appellant on April 13, 1869 to recover a balance alleged to be due as compensation for collecting and delivering to the United States a large amount of cotton in bales which was captured and abandoned property within the meaning of the acts of Congress. He claimed to have performed the services in question under an arrangement or agreement with an agent of the US Treasury Department which the Secretary of the Treasury subsequently recognized as a valid contract with the government. He admits certain payments on his claim, and asks judgment for the further sum of $80,000. The court below dismissed his petition. 
The precise form in which appellant's claim for compensation was presented at the Treasury Department is not shown by the findings of fact. The orders given in 1865 by the assistant Secretary for the statement of an account and a requisition in favor of the claimant discloses the fact that Camp had collected the cotton "for an interest therein," and that the payment of $30,000 was intended as an advance to him on account of his expenditures in relation to the cotton, while the payment of $15,000 to Smith was "on account of his joint interest with Camp in said cotton." But this falls far short of an agreement by the Department to make further payment. These facts, at most, imply necessarily nothing more than that the Department was willing under the circumstances to compensate him to the extent of the foregoing sums. Whether he should receive any compensation or how much should be awarded him were matters which depended, as we have seen, upon the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury. No one acting by his authority had bound the government to make compensation. If the Secretary refused to pay anything, the claimant had no remedy except to apply to Congress for a special appropriation in his behalf. The mere payment of $45,000 on a claim for a much larger sum as compensation for services rendered in delivering captured or abandoned property to the government—for which services it was under no legal obligation, express or implied, to make compensation—cannot be deemed a recognition of a legal liability to make further payments on such claim. We find in the record no evidence of any purpose or agreement upon the part of the Secretary of the Treasury to make compensation to claimant beyond that already allowed, and to say that the court may award such compensation as it deems just and proper is to impose upon the government the obligations of a contract in respect of captured or abandoned property which, under the acts of Congress, only the Secretary of the Treasury or such agents of the Department as he designated for that purpose had authority to make. 
These views made it unnecessary to consider other questions argued by counsel, and lead to an affirmance of the judgment.

</doc>
<doc id="19346081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346081" title="Arkansas v. Sanders">
Arkansas v. Sanders

Arkansas v. Sanders, 442 U.S. 753 (1979), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that, absent exigency, the warrantless search of personal luggage merely because it was located in an automobile lawfully stopped by the police is a violation of the Fourth Amendment and not justified under the automobile exception. Similar to "United States v. Chadwick", the luggage was the subject of police suspicion before being placed in the vehicle.
"Sanders" resolved two distinct lines of cases: on the one hand, "Carroll v. United States" laid down the automobile exception which allowed for warrantless searches of automobiles; on the other hand, "Chadwick" did not allow for a warrantless search of luggage. Sanders declined to extend the automobile exception here, again stressing, as in "Chadwick", the heightened expectation of privacy in one's luggage.

</doc>
<doc id="19346082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346082" title="The Second Victory">
The Second Victory

The Second Victory is a 1986 British drama film directed by Gerald Thomas and starring Anthony Andrews, Helmut Griem and Max von Sydow.

</doc>
<doc id="19346088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346088" title="Pale Blue Dot (album)">
Pale Blue Dot (album)

Pale Blue Dot: A Tribute to Carl Sagan is the first studio album released by Benn Jordan using his own name, instead of the various pseudonyms he generally releases his music under (predominantly The Flashbulb).
Jordan shifts away from his typical drill n bass style with an original and flowing ambient album paying tribute to scientist Carl Sagan. The album title is an homage to the famous Pale Blue Dot photograph of Earth taken by "Voyager 1" from over four billion miles away.
Track listing.
All songs written by Benn Jordan.
Online distribution.
By September 10, 2008, the album had also been released in MP3 and FLAC formats on several private trackers which includes the same message addressed to downloaders that was attached to the torrent file for "Soundtrack to a Vacant Life".
External links.
http://www.discogs.com/release/1445735
http://www.alphabasic.com/index2.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19346092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346092" title="WGCU">
WGCU

WGCU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19346127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346127" title="Chezhina Svetlana">
Chezhina Svetlana

Chezhina Svetlana (Russian: Чежина Светлана Игоревна), born January 12, 1985, is the first manga artist from Kazakhstan. She works under the Japanese pseudonym Midorikawa Tsuyoshi (Japanese: 緑川毅志) that can be translated as "Green River, a strong soul (heart)", despite the chosen given name being a masculine name.
Biography.
Svetlana was born in 1985 in the town of Rudniy, Kostanai Province, Republic of Kazakhstan.
In the 14 years to continue the study moved to Russia, in a small Ural town Korkino. And in the first year of life in Russia she became interested in Japanese animation.
In 2000, Svetlana entered the Chelyabinsk Art College at a special «Decorative and applied arts and folk crafts» specialized «Art ceramics.»
Protecting a diploma with honors, in 2004 the artist has finished training.
And in 2002 she had the idea to go to university, specializing in «artist-animator anime.»
Contact with the famous Japanese artist Naoko Takeuchi-author stories "Bishōjo Senshi" ("Sailor Moon"), Svetlana learned about the manga. And on the advice Takeuchi-sensei tried themselves in art comics. Then she took seriously the creation of comic stories.
In 2005, the press got her first comic "Dream \ Yume" [http://midorikawa.ru/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=19&Itemid=37]. The project was an important stepping stone in the works of the author. Through plot comics she tried to understand themselves and express their own outlook. It was after this work Tsuyoshi received public recognition.
Works.
Comics
Genre: Shōjo\Shōnen.
Adventures with elements of fantasy and mysticism.
Genre: a psychological drama.
Illustrations

</doc>
<doc id="19346144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346144" title="MS West Honaker">
MS West Honaker

MS "West Honaker" was a diesel-powered cargo ship of the that was part of the "Corncob Fleet" of old ships sunk as part of the "gooseberry" breakwater off Utah Beach during the Normandy invasion. The ship was originally built as SS "West Honaker", a steam-powered cargo ship built for the , a predecessor of the . At the time of her completion in 1920, the ship was inspected by the United States Navy for possible use as USS "West Honaker" (ID-4455) but was neither taken into the Navy nor ever commissioned under that name.
"West Honaker" was built in 1920 for the , as a part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort, and was the 28th ship built at Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company in San Pedro, California. In 1926, "West Honaker" was outfitted with diesel engines that replaced her original steam engines as part of a pilot program by the . After her conversion, she sailed on a New York – Australia route. On her second trip to Australia, from August 1927 to March 1928, she became the first diesel ship to circumnavigate the globe. In 1929, she began sailing for an around-the-world cargo service from the Pacific coast to South Africa
By the late 1930s, she had been laid up, but was reactivated for merchant service prior to World War II. She sailed to Australia and New Zealand until after the United States' entry into World War II, and in transatlantic service to the United Kingdom for most of the time after that. In March 1944, she sailed from the United States for the final time, and was incorporated into the Corncob Fleet of old ships scuttled in June to make the "gooseberry" breakwater off Utah Beach during the Normandy invasion. This last voyage earned the West Honaker a battle star.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Honaker", the one of some 40 "West" ships built by the Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company of Los Angeles. "West Honaker" (Los Angeles Shipbuilding yard number 28) was completed in December 1920.
"West Honaker" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a steel hull and a deadweight tonnage of . Sources do not give "West Honaker"s other hull characteristics, but , a sister ship also built at Los Angeles Shipbuilding had a displacement of 12,225 t with a mean draft of , and a hold deep. "West Honaker"s power plant was a single triple-expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller, which moved the ship at up to .
Early career.
"West Honaker" was inspected by the United States Navy after completion for possible use as service collier and was assigned the identification number of 4455. Had she been commissioned, she would have been known as USS "West Honaker" (ID-4455), but the Navy neither took over the ship nor commissioned her.
Destinations and cargo during "West Honaker"s first six years of service are largely unreported in sources. In 1926, however, she was the first ship in a pilot program to replace steam engines of seven -owned ships with diesel engines. "West Honaker"s engine, reported by "The Washington Post" as the largest American-made diesel equipment to that time, was built by McIntosh & Seymour and installed at the Fore River Shipyard near Boston. An Associated Press news item reported that the ship's $1,000,000 conversion, which extended the ship's cruising radius from to , would lower her cost of operation by 15% annually. After her sea trials were complete, "West Honaker" sailed to Savannah, Georgia, where she began carrying cotton from that port to Bremen.
In January 1927, the established the Atlantic Australian Line, an all-diesel New York – Australia service, and assigned "West Honaker" to the company. The eight ships in the service—operated by the Roosevelt Steamship Company in conjunction with another -line, the American India Line—sailed east from New York via the Suez Canal through the Indian Ocean and on to Australia and back via the same route. On 15 February, "West Honaker" sailed on her maiden voyage for the new service for Sydney, where she arrived on 5 April. 
On 26 August, she began her second voyage to Sydney, but instead of retracing her route on the return, she continued eastward around the world, becoming—according to "The New York Times"—the first diesel ship to circumnavigate the globe. Upon her return to New York on 2 March 1928, a reception was held at the Tompkinsville, Staten Island, pier where she had docked. The Roosevelt Steamship Company announced plans for "West Honaker" to continue in around-the-world service, making two voyages per year.
South African service.
In February 1929, "West Honaker" was bareboat chartered by the for the new Pacific–South Africa Line, an around-the-world venture under the management of J. J. Moore & Company. The Pacific–South Africa Line service—the world's only all-diesel around-the-world service, as described by the "Los Angeles Times"—sailed from Los Angeles to South Africa via the Straits of Magellan, across the Indian Ocean to Japan and China, across the Pacific to San Francisco, and back to Los Angeles. "West Honaker"s first voyage in the South African service was planned for November, but upon her arrival from New York to begin the service, it was discovered that she had cracks in her engine mountings and her cylinder head. "West Honaker" made her way to San Francisco, where parts were fabricated for the $100,000 repair. This kept her out of service until March 1930.
"West Honaker" departed on her long-delayed maiden voyage for the Pacific–South Africa Line in mid March, and began a second voyage for the line in late October. "West Honaker"s service continued uneventfully until early 1932. On 2 March of that year, "West Honaker" collided with steamer "Ernest H. Meyer" in a snowstorm on the lower Columbia River, near Astoria, Oregon. Both ships suffered damage, but neither needed assistance to reach Portland. "West Honaker" had just finished undergoing general repairs in drydock in Portland prior to the collision, which caused about $30,000 in damages. The filed suit against the Portland Steamship Company for the cost of repairs, which were completed by mid March.
In mid-June, the bareboat charters of the three vessels still sailing for Pacific–South Africa—"West Honaker", "West Cusseta", and "Crown City"—were cancelled. At the end of each ship's voyage in progress, the ships were returned to the . At the time of the announcement, "West Honaker" was in South African waters. The "Los Angeles Times" reported that preferential tariffs for British-flagged ships for lumber from British Columbia—a major cargo carried by the line—were responsible for the termination. It's not known when "West Honaker" completed her final trip, but in late June she was still shown in South Africa by a notice in "The New York Times". After this mention, "West Honaker" disappears from contemporary news accounts. By 1939, "West Honaker" had been laid up in a reserve fleet in the James River.
World War II.
In June 1940, the opened bidding for the reconditioning of ten laid up cargo ships, which included "West Honaker". According to the "Los Angeles Times", the , a successor to the , was forced to act because of a "critical shortage" of U.S. Navy auxiliary ships. The Maryland Drydock Company of Baltimore was the low bidder for "West Honaker", offering to recondition her for $77,777.
On 3 November, with her reconditioning complete, "West Honaker" sailed from New York. After transiting the Panama Canal a week after her departure, she headed for Brisbane, Australia, where she arrived on 13 December. After then calling at Sydney, Melbourne, Port Pirie, and Adelaide through 8 January 1941, "West Honaker" called at Melbourne and Sydney before departing for the United States on 18 January. Loaded with a cargo of wool intended for uniforms, blankets, and overcoats for the military, "West Honaker" arrived at New Bedford, Massachusetts, on 3 March.
From late March to mid August, "West Honaker" made another, almost identical Australian circuit, adding a stop in Fremantle to her Australian itinerary. Almost immediately after her return to Boston, she began a third trip to Australia. After she arrived in Brisbane on 29 October, she made stops in Sydney and Melbourne. From Sydney she made a round trip to Nouméa, New Caledonia, and sailed from there to Wellington, New Zealand, where she arrived on 11 December, four days after the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor that propelled the United States into World War II.
"West Honaker" departed Wellington on 13 December and arrived at Boston on 28 February 1942. From Boston, she sailed to New York via Philadelphia. After sailing from New York on 29 April, "West Honaker" experienced some unspecified trouble, and was towed into Baltimore on 4 June. After spending almost three weeks in that port, she headed for Cape Town via Trinidad. She departed Cape Town on 24 August and sailed to Bushire, Abadan, Bandar Abbas, and Colombo over the next three months. After making a round trip to Calcutta from late November to late December, "West Honaker" arrived at Wellington on 26 January, sailing for New York via the Panama Canal three days later.
"West Honaker" took on a load of grain and then proceeded in convoy from Boston to Halifax in early May, and on to Belfast Lough. After making a circuit to Avonmouth and Milford Haven, "West Honaker" sailed from Belfast Lough for New York on 25 June. She made one additional transatlantic roundtrip beginning in late August, carrying a cargo of explosives on her outbound trip, and returning in late October. "West Honaker" sailed 28 November from New York for Nuevitas, Cuba, and returned via Key West, Florida, in late December. Sailing again for the Caribbean on 6 February, she visited Guantánamo Bay and Antilla before her 28 February 1944 return to New York. At some point within the next month, "West Honaker" arrived at Boston.
Final voyage.
Though her crew did not know it at the time, "West Honaker" had been selected to be one of the blockships for the Allied invasion of France, then in the planning stages. Blockships dispatched from Boston, like "West Honaker", were loaded with "tons of sand and cement" before their final U.S. departures. "West Honaker" sailed from Boston on 25 March 1944 as a part of Convoy BX-101 to Halifax and, from there, Convoy SC-156 to Cardiff. In his book "Beyond the Palisades", Cesar Poropat, "West Honaker"s chief engineer, reports that after the ship's cargo was discharged, the ship was suddenly boarded by shipyard workers who cut holes in "strategic places" and positioned "mysterious packs" around the hull. The crew suspected, correctly, that these packs were explosives and that the ship was being prepared for sinking. Though there is no specific mention of this occurring on "West Honaker", other blockships selected for the Normandy beachhead had their existing antiaircraft weapons moved higher on the ship and supplemented by additional guns. 
Poropat recounts that after the shipyard workers departed, the crew were told to pack all their personal belongings—except for toiletries and one change of clothes—to be sent ashore. Each crewman was issued a backpack with K-rations, a special life preserver, and survival equipment. "West Honaker" departed Cardiff on 24 April for Oban where she arrived on 5 May. She was now a part of the "Corncob Fleet," the group of ships to be sunk to form the "gooseberries," shallow-water artificial harbors for landing craft. Once at Oban, Poropat reports that the ship's crew was told of their mission, but to preserve secrecy, they were not permitted to leave the ships.
After spending five weeks at Oban—Poropat called it "the longest and most tedious five weeks" of his life—"West Honaker" finally moved out, sailing south through the Irish Sea to Poole. "West Honaker" was a part of the third "Corncob" convoy, which sailed from Poole on the night on 7 June, the day after the D-Day landings, and consisted of what one author called the "dregs of the North Atlantic shipping pool." Poropat relates that the Corncob ships crossed the English Channel under cover of darkness and, stripped of all unnecessary equipment, carried no radios, having only a signal lamp (with a spare bulb) for communication. 
Around midnight 7/8 June, during the slow voyage across the Channel, a German airplane hit "West Honaker" with two skip bombs. Because the ship, already prepared for a fast sinking for the blockship duties, began taking on water, a large portion of the crew, including Chief Engineer Poropat, abandoned ship. After drifting in the Channel for most of the rest of the moonless night, they were picked up in the morning by a British trawler and returned to the UK. In the meantime, the master of the ship was able to keep "West Honaker" in the convoy headed to Utah beach.
Once at the designated location, the ships were positioned and scuttled over the next days, under heavy German artillery fire. Naval Armed Guardsmen manned the guns on all the gooseberry ships to protect against frequent German air attacks. All the while, harbor pilots—about half of the New York Bar Pilots Association, according to one source—carefully positioned the ships. "West Honaker" was sunk on 10 June about off the beach, but continued to serve as an antiaircraft platform manned by Navy gun crews until 14 June, and by Army crews after that date. "West Honaker"s naval gunners were awarded a battle star for participation in the Normandy Landings.

</doc>
<doc id="19346208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346208" title="Fannin County High School">
Fannin County High School

Fannin County Comprehensive High School is located at 360 Rebel Circle in Blue Ridge, Georgia. Fannin High offers a large array of classes and offers seven Advanced Placement classes, including: English Literature, English Language, Biology, Calculus, Studio Art, Art History, European History, United States History, and Statistics.
The current vision for the high school is to achieve 100% graduation with the class of 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="19346212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346212" title="DR Class 23.10">
DR Class 23.10

The steam locomotives of DR Class 23.10, (from 1 June 1970 Class 35.10) were passenger train engines built for the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany after the Second World War.
History.
The Class 23.10 was an evolutionary development by the DR of the DRG Class 23 standard locomotives or "Einheitsdampflokomotiven" built earlier by the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft. Only two of the latter were completed due to the onset of the war. The same dimensions were used for the driving and running gear, but the locomotives were given "IfS/DR" mixer-preheaters, boilers equipped with combustion chambers and a large driver's cab. The feedwater dome was omitted from locomotives numbered 23 1003 and later. The first of 113 units was deployed in 1955, and they were used for light to medium express train services, being allocated numbers 23 1001–1113.
On the introduction of EDP numbering from 1 January 1970 the locomotives were all renumbered to 35 1001–1113.
The last engines were retired from Nossen in May 1977, number 35 1113 however had to be reactivated due to the energy crisis and continued in service until 1985.
The locomotives were equipped with tenders of Class 2'2' T 28.
Preserved locomotives.
Remaining locomotives of this class today include:
Literature.
J.-U. Ebel/A. Stange/D. Schlegel "Die Baureihe 23.10" (2003) EK-Verlag, Freiburg ISBN 978-3-88255-123-5

</doc>
<doc id="19346236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346236" title="Open Source Observatory and Repository">
Open Source Observatory and Repository

The Open Source Observatory and Repository (OSOR) was a website launched by the European Commission under the IDABC programme, to support the distribution and re-use of software developed by or for public sector administrations across Europe, connecting EU services and Member States.
In December 2011, the OSOR.eu and SEMIC.eu communities moved to a new collaborative platform - Joinup. The reason for the migration to Joinup was to provide public administrations in Europe with better communication and collaboration tools, to share experiences with interoperability solutions for public administrations, to increase the number of users and to leverage synergies between the OSOR.eu and SEMIC.eu user communities, while optimising the use of public funding. 
About the platform.
The OSOR.eu platform aimed to support and encourage the re-use of publicly financed Open Source Software developments (OSS or FLOSS for "Free, Libre & Open Source Software") that are of particular use for public administrations in Europe.
OSOR.eu aimed to support the collaborative development of OSS applications and solutions, in particular cross-border collaboration and exchange of knowledge or software.
Services.
The following services are still available, but can now be found on Joinup.eu: 
Bodies behind the project.
The OSOR project was financed by the European Union, managed by the European Commission under the Directorate-General for Informatics (DIGIT), and supported by the Member States' national, regional and local administrations. 

</doc>
<doc id="19346237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346237" title="Calle Concordia">
Calle Concordia

Calle Concordia (Concordia Street) is a short but important thoroughfare running north-south through the Mayagüez, Puerto Rico neighborhood of El Seco. The street runs for .72 of a mile and is signed as Puerto Rico Highway 3342 and begins at the intersection of PR-102 and PR-64 and ends as a dead-end at the Yagüez River just south of Calle San Pablo (San Pablo Street). Calle Concordia also forms the western boundary of the Concordia Public Housing Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19346241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346241" title="Alan Chorlton">
Alan Chorlton

Alan Ernest Leofric Chorlton (24 February 1874 – 6 October 1946) was a British mechanical engineer and Conservative Party politician, and was involved in the development of the internal combustion engine.
Chorlton was born in Audenshaw, Lancashire. He was educated privately and at the mechanical engineering department of Manchester Technical School. He served an apprenticeship at Mather and Platt's ironworks in Salford, while studying part-time at Victoria University, Manchester.
At the age of 24 he became a consulting engineer to Hubbard Textile Printing Works, St Petersburg, Russia. He returned to England and the Salford Iron Works where he rose to become general works manager and was largely responsible for redesigning the Mather-Reynolds pump manufactured at the plant.
In 1913 he moved to Ruston and Hornsby at Lincoln. During the First World War he was appointed Deputy Controller of Aero Engines at the Ministry of Munitions. In 1917 he was awarded a Telford Premium medal by the Institute of Civil Engineers, and was made a Commander of the British Empire for his wartime services. He was also awarded the Cross of an Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy.
From 1918 to 1928 he worked for William Beardmore and Company designing high speed diesel engines. These engines had various applications ranging from use in railcars to the R101 airship.
In 1929 he was nominated as Conservative candidate for the parliamentary constituency of Manchester Platting. Although unsuccessful on this occasion, two years later he was elected as Platting's Member of Parliament (MP), unseating the sitting Labour member, John Clynes. He was elected President of the Institute of Mechanical Engineers in 1933.
At the 1935 election, Chorlton was elected MP for Bury. In 1939 he announced he would not be standing for parliament again. He remained Bury's member of parliament until he stood down at the next election in 1945, which was delayed due to the Second World War.
A E L Chorlton retired from politics in 1945, and died in the following year, aged seventy-two.

</doc>
<doc id="19346243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346243" title="List of Chairmen of the KGB">
List of Chairmen of the KGB

The Chairman of the KGB was the head of the Soviet KGB. He was assisted by one or two First Deputy Chairmen, and four to six Deputy Chairmen. And he was the head of the Collegium of the KGB— which consisted of the Chairman, deputy chairmen, Directorate Chiefs, and one or two republic-level KGB organization chairmen— who affected key policy decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="19346246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346246" title="Gross Island">
Gross Island

Gross Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. The island lies in Frobisher Bay, south of Potter Island. It is separated from the Lower Savage Islands by the Gabriel Strait. Edgell Island and Resolution Island are to the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="19346248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346248" title="Liz Neary">
Liz Neary

Liz Neary (born 1951 in Kilkenny, Ireland) is a retired Irish sportsperson. She played camogie at various times with her local clubs St. Paul's and Austin Stacks and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1970 until 1987. Neary is regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time.
In a senior inter-county career that lasted for nineteen years she won seven All-Ireland medals, five National League medals and five Gael Linn Interprovincial medals. With her two clubs St. Paul’s and Austin Stack’s she collected a huge haul of twenty-one county titles and six All-Ireland club medals.
Neary was also presented with a number of personal awards during her career. In 1981 and 1986 she was honoured with the prestigious B&I Player of the Year Award. In 2004 she was named on the Camogie Team of the Century.
Biography.
Liz Neary was born in Kilkenny in 1951. She was educated locally and later attended the Presentation Convent in Kilkenny. It was here that her camogie skills were first developed. Neary captained the school to the All-Ireland Colleges’ title in 1970.
Playing career.
Club.
Neary played most of her club camogie with the famed St Paul’s camogie club in Kilkenny and enjoyed much success. When the club disbanded in the early 1990s she had already collected twenty county titles. During this period Neary also won six All-Ireland club titles, the first of which came in 1970. She won the last of her six All-Ireland club medals nineteen years later in 1989. Downey later joined the Austin Stacks club in Dublin and enjoyed further success by winning yet another county medal.
Inter-county.
Neary was still in secondary school when she first played senior camogie with Kilkenny in 1968. By 1972 she was a key member of the team and she lined out in her first championship decider. Cork provided the opposition again and it was ‘the Rebel’ ladies who captured a 2-5 to 1-4 victory.
Two years later in 1974 Kilkenny were back in the All-Ireland final and, once again, Cork were the opponents. Both sides ended level with Kilkenny scoring 3-8 and Cork scoring 4-5. The replay took place a few weeks later. Kilkenny won by 3-3 to 1-5 and Neary captured her first All-Ireland medal.
Kilkenny surrendered their All-Ireland crown in 1975, however, Neary lined out in a third All-Ireland final in 1976. On that occasion Kilkenny took on Dublin. A close game followed with neither side taking a definite lead. At the full-time whistle Kilkenny were the winners by 0-6 to 1-2. It was Neary’s second All-Ireland medal.
In 1977 Neary was a key player in Kilkenny’s quest for back-to-back All-Ireland titles. That year she lined out in the All-Ireland final once again. Wexford, the winners of the championship two years earlier, provided the opposition. Kilkenny won on a score line of 3-4 to 1-3. It was Neary’s third All-Ireland medal.
Kilkenny went into decline for the next few years; however, Neary added a National Camogie League medal to her collection in 1980. It was Kilkenny’s first title in that competition. This victory acted as a launch pad for further All-Ireland success. In 1981 Neary was appointed captain of the Kilkenny senior camogie team. That year Kilkenny squared up against Cork in the championship decider. After an exciting game both sides ended with 3-9 apiece. The replay was not as exciting, however, it was more conclusive, Kilkenny won that game by 1-9 to 0-7 with Neary collecting a fourth All-Ireland medal. She also lifted the O'Duffy Cup. She was later named as the B&I Player of the Years.
All-Ireland success was slow in coming over the next few years; however, Neary won a second National League medal with Kilkenny in 1982. Three years later in 1985 she collected a third winners’ medal in that competition. Kilkenny later qualified for another All-Ireland final. Dublin provided the opposition on that occasion; however, they faced a Kilkenny team that was on the verge of dominating camogie for the bones of the next decade. The final ended with a 0-13 to 1-5 victory for ‘the Cats’, giving her a fifth All-Ireland medal.
1986 saw Neary being appointed captain again. That year she guided Kilkenny to a second consecutive All-Ireland final. For the second year in-a-row Dublin provided the opposition, however, once again the result was the same. Kilkenny were much too strong for ‘the Dubs’ and won the game by 2-12 to 2-3. It was Neary’s sixth All-Ireland title while she also joined a club of players that had captained their county to more than one All-Ireland victory. Neary was later named B&I Player of the Year.
In 1987 Neary added a fourth National League medal to her collection after Kilkenny got the better of Dublin in yet another national final. Later that year Kilkenny qualified for the All-Ireland final. It was an historic occasion as Downey’s side were hoping to capture a third All-Ireland title in-a-row, something that Kilkenny had never achieved. Cork stood in their way, however, Kilkenny gave a great performance in the final. The full-time score of 3-10 to 1-7 gave Kilkenny the victory and gave Neary a seventh All-Ireland medal. She retired from inter-county camogie following this victory.
Provincial.
Neary also lined out with Leinster in the Gael Linn sponsored inter-provincial camogie championship. She won five inter-provincial camogie titles with her province.
Retirement.
In 2004 she was named in the right corner-back position on a special team picked to celebrate the centenary of the Camogie Association of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19346286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346286" title="Matt Mullan">
Matt Mullan

Matt Mullan (born 23 February 1987 in Brighton) is an English rugby union player for London Wasps.
He plays as a loosehead prop but can also play hooker.
Mullan attended Bromsgrove School, like fellow professional rugby players George Robson of Harlequins, Ben Foden of Northampton Saints and fellow Worcester Warriors players Andy Goode and Ollie Frost.
Club career.
Mullan made his Worcester debut against the Newport Gwent Dragons in the Powergen Cup.
He was on the losing side in the final of the 2007–08 European Challenge Cup. In November 2009, Mullan signed a new two-year contract.
International career.
Mullan represented the England Under 20 team during their 2007 Six Nations campaign. and was selected for the England Saxons against Ireland A in April 2009, however the game was cancelled due to poor weather conditions.
Mullan did not tour in the summer of 2009 due to a shoulder injury, a torn hamstring thwarted a possible Senior debut in the 2009 Autumn Internationals.
Mullan replaced the injured Andrew Sheridan in the senior squad for the 2010 Six Nations Championship and made his senior international debut as a replacement for Tim Payne against in Rome on 14 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19346294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346294" title="Corey Pearson">
Corey Pearson

Corey Pearson (born in New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league player of the 1990s, and 2000s.
Pearson played for the Balmain Tigers, St. George Dragons, St. George Illawarra Dragons, Wests Tigers and the Parramatta Eels. He primarily played as a .

</doc>
<doc id="19346302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346302" title="Mairéad McAtamney">
Mairéad McAtamney

Máiréad McAtamney-Magill (born 1944 in Portglenone, County Antrim) is a retired Irish sportsperson. She played camogie with her local club Portglenone and with the Antrim senior inter-county team from 1958 until 1983. McAtamney captained Antrim to the All-Ireland title in 1979. She is regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time.

</doc>
<doc id="19346309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346309" title="Ballshi Inscription">
Ballshi Inscription

The Ballshi inscription is an epigraph from the time of the Bulgarian Prince ("Knyaz") Boris I (852–889) testifying to the christianization of Bulgaria. The inscription was unearthed near Ballshi, Albania, in 1918.
The Medieval Greek-language Bulgarian inscription covers the upper part of a marble column which also features, in its bottom part, the later Latin epitaph of Norman commander Robert de Montfort who died in 1108, with a cross in the middle of the column. The column was discovered by Austro-Hungarian soldiers during World War I 25 kilometres southwest of the Albanian town of Berat, near Ballshi, among the ruins of a monastery.
The Ballshi inscription is an key domestic source giving important information about the christianization of the Bulgarians and the location of the southwestern border of the First Bulgarian Empire and the region of Kutmichevitsa during the rule of Boris. Saint Clement of Ohrid's concise biography by Demetrios Chomatenos, early 12th-century Arcbishop of Ohrid, hints at the existence of other similar stone columns in the region of Gllavenica, notifying of the baptism of the Bulgarians. Chomatenos even attributes their construction to Clement:
The current location of the inscription is not known. In the first half of the 20th century it was exhibited in a museum in Durrës. The National Archaeological Museum in Sofia preserves a plaster print of the epigraph.

</doc>
<doc id="19346321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346321" title="Luzula sylvatica">
Luzula sylvatica

Luzula sylvatica, commonly known as greater wood-rush or great wood-rush, is a perennial plant in the genus "Luzula".
Taxonomy and naming.
With regards to the etymology of the binomial, "Luzula" could come from the Italian "lucciola" ("to shine, sparkle") or the Latin "luzulae" or "luxulae", from "lux" ("light"), inspired by the way the plants sparkle when wet with dew; whilst "sylvatica" comes from silva, Latin for forest.
Description.
"Luzula sylvatica" is the largest woodrush, with stems high. It forms clumps of bright green leaves which are glossy, flat, linear, about in length and wide; its leaves remain green or at least greenish throughout winter. The leaves can also help to differentiate the plant from similar-looking plants in the closely related "Juncus" genus, as scattered white hairs can be found along the leaf edges. Its tepals are , with flowers which grow in groups of 3 or 4. From mid-spring to summer, "L. sylvatica " produces flowers in open panicles which are very small, chestnut-brown in colour and can be found in dense and lax clusters. "L. sylvatica" is sometimes stoloniferous.
"Luzula sylvatica" is both anemophilous and entomophilous, in that it can be pollinated by either wind or insect. "L. sylvatica"'s fruit is a 3-valved capsule containing three oblong seeds. Each seed is indistinctly reticulate, often with a caruncle (a basal or apical appendage); seeds tend to germinate close to their parent plant.
Distribution and habitat.
"Luzula sylvatica" has a wide distribution, and is native to Europe (the European temperate element of flora ) and southwest Asia - including the British Isles where "L. sylvatica" populations are widespread stable, apart from a decline and in central and south east England. There is one record of "L. sylvatica" from Washington State, United States of America.
Usually growing in partial to full shade, "Luzula sylvatica" tends to grow on acidic soils in damp habitats. "L. sylvatica" can be found on stream banks and well-drained, open woodland, as well as in open ground and rock ledges and peaty heath moors. Despite its preference for acidic soils, it can tolerate most soil pH levels.
Ecology.
The leaves of "Luzula sylvatica" are picked in winter by Golden Eagles to line their eyries. The flowers and seeds of "L. sylvatica" are also the sole food source for the larvae of the "Coleophora sylvaticella" moth.
Uses.
"Luzula sylvatica" is commonly used in horticulture — its thick, patch-forming habit (which allows the plant to act as a weed suppressant), hardiness, as well as the ability to grow in shade and damp soils being particular boons; "L. sylvatica" is commonly used for ground cover and/or as an ornamental grass.

</doc>
<doc id="19346330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346330" title="Chris Fortey">
Chris Fortey

Chris Fortey (born 25 August 1975 in Gloucester) is a retired English rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership. He previously played for Gloucester.
In 2011, Fortey was torn between the idea whether to retire or not. Deciding to continue playing until the end of the 2012 season, he then retired. 
Chris is the identical twin off Lee Fortey who has also played for Worcester.
He played as a hooker.

</doc>
<doc id="19346338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346338" title="James Souttar">
James Souttar

James Souttar FRIBA (11 February 1840, London - 22 April 1922, Aberdeen) was a Scottish architect.
The son of William Souttar, of Edenville, Aberdeen, Souttar worked in Gothenburg (1863) and Stockholm (1863-6), in Sweden, and his works there include The English Church at Wallingatan in Stockholm, 1865–66, later moved to Diplomatstaden.
Another building that takes place in Souttar's portfolio was the St. Nicholas Congregational Church in Aberdeen. Records say the building was erected in 1865, whilst the circular stained glass windows which are still intact say 1869. The building in 2001 was in a deteriorating, derelict state when Aberdeen bar and nightclub operators, The Epic Group bought the building. It is now a nightclub called "The Priory."
In 1898, Souttar became the founding president of The Aberdeen Society of Architects.

</doc>
<doc id="19346347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346347" title="The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (song)">
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (song)

"The Trail of the Lonesome Pine" is a popular song published in 1913, with lyrics by Ballard MacDonald and music by Harry Carroll. Inspired by the John Fox, Jr.'s 1908 novel of the same title, the song expresses the singer's love for his "girl" June, who lives in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia. The chorus is:
"The Trail of the Lonesome Pine" has been recorded numerous times, probably most notably by Laurel and Hardy, and was featured in their 1937 film "Way Out West". This version was released as a single in 1975 in the UK and reached number two in the charts. The song was also recorded by Vivian Stanshall, the English frontman of the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band, and released as "Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia" by NWOBHM band Tokyo Blade. 
The song is featured in the stage play "The Trail Of The Lonesome Pine", and is played during the opening credits of the 1936 film adaptation. Since 1964, the play has been performed in an outdoor theater in Big Stone Gap, Virginia, hometown of the novel's author: it was designated the "official outdoor drama" by the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1994, and is now the sixth longest running outdoor drama in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19346352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346352" title="Youngtown, Alabama">
Youngtown, Alabama

Youngtown, Alabama is a populated place in Lawrence County, Alabama. Elevation 673 feet. It's about 10 miles west of Moulton, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="19346371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346371" title="Will Bowley">
Will Bowley

Will Bowley (born 5 March 1984 in Kettering, Northamptonshire) is an English rugby union player 
He plays as a lock
The Kettering-born lock has represented England at Under-18, U19 and U21 level.
Bowley made his debut in an EDF Energy Cup match against Newport Gwent Dragons.
Bowley was on the losing side in the final of the 2007-08 European Challenge Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19346383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346383" title="Irene of Lesvos">
Irene of Lesvos

St. Irene the Newly Appeared Martyr of Lesvos (ca. 1451 – 9 April 1463) is an Eastern Orthodox saint martyred by Turkish soldiers with her companions Sts. Raphael and Nicholas on Bright Tuesday (April 9) of 1463, a decade after the Fall of Constantinople.
Forgotten Martyrs.
For almost five centuries the inhabitants of Lesvos would visit the ruins of a monastery near the village of Thermi, northwest of the capital Mytilene, on Bright Tuesday. These people had forgotten the specific reason for the annual pilgrimage but remembered that Turkish soldiers had murdered monks in the old monastery there many years ago.
Discovery of Relics.
The devout Angelos Rallis chose to construct a chapel by the monastery ruins in 1959. That July 3, workers found the holy relics of St. Raphael of Lesvos as they cleared rubble, and shortly thereafter St. Raphael, along with Sts. Nicholas and Irene, started appearing to many Lesvos residents and told them the stories of their lives. After St. Irene revealed to the residents of Lesvos the place of her grave, her holy relics were discovered on March 12, 1961 in the clay cask in which she was martyred.
Martyrdom.
When Turkish soldiers invaded Lesvos, the 12-year-old St. Irene and her parents Maria and Basil, the village mayor, rushed over to the Monastery of the Nativity of the Theotókos near Thermi to warn the monks. The soldiers murdered the holy abbot St. Raphael of Lesvos while the holy deacon St. Nicholas of Lesvos watched, and then proceeded to murder St. Nicholas.
The Hagarenes severed one of Irene's arms and threw it down before her parents. While her parents watched, the soldiers put her in a big clay cask and started a fire beneath it, causing Irene to suffocate inside. Then the soldiers murdered her parents; they also beheaded the village teacher named Theodore and killed St. Irene's 15-year-old cousin, Eleni. Thus Irene and her family and neighbors received the crown of martyrdom.
Apparitions and Other Miracles.
St. Irene appeared alone and, on other occasions, with Sts. Raphael and Nicholas of Lesvos, expressing to the inhabitants her desire for veneration, an icon painting, and the composition of a church service. Photios Kontoglou painted the icon of the saints based on witness descriptions and Father Gerasimos of the Little St. Anne Skete on Mt. Athos composed the church service for them.
There are numerous accounts of miracles worked by St. Irene and her companions for people who show devotion to the saints. These miracles include supernatural healing of the sick and injured, and the strengthening of faith.
Hymns.
Apolytikion
Having contended on Lesvos for the sake of Christ God, you have sanctified the island since the discovery of your sacred relics, O blessed ones; for what reason we honor you, O God-bearing Raphael, together with Nicholas and virgin Irene, as our divine protectors and intercessors with the Lord.
Kontakion
Let all of us honor as our protectors and miracle-workers the holy Martyrs who manifestly contended for Christ. Whose relics were hidden under the earth for many years, and who have manifested themselves to us in wondrous ways, Raphael, Nicholas and Irene, as well as those who contended with them in a godly-minded manner.
Megalynarion
Let us honor with hymns the Hosiomartyrs of Christ, divine Raphael and venerable Nicholas, together with Irene, the guardians of Lesvos, for helping all.

</doc>
<doc id="19346389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346389" title="Nilüfer Göle">
Nilüfer Göle

Nilüfer Göle (born 1953) is a prominent Turkish French sociologist and a leading authority on the political movement of today's educated, urbanized, religious Muslim women. From 1986 to 2001 a professor at the Boğaziçi University in Istanbul, she is currently Directrice d'études at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales (EHESS), Centre d’Analyse et d’Intervention Sociologiques (CADIS), in Paris. Göle is the author of "Interpénétrations: L’Islam et l’Europe" and "The Forbidden Modern: Civilization and Veiling". Through personal interviews, Göle has developed detailed case studies of young Turkish women who are turning to the tenets of fundamental Islamic gender codes. Her sociological approach has also produced a broader critique of Eurocentrism with regard to emerging Islamic identities at the close of the twentieth century. She has explored the specific topic of covering, as well as the complexities of living in a multicultural world.

</doc>
<doc id="19346397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346397" title="Dr Sullivan and Mr Gilbert">
Dr Sullivan and Mr Gilbert

Dr Sullivan and Mr Gilbert is a play written by Christopher Webber, on commission from Mull Theatre in Scotland, with music by Arthur Sullivan. It is a fantasy retelling of the Gilbert and Sullivan story, in which images and characters from Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" are superimposed onto familiar figures from the Savoy Operas.
The play was performed at Mull Theatre throughout July, August and September 1993. It was revived in 1998 at Glasgow Citizens' Theatre and then toured throughout Scotland. 
The play was published in 1999 by Couthurst Press (ISBN 1-902819-00-4). 

</doc>
<doc id="19346403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346403" title="Tom Wood (rugby union)">
Tom Wood (rugby union)

Tom Wood (born 3 November 1986 in Coventry) is an English rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Aviva Premiership.
He plays as flanker but can also play at number eight.
Club Career.
Wood, who was educated at the Woodlands School and Sports College, Coventry, made his debut for Worcester Warriors against Bath in the opening round of the 2007–08 Guinness Premiership. Earlier in his career he spent some time in New Zealand and played for provincial team North Otago.
Wood was on the losing side in the final of the 2007-08 European Challenge Cup. In January 2010, Wood agreed to join the Northampton Saints.
He was awarded the 2011 Aviva Premiership Player of the Season award and was shortlisted by the Rugby Players' Association for their Players' Player of the Year award alongside Chris Ashton, Chris Budgen, Nick Evans, Eliota Fuimaono-Sapolu and Thomas Waldrom and for their Young Player of the Year award alongside Owen Farrell, Courtney Lawes, Joe Marler, Charlie Sharples and Manu Tuilagi.
International career.
In January 2010, Wood made his debut for the England Saxons, against Ireland A.
Tom Wood made his debut for England against Wales in Cardiff in the opening game of the Six Nations, on 4 February 2011. He then played in the victories against Italy and France.

</doc>
<doc id="19346436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346436" title="ADONE">
ADONE

ADONE ("big ADA") was the first high-energy (1.5 GeV) particle collider. It was operated from 1969 to 1993, by the National Institute of Nuclear Physics, in Frascati, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19346437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346437" title="Vələsli">
Vələsli

Vələsli or Velasli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19346451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346451" title="Wyoming v. Houghton">
Wyoming v. Houghton

Wyoming v. Houghton, 526 U.S. 295 (1999), is a United States Supreme Court case which held that absent exigency, the warrantless search of a passenger's container capable of holding the object of a search for which there is probable cause is a violation of the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution, but justified under the automobile exception as an effect of the car. 
Background.
In "Houghton", the Supreme Court was confronted with the question of whether the scope of a vehicle exception search included a passenger's purse. The car had been stopped by a police officer for a faulty brake light, and the driver was promptly observed to have a syringe in his shirt pocket. He admitted he used it to shoot up. A backup police car soon arrived, and the passengers were ordered out of the car. Ms. Houghton gave a false name. While looking through her purse, an officer found her driver's license and, thus, her real name. Continuing the search, the officer found a syringe with 60 ccs of methamphetamine. Looking at her arms, he saw fresh needle tracks. She was arrested.
The trial court denied her motion to suppress and she was convicted. On appeal, the Wyoming Supreme Court reversed because the officers lacked probable cause to search her purse simply based on the driver's possession of a syringe.
Opinion of the Court.
The Supreme Court reversed, 6–3. Justice Scalia, writing for the majority, stated that all Fourth Amendment inquiries look first to the intent of the Framers of the Constitution. If that does not provide an answer, then "we must evaluate the search or seizure under traditional standards of reasonableness by assessing, on the one hand, the degree to which it intrudes upon an individual's privacy and, on the other, the degree to which it is needed for the promotion of legitimate governmental interests."
Looking to "Carroll v. United States", the first automobile exception case from 1925, the Court found there that the Framers would hold that the whole car could be searched if there was probable cause to believe it contained contraband. Likewise, the Court opined in "United States v. Ross" that the Carroll doctrine permitted searches of all containers found in a vehicle there was probable cause to search.
Going one step further, however, the Court held that even if the historical perspective was not enough, a "balancing of the relative interests weigh decidedly in favor of allowing searches of passenger's belongings" because of the reduced expectation of privacy in and the mobility of automobiles. Also, passengers in cars are more likely engaged in a common enterprise with the driver and "have the same interest in concealing the fruits or the evidence of their wrongdoing." Also, their proximity enables them "to hide contraband in other's belongings as readily as in other containers in the car ... perhaps even surreptitiously, without the passenger's knowledge or permission." While these factors will not always be present, "the balancing of interests must be conducted with an eye to the generality of cases." Thus, specific probable cause to the container was not required.
Dissent.
Justice Stevens, the author of "Ross", dissented with Justices Souter and Ginsburg. He found that precedent did not dictate the result, and he noted that "Ross" "categorically rejected the notion that the scope of a warrantless search of a vehicle might be 'defined by the nature of the container in which the contraband is secreted.' ... 'Rather, it is defined by the object of the search and the places in which there is probable cause to believe that it may be found.' " Since there was no dispute there was no probable cause to believe that Houghton's purse contained contraband, the search should have been suppressed.
The dissenters also disagreed with an effective presumption that persons in a vehicle would be holding each other's evidence or contraband.
Finally, the dissenters disagreed with elevating law enforcement interests over privacy concerns and that the "two-step Fourth Amendment approach wherein the privacy and governmental interests at stake must be considered only if 18th-century common law 'yields no answer' " because nothing cited by the Court mandated that approach and the Court did address the contemporary privacy interests involved. Indeed, "United States v. Di Re" dictated that "Carroll" did not permit a search of a passenger where there was no probable cause.

</doc>
<doc id="19346491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346491" title="Dick Hess">
Dick Hess

Dick Lee Hess (September 12, 1938 – September 6, 2013) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 78th District and was elected in 1986. He was also the Republican chairman of the House Transportation Committee. Hess served until his death on September 6, 2013.
Career.
Prior to being elected to the General Assembly in 1986, Hess served for 15 years as Bedford County’s Prothonotary and Clerk of Courts. He began his career in public service in 1964 as chief clerk to the Bedford County Commissioners, a position he held for seven and a half years.
Personal.
When not in Harrisburg, Hess was active in his district as a member of the Bedford County Memorial Hospital Board of Trustees, the University of Pittsburgh-Johnstown Advisory Board, Bedford United Methodist Church Finance Committee, and the Broad Top Home Nursing Advisory Board.
A 1958 graduate of Saxton Liberty High School, Hess resided in Bedford with his wife of 48 years. The couple has one son, Jeff, daughter in law Lizette and three grandchildren, Erika, Zachary and Haden.
Hess died on September 6, 2013, from complications following leg surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="19346492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346492" title="Ardler railway station">
Ardler railway station

Ardler railway station served the village of Ardler in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross. Its proximity to Alyth Junction made it part of the divergence of the Dundee and Newtyle Railway from the Scottish Midland Junction Railway running between Perth and Arbroath.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Midland Junction Railway, and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19346501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346501" title="New York State Department of Public Works">
New York State Department of Public Works

The office of Superintendent of Public Works was created by an 1876 amendment to the New York State Constitution. It abolished the canal commissioners and established that the Department of Public Works execute all laws relating to canal maintenance and navigation except for those functions performed by the New York State Engineer and Surveyor who continued to prepare maps, plans and estimates for canal construction and improvement. The Canal Board (now consisting of the Superintendent of Public Works, the State Engineer and Surveyor, and the Commissioners of the Canal Fund) continued to handle hiring of employees and other personnel matters. The Barge Canal Law of 1903 (Chapter 147) directed the Canal Board to oversee the enlargement of and improvements to the Erie Canal, the Champlain Canal and the Oswego Canal. In 1967, the Department of Public Works was merged with other departments into the new New York State Department of Transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19346507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346507" title="Darya Khan Tehsil">
Darya Khan Tehsil

Darya Khan (), is an administrative subdivision, (tehsil), of Bhakkar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town of Darya Khan is the headquarters of the tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="19346513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346513" title="No. 80 Squadron RAF">
No. 80 Squadron RAF

No. 80 Squadron RAF was a Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force squadron active from 1917 until 1969. It was operative during both World War I and World War II.
Establishment and early service.
Founded in summer 1917 at RAF Montrose, equipped with the Sopwith Camel and intended as a fighter squadron, 80 Sqn was sent to France to serve on the Western Front at the start of 1918, acting initially in a fighter role. However, German offensives in March of the same year resulted in 80 Sqn being reallocated in a ground-attack role, still with Camels. It continued this duty until the end of the war. As a result, the squadron had only one ace, Harold Whistler, although it claimed approximately 60 aerial victories.
The Camels were replaced with Sopwith Snipes in December, also in that year, and the squadron moved to Egypt in May 1919, where it served for a short period of time before being amalgamated into No. 56 Squadron RAF.
Reinstatement and World War II.
The squadron was reformed in March 1937 again as No. 80 Sqn, now equipped with Gloster Gauntlet aircraft. However, by now the Gauntlet was considered by many to be outdated, and as a result they were replaced by the Gloster Gladiator merely two months later. In 1938, the squadron again returned to Egypt as an 'air defence unit'. After Italy's declaration of war on Libya, No. 80 was moved to the Egyptian-Libyan border but was one of the units sent to aid the Greeks during the Greco-Italian War, by this time equipped with the Hawker Hurricane. After returning to the UK it was sent to Syria, also operating in Palestine and Cyprus through 1941. It moved totally to Cyprus in July 1941, before returning to Syria the next month, and joining the fighting in North Africa two months later. During the Battle of El Alamein it was responsible for defending communications lines. It remained in that area until early 1944, when it returned to Britain to prepare for Operation Overlord (the Allied invasion of Europe). After the operation, the squadron was equipped with Hawker Tempest aircraft and took up anti-V-1 flying bomb duties. After this was no longer a threat, 80 Sqn moved onto the Continent and resumed fighter duties until the end of the war.
Post-World War II and disbandment.
As part of the European occupation forces, British Air Forces of Occupation, the squadron continued its patrol and reconnaissance duties from Wunstorf in Germany, until it relocated to Hong Kong in July 1949 (the Tempests having been replaced by Supermarine Spitfire F.24s in 1948). During the Chinese Civil War, 80 Sqn's main duty was to defend Hong Kong from perceived Communist threats. The Spitfires departed in 1951, replaced by the de Havilland Hornet, and the squadron remained in Hong Kong until being disbanded on 1 May 1955. However, two months later it was reformed as a reconnaissance unit at RAF Laarbruch. Equipped with Canberra PR.7s, it moved to Brüggen in June 1957 from then until 28 September 1969, when it was disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="19346516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346516" title="Lower Stl'atl'imx Tribal Council">
Lower Stl'atl'imx Tribal Council

The Lower Stl'atl'imx Tribal Council is a First Nations tribal council in British Columbia, Canada, comprising four band governments of the St'at'imc (Stl'atl'imx or Lillooet) people:
The tribal council's offices are located in Mount Currie, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19346533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346533" title="Gonzalo O'Farrill y Herrera">
Gonzalo O'Farrill y Herrera

Gonzalo O´Farrill y Herrera, (La Habana, Cuba, 1754 – Paris, 1831), the son of a certain "O´Farrill y Arriola", from Irish descent, high Spanish Administrative in La Habana, Cuba. Gonzalo became at the times of King Carlos IV of Spain, a lieutenant general of the Royal Spanish Army, the Director of the Military College at Puerto de Santa María, Cadiz, Spain, Plenipotentiary Minister representing Spain in the Kingdom of Prussia under King Frederic and a member, (President), of the "Supreme Joint Council of Spain" when King Carlos IV went to Bayonne, France, around March 1808 to meet Napoleon I Bonaparte there.
But, Minister of War under King Carlos IV of Spain, was for a few days later, (3 to 19 March 1808, between two spells in power of Pedro de Cevallos Guerra, (San Felices de Buelna, Cantabria, (Spain) 1764 - ? 1840) Prime Minister under King José I Bonaparte, former bonapartist King of Naples and eldest brother of Napoleon I Bonaparte.
Don Gonzalo O´Farrill, the uncle of "la Bella Condesa Cubana" Maria Theresa.
He married a woman, (a Widow?), having already a child, Pedro Miguel, (1781–1823), whose first family name was then "Saenz de Santamaría" and because this step son was also one of the (exiled) courtiers of ephemerous King of Naples and later Spain, José I Bonaparte, it is rather easy to deduce that perhaps O´Farrill wife belonged then to the "Carassa" family, as Pedro Miguel second family name, his mother single name, was just "Carassa". 
Gonzalo O´Farrill was the great uncle of Spanish - Cuban woman aristocrat Mercedes Santa Cruz y Montalvo, (La Habana, Cuba, circa 1789 - Paris, 31 March 1853, aged 63, buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery).
Mercedes Santa Cruz married around October 1809, aged around 20, with early forties aged French invading General Antoine Christofe Merlin, a. k. a. Merlin de Thionville, (Thionville, France, 27 May 1771 - Paris, France, 9 May 1839) who was by then Captain General of the Spanish Royal Gards two months before their wedding.
"La Bella Condesa Cubana" Maria Theresa at Napoleonic Madrid, circa 1808 - 1812, Spain.
Doña Mercedes mother, described as a sensual Cuban lady, Maria Teresa Montalvo y O´Farrill, (1771–1812), was already a widow at age 37. She had been in La Habana, Cuba, in 1783, the wife, aged 12, of aged 15 at the time, but powerful and rich Spanish - Cuban businessman Joaquín de Santa Cruz y Cárdenas, (1769 - La Habana, Cuba, from hydropesy, in one of his trips from Spain to Cuba, 1807, aged 38), 3rd Conde de San Juan de Jaruco and 1st Conde de Mopox.
Maria Teresa Montalvo y O´Farrill was thus in 1807 a widower with 2 very young rich daughters also, described as the "Santa Cruz" girls and became very popular with her Literary Salon at Madrid with such visitors as the poet Manuel Jose Quintana and famous painter Francisco de Goya.
It is said that she was supposed to be at the time the Spanish love of new Bonaparte family King of Spain, José I Bonaparte, whose wife, Julie Clary, (Marseille, 26 December 1771 – Florence, Italy, 7 April 1845) apparently, preferred a less risky position and stayed in France with their two daughters.
On leaving hastily the country in 1813 when Napoleonic troops tasted successive defeats, Mercedes Santa Cruz y Montalvo would leave together for Paris with his sister, María Josefa de Santa Cruz y Montalvo, (1791-¿?), married to another "afrancesado", Pedro Miguel Sáenz de Santa María y Carassa, (1781–1823), step son of General Gonzalo O'Farrill y Herrera and a member of the State Council of the "new King" José I.
The Spanish-Cuban aristocrats exiled from Madrid to Paris.
Both sisters, orphaned from "La Bella Condesa Cubana" Maria Theresa in 1812, would have to leave Madrid with his great uncle Gonzalo O´Farrill, deceased in Paris in 1831, in 1813, with their respective "traitor" husbands, French General Merlin, (deceased 1839), and Don Gonzalo step son Pedro Maria Saenz de Santamaria y Carasse,(deceased 1823), in the company of scaping group leader and ephemerous King of Spain Jose I Bonaparte.
It seems King José I Bonaparte was perhaps the former lover of her already deceased, (in 1812), mother, Maria Theresa, "La Bella Condesa Cubana".
Years later, Maria Mercedes, (1789–1852), the wife of the French General Merlin de Thionville, would be rather used as a lover by Philarète Chasles but earlier than that she had played host to more impressive, rather poor, French intellectuals like Victor Hugo, Alfred de Musset, Alphonse de Lamartine, Rossini, opera singer Maria Malibran, as well as the Spanish-Cuban writers Domingo del Monte and notorious anti-slavist writer José Antonio Saco.
Her translation to Spanish language from the French ""Viaje a La Habana"" would have a prologue from notorious Spanish-Cuban romantic school poet woman, settled in Spain, Gertrudis Gomez de Avellaneda, but her hopes of getting lands, money, houses and titles confiscated by the Spanish Bourbons while living exiled, in particular, her appeals around 1845 for having titles and properties restored to the ruling Queen of Spain, Isabel II of Spain did not lead her anywhere.
References.
The later URL is some description of the actual Hotel and former palace of the O´Farrill in La Habana, Cuba . They were Irish Catholics settled in by the British Crown in 1713, (Utrecht Treaty), as Agents for the Black Slaves brought to work in the sugar fields from Africa to Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="19346535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346535" title="Callum Black">
Callum Black

Callum Black (born 25 February 1986) is an Irish American rugby union player for Ulster in the RaboDirect Pro12. 
He plays as a loosehead prop.
Black was born in Washington, D.C. in the United States, and raised in England where he attended Hartpury College. He joined the Worcester Warriors academy straight from College and joined the senior squad towards the end of the 2008-09 season. He enjoyed loan spells at both Otley and Plymouth during his time with the Worcester Warriors. He joined Ulster for the 2011/12 season.
International.
Black is Irish-qualified through his paternal grandfather, who was originally from Belfast. Black has represented Ireland at the Under 18, Under 19 and Under 21 levels. 
Black is also eligible to play for the United States, where he was born.

</doc>
<doc id="19346550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346550" title="2009 Royal Bank Cup">
2009 Royal Bank Cup

The 2009 Royal Bank Cup is the 39th Junior "A" 2009 ice hockey National Championship for the Canadian Junior Hockey League. 2009 marked the 14th year the Royal Bank Cup has been awarded and the 39th year of modern Junior "A" hockey.
The Royal Bank Cup was competed for by the winners of the Doyle Cup, Anavet Cup, Dudley Hewitt Cup, the Fred Page Cup and the host city, the Victoria Grizzlies of the British Columbia Hockey League.
The tournament was hosted by the Victoria Grizzlies and run from May 2 to May 10 of 2009 with games played at the Bear Mountain Arena in Victoria, British Columbia.
The Vernon Vipers won the 2009 Royal Bank Cup with a 2-0 win over the Humboldt Broncos.
Tournament.
Round Robin.
"(x-) denotes Semi-final berth."

</doc>
<doc id="19346551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346551" title="Rear delt raise">
Rear delt raise

The rear delt raise, also known as the rear deltoid raise, or rear shoulder raise is an exercise in weight training. This exercise is an isolation exercise that heavily works the posterior deltoid muscle. The movement is primarily limited to the two shoulder joints: the glenohumeral joint and the scapulothoracic joint. Scapular movement will also cause movement in the sternoclavicular joint and acromioclavicular joint. If the elbow bends during the extension exercises, it gravitates into a rowing motion.
Transverse forms.
Movements for the posterior deltoid done in the transverse plane are also referred to by terms like rear delt fly, reverse fly, rear lateral raise, bent-over lateral raises or other variations. Other muscles that aid the posterior deltoid include the two lateral rotators of the rotor cuff: the infraspinatus and teres minor. Other muscles such as the lats and middle delts can also come into action, dependent on how the shoulder is rotated.
To execute the exercise, the weightlifter attains a prone rib cage position. This is usually done by standing and bending over, or by laying face-down on a bench. Flat is ideal, though slight inclines can also be used. The arms hang straight down. The goal is to bring the arms to the side away from the body at a 90 degree angle. While leverage is most difficult with fully extended elbows, a slight bend is useful as it allows the lifter to maintain awareness of this.
This movement is commonly done using dumbbells to add resistance to the weight of the arms. It is mostly a joint isolation movement of the shoulder.
During the transverse lifts, the scapulae will also articulate and adduct/retract as the weights lift, then abduct/protract as the weights are lowered. Some lifters will retract the scapulae and hold them there, as opposed to letting them protract, to get a better stretch in the posterior deltoid. Muscles that retract the scapulae include the rhomboid muscle and the trapezius muscle.
Transverse abduction.
The forearm should have a neutral grip, the back of the hand should be facing outward (laterally), turning to face away from the ground as the arm raises. The palms should be facing inward, moving to face towards the ground as the arms raise. Due to the external (lateral) rotation, the work is shifted forward and the lateral head of the deltoid assist the lateral rotators in transverse abduction. The arms have the same orientation relative to the ground as in the "shoulder fly" which is done to target the lateral deltoid. The difference is that the angle of the torso changes, and the change in the shoulder's rotation and angle of movement relative to the body means the lateral head is a synergist rather than the prime mover.
Due to the lateral rotation, the elbows point inferior towards the lifter's hips throughout the movement, as opposed to pointing outward/upward as they do in transverse extension. Ligaments that stabilize and prevent deformation of the elbow joint are involved due to the angle of lateral force on the outside of the joint, much as medial forces on the inside of the joint are involved in transverse adduction (chest fly variations).
If the lifter does not lock the elbow, the lateral rotators (posterior deltoid, infraspinatus, teres minor) are also involved in preventing internal (medial) rotation. The more the elbow is bent, the more leverage gravity has pull the hand down and turn into a transverse extension angle. A bent elbow can allow greater weight to be lifted, and may shift the work of transverse abduction more heavily onto the lateral head of the deltoid as the prime movers work to prevent internal rotation.
Transverse extension.
The forearm should have a neutral grip, the back of the hand should be superior and the palm should be inferior. The elbows should be pointed towards the scapulae. The Latissimus dorsi muscles aids the lateral rotators in transverse extension. The anconeus muscles and triceps brachii muscles are involved isometrically in keeping the elbow straightened.
To keep the focus on the rear deltoid when lifting, it is imperative to keep the elbows away from the body and avoid torso movement, This ensures ideal isolation. The posterior fibers are usually undertrained for many and do not require heavy weights at first.
A compound variation is the bent over row done with a wide overhand grip that allows the elbows out, as opposed to the elbows-in lat-targeting variation. This is also referred to as a "rear delt row" as opposed to a "raise". Bodyweight/supine rows (or "australian pullups") can also be done with a wide overhand grip to target the rear delts. It requires less work by the lower back and legs to stabilize.
The above variation is most difficult when the muscle is maximally contracted, and allows both arms to be worked out at once. To emphasize the contraction in a stretched position using a weight, the arms must be worked unilaterally. The exerciser rotates the side he is working toward the ceiling and lies on the opposite side. The resistance meets its peak when the humerus is parallel with the ground. To attain a similar effect, it is common to use a cable crossover variation to the rear lateral raise, which allows the angle to be done on both sides simultaneously and without lying on one's side, which can be uncomfortable for some people.
Hyper extension form.
Another option for doing a raise to target the posterior deltoid is hyperextending the glenohumeral joint. The lat is no longer an extensor at this point, so it is primarily the posterior deltoid and long head of the triceps that perform hyperextension. The range of motion for this is very limited, most people can't even hyperextend 45 degrees. This is also a static-active stretch for the anterior deltoid and biceps.
A compound variation is a behind the back row. This row, when performed with a barbell, has also been called a rear delt raise.

</doc>
<doc id="19346562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346562" title="Jordan Page (rugby player)">
Jordan Page (rugby player)

"This article is about the rugby player Jordan Page. For the musician of the same name, see Jordan Page (musician)."
Jordan Page (born 11 March 1987) was an English rugby union player for Stourbridge in the National League 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19346572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346572" title="Medveščak (creek)">
Medveščak (creek)

Medveščak (, also called "Crikvenik") is a creek in central Zagreb, Croatia. It flows from Kraljičin zdenac in Podsljeme down along the southern slopes of the Medvednica mountain to the Manduševac Fountain, its mouth. The creek was covered in 1898 and today forms part of the Zagreb sewer system. Medveščak has long served as an important geographical feature of historic Zagreb, delineating the border between the often warring twin cities of Gradec (Gornji Grad) and Kaptol between the 11th and the 19th century and causing many violent floods which often decimated houses on its banks. Most of the stream is located in the Gornji Grad - Medveščak city district, running underground under Tkalčićeva and Medvedgradska Streets.
The creek today plays a minor role in the Zagreb sewer system, having ceased powering the Manduševac Fountain in 1882. However, it gave its name to the Medveščak neighborhood.
History.
One of the best known roles of Medveščak is as the border between the two cores of modern downtown Zagreb, Gradec and Kaptol. The two cities often had disputes about the creek's sovereignty and the ownership of mills built on it. One of the relics remaining as the evidence of these tumultuous times is the Krvavi Most, a former bridge and currently a very short street in the Zagreb pedestrian zone, whose name literally means "Bloody Bridge." It has been the site of several battles between the twin cities.
Medveščak has been the center of Zagreb industry since the early days of the city, spawning numerous watermills. The watermills caused the development of Zagreb industry, easing the construction of Zagreb's first cloth, soap, paper and liquor factories and later animal skin industry. The watermills were often the subject of feuds between the twin cities, Kaptol and Gradec. A 1392 peace treaty forbade construction of new watermills along the shared city border, between today's southern end of Medvedgradska Street and Ban Jelačić Square, leaving only two mills within the city. Both mills were owned by a Cistercian monastery. However, they were both razed during the 1898 covering of the creek.
The creek often produced catastrophic floods until 1898, at which time it was covered by the Creek Road (, today Tkalčićeva Street) and became part of the new sewer system. The most tragic flood was the one in 1651, when 52 people were confirmed to have drowned in the creek. The creek thus earned the name "Krvavi Potok" ("Bloody creek"), as described by the notable Zagreb historian Baltazar Adam Krčelić in his work "Annuae".

</doc>
<doc id="19346578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346578" title="Ruth DeFries">
Ruth DeFries

Ruth DeFries (born 1957) is an environmental geographer who specializes in the use of remote sensing to study Earth's habitability under the influence of human activities, such as deforestation, that influence regulating biophysical and biogeochemical processes. She was one of 24 recipients of the 2007 MacArthur Fellowship, and was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2006. 
DeFries received her Ph.D. in 1980 from the Department of Geography and Environmental Engineering at Johns Hopkins University and her B.A. in Earth Science in 1976 from Washington University. DeFries currently holds the Denning Family Chair in Sustainable Development in the Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Environmental Biology, at Columbia University as well as a professorship at the University of Maryland, College Park where she has joint appointments in the Department of Geography and the Earth System Science Interdisciplinary Center.
Also see 

</doc>
<doc id="19346580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346580" title="Saab 9-X Air">
Saab 9-X Air

The Saab 9-X Air is a concept car created by the Saab division of Spyker Cars. It was first shown at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. It is a convertible version of the Saab 9-X Biohybrid, with a canvas roof denominated "Canopy Top" by Saab. The car is a plug-in hybrid combining en E100 turbocharged engine giving combined with two electric motors.

</doc>
<doc id="19346603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346603" title="WFME">
WFME

WFME may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19346605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346605" title="Shaun Ruwers">
Shaun Ruwers

Shaun Ruwers (born 12 October 1982 in Durban) is a South African rugby union player for Stourbridge in National League 1. He joined London Wasps on an initial 4-month deal in September 2010.
He plays as a tighthead prop. He previously played for Worcester Warriors and at Waterloo.

</doc>
<doc id="19346619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346619" title="Volume entropy">
Volume entropy

The volume entropy is an asymptotic invariant of a compact Riemannian manifold that measures the exponential growth rate of the volume of metric balls in its universal cover. This concept is closely related with other notions of entropy found in dynamical systems and plays an important role in differential geometry and geometric group theory. If the manifold is nonpositively curved then its volume entropy coincides with the topological entropy of the geodesic flow. It is of considerable interest in differential geometry to find the Riemannian metric on a given smooth manifold which minimizes the volume entropy, with locally symmetric spaces forming a basic class of examples.
Definition.
Let ("M", "g") be a compact Riemannian manifold, with universal cover formula_1 Choose a point formula_2. 
The volume entropy (or asymptotic volume growth) formula_3 is defined as the limit
where "B"("R") is the ball of radius "R" in formula_5 centered at formula_6 and "vol" is the Riemannian volume in the universal cover with the natural Riemannian metric.
A. Manning proved that the limit exists and does not depend on the choice of the base point. This asymptotic invariant describes the exponential growth rate of the volume of balls in the universal cover as a function of the radius.
Application in differential geometry of surfaces.
Katok's entropy inequality was recently exploited to obtain a tight asymptotic bound for the systolic ratio of surfaces of large genus, see systoles of surfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="19346646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346646" title="DR Class 65.10">
DR Class 65.10

History.
Like the DB Class 65 built for the Deutsche Bundesbahn in West Germany, the DR Class 65.10 was intended by the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) in East Germany for commuter traffic on suburban railways. The DR procured a total of 88 examples of this class and 7 more went to the "Leuna-Werke" chemical works.
The Class 65.10 was developed after the Second World War as a powerful tank locomotive that would replace engines of classes 74, 75, 78, 86, 93 and 94.
Numbers 1001 and 1002 were built at VEB Lokomotivbau Elektrotechnische Werke (LEW); formerly Borsig Lokomotiv Werke (AEG), Hennigsdorf, and the production models at VEB Lokomotivbau Karl Marx, (LKM, formerly Orenstein & Koppel) Babelsberg.
Design.
The vehicles had a welded locomotive frame, a welded boiler and mixer-preheater and large tanks in order to carry additional fuel (primarily brown coal bricketts). On the Class 65.10 the two axles of the rear bogie were housed in an outer frame unlike those of their DB Class 65 counterparts.
Number 65 1004 was the only German tank engine to be equipped with a "Wendler" coal dust firing system which, after modifications to the design, ran perfectly well. This modification was however reversed again in 1962. From 1967 the locos were fitted with "Giesl" chimneys.
Use.
The 65.10s were stationed all over East Germany, except in the DR's northern locomotive depots ("Bahnbetriebswerke" or "Bw"), and in the 1960s were preferred as the motive power for commuter traffic with double-decker trains as well as on push-pull services. For the latter, engines 65 1009; 1015; 1017; 1025; 1026; 1034; 1058; 1063 and 1081 were fitted with push-pull equipment. The picture changed with the widespread appearance of the DR Class 118 diesels. The 65.10 was also used for goods train duties.
Preserved locomotives.
Of the total of 95 examples produced, just three engines remain:

</doc>
<doc id="19346653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346653" title="Do You Feel My Love">
Do You Feel My Love

"Do You Feel My Love" is a song by British reggae musician Eddy Grant from his album Can't Get Enough. It peaked at number 8 on the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19346660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346660" title="Graham Kitchener">
Graham Kitchener

Graham Kitchener (born 29 September 1989 in Bromley) is an English rugby union player for Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership.
He plays as a lock but can also play as a blindside flanker.
He has represented England at Under 16, 18 and Under 20 level, and played a part in the Under 20's 6 nations grand slam in 2008. He was also a crucial member of the 2009 Under 20 squad, reaching the final of the JWC.
Kitchener attended Adams' Grammar School in Newport like fellow professional rugby player Peter Short of Bath Rugby.
A talented all round athlete, he spent 3 years playing football for Wolverhampton Wanderers Academy before deciding to focus on rugby. He was a schoolboy cricketer for Shropshire and was the Midlands Under 17 Shot Put champion, before finishing 6th in the English Schools championships. He combines his commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time degree at University of Birmingham
A graduate of the academy system at Aviva Premiership club Worcester Warriors, Graham Kitchener left the Warriors to join Leicester Tigers for the 2011-12 season.
He played for the England Saxons through 2011, including their successful Churchill Cup campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19346679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346679" title="Refoundation for the Left">
Refoundation for the Left

Refoundation for the Left ("Rifondazione per la Sinistra", RpS) is a faction within the Communist Refoundation Party, a political party in Italy. Most of its members launched the Movement for the Left (MpS) in late January 2009. Another part of its members decided not to leave the Party, "going on with the Refoudation process".
History.
RpS emerged as a faction within the Communist Refoundation Party (PRC) gathering the "Bertinottiani", the group around Fausto Bertinotti, who controlled the majority of the party from 1998 to 2008. They supported the candidacy of Nichi Vendola for party secretary in the 24–27 July 2008 congress of the party. Vendola was defeated and Paolo Ferrero, a former "bertinottiano" who gained the support of the party's left-wing, became secretary. The faction was officially launched during a "national assembly" on 27 September 2008.
Refoundation for the Left represented the modernisers within the party and supports the creation of a united left with greens, socialists and other radicals (in fact they were among the keenest supporters of The Left – The Rainbow), both in Italy and in Europe. As Vendola explained in an interview, he will seek an alliance with the Democratic Party, excluding Antonio Di Pietro's Italy of Values, whose "justicialism" is an "illness".
In January 2009 the new leadership of the party replaced the editor of "Liberazione", the party's newspaper, removing Piero Sansonetti, close to Vendola. The decision was strongly opposed by "Vendoliani". At the same time Ferrero ruled out any alliance for the European Parliament election, in which the party will run alone, provoking another rift with "Vendoliani", who were keen supporters joint-list with other left-wing forces, and that was considered another step toward the break-up of the party.
On 24 January the group around Vendola, including Franco Giordano, Gennaro Migliore and Alfonso Gianni, finally decided to leave the party and to transform their faction into a party, the Movement for the Left (MpS). However some members of the faction, including Giusto Catania, Milziade Caprili and Tommaso Sodano, decided not to leave the PRC and re-organized themselves into To the Left with Refoundation, while Bertinotti decided not to take any decision for now. The group that decided not to leave the Prc chose Rosa Rinaldi and Augusto Rocchi as national leaders.
Soon after Rocchi, Rinaldi and their group took back the "Refoundation for the Left" title.
In October 2010 Augusto Rocchi and Rosa Rinaldi (the two leaders of Rps) decided to resign and to leave the leadership of the faction to a third person, because of their full-time activity in the National Secretariate of Communist Refoundation Party. The assembly of Rps elected Stefano Zuccherini new leader.

</doc>
<doc id="19346700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346700" title="No. 653 Squadron RAF">
No. 653 Squadron RAF

No. 653 Squadron RAF was a unit of the Royal Air Force during the Second World War. 
Squadron Numbers 651 to 663 were Air Observation Post units working closely with British Army units in artillery spotting and liaison. A further three of these squadrons, 664–666, were manned with Canadian personnel. Their duties and squadron numbers were transferred to the Army with the formation of the Army Air Corps on 1 September 1957.
The squadron is now No. 653 Squadron AAC
History.
No. 653 Squadron was formed at RAF Old Sarum, Wiltshire, on 20 June 1942. In September 1942, the squadron was deployed to RAF Penshurst. The squadron relocated to Normandy on 27 June 1944, in support of the British Second Army and the Operation Overlord landings. Most of its pilots and observers came from the British Army, while maintenance was carried out by RAF personnel. The squadron moved with the Second Army through France and the Netherlands into Germany, and was disbanded at Hoya in Germany in September 1945, after the German surrender.
Present.
No. 653 Squadron came into being again in Cyprus on 11 May 1958, but now as a squadron of the Army Air Corps and served in Aden from 9 March 1961 till 1967, and today it is represented as No. 653 Squadron AAC of 3 Regiment Army Air Corps, flying the Apache attack helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="19346704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346704" title="Greg Blais">
Greg Blais

Greg Blais (born April 18, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He is based in the South of England on the Isle of Wight.
Biography.
Greg Blais was born April 18, 1980 in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.
Career.
Blais played college hockey for Suffolk University in the ECAC Northeast of the NCAA. Greg played four seasons with Suffolk University from 02-06. In 2003 lead the ECAC Northeast in save percentage at 91.9% with a 3.06 G.A.A. In 2005 Greg was named most valuable player for Suffolk University and named third team All-American.
He signed with his first professional team for Heist Op Den Berg in the Belgium Elite League for the 2006-07 season. He then went on to play in the United Kingdom for the Wightlink Raiders to finish the 2006-07 season. He was named player of the month in January, February and March 2007.
For the 2007-08 season Blais signed for H.C Gap in the France 1st division where he ended up with a 2.90 G.A.A and a 91.3 save percentage, and a Division 1 Championship. After a good season in the Alps of France, Greg signed a contract to play for the Bergen Flyers in Norway (division 1) for the 2008-2009 season where he played in 19 games and had a 4.19 G.A.A. and an 88.9 save percentage.
He received an offer to play in the French Magnus League (elite league) in the 2009-2010 season for Morzine-Avoriez Penguins. Greg ended up with 11 games played in the league with four cup games where he posted a 4.86 G.A.A with an 88.9 Save percentage. After a good season in Morzine, Greg has signed a one-year contract to play in Paris for the Meudon Comets in the French 2nd Division.
For the 2010-2011 season he has signed with the Telford Tigers in the British Premere League (EPL) as their import goaltender. With 14 games played with an 88% save percentage. After a decent season in Telford, Greg has signed in the British Elite League with the Hull Stingrays for the 2011-2012 season and was named Player of the Week for November 2012.
References.
http://www.eliteprospects.com/player.php?player=25005

</doc>
<doc id="19346725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346725" title="Greek-American A.C.">
Greek-American A.C.

Greek-American was a semi-professional soccer club from San Francisco, California that played in the San Francisco Soccer Football League. They are the most successful team in the league's history with 16 titles to their credit.
History.
Early years.
The team was founded in 1949 by brothers John and Jim Rally. Under the auspices of the Greek Orthodox Church of Annunciation, it was at that time entered in the Alliance(Reserve) Division of the SFSFL under the name 'Pan-Hellenes', for two disappointing seasons with a record of five wins and twenty three losses. Being an independent team, it was admitted to the league's Second Division for the 1950-51 season as the team came under the auspices of the Greek-American Youth Club, a social club to which most of the players belonged and was renamed Greek-Americans. Within two years, the Greek-Americans became the cinderella team of the year, winning the championship and promotion to the league's top division, the First Division. This feat was accomplished due to the superlative playing skills of Mike Nicolas, a then recent arrival from Cyprus, who trained the team prior to the start of the season and led the Greek-Americans to the championship by personally scoring 43 goals in 14 league games. The following season, however, the competition in the First Division proved to be too much for the inexperienced Greek-Americans, as the team finished last and was demoted down to the Second Division, where it was in contention for the next two seasons, finishing third and second on each occasion. In the 1957-58 season, they once again won the title in a dramatic play-off against the SSF Scots. The team's second attempt in the top division fared better than the first as the team finished seventh with twelve points, league rules requiring it to defend its First Division berth in a play-off game against challenger Club Peru from the Second Division. The speedy and technically superior Peruvians defeated the Greek-Americans who were once again obliged to return to the lower division.
Promotion.
It was after this second failure to remain in the top division that the Directors of the club resolved to rebuild the team with new talent by recruiting and importing top players to its ranks. As a result of these efforts, John Davidson a world cup pick and Bob Hughes, two outstanding Scottish players were recruited from Canada, and along with Mike Nicolas were instrumental for the team's excellent showing in the 1959-60 season, winning eleven games while losing only one. Yet, at the end of the season, the team finished in a tie with the San Francisco Athletic Club. After many postponements, the highly favored Greek-Americans lost the play-off to their Italian adversaries and a second play-off to First Division seventh place finisher AAC Teutonia and were forced to remain in the Second Division, as it turned out for the last time, for with the addition of more players, like George Cruickshank, the team won its third Second Division championship in 1960-61 without suffering a single defeat.
Decades of dominance.
Since that time the team has remained in the top division for over forty years, a period of longevity unequalled by any other team. The Greeks first challenged the supremacy of the Scots in the Open Cup, defeating them twice in three seasons; but they had to wait until 1966-67 to lift their first SFSFL title. After another breakthrough season, the Greeks went on to become the most dominant team in the history of the league, amassing a staggering 53 trophies. During one period between 1986 and 1989, the Greeks were undefeated in 55 consecutive games and won five straight league titles from 1984 to 1989. Under former U.S. national team coach Lothar Osiander the team won two U.S. Open Cups in 1985 and 1994.
Honors.
San Francisco Soccer Football League
California State Cup
'"U.S. Open Cup
Las Vegas Silver Mug

</doc>
<doc id="19346728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346728" title="Matthew Cox (rugby union)">
Matthew Cox (rugby union)

Matthew Cox (born 6 March 1988) is an English rugby union for Gloucester in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a flanker but can also play as a number eight and lock. He has represented England at many levels and also played for the Sevens side. He previously played for Worcester Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="19346730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346730" title="2009 Formula Renault 3.5 Series season">
2009 Formula Renault 3.5 Series season

The 2009 Formula Renault 3.5 Series season began on 18 April at the Circuit de Catalunya and finished on 25 October at the brand-new Ciudad del Motor de Aragón in Alcañiz. It was the fifth season of the Renault-backed single-seater category. International DracoRacing driver Bertrand Baguette won the championship by a comfortable margin, having dominated the second half of the season. His team won their respective championship, ahead of Carlin Motorsport.
Regulation Changes.
Technical.
After debuting in the 2008 season, the aerodynamics of the current Dallara chassis underwent "minor enhancements inspired by the 2009 F1 regulations".
Sporting.
A number of changes were made to the sporting regulations in order to reduce costs and better showcase drivers' talent:
In addition, at the halfway point of the season (after the Hungaroring round) the championship leader got the opportunity to demonstrate a Renault R28 F1 car at a World Series meeting. After the seventh race of the season both Marcos Martínez and Bertrand Baguette were tied at the top of the standings, but by virtue of his three race wins, Martínez received the prize drive during the next round at Silverstone.
And just like in previous years, the eventual champion earned a full test with the ING Renault F1 team at the end of the season. Baguette won the title at the Nürburgring, to earn that test with the team.
Driver Lineup.
R = Series rookie for 2009
Race calendar.
Seven rounds formed meetings of the 2009 World Series by Renault season, with additional rounds supporting the and the 1000 km of Algarve.
Season results.
In addition, a bonus point will be awarded to the driver who climbs the most places in the race order during each race. 
The maximum number of points a driver can earn each weekend (except Monaco) is 32 and the maximum number for a team is 57. At Monaco and Portimão, a different point system was implemented, with the qualifying points awarded to each group as there is no Super Pole session.

</doc>
<doc id="19346740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346740" title="Headlights, White Lines, Black Tar Rivers (Best Live)">
Headlights, White Lines, Black Tar Rivers (Best Live)

Headlights, White Lines, Black Tar Rivers (Best Live) is a 1996 live album by The Levellers, which filled the gap between their fourth and fifth studio albums. The title is a line from their song "The Road".
Track listing.
Total time: 65:38
Original albums:

</doc>
<doc id="19346756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346756" title="Jonny Arr">
Jonny Arr

Jonny Arr (born 29 November 1988) is an English rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership.
He plays as a scrum-half.
Arr was educated at the Royal Grammar School Worcester.
Arr won international honours and was a part of the England Under 20 team that achieved the Grand Slam in the Six Nations of 2008.
He was rewarded for his outstanding form in 2009/10 when he picked up the Young Player of the Year and Most Improved Player of the Year awards.
Twelve months later he went one better as he was named the Player-of-the-Year at the club’s end of season dinner after his impressive role helping Warriors win promotion back to the Aviva Premiership.
Arr continues to impress amongst England's elite and became a Warriors centurion when he made his one hundredth appearance for the club against Leicester Tigers in September 2012. 
In January 2013 Arr had signed a new contract with the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19346760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346760" title="Parker Building">
Parker Building

Parker Building, Parker's Building or Parker's Buildings (or variations with Block or Plant or Complex) may refer to;
in the United States "(by state then city or town)"

</doc>
<doc id="19346761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346761" title="Glyptodon">
Glyptodon

Glyptodon (Greek for "grooved or carved tooth") was a large, armored mammal of the family Glyptodontidae, a relative of armadillos that lived during the Pleistocene epoch. It was roughly the same size and weight as a Volkswagen Beetle, though flatter in shape. With its rounded, bony shell and squat limbs, it superficially resembled turtles, and the much earlier dinosaurian ankylosaur, as an example of the convergent evolution of unrelated lineages into similar forms. "Glyptodon" is believed to have been a herbivore, grazing on grasses and other plants found near rivers and small bodies of water.
Evolution.
"Glyptodon" is part of the superorder of placental mammals known as Xenarthra. This clade of mammals also includes anteaters, tree sloths, armadillos, and extinct ground sloths and pampatheres. 
"Glyptodon" originated in South America. During the Great American Interchange, a set of migrations that occurred after North and South America were connected by the rising of the volcanic Isthmus of Panama, it migrated into Central America as far as Guatemala. A related genus, "Glyptotherium", reached the southern region of the modern USA about 2.5 million years ago. They became extinct about 10,000 years ago. The native human population in their range is believed to have hunted them and used the shells of dead animals as shelters in inclement weather.
Description.
"Glyptodon" measured over 3.3 m (10.8 ft) in length and weighed up to 2 tons. It was covered by a protective shell composed of more than 1,000 2.5 cm-thick bony plates, called "osteoderms" or "scutes". Each species of glyptodont had its own unique osteoderm pattern and shell type. With this protection, they were armored like turtles. Unlike most turtles, glyptodonts could not withdraw their heads, but instead had a bony cap on the top of their skull. Even the tail of "Glyptodon" had a ring of bones for protection. Such a massive shell needed considerable support, evidenced by features such as fused vertebrae, short but massive limbs, and a broad shoulder girdle.
The nasal passage was reduced with heavy muscle attachments for some unknown purpose. Some have speculated that the muscle attachments were for a proboscis, or trunk, much like that of a tapir or elephant. Most animals with a trunk, however, have nasal bones receding back on the skull, and glyptodonts do not have this feature. The lower jaws were very deep and helped support massive chewing muscles to help chew the coarse fibrous plants that can be found along river and lake banks.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="19346764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346764" title="Bring on the Girls">
Bring on the Girls

Bring on the Girls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19346777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346777" title="Cynthia Tucker (politician)">
Cynthia Tucker (politician)

Cynthia Tucker (born 1954) is a Canadian politician.

</doc>
<doc id="19346796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19346796" title="Bolbro Hill">
Bolbro Hill

Bolbro Hill is a hill in the western part of the Bolbro District in Odense, Denmark. It was the location of the famous Odinstårnet "(Odin Tower)" from 1935 to 1944.

</doc>
