<doc id="19279011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279011" title="Estate tax in the United States">
Estate tax in the United States

The estate tax in the United States is a tax imposed on the transfer of the taxable estate of a deceased person, whether such property is transferred via a will, according to the state laws of intestacy or otherwise made as an incident of the death of the owner, such as a transfer of property from an intestate estate or trust, or the payment of certain life insurance benefits or financial account sums to beneficiaries. The estate tax is one part of the "Unified Gift and Estate Tax" system in the United States. The other part of the system, the gift tax, imposes a tax on transfers of property during a person's life; the gift tax prevents avoidance of the estate tax should a person want to give away his/her estate.
In addition to the federal government, many states also impose an estate tax, with the state version called either an estate tax or an inheritance tax. Opponents of the estate tax call it the "death tax".
If an asset is left to a spouse or a Federally recognized charity, the tax usually does not apply. In addition, up to a certain amount varying year by year, amounting to $5,250,000 for estates of persons dying in 2013 and $5,340,000 for estates of persons dying in 2014 can be given by an individual, before and/or upon their death, without incurring federal gift or estate taxes.
Federal estate tax.
The federal "estate tax" is imposed "on the transfer of the taxable estate of every decedent who is a citizen or resident of the United States." The starting point in the calculation is the "gross estate." Certain deductions (subtractions) from the "gross estate" amount are allowed in arriving at a smaller amount called the "taxable estate."
The "gross estate".
The "gross estate" for federal estate tax purposes often includes more property than that included in the "probate estate" under the property laws of the state in which the decedent lived at the time of death. The gross estate (before the modifications) may be considered to be the value of all the property interests of the decedent at the time of death. To these interests are added the following property interests generally not owned by the decedent at the time of death:
The above list of modifications is not comprehensive.
As noted above, life insurance benefits may be included in the gross estate (even though the proceeds arguably were not "owned" by the decedent and were never received by the decedent). Life insurance proceeds are generally included in the gross estate if the benefits are payable to the estate, or if the decedent was the owner of the life insurance policy or had any "incidents of ownership" over the life insurance policy (such as the power to change the beneficiary designation). Similarly, bank accounts or other financial instruments which are "payable on death" or "transfer on death" are usually included in the taxable estate, even though such assets are not subject to the probate process under state law.
Deductions and the taxable estate.
Once the value of the "gross estate" is determined, the law provides for various "deductions" (in Part IV of Subchapter A of Chapter 11 of Subtitle B of the Internal Revenue Code) in arriving at the value of the "taxable estate." Deductions include but are not limited to:
Of these deductions, the most important is the deduction for property passing to (or in certain kinds of trust, for) the surviving spouse, because it can eliminate any federal estate tax for a married decedent. However, this unlimited deduction does not apply if the surviving spouse (not the decedent) is not a U.S. citizen. A special trust called a Qualified Domestic Trust or QDOT must be used to obtain an unlimited marital deduction for otherwise disqualified spouses.
Tentative tax.
The tentative tax is based on the tentative tax base, which is the sum of the taxable estate and the "adjusted taxable gifts" (i.e., taxable gifts made after 1976). For decedents dying after December 31, 2009, the tentative tax will, with exceptions, be calculated by applying the following tax rates:
--Internal Revenue Code section 2001(c), as amended by section 302(a)(2) of the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 (H.R. 4853), Pub. L. No. 111-312, 124 Stat. 3296, 3301 (Dec. 17, 2010), as amended by section 101(c)(1) of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012; see "Instructions for Form 706 (Rev. August 2013)," page 5, Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Dep't of the Treasury, at [http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i706.pdf].
The tentative tax is reduced by gift tax that would have been paid on the adjusted taxable gifts, based on the rates in effect on the date of death (which means that the reduction is not necessarily equal to the gift tax actually paid on those gifts).
Credits against tax.
There are several credits against the tentative tax, the most important of which is a "unified credit" which can be thought of as providing for an "exemption equivalent" or exempted value with respect to the sum of the taxable estate and the taxable gifts during lifetime.
For a person dying during 2006, 2007, or 2008, the "applicable exclusion amount" is $2,000,000, so if the sum of the taxable estate plus the "adjusted taxable gifts" made during lifetime equals $2,000,000 or less, there is no federal estate tax to pay. According to the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001, the applicable exclusion increased to $3,500,000 in 2009, the estate tax was repealed for estates of decedents dying in 2010, but then the Act was to have "sunset" in 2011 and the estate tax was to reappear with an applicable exclusion amount of only $1,000,000. 
On December 16, 2010, Congress passed the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 17, 2010. The 2010 Act changed, among other things, the rate structure for estates of decedents dying after December 31, 2009, subject to certain exceptions. It also served to reunify the estate tax credit (aka exemption equivalent) with the federal gift tax credit (aka exemption equivalent). The gift tax exemption is equal to $5,250,000. for estates of decedents dying in 2013, and $5,340,000 for estates of decedents dying in 2014.
The 2010 Act also provided portability to the credit, allowing a surviving spouse to use that portion of the pre-deceased spouse's credit that was not previously used (e.g. a husband died, used $3 million of his credit, and filed an estate tax return. At his wife's subsequent death, she can use her $5 million credit plus the remaining $2 million of her husband's).
If the estate includes property that was inherited from someone else within the preceding 10 years, and there was estate tax paid on that property, there may also be a credit for property previously taxed.
Before 2005, there was also a credit for non-federal estate taxes, but that credit was phased out by the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001.
Requirements for filing return and paying tax.
For estates larger than the current federally exempted amount, any estate tax due is paid by the executor, other person responsible for administering the estate, or the person in possession of the decedent's property. That person is also responsible for filing a Form 706 return with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). In addition, the form must be filed if the decedent's spouse wishes to claim any of the decedent's remaining estate/gift tax exemption.
The return must contain detailed information as to the valuations of the estate assets and the exemptions claimed, to ensure that the correct amount of tax is paid. The deadline for filing the Form 706 is 9 months from the date of the decedent's death. The payment may be extended, but not to exceed 12 months, but the return must be filed by the 9 month deadline.
Exemptions and tax rates.
As noted above, a certain amount of each estate is exempted from taxation by the law. Below is a table of the amount of exemption by year an estate would expect. Estates above these amounts would be subject to estate tax, but only for the amount above the exemption.
For example, assume an estate of $3.5 million in 2006. There are two beneficiaries who will each receive equal shares of the estate. The maximum allowable credit is $2 million for that year, so the taxable value is therefore $1.5 million. Since it is 2006, the tax rate on that $1.5 million is 46%, so the total taxes paid would be $690,000. Each beneficiary will receive $1,000,000 of untaxed inheritance and $405,000 from the taxable portion of their inheritance for a total of $1,405,000. This means the estate would have paid a taxable rate of 19.7%.
As shown, the 2001 tax act would have repealed the estate tax for one year (2010) and would then have readjusted it in 2011 to the year 2002 exemption level with a 2001 top rate. That is, had no further legislation been passed, the estate of a person who deceased in the year 2010 would have been entirely exempt from tax while that of a person who deceased in the year 2011 or later would have been taxed as heavily as in 2001. However, on December 17, 2010, Congress passed the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010. Section 301 of the 2010 Act reinstated the federal estate tax. The new law set the exemption for U.S. citizens and residents at $5 million per person, and it provided a top tax rate of 35 percent for the years 2011 and 2012.
On January 1, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was passed which permanently establishes an exemption of $5 million (as 2011 basis with inflation adjustment) per person for U.S. citizens and residents, with a maximum tax rate of 40% for the year 2013 and beyond.
The permanence of this regulation is not ensured: the fiscal year 2014 budget called for lowering the estate tax exclusion, the generation-skipping transfer tax and the gift-tax exemption back to levels of 2009 as of the year 2018.
Non-residents.
The $5 million exemption specified in the Acts of 2010 and 2012 (cited above) apply only to U.S. citizens or residents, not to non-resident aliens. Non-resident aliens have only a $60,000 exclusion; this amount may be higher if a gift and estate tax treaty applies.
For estate tax purposes, the test is different in determining who is a non-resident alien (NRA), compared to the one for income tax purposes (the inquiry centers around the decedent's domicile). This is a subjective test that looks primarily at intent. The test considers factors such as the length of stay in the United States; frequency of travel, size, and cost of home in the United States; location of family; participation in community activities; participation in U.S. business and ownership of assets in the United States; and voting. A foreigner can be a U.S. resident for income tax purposes, but not be domiciled for estate tax purposes.
An NRA is subject to a different estate tax regime than a U.S. taxpayer. The estate tax is imposed only on the part of the gross NRA's estate that at the time of death is situated in the United States. These rules may be ameliorated by an estate tax treaty. The U.S. does not maintain as many estate tax treaties as income tax treaties, but there are estate tax treaties in place with many of the major European countries, Australia, and Japan.
U.S. real estate owned by the NRA through a foreign corporation is not included in an NRA's estate. The corporation must have a business purpose and activity, lest it be deemed a sham designed to avoid U.S. estate taxes.
Noncitizen spouse.
The estate tax of a deceased spouse depends on the citizenship of the surviving spouse.
All property held jointly with a surviving noncitizen spouse is considered to belong entirely to the gross estate of the deceased, except for the extent the executor can substantiate the contributions of the noncitizen surviving spouse to the acquisition of the property.
U.S. citizens with a noncitizen spouse do not benefit from the same marital deductions as those with a U.S. citizen spouse.
Furthermore, the estate tax exemption is not portable among spouses if one of the spouses is a noncitizen.
Inheritance tax at the state level.
Many U.S. states also impose their own estate or inheritance taxes (see Ohio estate tax for an example), and some, such as Kentucky, impose both. Some states "piggyback" on the federal estate tax law in regard to estates subject to tax (i.e., if the estate is exempt from federal taxation it is also exempt from state taxation, e.g. Pennsylvania, 72 P.S. Section 9111(r). Some states' estate taxes, however, operate independently of federal law, so it is possible for an estate to be subject to state tax while exempt from federal tax. In Kentucky, the inheritance tax operates separately from either the state or federal estate tax; the inheritance tax is imposed on beneficiaries and based on the amount received from the estate, with some close relatives exempt from this tax by statute.
Washington state.
In 2005, the Washington estate tax law was challenged in a class action suit Hemphill, et al. v. State of Washington.
Tax mitigation.
Estate tax rates and complexity have driven a vast array of support services to assist clients with a perceived eligibility for the estate tax to develop tax avoidance techniques. Many insurance companies maintain a network of life insurance agents, all providing financial planning services, guided towards providing death benefit that covers paying estate taxes. Many suggested techniques involve costly or overcomplicated products. Brokerage and financial planning firms, and charities, also use estate planning and estate tax avoidance as a marketing technique. Many law firms also specialize in estate planning, tax avoidance, and minimization of estate taxes.
Many techniques recommended by those selling products with high fees do not really avoid the estate tax. Instead they claim to provide a leveraged way to have liquidity to pay for the tax at the time of death. It is very important for those whose primary wealth is in a business they own, or real estate, or stocks, to seek professional legal advice. In one technique marketed by commissioned agents, an irrevocable life insurance trust is recommended, where the parents give their children funds to pay the premiums on life insurance on the parents. 
Structured in this way, life insurance proceeds can be free of estate tax. However, if the parents have a very high net worth and the life insurance policy would be inadequate in size due to the limits in premiums, a charitable remainder trust may be recommended, but should be critically reviewed. The client, however, may lose access to the asset placed in the CRUT. Proponents of the estate tax, and lobbyists for high commission financial products, argue the tax should be maintained to encourage this form of charity.
History.
Taxes which apply to estates or to inheritance in the United States trace back to the 18th century. According to the IRS, a temporary stamp tax in 1797 applied a tax of varying size depending on the size of the bequest, ranging from 25 cents for a bequest between $50-$100, to 1 dollar for each $500. The tax was repealed in 1802. In the 19th century, the Revenue Act of 1862 and the War Revenue Act of 1898 also imposed rates, but were each repealed shortly thereafter. The modern estate tax was enacted in 1916.
The modern estate tax was temporarily phased out and repealed by tax legislation in 2001. This legislation gradually dropped the rates until they were eliminated in 2010. However, the law did not make these changes permanent and the estate tax returned in 2011. 
Debate.
The estate tax is a recurring source of contentious political debate. Its status as a political football has been exhibited in recent years by the wide variation in policies, from the extended phase-out under President George W. Bush's administration, and its corresponding sunset clause, followed by continuing adjustments to the rates and exemptions under the presidency of Barack Obama. Generally the debate breaks down between a side which opposes any tax on inheritance, and another which considers the tax legitimate and necessary, with little dialogue about where a reasonable rate would be set.
Arguments in support.
Proponents of the estate tax argue that it is a rational point of taxation, with major benefits compared to other types of taxes such as income taxes, wealth taxes, property taxes, sales taxes, or business taxes. For instance, William Gale and Joel Slemrod discuss three reasons for taxing at the point of inheritance. "First, the probate process may reveal information about lifetime economic well-being that is difficult to obtain in the course of enforcement of the income tax but is nevertheless relevant to societal notions of who should pay tax. Second, taxes imposed at death may have smaller disincentive effects on lifetime labor supply and saving than taxes that raise the same revenue (in present value terms) but are imposed during life. Third, if society does wish to tax lifetime transfers among adult households, it is difficult to see any time other than death at which to assess the total transfers made."
"While death may be unpleasant to contemplate, there are good administrative, equity, and efficiency reasons to impose taxes at death, and the asserted costs appear to be overblown." -William Gale and Joel Slemrod
Since some type of tax is necessary for the operation of government, but taxes also present a burden on society, questions of tax policy tend to focus on what types of taxes can generate revenue most fairly and with the least negative economic consequences. Supporters of estate taxes argue that they are fair, compared to other taxes, since, unlike with other types of taxes, the person who acquires the money did not provide any goods or services in return. As noted by William Gale and Joel Slemrod in their book, Rethinking Estate and Gift Taxation, "Supporters of estate taxes claim the advantages created by unequal inheritance are unearned and unfair." By the same token, to tax earned income but not to tax inheritance is seen to promote classism, and as unfair. In the 2006 documentary, The One Percent, Robert Reich commented, "If we continue to reduce the estate tax on the schedule we now have, it means that we are going to have the children of the wealthiest people in this country owning more and more of the assets of this country, and their children as well... It's unfair; it's unjust; it's absurd."
To some extent, arguments relating to fairness derive from the concept of equal opportunity as a basis for the social contract. To tax most types of economic transfers, but not large gifts or bequests, is seen to conflict with these concepts of political ethics. This viewpoint highlights the association between wealth and power in society -- material, proprietary, personal, political, social. If wealth equates to power in many forms, and these powers are unequally divided from the beginning, then fairness demands at least some consideration of this state of affairs. The same arguments that justify wealth disparities based on individual talents, efforts, or achievements, it's noted, cannot support the same disparities where they result from the dead hand. The concept of unlimited giving and concepts of social fairness -- with its assumptions about the division of power in society -- are therefore noted to be in tension with each other. Of course, the value of inheritance may be defended on other grounds, but not so as to negate the considerations in favor of taxation, at some level. These views are bolstered by the concept that those who enjoy a privileged position within the social contract should have a greater obligation to pay for its costs. The fact that this last consideration alone largely supports the system of progressive income taxation in the United States may explain the "absurdity" that proponents of the estate tax see in opposition to a tax which seems to be supported by the same logic, only more starkly. This opposition to the estate tax, proponents argue, would not be defended from behind a veil of ignorance, or to use John Rawls' term, from the original position.
Proponents further argue that the economic impact of an estate tax should be less disruptive than other types of taxes which directly target economic activity. To lower taxes on earned income while raising taxes on inheritance, for instance, would provide a greater net return on time and effort spent working (excepting, perhaps, instances where the primary motive to work is to pass on wealth and the estate tax is very high). To the extent that an estate tax also increases the incentive to give to charity, rather than to pass wealth to individuals, this is also seen by proponents of the estate tax as a reason to favor it over other taxes.
In response to the concern that the estate tax interferes with a middle-class families' ability to pass on wealth, proponents point out that the estate tax currently affects only estates of considerable size (over $5 million USD, and $10 million USD for couples) and provides numerous credits (including the unified credit) that allow a significant portion of even large estates to escape taxation. Proponents note that abolishing the estate tax will result in tens of billions of dollars being lost annually from the federal budget. Proponents of the estate tax argue that it serves to prevent the perpetuation of wealth, free of tax, in wealthy families and that it is necessary to a system of progressive taxation. 
Supporters argue that many large fortunes do not represent taxed income or savings, that wealth is not being taxed but merely the transfer of that wealth, and that many large fortunes represent unrealized capital gains which (because of a step up in basis at the time of death) will never be taxed as capital gains under the federal income tax.
Moreover, some argue that allowing the rich to bequeath unlimited wealth on future generations will disincentivize hard work in those future generations. Winston Churchill argued that estate taxes are “a certain corrective against the development of a race of idle rich”. This issue has been referred to as the "Carnegie effect," for Andrew Carnegie. Carnegie once commented, "The parent who leaves his son enormous wealth generally deadens the talents and energies of the son, and tempts him to lead a less useful and less worthy life than he otherwise would’." Some research suggests that the more wealth that older people inherit, the more likely they are to leave the labor market. A 2004 report by the Congressional Budget Office found that eliminating the estate tax would reduce charitable giving by 6–12 percent. Chye-Ching Huang and Nathaniel Frentz of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities assert that repealing the estate tax "would not substantially affect private saving..." and that repeal would increase government deficits, thereby reducing the amount of capital available for investment.
Proponents of the estate tax tend to object to characterizations it operates as a double or triple taxation. They point out many of the earnings subject to estate tax were never taxed because they were "unrealized" gains. Others note double and triple taxation is common (through income, property, and sales taxes, for instance) or argue the estate tax should be seen as a single tax on the inheritors of large estates. Proponents consider this argument, like reference to the tax as a "death tax" and claims about the loss of family farms, to be a disingenuous attempt to cloud the issue by individuals wanting to bestow unlimited advantages on their offspring without regard for broader social vitality. Chye-Ching Huang and Nathaniel Frentz of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities assert that large estates "consist to a significant degree of 'unrealized' capital gains that have never been taxed..."
Supporters of the estate tax argue there is longstanding historical precedent for limiting inheritance, and note current generational transfers of wealth are greater than they have been historically. In ancient times, funeral rites for lords and chieftains involved significant wealth expenditure on sacrifices to religious deities, feasting, and ceremonies. The well-to-do were literally buried or burned along with most of their wealth. These traditions may have been imposed by religious edict but they served a real purpose, which was to prevent accumulation of great disparities of wealth, which, estate tax proponents suggest, tended to avoid destabilizing societies and prevented social imbalance, eventual revolution, or disruption of functioning economic systems.
Arguments against.
In arguing against the U.S. federal estate tax, the Investor's Business Daily has editorialized that "People should not be punished because they work hard, become successful and want to pass on the fruits of their labor, or even their ancestors' labor, to their children. As has been said, families shouldn't be required to visit the undertaker and the tax collector on the same day.".
Some free market critics of the estate tax contend that proponents assume the superiority of socialist/collectivist economic models. Under this view, proponents of the tax commonly argue that "excess wealth" should be taxed without offering a definition of what "excess wealth" could possibly mean and why it would be undesirable if procured through legal efforts. Such statements are seen to exhibit a predilection for collectivist principles that opponents of the estate tax oppose.
Many countries have inheritance tax rates at or near zero . The disparity between rates encourages wealthy individuals to relocate to avoid or minimize taxation. This moves the wealth -and all associated future tax revenue- outside the United States. As a result of transferring wealth abroad, the 'estimated' tax generation claimed by proponents of the estate tax will likely be far less than that claimed and will likely lower the future tax base within the United States.
The Tax Foundation, a think tank tied to various conservative groups, has published research claiming that the estate tax acts as a strong disincentive toward entrepreneurship. Their 1994 study found that the estate tax’s 55 percent rate at the time had roughly the same disincentive effect as doubling an entrepreneur’s top effective marginal income tax rate. The estate tax has also been found to impose a large compliance burden on the U.S. economy. Similar past economic studies from the same group have estimated the compliance costs of the federal estate tax to be roughly equal to the amount of revenue raised—nearly five times more costly per dollar of revenue than the federal income tax—making it one of the nation’s most inefficient revenue sources.
Another argument against the estate tax is that the tax obligation in itself can assume a disproportionate role in planning, possibly overshadowing more fundamental decisions about the underlying assets. In certain cases, this is claimed to create an undue burden. For example, pending estate taxes could become an artificial disincentive to further investment in an otherwise viable business – increasing the appeal of tax- or investment-reducing alternatives such as liquidation, downsizing, divestiture, or retirement. This could be especially true when an estate's value is about to surpass the exemption equivalent amount. Older individuals owning farms or small businesses, when weighing ongoing investment risks and marginal rates of return in light of tax factors, may see less value in maintaining these taxable enterprises. They may instead decide to reduce risk and preserve capital, by shifting resources, liquidating assets, and using tax avoidance techniques such as insurance policies, gift transfers, trusts, and tax free investments
Another argument is that the estate tax burdens farmers because agriculture involves the use of many capital assets, such as land and equipment, to generate the same amount of income that other types of businesses generate with fewer assets. Individuals, partnerships, and family corporations own 98 percent of the nation’s 2.2 million farms and ranches. The estate tax may force surviving family members to sell land, buildings, or equipment to keep their operation going. The National Farmers Union advocated relief for farmers by increasing the exemption per estate to $5 million.
The term "death tax".
The term "death tax" is a neologism used by policy makers and critics to describe the estate tax in a way that conveys additional meaning. The terms "death duties" and "inheritance taxes" are also sometimes used.
On July 1, 1862, the U.S. Congress enacted a "duty or tax" with respect to certain "legacies or distributive shares arising from personal property" passing, either by will or intestacy, from deceased persons. The modern U.S. estate tax was enacted on September 8, 1916 under section 201 of the Revenue Act of 1916. Section 201 used the term "estate tax." The term "death tax" more directly refers back to the original use of "death duties" to address the fact that death itself triggers the tax or the transfer of assets on which the tax is assessed.
Many opponents of the estate tax refer to it as the "death tax" in their public discourse partly because a death must occur before any tax on the deceased's assets can be realized and also because the tax rate is determined by the value of the deceased's assets rather than the amount each inheritor receives. Neither the number of inheritors nor the size of each inheritor's portion factors into the calculations for rate of the Estate Tax.
Proponents of the tax say the term "death tax" is imprecise, and that the term has been used since the nineteenth century to refer to "all" the death duties applied to transfers at death: estate, inheritance, succession and otherwise. This also is how the phrase "death taxes" is used in the United States' Internal Revenue Code.
Chye-Ching Huang and Nathaniel Frentz of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities assert that the claim that the estate tax is best characterized as a "death tax" is a myth, and that only the richest 0.14% of estates owe the tax.
Political use of "death tax" as a synonym for "estate tax" was encouraged by Jack Faris of the National Federation of Independent Business during the Speakership of Newt Gingrich.
Well-known Republican pollster Frank Luntz wrote that the term "death tax" "kindled voter resentment in a way that 'inheritance tax' and 'estate tax' do not".
Linguist George Lakoff states that the term "death tax" is a deliberate and carefully calculated neologism used as a propaganda tactic to aid in efforts to repeal estate taxes. The use of "death tax" rather than "estate tax" in the wording of questions in the 2002 National Election Survey increased support for estate tax repeal by only a few percentage points.
Death elasticity.
A few commentators have been concerned that changes in estate tax provides incentives to change the timing of death, a phenomenon termed "death elasticity." G. Stuart Mendenhall has warned that large discontinuities in the estate tax rates, as planned in 2010 and 2011, may provide incentives to hasten death (late 2010) or prolong life (late 2009) with large financial implications for the inheritors.
IRS audits.
In July 2006, the IRS confirmed that it planned to cut the jobs of 157 of the agency’s 345 estate tax lawyers, plus 17 support personnel, by October 1, 2006. Kevin Brown, an IRS deputy commissioner, said that he had ordered the staff cuts because far fewer people were obliged to pay estate taxes than in the past.
Estate tax lawyers are the most productive tax law enforcement personnel at the IRS, according to Brown. For each hour they work, they find an average of $2,200 of taxes that people owe the government.
Related taxes.
The federal government also imposes a gift tax, assessed in a manner similar to the estate tax. One purpose is to prevent a person from avoiding paying estate tax by giving away all his or her assets before death.
There are two levels of exemption from the gift tax. First, transfers of up to (as of 2013) $14,000 per (recipient) person per year are not subject to the tax. Individuals can make gifts up to this amount to each of as many people as they wish each year. In a marriage, a couple can pool their individual gift exemptions to make gifts worth up to $28,000 per (recipient) person per year without incurring any gift tax. Second, there is a lifetime credit on total gifts until a combined total of $5,250,000 (not covered by annual exclusions) has been given.
In many instances, an estate planning strategy is to give the maximum amount possible to as many people as possible to reduce the size of the estate, the effectiveness of which depends on the lifespan of the donor and the number of donees. (This also gives the donees immediate use of the assets, while the donor is alive to see them enjoy it.)
Furthermore, transfers (whether by bequest, gift, or inheritance) in excess of $1 million may be subject to a generation-skipping transfer tax if certain other criteria are met.

</doc>
<doc id="19279015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279015" title="Michael Noble (Parliamentarian)">
Michael Noble (Parliamentarian)

Michael Noble (1591 – February 1649) was an English puritan who represented Lichfield during the Long Parliament and sided with Parliament during the English Civil War.
Biography.
Noble was the son of Edward Noble and Isabell Lowe, daughter of Humfrey Lowe of Halesowen and his wife Joane Cooke. He was educated at Queen's College, Oxford matriculating aged 16 on the 15 May 1607. He was probably an attorney and was elected coroner for Lichfield in 1625. He was described as a gentleman of the Close of the Cathedral when in 1631 he compounded for not accepting a knighthood by paying £10. By 1637 he was Town Clerk.
In 1640, Noble was elected to the Long Parliament as one of the two burgesses for Lichfield city. On 6 June 1643 he took the Parliamentary oath and covenant, and on 25 September subscribed to The Solemn League and Covenant. During 1643 he was on the Assessment Commission for Staffordshire, and on the Sequestration Committee for the County and City of Lichfield. In 1644 he was on the Commission in the Ordinance for Assessment of East and West, and on 11 April that year was on the Grocer's Hall Committee of Accounts.
Noble was on the Committee of the House on the Self-denying Ordinance on 24 March 1645 and was one of 68 members to whom the £4 allowance per week was ordered on the 3 June 1645. He became Deputy Lieutenant for Staffordshire on 23 August 1645. On 16 September 1645 he was on the Committee to prepare the Ordnance for the disposal of the Bishop of Lichfield's estates.
Noble was on the Committee for settling a preaching ministry on 7 April 1646. However he appears to have fallen sick, and was excused the call of the House in 1646 and 1647 and was not excluded in Pride's Purge on 6 December 1648. He died in February 1649 and was buried in Lichfield Cathedral.
Family.
Noble married Maria Cotton, daughter of Walter Cotton of Crakemarsh in around 1619 and they lived at Lichfield Close where their family were born.
In January 1638 Maria Noble, his wife and an ardent puritan, was involved in an incident in Lichfield Cathedral. Maria Noble, Lady Eleanor Davies and Susan Walker, wife of Rev. John Walker, brawled in the Cathedral "with a pot of water, tar, and other filthy things, most profanely defiled the hangings at the altar of the cathedral, and said they had sprinkled holy water on them against the next communion". The wife of Sir Simon Weston former MP, remonstrated with them, but they replied that "they had but done their duty".
One of Noble's descendants, Walter Savage Landor, included him in the Imaginary Conversations in conversation with Oliver Cromwell, although he erroneously named him Walter Noble.

</doc>
<doc id="19279017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279017" title="Programming Metadata Communication Protocol">
Programming Metadata Communication Protocol

Programming Metadata Communication Protocol (PMCP) is a standard for use within digital television broadcast facilities for transfer of the source data used to generate electronic program guide listings and other program-related information. The resulting data may then be sent to a PSIP generator for conversion to broadcast-ready format.
PMCP is an XML-based platform-independent protocol for the exchange of data, which may then be transported between systems in a variety of forms such as files, messages, web or e-mail services.
Standards.
The Programming Metadata Communication Protocol (PMCP) is critical to viewers of digital television in the United States and other ATSC countries. When viewing digital television channels, people have become accustomed to navigating between channels via an electronic program guide (EPG). The data which populates the EPG comes from the ATSC's Program and System Information Protocol (PSIP). PMCP provides the source data for PSIP, including which programs are airing on which channel, at which time. It also includes a great deal of extended data, including a synopsis of the program, year of production, V-Chip rating data, closed captioning indication, etc.
PMCP, defined in the Advanced Television Systems Committee's A/76B, provides ATSC broadcasters with a standardized means to exchange system information (SI) among systems that create and manage these data elements. These systems can be outside Program listing services, program management systems, traffic (commercial and program scheduling) and broadcast automation systems, which all contribute a portion of the PSIP data to a PSIP Generator.
PMCP data can be used to create MPEG-2 Program Specific Information (PSI, generally Program Association and Program Map Tables) mostly useful to receiving devices and PSIP, the Program and System Information Protocol, published as ATSC A/65, which generally includes program and channel guides which are useful for viewers deciding which television program to watch. Although most ATSC users are terrestrial broadcasters, PMCP includes the capability to specify information used in cable and satellite-delivered ATSC transports.
At the heart of PMCP is an XML Schema (actually a collection of XML Schema Definition files), which provide a standardized structure into which PSI and PSIP-related data may be exchanged. PMCP does not dictate systems' internal database structures; it is simply a platform-independent protocol for the exchange of data. 
PMCP may be transported between systems in a variety of forms. It may be exchanged as files, messages, or web services. Nothing in the specification would prevent the exchange of PMCP messages using simple email.
PMCP's development is managed by the ATSC's TSG/S1 group, which meets as needed, and reports to the Technology and Standards Group within the ATSC. It is an open, due process group, with a diverse membership, which during the heydey of PMCP development, numbered in the dozens.
PMCP was first published as A/76 in November 2004, and enjoys adoption from a variety of broadcast equipment and system vendors. Two revisions (largely backwards-compatible) with the standard have been made. ATSC A/76a extended PMCP to include metadata necessary for proper signaling of ACAP data broadcast elements, and A/76B, was released in 2007, fixed some errors and made the schema usable with the related SMPTE S2021 (BXF) schema.

</doc>
<doc id="19279025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279025" title="Radio source">
Radio source

Radio source may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19279032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279032" title="John Ellison (bishop)">
John Ellison (bishop)

The Rt Rev John Alexander Ellison was the Anglican Bishop of Paraguay from 1988 to 2007. 
Born in 1940, he was educated at the London College of Divinity and ordained in 1968, he began his career with Curacies at "St Paul’s Woking" and "St Saviours Belgrano, Buenos Aires". In 1983 he was appointed Vicar of "St Mary the Virgin Aldridge", a post he held until his elevation to the Episcopate. Having retired, he is now an "honorary assistant bishop" in the Diocese of Winchester.

</doc>
<doc id="19279043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279043" title="Nonsuch House">
Nonsuch House

The four-story Nonsuch House on London Bridge, completed in 1579, is the earliest documented prefabricated building. It was originally constructed in the Netherlands, taken apart and shipped to London in pieces in 1578, where it was reassembled. Each timber was marked so that it could be reconstructed correctly. It was reassembled in the manner later typical of that of an American barn or prefab housing. The name "Nonsuch" may have referred to Henry VIII's now vanished Nonsuch Palace outside London; it meant there was "none such" anywhere else — that it was an unequalled paragon of its kind.
Description.
Nonsuch House was reconstructed on the bridge using joiners' techniques alone, without any carpenter's nails, mason's mortar, or smith's iron. Only wooden pegs were used in the construction. Its archway straddled the bridge. The house was in the centre of the bridge with its principal front facing towards the Southwark end, the principal approach to the city of London from the south. Occupying the place of an entrance to the city, it was elaborately carved with ornate decorations on its east and west Dutch stepped gables, which protruded beyond the sides of the bridge. The house was about twenty-seven feet wide with a floor space in the middle of twenty usable feet. 
Nonsuch House had two fronts to the River Thames with large columns, windows, and outside carvings. The square towers at each of its four corners were crowned with onion domes. The gilded vanes on top of these domes could be seen from all parts of the city, as they stood clear above the surrounding structures of the bridge. The house had two sundials on top on the south side. On one of them was painted the adage: "Time and tide stay for no man." 
Notability.
London Bridge, like many large medieval bridges, bore houses and shops along both sides of its length. London Bridge was a great attraction for London, and the Nonsuch House was a notable feature from the sixteenth century until it was torn down in the eighteenth century. Nonsuch House was partially attached to many of the other smaller wooden buildings adjacent on the bridge. The southern front was not connected to any other buildings and it was open for about fifty-six feet in front. The front was ornamented with many transom casement windows.

</doc>
<doc id="19279045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279045" title="A Different Flesh">
A Different Flesh

A Different Flesh is a collection of alternate history short stories by Harry Turtledove set in a world in which Homo erectus and various megafauna survived in the Americas instead of Native Americans.
Turtledove was inspired to write the story by a Stephen Jay Gould article that speculated as to how humanity’s distant cousin, Australopithecus, would be treated if that species had survived.
Plot introduction.
The stories give a brief glimpse in this altered American history ranging from 1610 to 1988. The Western Hemisphere is inhabited by Homo erectus rather than Homo sapiens, as well as megafauna long extinct in the known world. Consequently, the colonization of the New World by Europe has been a far more difficult process. As time goes by, various characters debate the nature of the sims (as erectus is known) and their role in human history.
Included with the short stories are quotations from "The Story of the Federated Commonwealths". These snippets from an imaginary textbook providing the reader information about what happens during the time between the different stories.
Plot summary.
Vilest Beast.
1610: At Jamestown colony, Edward Wingfield must rescue his infant daughter from the tribe of wild sims who kidnapped her.
And So To Bed.
1661: The story is made up of a series of entries in Samuel Pepys's diary. Pepys owns several sims and contemplates the origin of the species. By watching these sims, as well as observing various other animals found in North America, Pepys develops the theory of evolution.
Only one of the diary's entries in the story has a corresponding entry in the real diary Pepys kept.
Around the Salt Lick.
1691: Thomas Kenton, a scout from Virginia and descendant of Edward Wingfield, and his sim companion, Charles, explore the interior of North America. Kenton is after the teeth of the spearfang cats that populate the area. He is captured by a group of wild sims, and must hope that Charles will rescue him.
The Iron Elephant.
1782: Steam-driven trains first appear, and a race is held with one of the hairy elephant-pulled trains they threaten to replace.
Though the Heavens Fall.
1804: A house-slave named Jeremiah goes on trial for running away, and his attorney presents the argument that, with the existence of sims, there is no need for human beings to enslave other human beings. They are successful, and the court's decision leads to the emancipation of all human slaves.
Trapping Run.
1812: Henry Quick, a trapper in the Rockies, is wounded by a bear and is nursed back to health by sims. While there, he ends up impregnating one of the sims, resulting in a Sim-Human hybrid.
Freedom.
1988: A group of sim's rights activists, including a female descendant of Henry Quick, protesting experimentation on sims "rescue" Matt, a sim infected with HIV, from a medical lab but fail to take enough HIV inhibitor, which is medicine that suppresses the effects of HIV/AIDS. Eventually, this forces the activists to return Matt to the researchers.
Major themes.
The stories explore what makes someone "human". As time passes humans' view of sims generally shifts from seeing them as beasts into seeing them being close to humans and deserving of some rights. Without anthropomorphizing the sims, Turtledove makes clear that although they cannot become humans and enjoy all the freedoms that humans have, they still deserve to be treated with respect and dignity.
When asked whether the point of divergence of "A Different Flesh" being set before human history makes the novel a proper alternate history or some sort of "alternative natural history", Turtledove responded: "They seem like alternate history to me, but I haven't really spent a whole lot of time worrying about how to classify them, I'm afraid."
Literary significance and reception.
Steven H Silver gave a positive review of the novel and commented that Turtledove left a lot of room open for further stories in the series, but still feels that Turtledove's writing style has changed to the point where future stories would appear out of place. Science fiction author Orson Scott Card also gave a good review for the novel complimenting Turtledove especially on "Freedom" for the use of a sims point of view without "sentimentalizing and anthropomorphizing until the true differences between species are erased."
One negative criticism of the novel was made by a reviewer who thought that there was an assumption that the course of history would have gone pretty much as it did with Native Americans here, and felt that this underestimates the impact of Native Americans on our history.
Publication history.
"Vilest Beast", "And So to Bed", "Around the Salt Lick", "The Iron Elephant", and "Though the Heavens Fall" were all originally published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact. "Freedom" was originally published in Asimov's Science Fiction while "Trapping Run" was written exclusively for the hardcover edition.
Originally published by Congdon & Weed in 1988, it was first published in paperback by Worldwide the following year. In 1994, Baen reprinted the book.

</doc>
<doc id="19279054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279054" title="January 5">
January 5


</doc>
<doc id="19279060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279060" title="Genc Iseni">
Genc Iseni

Genc Iseni or Hyseni (born 28 March 1983 in Ferizaj) is a Kosovar Albanian football striker who plays for Rabotnicki. Iseni grew up as a player at his fatherland club in the Kosovar league KF Ferizaj, where he used to play starting from his childhood.
He played four years for Macedonian club FK Renova from Džepčište, an area where ethnic Albanians form the majority. He scored one goal against HNK Rijeka in four UEFA Intertoto Cup 2008 matches before signing a three-year contract with Ethnikos Achna.

</doc>
<doc id="19279074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279074" title="Waldemar Hansteen">
Waldemar Hansteen

Albert Waldemar Hansteen (1857 - 1921) was a Norwegian architect.
Born in Christiania, he worked mainly in his hometown and Skien. He shared responsibility for the Norwegian contribution to the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago. 
He is most associated with his work on Tostrup Yard ("Tostrupgården"), a business premises on Karl Johans Gate in Oslo. The structure was designed by architects Christian Fürst, Torolf Prytz, and Waldemar Hansteen and built between 1896-1898. The five story building was one of the oldest in Norway with load-bearing structures in steel. It was also among the first to have an elevator and use electric lighting. 
He also oversaw the erection of Gol stave church at Bygdøy, today a part of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. His work included the main office of the former Central Bank of Norway (1912-1922, with Henrik Bull), as well as the headquarters of the former Fellesbanken and Sparebanken NOR.

</doc>
<doc id="19279077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279077" title="KTKO">
KTKO

KTKO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19279093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279093" title="IRrelevant Astronomy">
IRrelevant Astronomy

IRrelevant Astronomy is a Web series produced by NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope. Each episode explains a general science concept or reveals science news relevant to Spitzer. The "IR" in the title stands for "infrared", making the title refer to "infrared-relevant astronomy." The first episode launched on January 15, 2008 on the Spitzer Space Telescope website.
Cast and Guest Stars.
Sean Astin
- Well known for leading roles in such films as Goonies, Rudy, and the Lord of the Rings series, Sean first appears in the episode "Part Two" as a scientist struggling to save the Spitzer Space Telescope. He also provides the voice of a badly-edited audiobook in the episode "Behind the Scenes: When Galaxies Collide", and appears as a fictional version of himself in "Behind the Scenes: Dead Stars".
Veronica Belmont
- Co-host of "Tekzilla" on Revision3, and host of Qore on the PlayStation 3, Veronica appears on "Astronomy Anemone" and is consumed...by her love of space science.
Brigitte Dale
- A new media actress and producer, Brigitte voices the computer in "Robot Astronomy Talk Show: Destroyer of Worlds", and stars in the episode "Big Bang: The Musical".
Felicia Day
- Famous for her web series The Guild, Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog, and more, Felicia appears as a fictional version of herself in the comedic "Behind the Scenes: When Galaxies Collide".
Cameron Diaz
- Acclaimed actress Cameron Diaz appears in the episode "RATS In Progress: The Mass of Asteroids".
Phillip Gabriel
- Phillip provides the voice of Mountie Martin in "Dubya: Mountie Martin and the Space Diamonds". He also provides the voiceover for the film-within-a-film at the end of "Behind the Scenes: When Galaxies Collide".
Mark Hamill
- Famous for the original Star Wars trilogy, his iconic turn as the Joker in the , and countless other films & TV shows, Mark provides a cameo as a fictional version of himself in the episode "Robot Astronomy Talk Show: Gravity & the Great Attractor".
Linda Hamilton
- Linda spoofs her robot-fighting character from the Terminator films in "Robot Astronomy Talk Show: Back In Time".
Buffy Henshaw
- Buffy is an actress with multiple awards, including: an Aegis Award, a CINE Golden Eagle, a 2005 Inland Theatre League Award, a 2006 Inland Theatre League Award, two 2007 Inland Theatre League Awards, three 2007-2008 Season Footlighters Excellence Awards, and a Kids First "Best of Festival" award. Buffy provides voices for the episodes "M51 & Gizmo", "Dubya", and "Psych Out". She also appears as a deluded film director in the episodes "Behind the Scenes: When Galaxies Collide", "Spitzer Space Telescope: The Musical", and "Behind the Scenes: Dead Stars".
Casey McKinnon
- Known for her work on web series Galacticast and A Comicbook Orange, Casey stars in the episode "Fusion vs. Fission".
Ellen McLain
- A voice actress well known for her role as GLaDOS in the Portal videogame series. She provides the voice of NOTGLaDOS in the episode "Fusion vs. Fission".
Amy Okuda
- Known for her role in the comedy series The Guild, Amy appears as a fictional version of herself in the episode "Spaceship Spitzer: Bots of Both Worlds".
Sandeep Parikh
- Famous for starring in The Guild as well as creating, directing, writing, and producing The Legend of Neil, Sandeep plays a fictional version of himself in the episode "Behind the Scenes: Dead Stars".
Tom Phillips
- Tom appears as "Flunky #2" (as well as additional Flunkies) in the episodes "Behind the Scenes: When Galaxies Collide", "Spitzer Space Telescope: The Musical", "Behind the Scenes: Dead Stars", "Big Bang: The Musical", and "Fusion vs. Fission".
Mike Romo
- A Los Angeles-based actor & a regular writer for the iFanboy audio podcast, Mike stars in the episode "Fusion vs. Fission".
Dean Stockwell
- Recently known for playing an evil cylon robot on Battlestar Galactica, Dean lends a sympathetic ear to the evil robots in "Robot Astronomy Talk Show: Back In Time".
George Takei
- Well known as Mr. Sulu on the original , in addition to well-loved recurring appearances on Heroes, the Howard Stern Show, and more, George appears as a fictional version of himself in the episode "Robot Astronomy Talk Show: Gravity & the Great Attractor".
Danny Tieger
- A singer/songwriter living in the Los Angeles area, Danny is a prolific writer of science-based songs, among other music. He composed the themes for, and stars in, the episodes "Spitzer Space Telescope: The Musical" and "Big Bang: The Musical".
Alan Tudyk
- Known for his live-action roles in Firefly and Suburgatory, and an expansive list of voice roles including in Wreck-It Ralph, Alan voices the titular microbe in the episode "Ask an Astronomy Brain Parasite".
Osa Wallander
- An independent film actress, and the winner of a Best Actress award at the 2007 Shockerfest Film Festival, Osa appears in the episodes "Part Two" and "Ask an Astronomy Brain Parasite".
Ed Wasser
- Famous for his recurring role as the sinister Mr. Morden on Babylon 5, as well as other film & TV appearances, Ed is credited as the voice role of robot IR-2 in the "Robot Astronomy Talk Show" series beginning with episode 8. He also appears as robot IR-2 in the episode "Spaceship Spitzer: Bots of Both Worlds".
Wil Wheaton
- Starring in , The Guild, and current recurring roles on Eureka and The Big Bang Theory, Wil appears in a dual role in the episode "Spaceship Spitzer: Bots of Both Worlds": as both himself & and the voice of robot co-pilot Irwin. Wil next appears as "The Physician" in the Doctor Who spoof "Robot Astronomy Talk Show: Destroyer of Worlds", and cameos in the episode "Ask an Astronomy Brain Parasite".
Betty White
- A celebrated actress for over 50 years, Betty's filmography includes the Mary Tyler Moore Show, Golden Girls, Boston Legal, and many more films & TV shows too numerous to count. Betty voices a fictional version of herself in the episode "Part Two".
Production Crew.
Tim Pyle - "director/co-creator/writer/animator/music composer/producer" (2008–present)
- Tim worked for 10 years as an animator in the visual effects industry, including on the cult-favorite Invader Zim. Other projects include the Academy Award nominated Jimmy Neutron, Emmy nominated series , and the Emmy winning Children of Dune. He has personally won two Aegis Awards, a Telly Award, a CINE Golden Eagle, and 2006 & 2008 NASA awards for producing CG animation. He was the writer and director of Decaying Orbit, a sci-fi DVD feature.
Kenneth Kolb - "producer" (2009–present)
- Kenneth worked 10 years with the Walt Disney Company including Buena Vista Pictures Distribution, and as a coordinator for the Disney Channel. He has worked as the CFO of the Kendrea International Corporation for the past five years, produced several indie short films, and also currently works as a producer for Hogofilm, where he assisted with the production of the feature film Decaying Orbit. He began co-producing IRrelevant Astronomy starting with the episodes released in April 2009.
Dr. Carolyn Brinkworth - "science writer" (2013–present)
- Carolyn is a professional astronomer and educator. She graduated from the University of Southampton (U.K.) with her PhD in Astrophysics in 2005, and moved to Caltech, where she now works as the Education and Outreach Scientist for a number of NASA missions. She has been involved in education and public outreach for 15 years, since working at the U.K.‘s National Space Center in Leicester as an undergraduate, and is now studying for her MA in Education from Claremont Graduate University. In her spare time, Carolyn volunteers with The Trevor Project.
Jim Keller - "co-creator/writer/producer" (2008-2009, 2013)
- Jim is a member of the Screen Actors Guild, AFTRA, and the Actors' Equity Association, having appeared in shows like Days of our Lives and Melrose Place. His work on NASA's Ask an Astronomer video podcast series has won a Silver Telly Award, a Bronze Telly Award, an Aegis Award, and two Aegis Finalists. Additional awards include an Aegis Award and a CINE Golden Eagle.
Austin Wintory - "music composer" (2008-2009)
- Austin is a music composer for film, TV, and video games. He composed the score for "Captain Abu Raed," a multiple award-winning film including the World Cinema Audience Award at the Sundance Film Festival in 2008. The film has been submitted by the Kingdom of Jordan for a 2009 Foreign Language Oscar. Austin also composed the score to Sony's Flow video game and expansion packs for the Sony PlayStation 3 & PSP, which earned strong reviews for the quality of music.
IRrelevant Astronomy Shows.
Ask an Astronomy Brain Parasite: (1 episode) Deep inside an astronomer's head, a parasite taps into his brain to learn about science.
Astronomy Anemone: (1 episode) A giant, surly man-eating sea anemone hosts an astronomy-themed talk show.
The Musical: (2 episodes) Mini-musicals, using song to teach astronomy concepts.
Behind the Scenes: (2 episodes) A mock behind-the-scenes look at the production of an educational video.
Part Two: (1 episode) A spoof of old action TV shows. The bulk of the episode shows scenes from a fictitious first episode that never existed, followed by a quick conclusion that appears to wrap everything up neatly.
Psych Out: (1 episode) A short about an astronomer visiting a therapist and taking a Rorschach-type inkblot test using images from the Spitzer Space Telescope.
Robot Astronomy Talk Show: (11 episodes) A series about robots who want to rule the Universe, while producing a talk show featuring interviews with celebrities and astronomers.
Dub'ya: (1 episode) An old movie is edited down and re-dubbed with dialogue about current Spitzer Space Telescope science.
Spaceship Spitzer: (3 episodes) Spitzer astronomer Dr. Michelle Thaller travels with a robot pilot in a spaceship based on the design of NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope. Integrating live action and CG animation, there are currently two episodes: "Enemy Mine" and "The Slowlian Web."
M51 & Gizmo: (1 episode) Innocent alien M51 accidentally unleashes havoc on the planet Earth, and learns about how life exists in the Universe.
Skinfrared: (2 episodes) A series of direct educational narratives about infrared as it relates to the human body. Originally screened as part of the 2007 "Skin Festival" in Pasadena, CA.
Fusion vs. Fission: (1 episode) Spoofing GLaDOS from the videogame series Portal, a description of nuclear fusion in the Sun.
Awards.
On October 19, 2008, IRrelevant Astronomy was nominated for "Best Technology/Science Podcast" at the 2008 Podcast Awards. It was one of 10 finalists in this category following a nomination process that included 281,000 votes. In October 2009, the IRrelevant Astronomy episode "Psych Out" was an official selection at the 2nd annual Imagine Science Film Festival. The IRrelevant Astronomy episode "M51 & Gizmo" has previously won multiple awards including an Aegis Award, CINE Golden Eagle, and winning a "Best of Festival" award at the Kids First Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19279136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279136" title="Nunuku-whenua">
Nunuku-whenua

Nunuku-whenua was a Moriori chief and famous sixteenth century pacifist.
The Moriori are a Polynesian people who settled in the then-uninhabited Chatham Islands around the year 1500. Following an inter-tribal conflict, Nunuku-whenua, a prominent Moriori chief of the Hamata tribe, established "Nunuku's Law", which forbade war, cannibalism and killing in any form.
The law was strictly abided by, and peace was maintained in the Chathams until the islands were invaded by about 900 Māori from two iwi, the Ngāti Mutunga and the Ngāti Tama, in 1835. The invaders had guns and massacred the Moriori, who gathered urgently for a council at Te Awapātiki. Although youths argued in favour of armed resistance, elders ruled that Nunuku's Law could not be violated for any reason. The Moriori population, conquered and enslaved, fell from over 1600 in 1835 to less than 100 thirty years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19279138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279138" title="Ann Hraychuck">
Ann Hraychuck

Ann Hraychuck is a former Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 28th Assembly District from her 2006 election until 2010. She served as Majority Caucus Secretary. She was defeated in 2010 by current Rep. Erik Severson.

</doc>
<doc id="19279144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279144" title="4th Street Food Co-op">
4th Street Food Co-op

The 4th Street Food Co-op is a food cooperative located in New York City. The 4th Street Food Co-op runs a retail store at 58 East 4th Street, selling natural foods and household products. The co-op is member-owned and -operated, but open to the public, and focuses on offering locally grown organic, and ethically produced products.
History.
The 4th Street Food Co-op is in the space formerly occupied by the Good Food Co-op that started in 1973 as a buying club and later opened a store front, going out of business in 1992.
In 1995 the Good Food Co-op was replaced by the 4th Street Food Co-op under the legal corporate name Good Harvest Cooperative, Incorporated.
Structure and governance.
Membership.
The 4th Street Food Co-op is lower Manhattan's only food cooperative.
Monthly meetings are held, open to all members, where working groups report on the state of the co-op and progress made towards projects and goals. Additionally, members may submit and vote on proposals such as reevaluating pricing and discounts, deciding marketing strategy, and organizing upcoming community and co-op events. Additionally, a large annual meeting is held to discuss major co-op decisions and review the past year.
There are several forms of membership, roughly divided into working and non-working. Working members can work 2.25 hours per week either in-store or as part of a working group and receive a 20% discount on all store purchases, or share such a membership for a 15% discount. The annual fee to be a working member is currently $25. Non-working members do not work, but pay a $35 annual membership fee for 8% off all purchases.
Working groups.
Responsibilities in addition to staffing the store during opening hours are divided into 12 working groups, such as information systems, facilities maintenance, marketing, and an ethics committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19279145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279145" title="June 4">
June 4


</doc>
<doc id="19279158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279158" title="Labour Party (UK)">
Labour Party (UK)

The Labour Party is a centre-left political party in the United Kingdom. It has been described as a broad church, containing a diversity of ideological trends from strongly socialist, to more moderately social democratic. Founded in 1900, the Labour Party overtook the Liberal Party in general elections during the early 1920s and formed minority governments under Ramsay MacDonald in 1924 and 1929–1931. The party was in a wartime coalition from 1940 to 1945, after which it formed a majority government under Clement Attlee. Labour was also in government from 1964 to 1970 under Harold Wilson and from 1974 to 1979, first under Wilson and then James Callaghan.
The Labour Party was last in national government between 1997 and 2010 under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, beginning with a landslide majority of 179, reduced to 167 in 2001 and 66 in 2005. Having won 258 seats in the 2010 general election, the party currently forms the Official Opposition in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Labour has a minority government in the Welsh Assembly, is the main opposition party in the Scottish Parliament and has 13 MEPs in the European Parliament, sitting in the Socialists and Democrats group. The Labour Party is a full member of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance, and continues to hold observer status in the Socialist International. The current leader of the party is Ed Miliband MP.
Party ideology.
The Labour Party was initially formed as a means for the trade union movement to establish political representation for itself at Westminster. It only gained a 'socialist' commitment with the original party constitution of 1918. That 'socialist' element, the original Clause IV, was seen by its strongest advocates as a straightforward commitment to the "common ownership", or nationalisation, of the "means of production, distribution and exchange". Although about a third of British industry was taken into public ownership after the second world war, and remained so until the 1980s, the right of the party were questioning the validity of expanding on this objective by the late 1950s. Influenced by Anthony Crosland's book, "The Future of Socialism" (1956), the circle around party leader Hugh Gaitskell felt that the commitment was no longer necessary. While an attempt to remove Clause IV from the party constitution in 1959 failed, Tony Blair, and the 'modernisers' saw the issue as putting off potential voters, and were successful thirty-five years later, with only limited opposition from senior figures in the party.
Party electoral manifestos have not contained the term "socialism" since 1992. The new version of Clause IV, although still affirming a commitment to democratic socialism, no longer mention the public ownership of industry: In its place it advocates "the enterprise of the market and the rigour of competition" with "high quality public services" not necessarily themselves in the public sector.
Historically, influenced by Keynesian economics, the party favoured government intervention in the economy, and the redistribution of wealth. Taxation was seen as a means to achieve a "major redistribution of wealth and income" in the October 1974 election manifesto. The party also desired increased rights for workers, and a welfare state including publicly funded healthcare.
From the late-1980s onwards, the party has adopted free market policies, leading many observers to describe the Labour Party as social democratic or the Third Way, rather than democratic socialist. Other commentators go further and argue that traditional social democratic parties across Europe, including the British Labour Party, have been so deeply transformed in recent years that it is no longer possible to describe them ideologically as 'social democratic', and claim that this ideological shift has put new strains on the party's traditional relationship with the trade unions.
Party constitution and structure.
The Labour Party is a membership organisation consisting of Constituency Labour Parties, affiliated trade unions, socialist societies and the Co-operative Party, with which it has an electoral agreement. Members who are elected to parliamentary positions take part in the Parliamentary Labour Party (PLP) and European Parliamentary Labour Party (EPLP).
The party's decision-making bodies on a national level formally include the National Executive Committee (NEC), Labour Party Conference and National Policy Forum (NPF)—although in practice the Parliamentary leadership has the final say on policy. The 2008 Labour Party Conference was the first at which affiliated trade unions and Constituency Labour Parties did not have the right to submit motions on contemporary issues that would previously have been debated. Labour Party conferences now include more "keynote" addresses, guest speakers and question-and-answer sessions, while specific discussion of policy now takes place in the National Policy Forum.
Executive Board.
On 9 March 2012 the Labour Party announced its new senior management team
As part of the reorganisation, Tom Baldwin, previously Director of Strategy and Communications, becomes "Senior Advisor (Communications and Strategy)".
The two outgoing Deputy General Secretaries:
Membership.
The party had 193,961 members on 31 December 2010 according to accounts filed with the Electoral Commission, which was up from 156,205 the previous year. In that year it had an income of about £36 million (£4.9 million from membership fees) and expenditure of about £34 million, high due to that year's general election.
For many years Labour held to a policy of not allowing residents of Northern Ireland to apply for membership, instead supporting the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) which informally takes the Labour whip in the House of Commons. The 2003 Labour Party Conference accepted legal advice that the party could not continue to prohibit residents of the province joining, and whilst the National Executive has established a regional constituency party it has not yet agreed to contest elections there.
Trade union link.
TULO (The Trade Union & Labour Party Liaison Organisation) is the coordinating structure that supports the policy and campaign activities of affiliated union members within the Labour Party at the national, regional and local level.
As it was founded by the unions to represent the interests of working-class people, Labour's link with the unions has always been a defining characteristic of the party. In recent years this link has come under increasing strain, with the RMT being expelled from the party in 2004 for allowing its branches in Scotland to affiliate to the left-wing Scottish Socialist Party. Other unions have also faced calls from members to reduce financial support for the Party and seek more effective political representation for their views on privatisation, public spending cuts and the anti-trade union laws. Unison and GMB have both threatened to withdraw funding from constituency MPs and Dave Prentis of UNISON has warned that the union will write "no more blank cheques" and is dissatisfied with "feeding the hand that bites us". Union funding was redesigned in 2013 after the Falkirk candidate-selection controversy.
European and international affiliation.
The Labour Party is a founder member of the Party of European Socialists (PES). The European Parliamentary Labour Party's 13 MEPs are part of the Socialists and Democrats (S&D), the second largest group in the European Parliament. The Labour Party is represented by Emma Reynolds MP in the PES Presidency.
The party was a member of the Labour and Socialist International between 1923 and 1940. Since 1951 the party has been a member of the Socialist International, which was founded thanks to the efforts of the Clement Attlee leadership. However, in February 2013, the Labour Party NES decided to downgrade participation to observer membership status, "in view of ethical concerns, and to develop international co-operation through new networks". Labour was a founding member of the Progressive Alliance international founded in co-operation with the Social Democratic Party of Germany on 22 May 2013.
History.
Founding of the party.
The Labour Party's origins lie in the late 19th century, around which time it became apparent that there was a need for a new political party to represent the interests and needs of the urban proletariat, a demographic which had increased in number and had recently been given franchise. Some members of the trades union movement became interested in moving into the political field, and after further extensions of the voting franchise in 1867 and 1885, the Liberal Party endorsed some trade-union sponsored candidates. The first Lib–Lab candidate to stand was George Odger in the Southwark by-election of 1870. In addition, several small socialist groups had formed around this time, with the intention of linking the movement to political policies. Among these were the Independent Labour Party, the intellectual and largely middle-class Fabian Society, the marxist Social Democratic Federation and the Scottish Labour Party.
In the 1895 general election, the Independent Labour Party put up 28 candidates but won only 44,325 votes. Keir Hardie, the leader of the party, believed that to obtain success in parliamentary elections, it would be necessary to join with other left-wing groups. Hardie's roots as a lay preacher contributed to an ethos in the party which led to the comment by 1950s General Secretary Morgan Phillips that "Socialism in Britain owed more to Methodism than Marx".
Labour Representation Committee.
In 1899, a Doncaster member of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants, Thomas R. Steels, proposed in his union branch that the Trade Union Congress call a special conference to bring together all left-wing organisations and form them into a single body that would sponsor Parliamentary candidates. The motion was passed at all stages by the TUC, and the proposed conference was held at the Memorial Hall on Farringdon Street on 26 and 27 February 1900. The meeting was attended by a broad spectrum of working-class and left-wing organisations — trades unions represented about one third of the membership of the TUC delegates.
After a debate, the 129 delegates passed Hardie's motion to establish "a distinct Labour group in Parliament, who shall have their own whips, and agree upon their policy, which must embrace a readiness to cooperate with any party which for the time being may be engaged in promoting legislation in the direct interests of labour." This created an association called the Labour Representation Committee (LRC), meant to coordinate attempts to support MPs sponsored by trade unions and represent the working-class population. It had no single leader, and in the absence of one, the Independent Labour Party nominee Ramsay MacDonald was elected as Secretary. He had the difficult task of keeping the various strands of opinions in the LRC united. The October 1900 "Khaki election" came too soon for the new party to campaign effectively; total expenses for the election only came to £33. Only 15 candidatures were sponsored, but two were successful; Keir Hardie in Merthyr Tydfil and Richard Bell in Derby.
Support for the LRC was boosted by the 1901 Taff Vale Case, a dispute between strikers and a railway company that ended with the union being ordered to pay £23,000 damages for a strike. The judgement effectively made strikes illegal since employers could recoup the cost of lost business from the unions. The apparent acquiescence of the Conservative Government of Arthur Balfour to industrial and business interests (traditionally the allies of the Liberal Party in opposition to the Conservative's landed interests) intensified support for the LRC against a government that appeared to have little concern for the industrial proletariat and its problems.
In the 1906 election, the LRC won 29 seats—helped by a secret 1903 pact between Ramsay MacDonald and Liberal Chief Whip Herbert Gladstone that aimed to avoid splitting the opposition vote between Labour and Liberal candidates in the interest of removing the Conservatives from office.
In their first meeting after the election the group's Members of Parliament decided to adopt the name "The Labour Party" formally (15 February 1906). Keir Hardie, who had taken a leading role in getting the party established, was elected as Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party (in effect, the Leader), although only by one vote over David Shackleton after several ballots. In the party's early years the Independent Labour Party (ILP) provided much of its activist base as the party did not have individual membership until 1918 but operated as a conglomerate of affiliated bodies. The Fabian Society provided much of the intellectual stimulus for the party. One of the first acts of the new Liberal Government was to reverse the Taff Vale judgement.
Early years and the rise of the Labour Party.
The 1910 election saw 42 Labour MPs elected to the House of Commons, a significant victory since, a year before the election, the House of Lords had passed the Osborne judgment ruling that Trades Unions in the United Kingdom could no longer donate money to fund the election campaigns and wages of Labour MPs. The governing Liberals were unwilling to repeal this judicial decision with primary legislation. The height of Liberal compromise was to introduce a wage for Members of Parliament to remove the need to involve the Trade Unions. By 1913, faced with the opposition of the largest Trades Unions, the Liberal government passed the Trade Disputes Act to allow Trade Unions to fund Labour MPs once more.
During the First World War the Labour Party split between supporters and opponents of the conflict but opposition to the war grew within the party as time went on. Ramsay MacDonald, a notable anti-war campaigner, resigned as leader of the Parliamentary Labour Party and Arthur Henderson became the main figure of authority within the party. He was soon accepted into Prime Minister Asquith's war cabinet, becoming the first Labour Party member to serve in government.
Despite mainstream Labour Party's support for the coalition the Independent Labour Party was instrumental in opposing conscription through organisations such as the Non-Conscription Fellowship while a Labour Party affiliate, the British Socialist Party, organised a number of unofficial strikes.
Arthur Henderson resigned from the Cabinet in 1917 amid calls for party unity to be replaced by George Barnes. The growth in Labour's local activist base and organisation was reflected in the elections following the war, the co-operative movement now providing its own resources to the Co-operative Party after the armistice. The Co-operative Party later reached an electoral agreement with the Labour Party. 
With the Representation of the People Act 1918, almost all adult men (excepting only peers, criminals and lunatics) and most women over the age of thirty were given the right to vote, almost tripling the British electorate at a stroke, from 7.7 million in 1912 to 21.4 million in 1918. This set the scene for a surge in Labour representation in parliament.
The Communist Party of Great Britain was refused affiliation to the Labour Party between 1921 and 1923. Meanwhile, the Liberal Party declined rapidly, and the party also suffered a catastrophic split which allowed the Labour Party to gain much of the Liberals' support. With the Liberals thus in disarray, Labour won 142 seats in 1922, making it the second largest political group in the House of Commons and the official opposition to the Conservative government. After the election the now-rehabilitated Ramsay MacDonald was voted the first official leader of the Labour Party.
First Labour government (1924).
The 1923 general election was fought on the Conservatives' protectionist proposals but, although they got the most votes and remained the largest party, they lost their majority in parliament, necessitating the formation of a government supporting free trade. Thus, with the acquiescence of Asquith's Liberals, Ramsay MacDonald became the first ever Labour Prime Minister in January 1924, forming the first Labour government, despite Labour only having 191 MPs (less than a third of the House of Commons).
Because the government had to rely on the support of the Liberals it was unable to get any socialist legislation passed by the House of Commons. The only significant measure was the Wheatley Housing Act, which began a building programme of 500,000 homes for rental to working-class families. Legislation on education, unemployment and social insurance were also passed.
While there were no major labour strikes during his term, MacDonald acted swiftly to end those that did erupt. When the Labour Party executive criticized the government, he replied that, "public doles, Poplarism defiance of the national government, strikes for increased wages, limitation of output, not only are not Socialism, but may mislead the spirit and policy of the Socialist movement."
The government collapsed after only nine months when the Liberals voted for a Select Committee inquiry into the Campbell Case, a vote which MacDonald had declared to be a vote of confidence. The ensuing general election saw the publication, four days before polling day, of the Zinoviev letter, in which Moscow talked about a Communist revolution in Britain. The letter had little impact on the Labour vote—which held up. It was the collapse of the Liberal party that led to the Conservative landslide. The Conservatives were returned to power although Labour increased its vote from 30.7% to a third of the popular vote, most Conservative gains being at the expense of the Liberals. However many Labourites for years blamed their defeat on foul play (the Zinoviev Letter), thereby according to A.J.P. Taylor misunderstanding the political forces at work and delaying needed reforms in the party.
In opposition Ramsay MacDonald continued his policy of presenting the Labour Party as a moderate force. During the General Strike of 1926 the party opposed the general strike, arguing that the best way to achieve social reforms was through the ballot box. The leaders were also fearful of Communist influence orchestrated from Moscow.
Second Labour government (1929–1931).
In the 1929 general election, the Labour Party became the largest in the House of Commons for the first time, with 287 seats and 37.1% of the popular vote. However MacDonald was still reliant on Liberal support to form a minority government. MacDonald went on to appoint Britain's first female cabinet minister, Margaret Bondfield, who was appointed Minister of Labour.
The government, however, soon found itself engulfed in crisis: the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and eventual Great Depression occurred soon after the government came to power, and the crisis hit Britain hard. By the end of 1930 unemployment had doubled to over two and a half million. The government had no effective answers to the crisis. By the summer of 1931 a dispute over whether or not to reduce public spending had split the government. As the economic situation worsened MacDonald agreed to form a "National Government" with the Conservatives and the Liberals.
On 24 August 1931 MacDonald submitted the resignation of his ministers and led a small number of his senior colleagues in forming the National Government together with the other parties. This caused great anger among those within the Labour Party who felt betrayed by MacDonald's actions: he and his supporters were promptly expelled from the Labour Party but went on to form a separate National Labour Organisation, the remaining Labour Party (again led by Arthur Henderson) and a few Liberals going into opposition. The ensuing general election resulted in overwhelming victory for the National Government and disaster for the Labour Party which won only 52 seats, 225 fewer than in 1929.
In opposition during the 1930s.
Arthur Henderson, elected in 1931 to succeed MacDonald, lost his seat in the 1931 general election. The only former Labour cabinet member who had retained his seat, the pacifist George Lansbury, accordingly became party leader.
The party experienced another split in 1932 when the Independent Labour Party, which for some years had been increasingly at odds with the Labour leadership, opted to disaffiliate from the Labour Party and embarked on a long, drawn-out decline.
Lansbury resigned as leader in 1935 after public disagreements over foreign policy. He was promptly replaced as leader by his deputy, Clement Attlee, who would lead the party for two decades. The party experienced a revival in the 1935 general election, winning 154 seats and 38% of the popular vote, the highest that Labour had achieved.
As the threat from Nazi Germany increased, in the late 1930s the Labour Party gradually abandoned its earlier pacifist stance and supported re-armament, largely due to the efforts of Ernest Bevin and Hugh Dalton who by 1937 had also persuaded the party to oppose Neville Chamberlain's policy of appeasement.
Wartime coalition (1940-1945).
The party returned to government in 1940 as part of the wartime coalition. When Neville Chamberlain resigned in the spring of 1940, incoming Prime Minister Winston Churchill decided to bring the other main parties into a coalition similar to that of the First World War. Clement Attlee was appointed Lord Privy Seal and a member of the war cabinet, eventually becoming the United Kingdom's first Deputy Prime Minister.
A number of other senior Labour figures also took up senior positions: the trade union leader Ernest Bevin, as Minister of Labour, directed Britain's wartime economy and allocation of manpower, the veteran Labour statesman Herbert Morrison became Home Secretary, Hugh Dalton was Minister of Economic Warfare and later President of the Board of Trade, while A. V. Alexander resumed the role he had held in the previous Labour Government as First Lord of the Admiralty.
Post-war victory under Attlee and major reforms (1945-1951).
At the end of the war in Europe, in May 1945, Labour resolved not to repeat the Liberals' error of 1918, and promptly withdrew from government, on trade union insistence, to contest the 1945 general election in opposition to Churchill's Conservatives. Surprising many observers, Labour won a formidable victory, winning just under 50% of the vote with a majority of 159 seats.
Clement Attlee's proved one of the most radical British governments of the 20th century, enacting Keynesian economic policies, presiding over a policy of nationalising major industries and utilities including the Bank of England, coal mining, the steel industry, electricity, gas, and inland transport (including railways, road haulage and canals). It developed and implemented the "cradle to grave" welfare state conceived by the economist William Beveridge. To this day, the party considers the 1948 creation of Britain's publicly funded National Health Service (NHS) under health minister Aneurin Bevan its proudest achievement. Attlee's government also began the process of dismantling the British Empire when it granted independence to India and Pakistan in 1947, followed by Burma (Myanmar) and Ceylon (Sri Lanka) the following year. At a secret meeting in January 1947, Attlee and six cabinet ministers, including Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin, decided to proceed with the development of Britain's nuclear weapons programme, in opposition to the pacifist and anti-nuclear stances of a large element inside the Labour Party.
Labour went on to win the 1950 general election, but with a much reduced majority of five seats. Soon afterwards, defence became a divisive issue within the party, especially defence spending (which reached a peak of 14% of GDP in 1951 during the Korean War), straining public finances and forcing savings elsewhere. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Hugh Gaitskell, introduced charges for NHS dentures and spectacles, causing Bevan, along with Harold Wilson (then President of the Board of Trade), to resign over the dilution of the principle of free treatment on which the NHS had been established.
In the 1951 general election, Labour narrowly lost to the Conservatives despite receiving the larger share of the popular vote, its highest ever vote numerically. Most of the changes introduced by the 1945–51 Labour government were accepted by the Conservatives and became part of the "post-war consensus" that lasted until the late 1970s. Food and clothing rationing, however, still in place since the war, were swiftly relaxed, then abandoned from about 1953.
Opposition during the 1950s.
Following the defeat of 1951, the party underwent a long period of 13 years in opposition. The party suffered an ideological split during the 1950s, while the postwar economic recovery, given the social effects of Attlee's reforms, made the public broadly content with the Conservative governments of the time. Attlee remained as leader until his retirement in 1955.
His replacement, Hugh Gaitskell, associated with the right wing of the party, struggled in dealing with internal party divisions in the late 1950s and early 1960s and Labour lost the 1959 general election. In 1963, Gaitskell's sudden death from a heart attack made way for Harold Wilson to lead the party.
Labour in government under Wilson (1964–1970).
A downturn in the economy along with a series of scandals in the early 1960s (the most notorious being the Profumo affair) engulfed the Conservative government by 1963. The Labour Party returned to government with a 4-seat majority under Wilson in the 1964 election but increased its majority to 96 in the 1966 election.
Wilson's government was responsible for a number of sweeping social and educational reforms under the leadership of Home Secretary Roy Jenkins, such as the abolishment of the death penalty in 1964, the legalisation of abortion and homosexuality (initially only for men aged 21 or over) in 1967 and the abolition of theatre censorship in the following year. The 1960s Labour government also expanded comprehensive education and created the Open University. But Wilson's government had inherited a large trade deficit that led to a currency crisis and an ultimately doomed attempt to stave off devaluation of the pound. Labour went on to lose the 1970 election to the Conservatives under Edward Heath.
In opposition (1970-1974).
After losing the 1970 general election, Labour returned to opposition, but retained Harold Wilson as Leader. Heath's government soon ran into trouble over Northern Ireland and a dispute with miners in 1973 which led to the "three-day week". The 1970s proved a difficult time to be in government for both the Conservatives and Labour due to the 1973 oil crisis which caused high inflation and a global recession. The Labour Party was returned to power again under Wilson a few weeks after the February 1974 general election, forming a minority government with the support of the Ulster Unionists. The Conservatives were unable to form a government as they had fewer seats despite receiving more votes numerically. It was the first general election since 1924 in which both main parties had received less than 40% of the popular vote and the first of six successive general elections in which Labour failed to reach 40% of the popular vote. In a bid to gain a proper majority, a second election was soon called for October 1974 in which Labour, still with Harold Wilson as leader, managed a majority of three, gaining just 18 seats and taking its total to 319.
Return to government (1974-1979).
For much of its time in office the Labour government struggled with serious economic problems and a precarious majority in the Commons, while the party's internal dissent over Britain's membership of the European Economic Community (EEC), which Britain had entered under Edward Heath in 1972, led in 1975 to a national referendum on the issue in which two thirds of the public supported continued membership.
Harold Wilson's personal popularity remained reasonably high but he unexpectedly resigned as Prime Minister in 1976, citing health reasons and was replaced by James Callaghan. The Wilson and Callaghan governments of the 1970s tried to control inflation (which reached 23.7% in 1975) by a policy of wage restraint. This was fairly successful, reducing inflation to 7.4% by 1978. However it led to increasingly strained relations between the government and the trade unions.
Fear of advances by the nationalist parties, particularly in Scotland, led to the suppression of a report from Scottish Office economist Gavin McCrone that suggested that an independent Scotland would be 'chronically in surplus'. By 1977 by-election losses and defections to the breakaway Scottish Labour Party left Callaghan heading a minority government, forced to trade with smaller parties in order to govern. An arrangement negotiated in 1977 with Liberal leader David Steel, known as the Lib-Lab Pact, ended after one year. After this deals were forged with various small parties including the Scottish National Party and the Welsh nationalist Plaid Cymru, prolonging the life of the government slightly.
The nationalist parties, in turn, demanded devolution to their respective constituent countries in return for their supporting the government. When referenda for Scottish and Welsh devolution were held in March 1979 Welsh devolution was rejected outright while the Scottish referendum returned a narrow majority in favour without reaching the required threshold of 40% support. When the Labour government duly refused to push ahead with setting up the proposed Scottish Assembly, the SNP withdrew its support for the government: this finally brought the government down as it triggered a vote of confidence in Callaghan's government that was lost by a single vote on 28 March 1979, necessitating a general election.
Callaghan had been widely expected to call a general election in the autumn of 1978 when most opinion polls showed Labour to have a narrow lead. However he decided to extend his wage restraint policy for another year hoping that the economy would be in a better shape for a 1979 election. But during the winter of 1978-79 there were widespread strikes among lorry drivers, railway workers, car workers and local government and hospital workers in favour of higher pay-rises that caused significant disruption to everyday life. These events came to be dubbed the "Winter of Discontent".
In the 1979 election Labour suffered electoral defeat by the Conservatives, now led by Margaret Thatcher. The number of people voting Labour hardly changed between February 1974 and 1979 but in 1979 the Conservative Party achieved big increases in support in the Midlands and South of England, benefiting from both a surge in turnout and votes lost by the ailing Liberals.
The "Wilderness Years" (1979–1997).
After its defeat in the 1979 election the Labour Party underwent a period of internal rivalry between the left-wing, represented by Tony Benn, and the right-wing represented by Denis Healey. The election of Michael Foot as leader in 1980, and the left policies they opposed, led in 1981 to four former cabinet ministers from the right of the Labour Party (Shirley Williams, William Rodgers, Roy Jenkins and David Owen) forming the Social Democratic Party. Benn was only narrowly defeated by Healey in a subsequent deputy leadership after the introduction of an electoral college intended to widen the voting franchise to elect the leader and their deputy. By 1982, the National Executive Committee had concluded that the entryist Militant group were in contravention of the party's constitution. The "Militant" newspaper's five member editorial board were expelled on 22 February 1983.
The Labour Party was defeated heavily in the 1983 general election, winning only 27.6% of the vote, its lowest share since 1918, and receiving only half a million votes more than the SDP-Liberal Alliance who leader Michael Foot condemned for "siphoning" Labour support and enabling the Conservatives to greatly increase their majority of parliamentary seats.
Foot resigned and was replaced as leader by Neil Kinnock, with Roy Hattersley as his deputy. The election results were announced on 2 October 1983 and the leadership progressively dropped unpopular policies. The miners strike of 1984–85 over coal mine closures, for which miners' leader Arthur Scargill was blamed, and the Wapping dispute led to clashes with the left of the party, and negative coverage in most of the press. Tabloid vilification of the so-called loony left continued to taint the parliamentary party by association from the activities of 'extra-parliamentary' militants in local government.
Labour improved its performance in 1987, gaining 20 seats and so reducing the Conservative majority from 143 to 102. They were now firmly re-established as the second political party in Britain as the Alliance had once again failed to make a breakthrough with seats. A merger of the SDP and Liberals occurred, eventually emerging as the Liberal Democrats. Following the 1987 election, the National Executive Committee resumed disciplinary action against members of Militant, who remained in the party, leading to further expulsions of their activists and the two MPs who supported the group.
In November 1990, Margaret Thatcher was defeated as leader of the Conservative Party and was succeeded as leader and Prime Minister by John Major. Most opinion polls had shown Labour comfortably ahead of the Tories for more than a year before Mrs Thatcher's resignation, with the fall in Tory support blamed largely on her introduction of the unpopular poll tax, combined with the fact that the economy was sliding into recession at the time.
The change of leader in the Tory government saw a turnaround in support for the Tories, who regularly topped the opinion polls throughout 1991 although Labour regained the lead more than once.
The "yo yo" in the opinion polls continued into 1992, though after November 1990 any Labour lead in the polls was rarely sufficient for a majority. Major resisted Kinnock's calls for a general election throughout 1991. Kinnock campaigned on the theme "It's Time for a Change", urging voters to elect a new government after more than a decade of unbroken Conservative rule. However, the Conservatives themselves had undergone a dramatic change in the change of leader from Thatcher to Major, at least in terms of style if not substance. From the outset, it was clearly a well-received change, as Labour's 14-point lead in the November 1990 "Poll of Polls" was replaced by an 8% Tory lead a month later.
The election on 9 April 1992 was widely tipped to result in a hung parliament or a narrow Labour majority, but in the event the Conservatives were returned to power, though with a much reduced majority of 21 in 1992. Despite the increased number of seats and votes, it was still an incredibly disappointing result for supporters of the Labour party. For the first time in over 30 years there was serious doubt among the public and the media as to whether Labour could ever return to government.
Kinnock then resigned as leader and was replaced by John Smith. Smith's leadership once again saw the re-emergence of tension between those on the party's left and those identified as "modernisers", both of whom advocated radical revisions of the party's stance albeit in different ways. At the 1993 conference, Smith successfully changed the party rules and lessened the influence of the trade unions on the selection of candidates to stand for Parliament by introducing a one member, one vote system called "OMOV" — but only barely, after a barnstorming speech by John Prescott which required Smith to compromise on other individual negotiations.
The Black Wednesday economic disaster in September 1992 left the Conservative government's reputation for monetary excellence in tatters, and by the end of that year Labour had a comfortable lead over the Tories in the opinion polls. Although the recession was declared over in April 1993 and a period of strong and sustained economic growth followed, coupled with a relatively swift fall in unemployment, the Labour lead in the opinion polls remained strong. However, Smith died from a heart attack in May 1994.
"New Labour" – in government (1997–2010).
Tony Blair continued to move the party further to the centre, abandoning the largely symbolic Clause Four at the 1995 mini-conference in a strategy to increase the party's appeal to "middle England". More than a simple re-branding, however, the project would draw upon the Third Way strategy, informed by the thoughts of the British sociologist Anthony Giddens.
"New Labour" was first termed as an alternative branding for the Labour Party, dating from a conference slogan first used by the Labour Party in 1994, which was later seen in a draft manifesto published by the party in 1996, called "New Labour, New Life For Britain". It was a continuation of the trend that had begun under the leadership of Neil Kinnock. "New Labour" as a name has no official status, but remains in common use to distinguish modernisers from those holding to more traditional positions, normally referred to as "Old Labour".
The Labour Party won the 1997 general election with a landslide majority of 179; it was the largest Labour majority ever, and the largest swing to a political party achieved since 1945. Over the next decade, a wide range of progressive social reforms were enacted, with millions lifted out of poverty during Labour's time in office largely as a result of various tax and benefit reforms.
Among the early acts of Tony Blair's government were the establishment of the national minimum wage, the devolution of power to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, and the re-creation of a city-wide government body for London, the Greater London Authority, with its own elected-Mayor. Combined with a Conservative opposition that had yet to organise effectively under William Hague, and the continuing popularity of Blair, Labour went on to win the 2001 election with a similar majority, dubbed the "quiet landslide" by the media.
A perceived turning point was when Tony Blair controversially allied himself with US President George W. Bush in supporting the Iraq War, which caused him to lose much of his political support. The UN Secretary-General, among many, considered the war illegal. The Iraq War was deeply unpopular in most western countries, with Western governments divided in their support and under pressure from worldwide popular protests. At the 2005 election, Labour was re-elected for a third term, but with a reduced majority of 66. The decisions that led up to the Iraq war and its subsequent conduct are currently the subject of Sir John Chilcot's Iraq Inquiry.
Tony Blair announced in September 2006 that he would quit as leader within the year, though he had been under pressure to quit earlier than May 2007 in order to get a new leader in place before the May elections which were expected to be disastrous for Labour. In the event, the party did lose power in Scotland to a minority Scottish National Party government at the 2007 elections and, shortly after this, Tony Blair resigned as Prime Minister and was replaced by his Chancellor, Gordon Brown. Although the party experienced a brief rise in the polls after this, its popularity soon slumped to its lowest level since the days of Michael Foot. During May 2008, Labour suffered heavy defeats in the London mayoral election, local elections and the loss in the Crewe and Nantwich by-election, culminating in the party registering its worst ever opinion poll result since records began in 1943, of 23%, with many citing Brown's leadership as a key factor. Membership of the party also reached a low ebb, falling to 156,205 by the end of 2009: over 40 per cent of the 405,000 peak reached in 1997 and thought to be the lowest total since the party was founded.
Finance proved a major problem for the Labour Party during this period; a "cash for peerages" scandal under Tony Blair resulted in the drying up of many major sources of donations. Declining party membership, partially due to the reduction of activists' influence upon policy-making under the reforms of Neil Kinnock and Tony Blair, also contributed to financial problems. Between January and March 2008, the Labour Party received just over £3 million in donations and were £17 million in debt; compared to the Conservatives' £6 million in donations and £12 million in debt.
In the 2010 general election on 6 May that year, Labour with 29.0% of the vote won the second largest number of seats (258). The Conservatives with 36.5% of the vote won the largest number of seats (307), but no party had an overall majority, meaning that Labour could still remain in power if they managed to form a coalition with at least one smaller party. However, the Labour Party would have had to form a coalition with more than one other smaller party to gain an overall majority; anything less would result in a minority government. On 10 May 2010, after talks to form a coalition with the Liberal Democrats broke down, Gordon Brown announced his intention to stand down as Leader before the Labour Party Conference but a day later resigned as both Prime Minister and party leader.
In opposition (2010–present).
Harriet Harman became the Leader of the Opposition and acting Leader of the Labour Party following the resignation of Gordon Brown on 11 May 2010, pending a leadership election subsequently won by Ed Miliband. This period has to date witnessed some revival in fortunes for the party with Labour gaining a large number of council seats in both the 2011. The party also improved its position in Wales, forming a single party minority Government in the Welsh Assembly. However at the same time, Labour lost a number of MSPs moving backwards in the 2011 Scottish Parliament election.
The party's performance also held up in local elections in 2012 with Labour consolidating its position in the North and Midlands, while also regaining some ground in Southern England. The party took overall control of several high profile English councils including Birmingham, Southampton, Plymouth, Norwich and Carlisle. In Wales the party enjoyed good successes, regaining control of most Welsh Councils lost in 2008 including the cities of Cardiff & Swansea. In Scotland, Labour's held overall control of Glasgow City Council despite some predictions to the contrary, and also enjoyed a +3.26 swing across Scotland. In London, results were mixed for the party; Ken Livingstone lost the election for Mayor of London, but the party gained its highest ever representation in the Greater London Authority in the concurrent London Assembly election, 2012.
On 15 November 2012, Labour won the previously Conservative held seat of Corby in a by-election following the resignation of the previous MP Louise Mensch. This was the first seat gained by Labour in a by-election since the Wirral South by-election in 1997. It also held its seat in the South Shields by-election, 2013 on a slightly reduced majority.
In September 2010 the party reported a surge of 32,000 new members since the general election; at the end of 2011 this figure had reached 65,000 new members.
Blue Labour.
The new leadership of the party has been seeking a coherent ideological position to answer Cameron's "Big Society" rhetoric, and also mark a sea-change from the neoliberal ideology of Blair and "New Labour".
Blue Labour is a recent, and somewhat influential ideological tendency in the party that advocates the belief that working class voters will be won back to Labour through more conservative policies on certain social and international issues, such as immigration and crime, a rejection of neoliberal economics in favour of ideas from guild socialism and continental corporatism, and a switch to local and democratic community management and provision of services, rather than relying on a traditional welfare state that is seen as excessively "bureaucratic". These ideas have been given an endorsement by Ed Miliband who in 2011 wrote the preface to a book expounding Blue Labour's positions. However, it lost some influence after comments by Maurice Glasman in the Telegraph newspaper.
Ed Miliband has himself emphasised "responsible capitalism" and greater state intervention to change the balance of the UK economy away from financial services. Tackling vested interests and opening up closed circles in British society have also been themes that he has returned to a number of times. Miliband has also suggested policies to ensure that workers are paid a living wage (an amount higher than the current minimum wage), such as offer tax breaks to persuade the private sector to pay the wage as a way to boost productivity and cut welfare bills.
In June 2013, the party's shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, accepted that Labour would use cuts scheduled for 2015-2016 by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition as the basis for its own cuts programme. He has also been accused of planning to cut the state pension. These policies have been referred to as the party "abandoning economic case about austerity for what they seem to think is a short-term political advantage".
2013 Labour Party Falkirk candidate selection.
Eric Joyce, Labour MP for Falkirk, chose to resign from the party after pleading guilty to charges of assault. Though he had already been suspended because of the charge, the resignation forced Labour to begin looking for a new parliamentary candidate for the constituency ahead of the United Kingdom general election, 2015. The process of selecting a candidate was deferred to the party's National Executive Committee in February 2013 due to a suspicion that Unite, a major trade union and a significant financial backer of the party, was registering union members as party members in order to push its favoured candidate.
In June 2013, the party announced that its NEC would be taking direct control of the candidate selection process for Falkirk because of "concern about the legitimacy of members qualifying to participate in the selection of a Westminster candidate". The resultant row has so far caused the suspension of two local party members, the resignation of Deputy Leader Tom Watson MP as Labour's 2015 election strategist, and the forwarding by Ed Miliband of the NEC internal report into the situation to Police Scotland.
"The Guardian" has reported that the row has led to a former cabinet minister and other "senior party figures" calling for Labour to break its formal links with the trade union movement.
Symbols.
Labour has long been identified with the color "red" which is traditionally affiliated with social democracy and the Labour movement in political colours; since the parties inception, the Red flag (politics) was the official symbol of the Labour party as it has long been associated as a symbol of socialism since the French revolution and the revolutions of 1848. In 1986 the red rose was adopted as the new official symbol of the party in a rebranding attempt which brought about mixed opinion and is now incorporated into the party logo. The flag in some cases is still used today, more often defaced with the logo of the Labour Party.
The red flag became an inspiration which resulted in the composition of "The Red Flag" which has been the official party anthem since its inception, being sung at the end of party conferences and on various occasions such as in parliament on February 2006 to mark the centenary of the Labour Party’s founding. During New Labour attempts were made to play down the role of the song, however it still remains to be used.
Electoral performance.
†The first election held under the Representation of the People Act 1918 in which all men over 21, and most women over the age of 30 could vote, and therefore a much larger electorate
‡The first election under universal suffrage in which all women aged over 21 could vote
Current elected MPs.
258 Labour MPs were elected at the 2010 election. The MPs as of November 2012 are:

</doc>
<doc id="19279165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279165" title="KTUI">
KTUI

KTUI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19279167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279167" title="New South Wales Z12 class locomotive">
New South Wales Z12 class locomotive

The Z12 class was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives built for and operated by the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
The Z12 Class (formerly C79 and C80 class) was the first class of locomotive on the New South Wales Government Railways to be built in relatively large numbers. They hauled all express passenger and mail trains for some 20 years.
The design derives from the Metropolitan Railway A Class 4-4-0T condensing steam locomotives built for the Metropolitan Railway by Beyer Peacock in 1864. The design of these locomotives was attributed to the Metropolitan Engineer John Fowler, but the design was a development of a locomotive Beyers had built for the Spanish Tudela & Bilbao Railway, Fowler only specifying the driving wheel diameter, axle weight and the ability to navigate sharp curves.
A total of 68 were built. The first batch of 30 were built by Beyer, Peacock and Company and placed in service as the 79 class between 1877 and 1879. They were the first locomotives to be imported with Westinghouse continuous air-brakes already fitted. The second batch of 26 came from Dübs and Company. These arrived between 1880 and 1881. A further four followed from Beyer, Peacock in 1881. To assist local industry, a contract for eight was awarded to the Atlas Engineering Works situated in Sydney's Haymarket and delivered in 1881–1882.
Their numbers were thinned from 1895 when No. 88 was converted to a 4-4-2T tank engine for Sydney suburban service with a further 19 following by 1902. These Tank Engines were reclassified the C79 class. The remaining engines became the C80 class.
The arrival of newer locomotives such as the D255 (later Z15), D261 (later Z16), O446 (later Z23) and P6 (later C32) classes saw them relegated to hauling secondary and later branch line services radiating out of Dubbo, Werris Creek, Narrabri and Moree, where some were equipped with cowcatchers for operation on unfenced lines. In an attempt to prevent cinders blocking the lower boiler tubes between cleanings in December 1956 an extended smokebox was fitted to 1219 with 1243 similarly modified in the 1960s. 
In 1924 the class was renumbered becoming the Z12 class. The Z was an ominous sign however, denoting that the class was regarded as obsolete, and the conversion of 77 C30 class suburban tank engines (made redundant by electrification) into C30T class 4-6-0 branchline engines saw withdrawals begin with 23 taken out of service between 1928 and 1933. Many of the others survived into the 1950s hauling branch line services.
Demise and Preservation.
The first two withdrawals occurred in 1957, a further four followed in 1963.
In 1955 for the centenary of rail operations in New South Wales, 1243 was restored to its original livery. It was joined by 1210 in December 1959 and together these hauled the Vintage Train across the state.
In January 1962 the pair hauled a special service to Canberra where 1210 and placed on display outside Canberra railway station. Having hauled the first train into the nation's capital in May 1914, 1210 had historical significance for Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="19279179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279179" title="Carlos Cirne Lima">
Carlos Cirne Lima

Carlos Roberto Velho Cirne Lima also referred to as Carlos Cirne Lima (born in 1931, in :Porto Alegre, :Rio Grande do Sul, :Brasil) is a Brazilian contemporary dialectical philosopher.
He obtained his doctor-degree in 1958 at the :University of Innsbruck, :Austria.
Was a full professor at the universities UFRGS (Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul), PUCRS (Pontífica Universidade do Rio Grande do Sul) in Porto Alegre, and UNISINOS in São Leopoldo, Rio Grande do Sul.
Philosophy as science.
All science, including Philosophy, has an ascending and descending path. Plato called these movements contained in the trajectory of science anábasis and katábasis...'"
Books in English.
CIRNE-LIMA, CARLOS Personal Faith: A Metaphysical Inquiry
Herder, 1965. 206 pp.
Cirne-Lima, Carlos Dialectics for B eginners, PUCRS, 1997
Cirne-Lima, Carlos Beyond Hegel
Editora da Universidade de Caxias do Sul / RS
Books in Portuguese.
"Depois de Hegel. Uma reconstrução crítica do sistema neoplatônico" (2006)
"Dialética e auto-organização" (2003, organizador, com Luiz Rohden)
"Nós e o Absoluto" (2001, organizador, com R. C. Costa e C. Almeida)
Dialética para Todos (2005) Rom feito em parceria com Alípio Lippstein, Maurício N.Santos, Carlos Dohrn e Maria Tomaselli
"Dialética para Principiantes" (1996)
"Sobre a contradição" (1993)
"Realismo e Dialética. A Analogia como dialética do Realismo" (1967)
Book in German.
"Der personale Glaube. Eine erkenntnismetaphysische Studie" (1959)

</doc>
<doc id="19279220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279220" title="James Morgan (journalist)">
James Morgan (journalist)

James Morgan (29 December 1938–26 June 2002) was the BBC World Service's Economics Correspondent from 1974–1998. He was also a prominent national newspaper columnist, writing a personal column in the Financial Times from 1995–1999. He was known for his 'wise, incisive' reporting style and ability to summarise complex economic issues comprehensibly. He began his working life on The Far Eastern Economic Review, a Malaysia-based magazine devoted to financial affairs, before moving to the Centre for Economic Policy Research. During his career at the World Service he reported on all the major international economic events of the period, including the consequences of the fall of the Berlin Wall and the first meetings of the G7.
His book, The Last Generation (1996), was a study of the prospects for economic intervention in the progress of global warming. It was written under the auspices of the World Humanity Action Trust, or WHAT.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/pressoffice/pressreleases/stories/2002/06_june/28/james_morgan.shtml
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/special_report/1998/05/98/g8/96168.stm

</doc>
<doc id="19279292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279292" title="Leon Young">
Leon Young

Leon D. Young (born July 4, 1967) is a former police officer who has been a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 16th Assembly District, since his 1992 election.
Gaining office.
In 1992, his aunt, incumbent Marcia P. Coggs, waited until just hours before the deadline for filing nomination papers to announce her retirement. Only one potential competitor had time to file nomination papers, since no challengers had planned to file against Coggs for the Democratic nomination (tantamount to election in this heavily-African-American, reliably Democratic district). (Wisconsin's statutes have been changed to prevent such a surprise being repeated.) Young was elected to his aunt’s seat and has been re-elected ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="19279294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279294" title="Miss Teen Nepal">
Miss Teen Nepal

Miss Teen Nepal is the second-largest beauty pageant in Nepal. This pageant is held by the Kathmandu Jacyees where; teen-aged girls from Nepal participate in the pageant. The reigning Miss Teen Nepal is Shambhani Rimal, who was crowned on December 30, 2013.
History.
Kathmandu Jacyees first started the Miss Teen Nepal in 2002 and has been annually held since then. The pageant is live telecast through Himalayan Television.
For the Miss Teen Nepal. The application must be at least 16 to 18 years old originally, which was extended to 19 in 2006. 
In 2007, Khusbu Oli had an argument with her successor Ayusha Karki; as Ayusha had joined another pageant of World Miss University 2007 in less than a month gap in which she ended up winning the crown, ended Khusbu was the 1st runner up which cause this controversial argument.

</doc>
<doc id="19279300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279300" title="Electoral district of Karrinyup">
Electoral district of Karrinyup

Karrinyup was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1962 to 1989.
The district was based in the beachside northern suburbs of Perth. First contested at the 1962 state election, it was won by Liberal candidate Les Nimmo, who was at the time member for the abolished Wembley Beaches.
Karrinyup was abolished ahead of the 1989 state election. The then sitting member, Liberal MP Jim Clarko, successfully contested the new seat of Marmion.

</doc>
<doc id="19279309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279309" title="Mario Schifano">
Mario Schifano

Mario Schifano ( 20 September 1934, Khoms, Libya - 26 January 1998, Rome, Italy ) was an Italian painter and collagist of the Postmodern tradition. He also achieved some renown as a film-maker and rock musician. 
He is considered to be one of most significant and pre-eminent artists of Italian postmodernism, alongside contemporaries such as Francesco Clemente, Sandro Chia and Giulio Paolini. His work was exhibited in the famous 1962 "New Realists" show at the Sidney Janis Gallery with all the young Pop art and Nouveau réalisme luminaries, including Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein. He became part of the core group of artists comprising the "Scuola romana" alongside Franco Angeli and Tano Festa . Reputed as a prolific and exuberant artist, he nonetheless struggled with a lifelong drug habit that earned him the label "maledetto", or "cursed".
Schifano had a relationship with Marianne Faithfull in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19279313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279313" title="Conradine Birgitte Dunker">
Conradine Birgitte Dunker

Conradine Birgitte Dunker (née Hansteen) (25 August 1780 – 1866) was a Norwegian socialite and writer.
Born in Christiania, she held a "prominent spot in the social life of the capital city", according to one encyclopedia. She was also involved in the Dramatic Society. Her memoars "Gamle Dage : Erindringer og Tidsbilleder" were published posthumously in 1871, and are seen as valuable sources on the 19th century cultural life. It has been re-published several times, and Conradine Birgitte Dunker was also biographed in 1996.
She was the mother of Bernhard Dunker and Vilhelmine Ullmann. Her younger brother was astronomer Christopher Hansteen; as such she was the aunt of feminist and painter Aasta Hansteen.

</doc>
<doc id="19279317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279317" title="Real-time charging">
Real-time charging

Real-time charging is an extension of call accounting that enables communications service providers (CSPs) to apply customer-specific rules for rating, discounting, promotions and settlements to better personalize the telecom experience. As CSPs begin to roll out advanced networks and services, offering and making money on these services requires the ability to do real-time charging. 
Real-time charging came into existence to serve the needs of prepaid mobile phone carriers as they sought to enter market segments where the traditional subscription model was no longer applicable, Pre-paid offers required instant evaluation of both the cost and the ability to pay for a telecommunications service, followed by in-call decrementing of the balance. These real-time attributes began to be demanded for service offers other than pre-paid. For instance, to create a spend limit in a post-paid account the account balance must be continuously monitored to detect when the limit is reached and take the appropriate action e.g. suspend calling or send a warning SMS. Real time charging has been in place within the enterprise market for a number of years, most notably in the hospitality industry where transient guest required real time resolution of charges and payments. Enterprise markets are not centered around subscribers but as components of a broader employee or customer relationship or transaction.
While enterprises may have long possessed real time capabilities, CSPs are replacing or augmenting their existing, offline billing systems with real-time systems, that are capable of supporting pre-paid and post-paid services, as well as wired services. In the process, these real-time systems are creating new revenue opportunities for CSPs.
Real-time charging systems are part of the telecom industry trend toward convergence. For example, CSPs that offer triple play and quadruple play packages can use real-time systems to charge for services that span disparate networks and technologies, such as wireline, wireless, circuit-switched and Internet Protocol (IP). 
Transforming subscriber experiences
CSPs are using real-time charging to create customer-centric charging models based on lifestyle, profession, age, interests or other segmentation by creating packages with virtually any mix of video, fixed voice, high-speed Internet, and mobile services to boost usage, loyalty, and market share. Examples of this include: 
Real-time charging market
Analysts predict strong sales of real-time charging products over the next several years, with the worldwide market expected to grow from $2.6 billion in 2007 to more than $4.4 billion in 2012.
Top market players include Telcordia, Volubill, Ericsson, HP, Openet, Oracle, Orga Systems, Nokia Siemens Networks and Redknee, according to OSS Observer. In the hospitality enterprise marketplace, the top players include SDD's JAZZ Fusion and TigerTMS' Hotel Pro and CUB

</doc>
<doc id="19279331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279331" title="Lev Vlassenko">
Lev Vlassenko

Lev Nikolaevich Vlassenko (Russian: Лев Никола́евич Вла́сенко; 24 December 1928 – 24 August 1996) was a pianist and teacher who was born in the Soviet Union.
Biography.
Lev Vlassenko was born on 24 December 1928 in Tiflis, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union to Nikolai Appolonovich Vlassenko and Vera Solomonovna Benditskaya. 
Lev Vlassenko's first music teacher was his mother Vera. Lev entered the music school for gifted children in Tiflis in the class of Anastasia Davidovna Virsaladze - herself a pupil of the renowned Anna Yesipova. Lev began to play in public at an early age. At the age of ten years old, he played Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 1 with renowned conductor Odysseas Dimitriadis. In 1948, Lev Vlassenko entered the class of Yakov Flier at the Moscow Conservatory and completed his undergraduate and postgraduate studies. 
He gained international recognition after winning the First Prize and Gold Medal at the Liszt International Piano Competition in Budapest in 1956. He and Chinese pianist Liu Shikun came second to Van Cliburn at the inaugural International Tchaikovsky Piano Competition in 1958. 
Lev Vlassenko taught at the Moscow Conservatory for 39 years. He has taught several world renowned pianists such as Mikhail Pletnev, Kalle Randalu, Mykola Suk, Lev Vinocour, Vladimir Daych, Natasha Vlassenko, Oleg Stepanov, Boris Petrov, Teofils Biķis, Karine Oganian, Jania Aubakirova, Alexander Strukov, Duncan Gifford and others. In the early 1990s he was professor in the United States at Indiana University and the New England Conservatory, Boston.
Lev Vlassenko was a jury member in many international piano competitions. They include the International Tchaikovsky Piano Competition in Moscow, the Sydney International Piano Competition, the Leeds International Pianoforte Competition, the International Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw, the Liszt Piano Competition in Budapest, the Arthur Rubinstein Piano Competition in Tel Aviv and others. Lev Vlassenko became the President of the International Tchaikovsky Piano Competition jury in 1994. He also headed the “International Association of Tchaikovsky Competition Stars”. 
In 1991 he was decorated a People's Artist of the USSR.
During his final years, Vlassenko resided in Australia, teaching at the Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by Griffith University in 1996 in recognition of his vast contribution to the development of the Conservatorium. 
He died on 24 August 1996 in Brisbane, Australia.
Memory.
Lev Vlassenko recorded 22 disks and 6 CDs. 
In 1999, his daughter, Natasha Vlassenko, and son-in-law, Oleg Stepanov, founded the Lev Vlassenko Piano Competition in his memory. The competition takes place in Brisbane every two years since 1999.
One of the Moscow musical schools is named after Lev Vlassenko.
Every year Vlassenko Piano Competition for Children takes place in Moscow.
In 2009 the book "Lev Vlassenko. Articles, reminiscences, interviews" was published in Brisbane.
At the Sydney International Piano Competition, the Lev Vlassenko Memorial Prize is awarded for the best performance of a virtuoso study.
Words of appreciation.
"“Lev Vlassenko is a splendid musician - clever and talented. This was particularly displayed in his performance of the Liszt Sonata, which sounded wonderfully integral. One rarely has such and orchestral manner of performance combined with technical perfection.”" – Heinrich Neuhaus
"“Lev Vlassenko is a great artist. Listeners enojoyed his excellent performance of Liszt's Sonata in b minor, a piece which is extremely complicated because of its profound ideas and virtuosity. A magnificent sense of form and style of such different pieces as Liszt Sonata and Shostakovich Prelude and Fugue in d minor...”" – Sviatoslav Richter
"“... the pianist displayed clarity, wide breath sincerity and deep penetration into the music.”" – Emil Gilels
"“His unpretentious temperament and natural virtuosity always serve the noble aim of revealing the inner essence of the composition. A remarkable sense of form, combined with deep sincerity is the most important feature in Lev Vlassenko’s artistic image.”" – Yakov Flier
"“...a musician conveying deep inner thoughts and emotions that purify and enrich people's souls.”" – Ivan Kozlovsky 
"“Lev Vlassenko is an extraordinary personality with a beautiful, elevated creative nature, and a remarkable musician. He is a pianist with his own specific manner of performing – strict, but brilliant and, at the same time, deep.”" – Innokenty Smoktunovsky

</doc>
<doc id="19279354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279354" title="2000 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
2000 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 2000 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 28th edition of the event known that year as the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, and was part of the ATP International Series Gold of the 2000 ATP Tour. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from March 14 through March 20, 2000.
The singles draw was led by ATP No. 2, Australian Open runner-up, Moscow titlist and Rotterdam defending champion Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Australian Open quarterfinalist, and recent Dubai winner Nicolas Kiefer, and Australian Open semifinalist, Auckland titlist Magnus Norman. Also present were Lyon and Indianapolis champion Nicolás Lapentti, Rotterdam defending finalist Tim Henman, Thomas Enqvist, Greg Rusedski and Cédric Pioline.

</doc>
<doc id="19279355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279355" title="Rio Bravo Conservation and Management Area">
Rio Bravo Conservation and Management Area

Rio Bravo Conservation and Management Area is a nature reserve located in northwestern Belize. Rio Bravo, as it is known, was established by Programme for Belize in 1988 with the purchase of 110,044 acres (44,533.2 hectares) of land from Gallon Jug Agroindustries. With logging encroachment imminent in 1989, the Nature Conservancy joined Programme for Belize to protect the land. Additional land donations from Coca-Cola Foods, Inc. (42,007 acres in 1990 and in 1992) and purchases from New River Enterprises Ltd. (14,011 acres and both in 1994) enlarged the protected area to . Rio Bravo is the largest terrestrial conservation area in Belize, comprising 4% of the country's total land area.
Habitat, flora, and fauna.
Rio Bravo is host to a wide variety of habitats including:
Surveys of Rio Bravo have yielded over 70 mammal species (greater than 50% bats) and 392 bird species (25% of which are nearctic migrants). Detailed inventories of fish and invertebrates have not yet been undertaken. Twenty-two vegetation types are encompassed by the boundaries of the conservation area, and support 230 tree species.
Species of conservation concern found within the conservation area include the Yellow-headed Amazon, Morelet's Crocodile, and the Central American river turtle.
Physical geology and climate.
Rio Bravo sits atop an extension of the Yucatán Platform, which is composed mostly of Cretaceous to early Pleistocene limestone, although dolomite and evaporites are also present at various depths. Alluvial sands have been deposited over the limestones over extensive areas during the Pleistocene. The principal topographical features are a series of escarpments aligned southwest-northeast, which also guide the drainage of the Rio Bravo, Booth's River and New River systems. Overall elevation of the site ranges from 13–790 feet.
The area is subject to a 3 month dry season between February and April and a bimodal wet season with highest rainfall in June and October There are wide variations from this basic pattern between years. Annual rainfall is approximately 61-63 inches per year. The coolest period is from November to January, with an average temperature range from 21-26.5C; the warmest period is April to May when average maximum temperatures rise to 31.5C. The record low is 9C and record high is 38C.
Visitor facilities.
Visits to Rio Bravo consist primarily of researchers and university students, though educational outreach programs to the local community also attract visitors.
La Milpa Field Station.
La Milpa Field Station is situated in the northeastern portion of the reserve, only three miles from La Milpa Archaeological Site, the third largest Mayan ruin in Belize. The field station offers a "green" dormitory and four double-unit cabanas, accommodating 30 visitors. All are constructed of local hardwoods and palm thatch. Activities include: birding, forest walks, community visits, and Mayan ruin exploration.
Hill Bank Field Station.
Hill Bank Field Station is situated along the south shore of the New River Lagoon, along Ramgoat Creek. Originally, the site was used as a logging camp established by British buccaneers and African slaves in the 18th century to harvest mahogany. Records show that 400 trees were extracted per year in the early days, rising to 7,000 per year in the late 1970s. Mahogany supplies dwindled quickly at that rate, and the camp was abandoned in 1982.
Like La Milpa, Hill Bank has both a dormitory and a cabana, sleeping 30 visitors. Activities include: forest walks, water-based activities (night crocodile spotting, river trips), frog watches, rain forest research and forestry research, the Hill Bank Reforestation Project, ranger patrols and community visits. Lamanai is about 2 hours to the north by boat.
Income.
Rio Bravo receives funding from donations as well as a number of income-generating projects, including carbon credit-generating sequestration plots.
Ongoing research.
Hill Bank Field Station serves as a study site for Las Golondrinas de las Americas. Nest boxes in the shallows of the lagoon house a study population of the Mangrove swallow, and a vacuum insect sample sits behind the cafeteria.

</doc>
<doc id="19279364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279364" title="Cache Hill">
Cache Hill

Cache Hill is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period. Once used as an airdrop for food and supplies by the Geophysical Survey of Canada, hence its name, it is located north of Raspberry Pass in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19279369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279369" title="Çanaqbulaq">
Çanaqbulaq

Çanaqbulaq or Chanakhbulak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19279377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279377" title="Caleb Rich">
Caleb Rich

Caleb Rich (born 1 August 1750 in Sutton, MA) was an American minister who was influential in the formation of the Universalist Church.
Rich was the son of Rev. Elisha Rich and Mary Davis. His father being a Baptist and his mother an adherent of the "standing order," he probably became accustomed to hearing discussions of religious questions in his boyhood. He had a speculative and inquiring mind, and as appears readily accepted the views of the opposers of orthodoxy of the day in general, although on special points of doctrine he held views peculiar to himself. He was nominally a Baptist, and retained his connection with that denomination until after his removal to Warwick at about twenty-one years of age. There his peculiar notions became so offensive that he and also his brother Nathaniel were brought before the church "for errors in doctrine," and on the charge, were set aside. Soon after, in 1773, these brothers with one or two associates formed the new society at Warwick, and Caleb became the minister.
In 1775, at the "Lexington alarm," he marched as a minuteman, under Capt. Wright, for Cambridge, and after being there a few weeks obtained a furlough and went to visit among his relatives at Sutton and Oxford. His friends would hear him explain his new doctrine; and therefore from house to house in Sutton, Oxford, Charlton, Thompson and Douglas, he opened and expounded his theories, until on his return to the camp, he says, "the brethren numbered forty or fifty." On his return to Warwick he renewed his labors with increased zeal. There his ordination as a minister occurred in 1781. After having remained in Warwick about thirty years, he removed to Shoreham, Vt, and later to New Haven, Vt, in which place and vicinity he continued to preach, as his health permitted. He was familiar with the scriptures, delighted in arguments of doctrine subjects, and was more than an ordinary man as a thinker, but as a preacher he did not excel. Rev. W. S. Balch, from whose sketch of him these notes are in part compiled, says: "He was the real founder of American Universalism." (now known as the Universalist Church)

</doc>
<doc id="19279398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279398" title="Thomas Circle Singers">
Thomas Circle Singers

Thomas Circle Singers (TCS) is an independent chamber chorus located in Washington DC. It donates concert ticket proceeds to nonprofit organizations. TCS has raised $100,000 for various Washington DC-based charitable causes over the last six years. 
The group was founded in 1976 with the support of Luther Place Memorial Church, and is currently located at National City Christian Church on Thomas Circle in Washington DC. TCS was named Washingtonian of the Year 2000 by Washingtonian Magazineand artistic director James Kreger was honored with WETA-FM’s Hometown Hero award.[http://www.mencanstoprape.org/calendar2702/calendar_show.htm?doc_id=124145
Recent concert seasons have included Gerald Finzi’s In terra pax, Irving Fine’s “The Choral New Yorker,” Maurice Duruflé’s Requiem, the North American premiere of Bob Chilcott’s “Canticles of Light,” and the world premiere of Daniel Gawthrop’s “The Bond of Charity,” commissioned by TCS to celebrate its 25th anniversary season. The 2005-2006 concert season included the world premiere of Robert Convery’s “Glory to the Child,” commissioned by TCS to celebrate its thirtieth anniversary season. The 2007-2008 season featured the world premiere of a choral work commissioned by TCS, “A Heart in Hiding (The Passionate Love Poems of Emily Dickinson) ” by Gwyneth Walker. In 2011, TCS celebrated its 35th anniversary by premiering the commissioned work "August Moonrise" by Blake Henson.
The beneficiary for TCS's 2008-2009 season is Men Can Stop Rape, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19279421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279421" title="Kazimierz Żeromski">
Kazimierz Żeromski

Kazimierz Chwalibów Żeromski (died 1662) was Pułkownik of Lithuanian forces during the Battle of Kushliki, where he defeated the first assault of Prince Ivan Andreyevich Khovansky.

</doc>
<doc id="19279430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279430" title="The Saucer">
The Saucer

The Saucer is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="19279438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279438" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2005">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2005

These are "Official Charts Company" UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="19279453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279453" title="Burbujas">
Burbujas

Burbujas was a Mexican album for kids released in 1979. Juan García Esquivel was commissioned to compose the music of a Mexican children's TV show called Odisea Burbujas, which later landed on this album.

</doc>
<doc id="19279455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279455" title="Jardin botanique &quot;Les Cèdres&quot;">
Jardin botanique &quot;Les Cèdres&quot;

The Jardin botanique "Les Cèdres" () (14 hectares), often called simply Les Cèdres or the Jardin de la villa "Les Cèdres", is a private botanical garden located at 57 Avenue Denis Semeria, Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.
The garden was established in 1924 on the grounds of the villa "Les Cèdres", constructed in 1830 in the Sardinian style and once the property of King Leopold II of Belgium. In 1924 the property was purchased by Alexandre Marnier-Lapostolle, founder of the society of Grand Marnier. In 1928 his son Julien intensified the cultivation of exotic plants. Since 1976 the garden has been owned by the Société des Produits Marnier-Lapostolle. 
Today the garden contains more than 14,000 species of tropical plants, with the most tender kept in 25 heated greenhouses. It is said to be one of the largest collections of tropical plants in Europe, and includes a palm grove, a collection of bamboos, and an equatorial forest grove. The collections include "Euphorbia coerulescens", "Myrtillocactus geometrizans", and specimens of Aizoaceae, Aloe, Araceae, Amaryllidaceae, Bromeliaceae, Euphorbiaceae, Cactaceae, Calymmanthium, Crassulaceae, Liliaceae, and Palmae.

</doc>
<doc id="19279477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279477" title="Carex intumescens">
Carex intumescens

Carex intumescens, also known as bladder sedge, is a species of "Carex"

</doc>
<doc id="19279488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279488" title="Üzü">
Üzü

Üzü may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19279494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279494" title="Robert Welbourn">
Robert Welbourn

Robert Welbourn (born 11 June 1987) is a British Paralympian swimmer. He was born in Chesterfield. He began his swimming career at Deeping Swimming Club in Deeping St. James.
At both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics he won gold medals in the 4x100 metre freestyle relay (34 points) and silver medals in the 400 metre freestyle (S10) events.
In 2013 Welbourn was part of the British team that competed at the IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal. He took silver in the 400m freestyle, finishing behind America's Ian Jaryd Silverman. 

</doc>
<doc id="19279495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279495" title="Toileting">
Toileting

In health care, toileting is the act of assisting a dependent patient with his/her elimination needs. Depending on a patient's condition, his/her toileting needs may need to be met differently. This could be by assisting the patient to walk to a bathroom, to a portable commode, onto a bedpan, or to provide a male patient with a urinal. A more dependent or incontinent patient may have his/her toileting needs met solely through the use of diapers.
Methods of toileting.
The methods used for toileting patients vary for each patient, depending on the needs of the particular patient.
Ambulatory assistance.
Some patients can walk with assistance from another person, usually a health care worker. Aside from the need for this help, they are capable of meeting their own elimination needs.
Bedpan.
Patients who cannot get out of bed easily but are continent are able to request a bedpan. The bedpan is placed underneath the patient, who can urinate or defecate as needed.
Some patients are able to place their own bedpans under themselves, and assistance is required only to empty them after the fact.
Urinal.
A urinal is much like a bedpan but only for a male, the urinal is shaped in a way that the male may use it while still in bed and remain comfortable. The urinal is also often used when I & O must be recorded.
Diaper.
Incontinent patient often wear diapers to prevent their pants from being stained by their elimination. Diapers must be checked and changed frequently.
Catheter.
Catheters are tubes that drain urine straight out of the bladder. A Foley catheter is inserted into the bladder. An external catheter is attached to the penis of a male patient. In the US, while Foley catheters can only be applied by a nurse or physician, external catheters can be attached to patients by a certified nurse assistant.
Collection, measurement, and analysis.
Input and output.
Input and output (I & O) is the measure of food and fluids that enter and exit the body. Certain patients with the need are placed on I & O, and if so, their urinary output is measured.
With self-toileting patients on I & O, or those who are assisted to a regular toilet or portable commode, a receptacle is placed in the toilet bowl that catches all urine that is put out by the patient. This, in turn, is measured by the nursing staff and recorded prior to its disposal.
If the patient is using a bedpan, the nursing staff member who empties the bedpan measures the urine prior to its disposal.
Urinals usually contain measuring lines providing easy measurement. Urinals are also useful for measuring urine from other sources.
Catheters, which are frequently used when it is necessary to measure a patient's output, often have measuring lines on their bags, but these are not considered to be accurate because the bag is floppy. Urine that is emptied from a catheter must be placed in a level container (such as a urinal) in order to be measured.
Bowel movement.
In many patients, bowel movement is also measured. In some facilities, it is the standard procedure to record bowel movement of all patients.
Bowel movement is generally measured by its size (small, medium, or large), given the amount. Additionally, if a patient has diarrhea, this is recorded.
A patient who has not had a bowel movement in several days is often given laxatives. Patients who independently toilet themselves often do not report bowel movements, thereby leading them to get laxatives when they do not need them.

</doc>
<doc id="19279505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279505" title="Jens Gram Dunker">
Jens Gram Dunker

Jens Gram Dunker (February 17, 1892 – August 25, 1981) was a Norwegian architect.
Born in Christiania, he took architectural education in Dresden. He first worked under Harald Hals and Arnstein Arneberg, but started on his own in 1919. Together with Gudolf Blakstad he drew the theatre building for Det Nye Teater, a building that is important in the transition between neo-classicism and functionalism in Norwegian architecture. 
In 1938 Dunker was hired as a manager at the Royal Palace, Oslo, retiring in 1962 after a lengthy building restoration that commenced in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19279520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279520" title="Juncus interior">
Juncus interior

Juncus interior is a species of rush. It is known by the common name Interior Rush, and in its native range also as "Soft Rush" (which generally refers to "J. effusus" outside North America). 
It is native to the central inlands of North America where it grows in moist areas such as meadows and spring prairies. It can also be found in drier areas. 
This is a perennial herb with tufted roots. It has long, flat, narrow leaves with rounded auricles. The flowers are located along the ascending branchlets. They are green with very narrow, pointed sepals and petals and six stamens. The fruits are pale brown capsules which are eaten by waterfowl.

</doc>
<doc id="19279530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279530" title="We Three Kings (The Bob and Tom Show album)">
We Three Kings (The Bob and Tom Show album)

We Three Kings is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in December 1992. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19279541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279541" title="Villa (insect)">
Villa (insect)

Villa is a genus of flies belonging to the bee-fly family (Bombyliidae). They range in size from , and have typically rounded heads. The males of some species have a brilliant mat of silvery patagial scales. About 270 "Villa" species are found on all continents except Antarctica. They can be distinguished from similar genera ("Hemipenthes") by their wing venation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19279591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279591" title="Sheep Track Pumice">
Sheep Track Pumice

Sheep Track Pumice or Sheep Track Member by Canadian volcanologist Jack Souther, is the name for a pumice deposit in northern British Columbia, Canada. It lies in the Snowshoe Lava Field and is thought to have formed in the Holocene period.

</doc>
<doc id="19279646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279646" title="Swedish Tax Agency">
Swedish Tax Agency

The Swedish Tax Agency () is a government agency in Sweden responsible for national tax collection and administering the population registration.
The agency was formed on 1 January 2004 through the merge of the Swedish National Tax Board ("Riksskatteverket") and the then 10 existing regional tax authorities ("skattemyndigheter").
The Swedish Tax Agency (and prior to that, the Swedish National Tax Board) was also formerly the parent agency of the Swedish Enforcement Administration ("Kronofogdemyndigheten"). Since 1 July 2008, the Swedish Enforcement Administration is an independent agency but with close administrative ties to the Swedish Tax Agency.
The agency has local offices in over a hundred cities across Sweden, with the headquarters located in Solna, Stockholm County.

</doc>
<doc id="19279688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279688" title="NVI F.K.33">
NVI F.K.33

__NOTOC__
The NVI F.K.33 was an airliner built in the Netherlands in 1925 for use by KLM for night flying. It was a largely conventional high-wing, strut-braced monoplane with seating for ten passengers in an enclosed cabin. A trimotor design, the placement of its engines was unusual. While two engines were mounted among the struts that braced the wings and the main units of the undercarriage, the third engine was mounted pusher-fashion on a set of struts above the wing. The engine installation was further unorthodox in that none of the three engines were enclosed in nacelles, remaining instead fully exposed. 
Operational history.
KLM successfully operated the type for two years on its Amsterdam-London-Paris-Malmö route, but doing an increasing amount of business with Fokker, did not purchase further aircraft from NVI. The F.K.33 was eventually sold to German airline Aero, but after two accidents within months of purchasing it, they returned it claiming poor workmanship. It was sold again in 1928, to Baumer-Aero, who replaced the Armstrong-Siddeley engines with Junkers L5s and the boarding lights with loudspeakers. In this configuration, it was flown as an advertising machine until 1931. The F.K.33 ended its days requisitioned by the Luftwaffe in 1939 as an instructional airframe.

</doc>
<doc id="19279747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279747" title="Legio II Gallica">
Legio II Gallica

Roman Legio II Gallica established in Arausio (modern Orange) can be possibly equated with later Legio II Augusta.

</doc>
<doc id="19279760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279760" title="Øyvinn Øi">
Øyvinn Øi

Øyvinn Øi (19 June 1901 in Hadsel, Vesterålen – 9 April 1940) was a Norwegian military officer during the outbreak of the Second World War.
Personal life.
Øyvinn Øi was born in Hadsel, the son of lector Gunnar Øi and Thora, née Lind. In 1926 he married Aagot Hesselborg, with whom he had four children.
Career.
After his examen artium Øi took an officer exam attending the Norwegian Military Academy. He also did military studies in France.
Øi, a captain in the general staff, first became to the general public after giving a lecture entitled "Det strategiske overfall" ('The Strategic Attack') to the officers' society, Oslo Militære Samfund, on 6 March 1939. In this lecture, Øi stated that Norway had inadequate defences and was vulnerable to a foreign attack. This caused a stir in some groups and the social democrat newspaper "Arbeiderbladet" came close to accusing him of treason.
Norway was indeed invaded when Operation Weserübung reached the country on 9 April 1940. Øi was killed on the same day at a road block set up by German forces at Grorud. He had volunteered to go on a mission to Oslo on behalf of the Norwegian general staff after the staff had evacuated from the Norwegian capital.

</doc>
<doc id="19279773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279773" title="Del Casher">
Del Casher

Del Casher (originally Delton Kacher. Born 1938 in Hammond, Indiana) is an American guitarist and inventor. His many creations include the Wah-wah pedal, which significantly influenced the development of rock and roll guitar style. He also devised the Ecco-Fonic, and later the solid state Fender Electronic Echo Chamber. He was the first to introduce the Roland Guitar Synthesizer for the Roland Corporation.
Life and career.
Del is an alumnus of the University of Pittsburgh where he majored in communications. After college, he moved to Hollywood and was invited to perform as the guitar and banjo soloist on the Lawrence Welk TV show. At that time, he also toured with "The Three Suns", RCA recording artists who were well known for their hit song "Twilight Time".
While on tour for their album "The Three Suns in Japan", he introduced his new invention, the "Ecco-Fonic", a tape echo device that was portable and could create echo effects that were previously possible only in the studio using large, expensive tape machines. At that time he became friends with Ikutaro Kakehashi, who was the founder of the Roland Music Corporation of Japan. Later, Mr. Kakehashi, as chairman of Roland, invited Del to Japan to perform and introduce the first Roland guitar synthesizer. He signed on with Japan Victor and Japan's Union Records as a featured artist on more than 16 hit albums.
At that time, he was a much sought after studio guitarist in Hollywood. Paramount Pictures chose him to appear with Elvis Presley in his movie "Roustabout". Elvis liked Del’s guitar playing so much he invited him to join his friends for future engagements. Del then received a contract to appear on Gene Autry’s "Melody Ranch" TV show. During this part of his career, he played with a diverse assortment of musicians, ranging from Eddy Arnold, Connie Francis, and Bobby Vinton to Sonny and Cher and Frank Zappa's Mothers of Invention.
Inventing the Wah-Wah pedal.
In the mid-1960s Thomas Organ Company acquired the Vox amplifier name from Jennings Musical Instruments of the UK. Del was a guitarist and consultant for Vox and often performed with the Vox Amplifonic Big Band in California. The solid state engineering staff at Thomas Organ (headed by Stan Cutler) assigned Brad Plunkett to convert the UK Vox amplifier into the new US Vox solid state amplifier. To save costs, Vox decided to have the Dick Denney Mid-Range Boost Switch redesigned into a variable tone control. As Del worked on the project, he discovered that when he moved the tone control from left to right on the amplifier, it created a "wah" sound similar to a harmonica player cupping his hands around the microphone and harmonica. This was the new sound that Del had been looking for. It enabled him to express a better bluesy feeling on the electric guitar
Del immediately asked the engineering team to have a breadboard with that circuit installed into a Vox organ volume pedal. This enabled him to play his guitar while moving the pedal.
However, with the rich harmonics of the guitar, the sound was too harsh in the "bright" position and too muddy in the "mellow" position. With a little experimenting, Del and the Vox engineering staff were able to create a sound similar to a trumpet "wah" mute.
Vox saw no use for a "wah" sound for the guitar, believing it would be better for the electric trumpet. In 1967, after some negotiating, Vox agreed to have Del compose and release a record using the new Wah-wah pedal.
Film and TV performances with the pedal.
Soon after, Universal Pictures hired him to be the featured artist on three movies using his prototype Wah-wah pedal: "The Ghost and Mr. Chicken", "The Shakiest Gun in the West" and "The Travelling Saleslady." MGM followed suit, hiring Del to play on the Tony Curtis film "Don't Make Waves". In the meantime, Vox was unsuccessful in its efforts to promote the pedal for use on the electric trumpet. 
His playing is also featured on the theme for "NBC Nightly News" and is the longest running TV news theme.
Later activities.
In 1972, he was hired as Music Director for the children’s TV show "The New Zoo Revue". He produced over 200 shows as well as over 200 children’s music, educational and dance albums for Activity Records of New York. His music is heard in public schools that utilize Hap Palmer's educational materials.
He has composed a classical work in three movements: "Americana Suite for Orchestra". He is also the producer of the Japanese anime TV series, in English, "Love Hina", "Tenchi Muyo", and "Sakura Wars".
He recently played a series of small gigs in London and the south of England. He was backed by The "Delstars" of London and members of "The Lotus Pedals".

</doc>
<doc id="19279779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279779" title="Ģirts Dzelde">
Ģirts Dzelde

Ģirts Dzelde (born 16 July 1963, in Riga, Latvia) is a former professional tennis player from Latvia, currently the coach of Latvian Davis Cup team. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 273 in 1991 and a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 108 in 1993. Dzelde did not win any ATP level titles in singles or doubles, but finished runner-up in three ATP doubles events.
Dzelde participated in 17 Davis Cup ties for Latvia from 1993 to 2000, posting a 16–11 record in singles and a 10–6 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="19279784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279784" title="Peter Philips (makeup artist)">
Peter Philips (makeup artist)

Peter Philips is a Belgian makeup artist. He is the global creative director for Chanel Makeup, a position described by "Vogue" magazine as the "most coveted job in cosmetics".
Philips' love of fashion and photography began when he was young. He studied graphic design, then moved to Antwerp's Academie Royale des Beaux-Arts. After being inspired by observing Paris Fashion Week backstage, Philips began working as a makeup artist. He has become known for his use of unusual materials, at times incorporating feathers, pearls, and fabrics into his looks. For Chanel's spring 2014 show, he designed a well-received selection of eye makeup in "bold swipes of color" made from common fingerpaints.
For two years before assuming the post of global creative director at Chanel Makeup in 2008, Philips trained with Dominique Moncourtois and Heidi Morawetz, who jointly headed Chanel Makeup for more than 30 years. As to his plans for Chanel Makeup, Philips told "Vogue" in August 2008, "I just want to do the things I like. I don't have a plan. I would like to shake up the brand a bit but not break it, and offer a nice palette, nice tools for women to use.

</doc>
<doc id="19279791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279791" title="UK Strength Council">
UK Strength Council

The United Kingdom Strength Council was founded by Glenn Ross, the famed strongman and also founder and promotor of the Irish Strength Association. The UKSC, as it is commonly termed, was promoted by Bob Daglish's Elite Strongman Promotions until March 2010.
Beginnings.
Part of the reason for the foundation was that Glenn Ross is a champion of the idea that strongman is about lifting and moving heavy objects. He has been quoted as saying that strongmen should be more akin to strongman of old, "fighting for every step, not running."
Ross's philosophy is represented in the contests the UKSC organise. There is little running with weights or like events, but rather lifting heavier weights as the main test and then struggling forward with them. Ross has said that, in relation to competing with other recognised events, such as Britain's Strongest Man, "when there is competition, it is good for everyone: competition in strongman creates an opportunity for the athletes, the fans and the sponsors to end up with a better product, and the reality is a free-market situation anyway."
"Big, strong men are like bears. As long as you keep feeding them honey, they will stay in their caves and stick with certain organizations, but when the honey pot runs out, they must go into the forest to look for more honey." - Glenn Ross
Bob Daglish's Elite strongman promotions was inextricably associated with the UKSC until it was announced in March 2010 that "In view of recent events and also some personal differences, Elite Strongman Promotions are hereby separating all affiliations with Big G promotions, the UK Strength Council and the UK strongest man competition." Elite Strongman promotions continued to run a version of the England’s strongest man final, whilst a separate competition run by UKSC was also run in 2010.
Competitions.
The UKSC is famed for its blue ribbon event, UK's Strongest Man. There are also a number of regional and national qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="19279798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279798" title="Walkout Creek">
Walkout Creek

Walkout Creek is a creek in northern British Columbia, Canada. It flows west into Raspberry Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19279804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279804" title="Jean Pasquerel">
Jean Pasquerel

Jean Pasquerel (circa 1400 C.E.) was an Austin friar, almoner and confessor of Joan of Arc.

</doc>
<doc id="19279807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279807" title="Metro Bosque de Aragón">
Metro Bosque de Aragón

Bosque de Aragón is a subway station in Gustavo A. Madero borough, in México City Mexico. The station was opened on 15 December 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19279900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279900" title="Hotel Habana Riviera">
Hotel Habana Riviera

The Hotel Habana Riviera, also known as the Gran Caribe Habana Riviera, Hotel Riviera Havana or Havana Rivera, is located at the mouth of the Almendares River on the Malecón waterfront boulevard in Havana, Cuba. The hotel, which is managed by the Cuban chain Gran Caribe, was built in 1957 and still maintains its original 1950's style. It has twenty-one floors containing 352 rooms all of which feature excellent views of the water and the Vedado neighborhood.
History.
The hotel was originally owned by mobster Meyer Lansky who had been inspired to build it after visiting his friend, Moe Dalitz's nine-storey Riviera Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. It was intended to rival the comfort and contemporary luxury of any Vegas hotel of the era. The choice to build in Havana was because Lansky simply did not want to be subject to U.S. laws or the scrutiny of the FBI. The hotel was officially operated by the "Riviera de Cuba S.A. company", established in 1956. The original incorporation papers also listed the names of certain "Miami hotel operators", a Canadian textile company and several others. It was built at a cost of US $8 million, most of which was provided by the Bank for Economic and Social Development (BANDES), a state-run development bank set up by then President, Fulgencio Batista.
Lansky's investment partners included some of Las Vegas's biggest power brokers. Besides Dalitz were his old friends Morris Kleinman, Sam Tucker, Wilbur Clark of the Desert Inn (and Lansky's Hotel Nacional casino); Ed Levinson of the Fremont Hotel; Charles "Babe" Baron looking after Sam Giancana's interests and Hyman Abrams and Morris Rosen of the Flamingo Las Vegas (of Bugsy Siegel fame). As with all of Lansky’s dealings, he and his underworld associates’ ownership of the Riviera was hidden behind layers of managers and front men.
Design.
In selecting an architect for the Riviera, Lansky initially approached Wayne McAllister, who was the prolific Los Angeles–based designer of Las Vegas's stylish Desert Inn, Fremont, and Sands hotels—all properties controlled by Lansky’s associates in the "Cleveland Gang". But Lansky's insistence that the hotel be completed in less than six months led McAllister to respectfully decline the offer. Instead, Igor Boris Polevitzky, one of the deans of Miami Modern architecture, took the job with Irving Feldman, who had a dozen prestigious hotels and apartment blocks to his credit in Miami Beach, serving as the project's general contractor. Original blueprints of the hotel were made in Miami by the Feldman Construction Corporation, as well as by the Cuban-based architect, Manuel Carrera Machado.
Lansky then hired Albert B. Parvin of the Parvin-Dohrmann Co. in Los Angeles to design the hotel's original decor. Parvin was an interior decorator whose only previous chief claim to fame in decorating was having laid carpets in many of the big hotels in Vegas. His main occupation was operating the Flamingo, a post he held between 1955 and 1960; nine years after Lansky himself agreed to Lucky Luciano's demands that a hit be put out on the casino's would-be original operator, Bugsy Siegal at the infamous Havana Conference. Lansky also hired two of Cuba’s great artists, muralist Rolando Lopez Dirube and sculptor Florencio Gelabert, who designed the white marble sculptures of an intertwined mermaid and swordfish that fronts the entrance porte cochere, and "Ritmo Cubano" (Cuban Rhythm), a large lobby sculpture that depicts twirling male and female dancers rendered in bronze. Between them, the three men deftly captured the marine outdoor atmosphere.
Work began on the site of a former sports arena in December 1956 in the midst of the revolutionary upheaval. Not since the Nacional was constructed was there such resort excitement in Cuba. Already envisioned as "The Riviera of the Caribbean", it was considered the epitome of resort-construction, and certainly was one of the more costly hotels in Cuba. It was also the first of its kind in Havana to have air-conditioned rooms. Each room had a view of the Gulf of Mexico, with the hotel itself within sight of not only busy Havana but also the quiet splendor of the residential Miramar and Country Club sections where, at the beginning of the 20th century, Cuban magnates and 
American businessmen built their opulent homes.
The spacious feeling of capturing the outdoors and framing it in the luxurious interiors characterized the entire hotel. The vast color-accented lobby was conceived and designed as an open promenade. From the promenade, bridges over sunken gardens lead to the L’Elegante cocktail lounge and the L'Aiglon dining room. Extensive and practical use was made of tropical trees and plants, thus enhancing the outdoor aura. The Al Fresco dining terrace fused into the pool, cabana club, and adjacent gardens. Particularly striking was the casino's elliptical shape. Its perfect half-dome was like a great inverted golden goblet.
The casino's exterior Malecón-Blue tile roof rivaled the fair Havana sky. From an unusual suspended ceiling once hung seven out-size specially designed crystal fixtures. The gold leaf walls were embellished with large-scale designs reminiscent of Mayan jewelry. The rich color accents of the entire hotel were carried into the hotel's elaborately designed nightclub, the Copa Cabaret Room. The stage, of full theatre proportions, was considered an electronic marvel equipped for any maneuver deemed necessary in the production of the spectacular and what used to be known as the "Extravaganza". Lansky arranged for the top orchestras to play in its famous cabaret, where movie stars mingled with the mob.
In the main dining room known as L'Aiglon, the murals contributed a tropical note by telling the story of the Cubans at carnival time. The main cocktail lounge, L'Elegante, was a strong center of interest because of its intimate quality. There was a dance floor which had continual Latin music and casual entertainment. Behind suits and sports attire were the "formal dress" for the Al Fresco sidewalk café terrace, which overlooked the pool and cabana club. And the Primavera coffee shop had a leisurely, yet colorful informality that is consistent with the fun-loving aspects of the entire hotel. The Riviera also once boasted its own elaborate bakery in which breads and pastries were prepared with a flair to delight the most discriminating palates.
As for the cabana club and pool area, the seawater pool where Esther Williams once splashed, was the largest in Havana, surrounded by 75 cabanas, each of which had two dressing rooms and telephones (Lansky would reserve the largest for himself). Outdoor dining and dancing terraces were also key features. Among a host of other conveniences for the vacationer were private dining and meeting rooms. All corner suites had wide balconies overlooking the Malecón shoreline drive. Other luxuries included a buffet restaurant, an à la carte restaurant, a grill bar, a 24 hour snack bar, room service, medical services, a money exchange, a souvenir shop, a tour desk and of course a casino.
After the hotel was finished, Lansky installed himself in the Presidential Suite on the top floor as his command post, appointing Harry Smith, a prominent hotelman from Toronto as president of the hotel and T. James Ennis, who was well known in Cuba hotel circles, as the managing director. Lansky's official title was "kitchen director," but he controlled every aspect of the hotel, especially the casino which was operated by Frank Erickson, Giordino Cellini, Ed Levenson and Dusty Peters. He had initially appointed Dino Cellini from Ohio to run the casino but replaced him with Erickson who was serving as Frank Costello’s representative in Cuba. Since Cubans had never been trained for gambling operations on such a large scale, pit bosses, dealers and stickmen were brought from the States as "technicians" and in that category were allowed to stay on two-year visas. These men, veterans of the working class of illicit U.S. gambling, eventually turned into tutors for the Cubans. The casino would make over $3 million in its first four months of operation.
Opening & famous guests.
When the Riviera opened on December 10, 1957, it was the largest purpose-built casino-hotel in Cuba or anywhere in the world at that time outside Las Vegas (the Havana Hilton surpassed its size a year later). The opening act that night at the Copa Cabaret was Ginger Rogers and her music revue directed by Jack Cole. Lansky complained that Rogers could "wiggle her ass, but she can't sing a goddam note!" Within days the hotel became a symbol in Havana, attracting such acts as Abbott and Costello and Steve Allen who taped an episode of his prime time Sunday night show, The Steve Allen Show from the hotel featuring Mamie Van Doren swimming in the pool. Other celebrated guests included William Holden, diva Jean Fenn, Nat King Cole and Ava Gardner who was rumored to have dragged a bellhop into her bed.
The Revolution.
Unfortunately for Lansky seeds of the revolution had already sprouted a stronger, more determined movement that would not allow the future of the Cuban nation to remain in the hands of gangsters and corrupt politicians.
On January 1, 1959, after formally resigning his position in Cuba's government and going through what historian Hugh Thomas describes as "a charade of handing over power" to his representatives, remaining family and closest associates, President Batista boarded a plane at 3 a.m. at Camp Colombia and flew to Ciudad Trujillo in the Dominican Republic. In a pirate radio broadcast from the mountains, Castro stated that he preferred executing gangsters to deporting them. Now his bearded battalions were less than 500 miles away from Havana. By now suffering from ill health, Lansky charted a plane that same New Year's eve headed for the Bahamas. With him went his dream of being at the center of Cuba's gambling operations.
On January 22, 1959, Fidel Castro held a press conference at the Copa Cabaret inside the hotel where he gave his response to the world with regards to the Cuban Revolution. In October of the following year he nationalized all the island's hotel-casinos and outlawed gambling.
Today.
The hotel still maintains the famous "Palacio de la Salsa Club" where Cuba's top salsa bands regularly perform. The "Mirador de la Habana" restaurant features excellent local and international cuisine. Other attractive features include a nightclub, an outdoor swimming pool, a business centre, car rental desk, conference halls & rooms, a Casa del Habano cigar store and humidor, a beauty salon, boutiques, free Internet on all PC's and free parking.

</doc>
<doc id="19279909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279909" title="Robert Wingate">
Robert Wingate

Robert Wingate (1832-1900) was a British civil engineer who built railways in Canada, Russia, Hungary and Uruguay. 
Wingate learned his trade under Alexander Ross on the Chester and Holyhead Railway and while working on the engineering staff of the Metropolitan Commission of Sewers. 
From 1853 he was engaged by Peto & Betts, initially designing the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada. In 1863 he moved to Russia (now Latvia) to work on the Dunaburg & Witepsk Railway (modern day Daugavpils). He then went on to work on the East Hungarian railway, followed, in 1871, by the Central Uruguay Railway. He stayed on in Uruguay in charge of maintenance and extension works. 
From 1877 he was a member of the Institute of Civil Engineers. He returned to UK in 1899, and died on 18 June 1900, aged 67, at the Uruguay Railway office in Finsbury Circus, London. 
He is buried in West Norwood Cemetery.
References.
Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers

</doc>
<doc id="19279917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279917" title="Chet (Chet Atkins album)">
Chet (Chet Atkins album)

Chet is a studio album by American guitarist Chet Atkins, released in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19279924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279924" title="Triangle Dome">
Triangle Dome

Triangle Dome is a trachytic lava dome in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have formed in the Pleistocene period.

</doc>
<doc id="19279952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279952" title="Margrete Aamot Øverland">
Margrete Aamot Øverland

Margrete Aamot Øverland (11 February 1913 - 1978) was a Norwegian resistance member during the Second World War, and later editor of the Riksmål newspaper Frisprog. 
A journalist in the social democrat newspaper "Den 1ste Mai", she met her future husband Arnulf Øverland for the first time in 1934. He was one of Norway's most prominent writers and essayists. The couple moved-in together in the summer of 1940, shortly after the German invasion of Norway (Operation Weserübung).
Based in their Oslo home, they distributed Øverland's anti-fascist poetry, which was deemed illegal by the occupiers. Both were arrested in June 1941. Aamot was sent to Grini concentration camp and later Ravensbrück. However, both survived. In 1946 they moved in at Grotten. Arnulf died in 1968, Margrete in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19279953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279953" title="USS Tipton (AK-215)">
USS Tipton (AK-215)

USS "Tipton" (AK-215) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was commissioned; however, the war ended and she was declared "excess to needs." She was then transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard in 1946.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
"Tipton" (AKA-215) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission Contract (MC hull 2169) on 28 December 1944 at Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, by the Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co.; launched on 13 March 1945; sponsored by Mrs. W. F. Maister; transferred to the Navy Department on 7 September 1945; and commissioned on 9 October 1945, Lt. Comdr. H. E. Gray, USCGR, in command.
World War II-related service.
Upon commissioning, the cargo ship was transferred to the custody of the U.S. Coast Guard for maintenance and operation and was manned by a Coast Guard crew.
Post-war inactivation.
"Tipton" was decommissioned and permanently transferred to the Coast Guard on 4 March 1946. She was struck from the Navy list on 20 March 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19279982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279982" title="Tennis in Australia">
Tennis in Australia

Tennis in Australia refers to the sport of tennis played in Australia. Tennis in Australia has been administered by Tennis Australia (formerly the "Lawn Tennis Association of Australia" (LTAA)) since 1904.
Australia hosts the first of the four Grand Slam events of the year, the Australian Open.
The Australian Open is managed by Tennis Australia and was first played in Melbourne in 1905. The tournament was first known as the Australasian Championships and then became the Australian Championships in 1927 and the Australian Open in 1969.
History.
In the 1950s, Australia became a tennis power, and Australian men won the Davis Cup 15 times from 1950 to 1967, led by outstanding players such as Frank Sedgman, Ken Rosewall, Lew Hoad, Roy Emerson, and Ashley Cooper.
Rod Laver has twice achieved the Grand Slam in men's singles, in 1963 and 1969, the only tennis player to have accomplished this feat. Fellow Australian tennis player Margaret Smith Court also achieved the Grand Slam in women's singles in 1969, Smith Court also holds the record for the greatest number of women's singles Grand Slams won and is one of only three players ever to have won a career Grand Slam "boxed set".

</doc>
<doc id="19279983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279983" title="Gendərə">
Gendərə

Gendərə or Gëndere may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19279988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279988" title="Treaty of Montevideo (1828)">
Treaty of Montevideo (1828)

In the Treaty of Montevideo, signed on 27 August 1828, after British mediation, Brazil and Argentina recognized the independence of Uruguay.
Called the Preliminary Peace Convention as a result of the meetings held by representatives from the Empire of Brazil and the United Provinces of Río de la Plata — another name for Argentina — between 11 and 27 August 1828 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. This convention, or treaty, accorded independence to Uruguay in respect to Brazil and Argentina. Uruguay's independence would be definitively sealed on 4 October of the same year when, in Montevideo, the signing nations ratified the treaty.
Purpose.
The stalemate in the Cisplatine War, caused by the destruction of the Argentine fleet, the inability of the Argentine land forces to capture any major cities, the severe economic consequences imposed by the Brazilian blockade of Buenos Aires and the temporary lack of manpower for a full-scale Brazilian land offensive against Argentine forces, allied to increasing public pressure in Brazil to end the war motivated the interest on a peaceful solution for both sides.
In this context, on 20 February 1828, Brazil and Argentina decided to open peace talks with mediation by Great Britain, who also had interest in a peaceful resolution of the war, due to the fact that its trade interests in the Plata region were being severely harmed by the blockade of Buenos Aires.
After being chosen mediator for the peace talks, Lord John Ponsonby was sent from London and was quickly faced with the Argentine unwillingness to allow Brazil to retain its sovereignty over Uruguay and the Brazilian demands to keep its sovereignty over the Missões Orientales, to free navigation in the Plata River and the refusal to allow Argentina to annex any area of the Cisplatine Province.
Considering this scenario, Posonby proposed the independence of Uruguay towards both Brazil and Argentina as a means of reestablishing peace on La Plata, and conceded to the Brazilian demands to its sovereignty over the Missões Orientales and the right to freely navigate in the Plata River.
Although faced with initial Argentine opposition, the diplomat managed to convince Argentina that it was no longer viable to spend money on a war for the Eastern Province and managed to strike a deal on August 27, 1828.
British Interests.
The British Empire's true interests are made clear in a letter that Lord Ponsonby sent to London:
The interests and the security of British commerce will be greatly promoted in a state in which the governors cultivate a friendship with England. The Eastern Strip contains the key to La Plata and to South America; we must perpetuate a geographical division of states that benefits England. For a long time the easterners will not have a port and will not have the opportunity to impede English trade.
From that scopus, the British believed that Uruguayan independence would consolidate English commerce and contain both Brazil and Argentina.
Form of Declaration of Independence.
The first and second articles of the treaty declare the independence of the Eastern Province from the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil, and Algarve or its immediate successor, the Empire of Brazil, and from the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata. This formula of compromise involved a sizable error and a profound historical injustice in making it appear that oriental independence was a great concession by the powers. In reality, eastern independence was a long process that was born in colonial Montevideo, took on a provincial character under the inspiration of José Gervasio Artigas, and culminated with the development of the "Liberty Crusade" in 1825. That is to say that liberty was given to the people of the East without their consent and in contradiction to that which was declared on 25 August 1825 in the Law of Union.
Character of Independence: Definitive or Temporary.
The tenth article of the convention established that if five years after the approval of the constitution the interior tranquility and security was perturbed by a civil war, they (the signers) would give the legal government the necessary assistance to maintain and sustain itself. After that time all protection would cease and the province would be considered to be in a state of perfect and absolute independence. The right to intervene in assistance of the "legal government" was established by the contracting parties without need of express request on the part of the new state.
Control of the Constitution.
The seventh article establishes that the Representatives will be occupied with forming the political constitution of the province and before being judged (approved), the constitution would be examined by commissioners of the contracting governments for the sole purpose of seeing if it contained any articles in opposition to the security of their respective states.
Free Navigation.
One additional article guaranteed to the two nations (Argentina and Brazil) free navigation of the Río de la Plata and of all others that feed into it, for the period of fifteen years.
Other Grave Defects.
The defects contained in the Preliminary Peace Convention would compromise the future of the new state: it did not fix the territorial limits and its submitted the constitution to the contracting governments' examination.
But some of the more dramatic consequences of this treaty were immediately suffered by Argentina. In effect, the Preliminary Peace Convention was signed by Manuel José García, an ambassador sent by Bernardino Rivadavia to Río de Janeiro at the beginning of 1828, in which moment the situation was as follows: The Brazilian troops had been defeated by the Argentines (the eastern troops voluntarily integrated with the First National Argentine Army) in almost every encounter. As a result, the entire Eastern Strip "(Banda Oriental)" and the Eastern Missions "(Misiones Orientales)" were liberated. However, British pressure on Argentina was intense (warships from the United Kingdom were capturing as "pirates" Argentine ships) and the Argentine treasury seemed exhausted. In this way, unexpectedly for the Argentine combatants —and for the entire Argentine nation— Manuel José García signed a paradoxical treaty: Argentina accepted Brazilian occupation of the Eastern Province (including Martín García Island) and the Eastern Missions. Moreover, Argentina compromised to pay indemnities to Brazil. The knowledge of such a capitulation made the Argentine people rebel and consequently Bernardino Rivadavia abandoned the government, and the National government was dissolved. Buenos Aires Province Governor Manuel Dorrego then resumed negotiations: the intent was to annul the convention with Brazil in its entirety, but Ponsonby's pressure was absolute —as noted— and independence was declared on behalf of the East Province (the rest remaining in Brazil's power) with the name Eastern State of Uruguay.
The Argentine military chiefs forcibly divided between themselves. Those born in the Eastern Strip came to be the first Uruguayan military chiefs, who rapidly entered into bloody conflict: Juan Antonio Lavalleja against Fructuoso Rivera, or Manuel Oribe against F. Rivera. A great many of the military chiefs who remained Argentine and who had directly fought the Brazilians, quickly and erroneously considered that the responsibility for the ignominious surrender lay with Manuel Dorrego. Consequently, in 1829 Juan Lavalle, returned to Buenos Aires with the troops that had participated in the war, overthrew and executed Dorrego in Navarro, Buenos Aires Province. This act signified the resumption of a bloody fratricidal war that involved all of Argentina (Unitarians against Federalists) as well as the Uruguayan Civil War ("Guerra Grande") in the new state of Uruguay, involving Colorados against Blancos.
Historiography.
Uruguayan historians have two main visions about the treaty and the birth of Uruguay as an independent nation. The first group considers that an idea of Uruguayan nationhood existed before the treaty, and cites the rivalry of Montevideo with Buenos Aires, the weak links that united the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, and the strong rejection of José Gervasio Artigas of the centralism of Buenos Aires. This vision is held by Francisco Bauzá, Juan Zorrilla de San Martín, Pablo Blanco Acevedo, Mario Falcao Espalter and Juan Pivel Devoto. The second group considers instead that the Uruguayans still wanted to be part of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, pointing that Artigas was against centralism but never held actual separatist ideas. They attribute the Uruguayan independence to foreign factors, mainly the British influence. This vision is held by Eduardo Acevedo Vásquez, Ariosto González, Eugenio Petit Muñoz, Washington Reyes Abadie, Alberto Methol Ferré and Oscar Bruschera.

</doc>
<doc id="19279991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279991" title="Lepidolutzia">
Lepidolutzia

Lepidolutzia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19279994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19279994" title="Lepidoneiva">
Lepidoneiva

Lepidoneiva is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lepidoneiva erubescens, which is found in Brazil (São Paulo).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280006" title="Lilleaker (station)">
Lilleaker (station)

Lilleaker is a light rail station on the Oslo Tramway.
Located at Lilleaker in Ullern, it was the terminus of the Lilleaker Line when it was opened in 1919 by Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei as an extension of the Skøyen Line ("Øraker" was the original name). In 1924 the Lilleaker Line was extended twice into Bærum, first to Bekkestua and then to Avløs.
In February 2009, the part of the line west of Lilleaker was closed due to upgrades on the Kolsås Line.
During the high-frequency (10 minute) schedule, Skøyen–Lilleaker was served by a shuttle with a transfer at Skøyen. During the low-frequency (20 minute) schedule, SL95 trams operate the entire line 13 without any transfers needed. 
When a balloon loop was constructed at Lilleaker also the bi-directional trams could turn there.
From the 1. of December 2010, the line 13 don't have its terminus at Lilleaker´.
After extensive work with the Metro/Tram tracks at Jar the Lilleaker Line terminates at Jar together with metro line 6.
At peak hours every second tram is a SL79 and turns at Lilleaker.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19280009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280009" title="Oslo Tramway Museum">
Oslo Tramway Museum

Oslo Tramway Museum ( is a railway museum located at Majorstuen in Oslo, Norway. It is dedicated to the preservation of the Oslo Tramway, Oslo T-bane, Oslo trolleybus and buses used in Oslo. The museum is run by the non-profit organization Lokaltrafikkhistorisk Forening (LTF) with 450 members. The museum also operates a heritage tramway in Vinterbro outside Oslo.
LTF was founded in 1966, six years after the city council had decided to close down the tramway and trolleybus. This followed the closing of the Bergen Tramway, where only a single tram had been kept. As of 2004, the museum hd 56 rail vehicles, 31 buses and seven other vehicles. This included four trolleybuses.
Majorstuen.
The tramway museum at Majorstuen is located in Depot 5. Since 1994, the museum has been connected to the tramway at Majorstuen Station. This consists of a hall with 25 trams, 10 buses and other vehicles on display, as well as offices for the organization and a store. There is also heritage runs with old tram stock on the Oslo Tramway.
Vinterbro.
At Vinterbro, located just west of the amusement park Tusenfryd, the museum has built a heritage tramway. Construction has been under way since the 1970s. It includes Slemdal Station and a Narvesen kiosk. In late 2008 the overhead wires were stolen, so that Vinterbro has been closed for public since then.
External links.
Official site

</doc>
<doc id="19280010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280010" title="Ullevål Hageby Line">
Ullevål Hageby Line

The Ullevål Hageby Line () is a light rail section of the Oslo Tramway. It runs from Stortorvet in the city center of Oslo, Norway to Rikshospitalet. It passes through the areas of St. Hanshaugen, Ullevål Hageby and Blindern before reaching Gaustad. It serves major institutions such as Oslo University College, Bislett Stadion, Ullevål University Hospital, the University of Oslo and Rikshospitalet. The line is served by route 17 and 18 by Oslo Sporvognsdrift using SL95 trams, while the tracks are owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon.
The first section, from Stortorvet from Homansbyen, opened in 1875 as a horsecar line. It was electrified in 1900, and extended to Adamstuen in 1909. In 1925, the line reached Ullevål Hageby. The final extension to Rikshospitalet was opened in 1999, following the move of the hospital. The last section is formally called the Gaustad Line ("Gaustadlinjen"). North of Adamstuen, the line runs in its own right-of-way, mostly in the center of streets; southwards, it is a street tramway. Transfers to the Oslo T-bane are possible at Forskningsparken and Tinghuset/Professor Aschehougs gate.
History.
The first section of the Ullevål Hageby Line, from Stortorvet to Homansbyen, was built by Kristiania Sporveisselskab and opened on 6 October 1875 as a horsecar line. A depot was built at Homansbyen. The line was part of the first system in the city, and connected to the Gamleby Line on the other side of Stortorvet. Until 19 October there were also some direct services to the Western Railway Station (Vestbanen). The first services had fifteen minute headway—increasing to ten minutes from 22 June 1876. There were also some trials of using sleds during winter.
The line was electrified on 15 January 1900. On 24 September 1909, it was extended from Homansbyen to Adamstuen. In 1924, the line, along with the rest of the street tram network, was taken over by the municipal Oslo Sporveier. On 1 August 1925, the line was extended to Ullevål Hageby (later renamed John Colletts plass).
Rikshospitalet extension.
In 1988, the Norwegian Parliament decided to start the process of moving Rikshospitalet, the National Hospital, from Pilestredet to Gaustad. Following the completion of the architectural plans in 1991, the city planner launched the concept for transport to the new hospital. 50% of the transport was to be by public transport, up from the contemporary 35%, and would require an extension of the Ullevål Hageby Line to the hospital. Specific plans for the extension were launched in April 1992, and were estimated to cost .
The regulation plan for the hospital, and the go-ahead for the construction of the line, was passed by the city council on 4 May 1994. In April 1996, a disagreement between the municipality and the Ministry of Transport arose concerning who should be paying for the extension. The state had at the time formally suggested that the bill be split 50–50 between the two, whereas the municipality claimed that the state had promised to pay for the full extension. In June, the Conservative Party, Labour Party and Progress Party in the city council all voted against municipal grants for the line. The politicians signalled that they instead wanted to look at possibilities of serving the hospital with rapid transit and bus. Also the university was opposed to the plans, since the line would split the university campus up, would require trees along an avenue to be removed and would force parking places to be moved. The city council voted against building the line on 24 September 1997, with the majority arguing that the hospital could be served by the nearby Gaustad Station on the Holmenkoll Line and by buses. Three opposition parties, the Labour Party, Socialist Left Party and Red Electoral Alliance, voted in favor of the tram line.
On 6 February 1998, an agreement was made between the ministry and the city, where the city would fund NOK 31 of 111 million of the investment needed. However, the city would have to pay all budget overrides. In 1996, the work with Oslo Package 2 started. A follow-up on the existing road investment plan Oslo Package 1, it would allow toll fees to be used to finance public transport infrastructure in Oslo. While the line was not initially part of the package, it served as a prelude in combining state and municipal grants to public transport investments. The agreement was approved by parliament on 26 May 1998.
The extension was ready for trial runs on 25 May 1999, when a new SL95 tram made a tested. Only the newest tram series can operate on the line, since all the older tram types were only unidirectional. Normal operations started on 1 June. After one month, ridership had increased with 20%, and 99% of services were less than three minutes delayed. The expansion had four new stations: Universitetet Blindern, Forskningsparken, Gaustadalléen and Rikshospitalet. The entire section is built as a light rail, with step-free access to the trams, and the trams having their own corridors in the middle of the road. The last station on the old section, John Colletts plass, had to be moved, though the balloon loop has been kept. On 22 August, the T-bane station Vestgrensa was closed, and replaced by one at Forskningsparken. This allows direct transfer from the Sognsvann Line (and since 2003 the Ring Line) of the T-bane to the Ullevål Hageby Line.
An original intent was to let the line continue from Rikshospitalet, connect with the Holmenkoll Line at Gaustad, follow its tracks southwards before branching off near Frøen and ending at Majorstuen. Here, at the terminus of the Frogner and Briskeby Lines, a reconnection with the tramway system was provided. No part of this plan materialized.
The line was the crime scene of a murder on 3 August 2004, when a mentally deranged man went on a stabbing spree on board a tram at Bislett, injuring five and killing one.
Service.
The Ullevål Hageby Line is served by both line 17 and 18 of the Oslo Tramway. They both operate the full length of the line between Rikshospitalet and Stortorvet. Line 17 continues along the Sinsen Line to Grefsen, while line 18 continues along the Gamleby- and Ekeberg Line to Ljabru. Because there is no turning loop, only SL95 low-floor trams are used. Each line operates on a ten-minute headway during the day, and a twenty-minute headway in the evening and in the weekends. During the peak hours, the line therefore is served each five minutes. The service is provided by Oslo Sporvognsdrift, on contract with Ruter. The trams and tracks are owned by the municipal company Kollektivtransportproduksjon.
Transfers to lines 3, 4 and 5 of the T-bane are possible at Forskningsparken, while all T-bane lines can be reached at Tinghuset/Professor Aschehougs plass. Line 11 of the tramway can be transferred to at Welhavens gate and Høyskolesenteret. All other trams lines can be transferred to at Stortorvet. Line 18 also continues along the Gamleby Line to Jernbanetorget, and line 17 to Kirkeristen, where transfer is possible to the T-bane, and the national rail network at Oslo Central Station.
From downtown, the line runs in a generally northern direction, gradually turning northwestwards, moving along Thereses gate and Sognsveien to John Colletts plass, then through Niels Henrik Abels vei, on the north side of the University of Oslo campus, before ending at Rikshospitalet. The leg between John Colletts plass and Rikshospitalet is formally called the Gaustad Line (). The first part of the line, from Stortorvet to Welhavens gate, serves the city center. Welhavens gate (east-bound trams) and Høyskolesenteret (west-bound trams) serves the main campus of Oslo University College. Bislett is located just outside the multi-purpose sports venue Bislett Stadion. Ullevål sykehus serves Ullevål University Hospital, while both Universitet Blindern and Forskningsparken serve the main campus of the University of Oslo at Blindern. Rikshospitalet serves the hospital it takes its name from.

</doc>
<doc id="19280021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280021" title="Lepidozikania">
Lepidozikania

Lepidozikania is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280024" title="Lepista (moth)">
Lepista (moth)

Lepista is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280026" title="Leptarctia">
Leptarctia

Leptarctia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae from North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19280030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280030" title="Goodbye Emmanuelle">
Goodbye Emmanuelle

Goodbye Emmanuelle is a 1977 French softcore erotica movie directed by François Leterrier, and starring Sylvia Kristel. The music score is by Serge Gainsbourg. In this sequel, Emmanuelle and Jean move to the Seychelles, where she leaves him.
Production.
"Goodbye Emmanuelle" was intended as the last of a trilogy that included "Emmanuelle" (1974) and "Emmanuelle 2" (1975). It was shot on the Seychellois island of La Digue.
Release.
The film was originally released in France in 1977 through Parafrance and Warner-Columbia Film. In the early 1980s, it became the first movie to be released through Miramax Films, a U.S. independent distributor. The company's founders, Bob and Harvey Weinstein, acquired the rights from producer Yves Rousset-Rouard at the Cannes Film Festival. Several years later, the film became a late-night offering on the Cinemax and Showtime cable channels.
Reception.
In his "New York Times" review, John Corry observed that "The scenery "Goodbye Emmanuelle" wins every time", but was less favourable about what he deemed "wearisome" sex scenes. He reflected on both aspects at the end of his critique: "The question in the movie is whether Francois Leterrier, its director, was so absorbed in the lovemaking that he just allowed the scenery to creep in, or whether he put it in on purpose. Maybe it doesn't matter."

</doc>
<doc id="19280033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280033" title="Leptoceryx">
Leptoceryx

Leptoceryx is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280041" title="Rudolf de la Vigne">
Rudolf de la Vigne

Rudolf de la Vigne (23 December 1920, Česká Lípa – January 2004) was a German footballer. He holds the record for having made the most appearances for VfR Mannheim in the Oberliga Süd, with whom he won the German championship in 1949.
War and imprisonment.
De la Vigne, whose family name comes from his Huguenotic heritage, grew up in the Sudetenland and spent his youth years playing for "Deutschen Sportverein Böhmisch-Leipa", a club which, at that time, was based in nearby Nový Bor (which was annexed from Czechoslovakia in September 1938 as part of the Munich Agreement). He agreed to sign for Warnsdorfer FK, champions of the newly created Gauliga Sudetenland who had already qualified for the final round of the German Championship, for the 1938–39 season, but he could not prevent the club from losing their four preliminary group matches against Dresdner SC and Schweinfurt 05.
Following the outbreak of war in 1938, aged 18 or 19, de la Vigne was called up to the Wehrmacht and joined the Fallschirmjäger, however was captured in May 1940 and held captive in Rotterdam until the end of the . He was then moved to Canada, where he was held as a Prisoner of War in the British-controlled "Camp 133" internment camp. There he met a group of Mannheim footballers; Henninger, Jöckel, Langlotz, Müller and Senck, who were all captured fighting in North Africa. Here he gained the nickname "Bella," which would stay with him throughout his career. In February 1946, after six years in Camp 133, de la Vigne was released in the north of Germany, at the Münster detention camp "Truppenübungsplatz Münster", which was under British control. A return to the Czech Sudetenland was, for a German, undesirable, given the intense animosity as a result of the annexation of Czechoslovakia, and for de la Vigne was neither personally attractive as his family no longer lived there. This led de la Vigne to move north to Mannheim, of which over 80% had been destroyed during the War, where he was reunited with those footballers he was imprisoned with in Canada. As he joined VfR Mannheim, the team gained the nickname "The Canadians."
Return to football.
VfR Mannheim competed in the Oberliga Süd from the 1945–46 season until the formation of the Bundesliga in 1962 (See History of German football#The Formation of the Bundesliga), and de la Vigne was one of the few players to make his professional debut at the highest level aged 26. He played his first game on 1 June 1947, in the 33rd match of the season – a derby match against local rivals SV Waldhof Mannheim – but could not prevent the team losing 3–0. He did not wait long for his first victory, however, which came 14 days later in another derby – this time a 3–1 win against VfL Neckarau.
On paper, de la Vigne was a Striker, but he operated more as a playmaker than a target man and was known for having good technique, and his playing style was described as having an "aesthetic" quality. Until 1948, Mannheim did not perform outstandingly in their league – they finished in 14th 12th and 8th place in the years prior – but in de la Vigne's first full season with the club, 1978–79, he finished fifth in the goalscorers rankings, with 21 goals. 

</doc>
<doc id="19280048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280048" title="Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw">
Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw

Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw () is a public university of visual and applied arts located in the Polish capital. The Academy traces its history back to the Department of Arts founded at the Warsaw University in 1812. As a separate institution it was founded in 1844 during the Partitions of Poland. In an upgrade in 1904 it was named the Warsaw School of Fine Arts; and in 1932 it received recognition as an Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19280049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280049" title="Qaraqaya">
Qaraqaya

Qaraqaya or Qaragaya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280055" title="Alexandru Vlahuță">
Alexandru Vlahuță

Alexandru Vlahuţă (; September 5, 1858 – November 19, 1919) was a Romanian writer. His best known work is "România pitorească", an overview of Romania's landscape in the form of a travelogue. He was also the main editor of "Sămănătorul" magazine, alongside George Coşbuc.
Vlahuţă was born in Pleşeşti, Vaslui County, Romania (currently called Alexandru Vlahuţă) and studied in Bârlad during his early childhood. He took his Baccalaureate in Bucharest and afterwards attended law school for a short amount of time, but withdrew due to financial reasons. He died in Bucharest on November 19, 1919. His former home in Bucharest has been turned into a memorial museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19280058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280058" title="Leptopepla">
Leptopepla

Leptopepla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Leptopepla procridiformis, which is found from Bolivia and eastern Peru.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280061" title="Lepypiranga">
Lepypiranga

Lepypiranga is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280064" title="Lerina (moth)">
Lerina (moth)

Lerina is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lerina incarnata, the Crimson-bodied Lichen Moth, which is found in Mexico and southern Arizona.
The wings are metallic bluish green. The head, thorax and abdomen are thickly clothed with crimson hairs, the thorax with a black dorsal stripe. The palpi, proboscis, antennae and legs are black.

</doc>
<doc id="19280072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280072" title="Bob Ziegelbauer">
Bob Ziegelbauer

Robert F. "Bob" Ziegelbauer is a former independent member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and current County Executive of Manitowoc County, Wisconsin. He represented the 25th Assembly District from his election in 1992 until 2013.
Career.
Born in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, Ziegelbauer graduated from Roncalli High School. He then graduated from the University of Notre Dame and received his masters from Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Ziegelbauer was a business owner. He served as finance director of the city of Manitowoc; he also served on the Manitowoc County Board of Supervisors and the Manitowoc Common Council. Ziegelbauer also taught at Silver Lake College. He was elected County Executive of Manitowoc County in April 2006.
Election.
Ziegelbauer announced on June 21, 2010 that he would run as an Independent for the 2010 election. On November 2, 2010, Ziegelbauer was reelected to the Wisconsin Assembly. After which he stated that he would caucus with the Republicans.

</doc>
<doc id="19280074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280074" title="Akers Avis Groruddalen">
Akers Avis Groruddalen

Akers Avis Groruddalen is a local newspaper serving the Groruddalen boroughs of Oslo, Norway. The newspaper was founded in 1928, when Groruddalen was still located in Aker municipality. 

</doc>
<doc id="19280077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280077" title="2008–09 Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball team">
2008–09 Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball team represented Vanderbilt University in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's college basketball season. The team competed in the East Division of the Southeastern Conference and finished with an overall record of 19–12 (SEC: 8–8). They were led by Kevin Stallings, in his ninth year as head coach, and played their home games at Memorial Gymnasium in Nashville, Tennessee. It was their sixth straight winning season, although they failed to play in a post-season tournament for the first time in five years.
The previous year's 2007–08 team finished 26–8 and ranked 25th in both the AP Poll and the ESPN/USA Today (Coaches) poll.
Entering the season, Vanderbilt was picked by the media attending the SEC's media days in October to finish 4th in the SEC East, behind Tennessee, Florida and Kentucky.
Vanderbilt lost three starters from the previous year's team—2008 SEC-player of the year swingman Shan Foster (20.3 ppg), shooting guard Alex (Red) Gordon (10.8 ppg) and power forward Ross Neltner (8.3 ppg) – and returned two starters—sophomore center A.J. Ogilvy and junior point guard Jermaine Beal. With no seniors and only two juniors (Beal and junior guard George Drake), the Commodores were one of the youngest team's in Division I.
Ogilvy, the Commodores' leading rebounder (6.7 rpg) and second leading scorer (17.0 ppg) the previous season, was selected by the SEC media and SEC coaches to the pre-season all-SEC first team.
Roster.
1 Missed the season after torn ACL against MTSU.
2 Walk-on.
Source: ESPN.com
2008–09 schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| SEC Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19280079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280079" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2006">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2006

These are the "Official Charts Company" UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19280084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280084" title="Leucaloa">
Leucaloa

Leucaloa is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Afrotropics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280099" title="Leucanopsis">
Leucanopsis

Leucanopsis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19280108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280108" title="Leucopleura">
Leucopleura

Leucopleura is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280119" title="Leucorhodia">
Leucorhodia

Leucorhodia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Leucorhodia ragua, which is found in Guatemala.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280125" title="Leucotmemis">
Leucotmemis

Leucotmemis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280133" title="Licnoptera">
Licnoptera

Licnoptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280140" title="Lithoprocris">
Lithoprocris

Lithoproctis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280143" title="Lithosarctia">
Lithosarctia

Lithosarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from West China and Himalayas.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280146" title="Lithosia">
Lithosia

Lithosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280147" title="Terry Van Akkeren">
Terry Van Akkeren

Terry Van Akkeren (born March 10, 1954) is an American politician, engineering technician, and die and tool maker.
Career.
Van Akkeren graduated from Sheboygan North High School and went to Lakeshore Technical College. He worked as an engineering technician and tool and die maker. He also served on the Sheboygan County Board of Supervisors. From 2002 until 2010 Van Akkeren served in the Wisconsin State Assembly, as a Democrat, representing the 26th Assembly District.
Elections.
Van Akkeren unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Sheboygan in 2009. He lost to Alderman Bob Ryan 3,968 votes to 5,891. He ran again in 2012 when a special recall election was called.
On November 2, 2010, Van Akkeren was defeated for election by Mike Endsley.
On February 21, 2012, Van Akkeren defeated Mayor Bob Ryan in the mayoral recall election. On March 5, 2012, Van Akkeren was sworn in as Mayor of Sheboygan. After serving the remaining months of former Mayor Ryan's four-year term, Van Akkeren was lost his reelection bid to Sheboygan County Supervisor Mike Vandersteen by a vote of 4,059 to 3,862.

</doc>
<doc id="19280154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280154" title="Lobilema">
Lobilema

Lobilema is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lobilema conspersa, which is found in Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19280158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280158" title="KUVR">
KUVR

KUVR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280161" title="Lobobasis">
Lobobasis

Lobobasis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lobobasis niveimaculata, which is found from India (Sikkim), Bhutan and Sundaland to Queensland, the Solomon Islands and New Guinea. The habitat consists of lower montane forests, upper montane forests and various types of lowland forests.
Adults are sexually dimorphic. The forewings are mostly purplish red with a yellow apical area.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280168" title="Lomuna">
Lomuna

Lomuna is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lomuna nigripuncta, which is found in Puerto Rico and Colombia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280173" title="Lophocampa">
Lophocampa

Lophocampa is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains 10 subspecies and around 75 species.
Species.
The following are species classified under "Lophocampa".

</doc>
<doc id="19280179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280179" title="Loxomima">
Loxomima

Loxomima is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Loxomima imitans.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280182" title="Loxophlebia">
Loxophlebia

Loxophlebia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280185" title="Loxozona">
Loxozona

Loxozona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280189" title="Jake Mauer">
Jake Mauer

Donald Charles "Jake" Mauer (born December 20, 1978) is a former Minor League Baseball player, and former NCAA Division III baseball standout. He is currently the manager of the Cedar Rapids Kernels. As senior in , he set the University of St. Thomas season record for hits with 83, and is the school's career leader in hits (243), runs (181) & games (187). He was inducted into the St. Thomas Athletic Hall of Fame in .
Playing career.
Mauer was selected by the Minnesota Twins in the 23rd round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft (677 overall), the same draft that his younger brother and current Twins catcher, Joe Mauer, was selected number one overall. In five seasons in the Twins' farm system, Mauer compiled a .256 batting average with 82 runs batted in and no home runs.
Managing career.
After an elbow injury forced Mauer to retire following the season, he accepted a job as a Minor League coach with the Twins, and in , was promoted to manager of the Gulf Coast League Twins. In Mauer's two seasons at the helm, the GCL Twins went 69-42, finishing in second and first, respectively, in the Gulf Coast League's Southern division. On October 21, , he was named manager of the Fort Myers Miracle following Jeff Smith's promotion to the double A New Britain Rock Cats. Mauer's success in the Gulf Coast League did not carry over to the Florida State League, as he led the team to a 64-74 record his first season at the helm, its worst record since finishing 61-74 in . Following the Twins' agreement to add the Cedar Rapids Kernels as the team's Low-A affiliate in November 2012, Mauer was named the team's manager.
Personal life.
The Mauers have a third brother, Billy, who signed with the Twins as an undrafted free agent in , and pitched in the organization for three seasons before chronic shoulder problems forced him to retire from the game. He ended his minor league career with a 3-4 record and 3.66 earned run average in 43 games. Their cousin is NBA referee Ken Mauer.
Jake resides in Shoreview, Minnesota with his wife, Rachel, and daughter, Lauren Joann.

</doc>
<doc id="19280191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280191" title="Lyclene">
Lyclene

Lyclene is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Taxonomy.
The genus is closely allied to "Asura" or "Barsine" and various species are alternatively placed under these genera.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280196" title="Lycomorpha">
Lycomorpha

Lycomorpha is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19280203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280203" title="Lycomorphodes">
Lycomorphodes

Lycomorphodes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19280209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280209" title="Lymantriopsis">
Lymantriopsis

Lymantriopsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lymantriopsis lacteata, which is found in Gabon.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280211" title="Lymire">
Lymire

Lymire is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19280213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280213" title="Strength athletics in the United Kingdom and Ireland">
Strength athletics in the United Kingdom and Ireland

Strength athletics in the United Kingdom and Ireland, has a long history going back many centuries before the televisation of strongman competitions in the 1970s. The ancient heritage of the sport in the United Kingdom and Ireland lies in a number of traditional events, the most famous of which is arguably the traditional Highland Games, which itself is a source of many events now practiced in modern strongman competitions, such as World's Strongest Man and IFSA sponsored events. However, the traditional events still are popularly contested events today. In the more modern phenomena that is the World's Strongest Man and its associated competitions, the United Kingdom and Ireland remain well represented, with regular appearances at world finals, and three men having won the coveted title of World's Strongest Man.
History.
"See also Highland games and Britain's Strongest Man for more details"
The origin of strength athletics in the UK and Ireland lies in the realms of pre-history, but the within the British Isles records many centuries old record more formally the existence of organised events. Formalisation and annual Highland gatherings began around 1820 when Sir Walter Scott encouraged the revival of Highland Culture. By 1848, such was the status of such games that Queen Victoria attended the Braemar Highland Games.
The strongmen of the world of weightlifting and circus acts were also active in the UK and Ireland in the Victorian age. A number of famous names emerged at the turn of the nineteenth century. Thomas Inch, Britain's Strongest Youth at 16, and the first official Britain's Strongest Man was active at this time and is still remembered today for his Grip Strength. and his Challenge Dumbbell, known as the Inch Dumbbell, that "has defied thousands of strong men over the last hundred years...Many a strength athlete tried but failed to break it off the ground.". Other notable names in this genre were Bert Assirati, Launceston Elliot, Edward Aston, and W.A. Pullum. Others emerged in the twentieth century as well. Notably, David Prowse was initially famous in 1964 for his lifting the famed 785 pound Dinnie Stones, the first man to do so since Donald Dinnie himself a century earlier. Prowse later became more famous still for playing Darth Vader in Star Wars.
In the late 1970s, televised strongman competitions began with Britain's Strongest Man (BSM) first being shown in 1979 by the BBC. A new generation emerged, with the events attracting individuals from many disciplines such as field athletics, weightlifting and powerlifting. These competitions fed other international competitions such as Europe's Strongest Man and World's Strongest Man. Household names, such as Geoff Capes, Jamie Reeves and Gary Taylor dominated, with these three in particular going on to win World's Strongest Man titles. The modern era has seen this trend continue with Terry Hollands, Mark Felix and Jimmy Marku being regular faces at World's Strongest Man and its associated Super Series. Featured events in these contests have been tailored to emphasize a more well-rounded athlete, to reflect that viewpoint on strongman as a whole, and in the interests of increased popularity and marketability among the masses. Almost inevitably, more than one interested party has seen the benefits of strength competitions. Alternative organizations have formed in recent years, comprising a new wave of influence in the field, with the United Kingdom Strength Council (UKSC) founded by Britain's Strongest Man multi-year champion Glenn Ross setting up events separate from BSM, as has the IFSA. Ross and his UK Strongest Man competitions hold a philosophical difference in approach with the World's Strongest Man related venues, including more brute strength events similar to traditional strongman and powerlifting, with less emphasis on field athleticism and endurance.
Alongside these current interpretations still exists the traditional, such as the Highland Games. Although exported around the world they remain inextricably linked with the heritage of both Scotland and the British Isles as a whole.
Competitions.
Across the UK and Ireland there are and have been many competitions testing individuals strength, ranging from local to regional to national to pan-British Isles.
National and Regional.
England's Strongest Man.
There have been a number of competitions laying claim to be able to confer this title. The UKSC version, which acts as a qualifier for the UK Strongest Man competition, is generally regarded as the official version. For this reason, the UKSC results since they took over the running of the competition are presented below simply as a continuation of the former year's official event. In 2005, the IFSA introduced their own version of the championships which only lasted for one year. In 2009, with the apparent demise of Britain's Strongest Man, a traditional qualifier for World's Strongest Man, Colin Bryce promoted a competition held at the Doncaster Dome that also acted as a WSM qualifier. The latter saw Terry Hollands, Darren Sadler and Mark Felix compete thus reinforcing its credentials. The UKSC did have every other recognised athlete including BSM 2008 champion Jimmy Marku. There were athletes that competed in both, such as Mark Westaby. Until 2010, Bob Daglish's Elite strongman promotions was inextricably associated with the UKSC and the UKSC version of England's Strongest Man was also the Elite Strongman Promotions event. However, it was announced in March 2010 that "In view of recent events and also some personal differences, Elite Strongman Promotions are hereby separating all affiliations with Big G promotions, the UK Strength Council and the UK strongest man competition." Elite Strongman promotions continued to run a version of the England’s strongest man final, whilst a separate competition run by UKSC was also run in 2010.
Wales' Strongest Man.
2013 saw the first ever televised event for Wales' Strongest Man taken place at Haven Prestahaven Sands in Prestatyn North Wales as detailed here . Unlike other Wales' Strongest Man events promoter Richard Foster from STROM and sponsors First Protein, Ultimate Strongman Glenn Ross creator of UK's Strongest Man, British Strongman a forum run for the strongman community, worked together top bring Wales' Strongest Man into the public eye. Supported by the VXG Strongman Team with Ricky Perkins refereeing the event alongside Les Wiltshire representing Superior Strongman. This years prizes included USN Supplements, Landrover Driving experience and off course recognition for SImon Johnston in retaining the title for a second year along with the top 3 finishers awarded a place at the UK's Strongest Man Masters tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19280215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280215" title="Lysceia">
Lysceia

Lysceia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lysceia biguttata, which is found in South Africa.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280240" title="Incredible Internet">
Incredible Internet

Incredible Internet is an online safety resource for parents, children and educators. The program was founded in 2004 by Denver-based communications and entertainment provider Qwest Communications. In 2005, the program expanded through a partnership with the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.
Incredible Internet’s stated intention is “To help people of all ages cut through the Internet’s clutter to improve their everyday lives, while keeping families safe online.” 
Topics covered on Incredible Internet’s Web site include virtual worlds and Massively Multiplayer Online Games (MMOs), identity theft, cyberbullying and social networking. A downloadable parent guide entitled “Understanding a Child’s Virtual World” penned by Dr. Linda Young is also available on the site.
The program’s stable of experts include psychologist Dr. Linda Young and virtual world expert Dr. Nick Yee. Other contributors include NetSmartz411, Microsoft and TransUnion.
Incredible Internet is included among Project Online Safety’s collection of online safety resources alongside those of AT&T, Comcast and Time Warner.
Partnership with NetSmartz411.
Since 2007, the Qwest Foundation has funded NetSmartz411, a free Internet safety online-help desk and hotline provided by the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. NetSmartz411 provides families with general information about social networking, instant messaging, text messaging and online gaming. 
Content from NetSmartz411 can be found on Incredible Internet.
Online Safety Coalition.
In December 2006, the Incredible Internet program convened community, government and law enforcement leaders to address online safety issues and ways to reduce child exploitation. The group was named the Online Safety Coalition and is led by Shirley Bloomfield. 
In April 2008, members of the coalition were honored in Washington, D.C., for their contributions to online safety awareness and education.

</doc>
<doc id="19280248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280248" title="Chicago Review">
Chicago Review

The Chicago Review is a literary magazine published four times per year in the Humanities Division at the University of Chicago. It was founded in 1946. Three stories published in the "Chicago Review" have won the O. Henry Award. Work that first appeared in the "Chicago Review" has also been reprinted in "The Best American Poetry 2002", "The Best American Poetry 2004", and "The Best American Short Stories 2003".
Many well-known writers have published in the review, both before and after they became famous, including Henry Miller, Phillip Roth, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Jack Kerouac, William S. Burroughs, Allen Ginsberg, Tennessee Williams, William Carlos Williams, Anaïs Nin, Charles Simic, James Tate, Charles Bukowski, Raymond Carver, Philip Levine, Joyce Carol Oates, Michael Palmer, Robert Pinsky, Edward Dorn, Anne Carson, and Robert Duncan, amongst many others.
Early history and "Beat" poetry censorship controversy.
Before censorship by the university administration, the "Chicago Review" was an early and leading promoter of the Beat Movement in American literature. In the autumn of 1958, it published an excerpt from Burroughs' "Naked Lunch", which was judged obscene by the "Chicago Daily News" and sparked public outcry; this episode led to the censorship of the following issue, to which the editors responded by resigning and starting a new magazine in which to freely publish Beat fiction.
The "Chicago Review" became the subject of considerable controversy in 1959, when the University of Chicago prohibited editor Irving Rosenthal from publishing a winter issue that was to include Jack Kerouac's "Sebastian Midnite", a thirty-page excerpt from William S. Burroughs's "Naked Lunch" and a thirty-page work by Edward Dahlberg. The concern of the university was that the work might be deemed obscene. All but one editor quit the paper. Rosenthal, Ginsberg and others responded by founding "Big Table"; its first issue included ten chapters of "Naked Lunch".
In the context of the ongoing nation-wide conflict between traditional vs. Beat fiction, the impact of the creation of "Big Table" was such that, as Thomas Pynchon recalled, among the literature college students at Cornell University, "'What happened at Chicago' became shorthand for some unimaginable subversive threat."
The "Chicago Review" also played a significant role in introducing Zen to the American public.

</doc>
<doc id="19280293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280293" title="Zimmerman House (Horseheads, New York)">
Zimmerman House (Horseheads, New York)

Zimmerman House, also known as Zim House, is a historical structure located in Horseheads, New York. It was the home of cartoonist Eugene Zimmerman, also known as "Zim". The architectural and historic significance of the house led to its listing in the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Zimmerman designed the house in 1890 in a Queen Anne style. It was built by his father-in-law, Alvah Beard. Zimmerman also designed the Zim Bandstand in nearby Teal Park. Both are in Horseheads's1855 Extension Historic District.
The house is open for tour by appointment with the Horseheads Historical Society and features some of Zimmerman's works on display.

</doc>
<doc id="19280321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280321" title="Kila Ka'aihue">
Kila Ka'aihue

Micah Kilakila Kaaihue (; born March 29, 1984, in Kailua, Hawaii) is a professional baseball player. Kaaihue went to Iolani School in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Career.
Kansas City Royals.
He was drafted by the Royals in the 15th round (438th overall) of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft.
He played for the Gulf Coast Royals in , Single-A Burlington Bees in and , and the Single-A Advanced High Desert Mavericks in . In , he played for the Double-A Wichita Wranglers.
Kaaihue split between the Single-A Advanced Wilmington Blue Rocks and Wichita. In , Kaaihue played for Kansas City's new Double-A affiliate, the Northwest Arkansas Naturals. There, he led the minor leagues in walks, with 104. He also played for the Triple-A Omaha Royals. 
When rosters expanded on September 1, 2008, Kaaihue was called up to the major leagues. He made his major league debut on September 4, . He hit his first major league home run on September 20, 2008.
Kaaihue spent the entire 2009 season in Omaha. He began the 2010 season in Omaha, and was called up to Kansas City in May. In his first Major League at bat that season, he pinch hit for Willie Bloomquist in the 8th inning of a May 6 game against the Texas Rangers, and hit an RBI single that broke an 11-11 tie. After having a disappointing start of the season Kila started getting hot finishing the 2010 Royals season with 8 home runs and 25 runs batted in.
Kaaihue started the 2011 season as the regular first baseman for the Kansas City Royals. He hit a walk-off home run on April 1 as the Royals beat the Angels 2-1. Mired in a hitting slump from the start of the season, averaging just .195 in 23 games, with only six RBIs and two homers, Kaaihue was optioned to Triple-A Omaha on May 5. Eric Hosmer was called up to replace him. He was designated for assignment on September 21, 2011.
Oakland Athletics.
On September 27, 2011, he was traded to the Oakland Athletics for minor league pitcher Ethan Hollingsworth. On June 6, 2012, he was designated for assignment. In 39 games for the Athletics, he hit .234/.295/.398 with 4 HR and 14 RBI.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
On November 21, 2012, Kaaihue signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks, but was released from the Reno Aces, Arizona's Triple-A affilite, on June 1st, 2013. He led the Triple-A Pacific Coast League in home runs.
Hiroshima Toyo Carp.
On June 15, 2013, Kaaihue signed with the Hiroshima Toyo Carp in Japan.
Personal.
Kaaihue's younger brother, Kala Kaaihue, is a minor league baseball first baseman. He is of Hawaiian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19280329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280329" title="Willie Overtoom">
Willie Overtoom

Willie Overtoom (born 2 September 1986) is a Dutch/Cameroonian footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder for the Dutch Eredivisie club AZ. He is the son of a Dutch father and a Cameroonian mother, and has lived the first three years of his life in Cameroon before moving to the Netherlands. Overtoom holds a Dutch passport.
Overtoom has played for several national Dutch youth squads in the past but has never received an invitation for the Netherlands national football team. In 2011 he announced the application for a Cameroonian passport so he would be granted permission to represent The Indomitable Lions. On 15 March 2012, Overtoom has received his first call ever for the Cameroonian senior team.
He made his international debut in a friendly match against Guinea national football team on 26 May 2012.
On 24 January 2013, Overtoom signed a 3,5-year contract with AZ.

</doc>
<doc id="19280349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280349" title="Maximum Drive">
Maximum Drive

Maximum Drive was a children's competition show hosted by Joe Fowler with co-hosts Brian Vermeire and Mercedes Colon that aired on The Family Channel from August 29 to November 25, 1994.
On each show, three teams of kids competed in various motorsports to earn points, with the highest scoring team after five races winning the championship.
THE TEAMS
There are a total of 15 teams that makes the roster for Maximum Drive, each team represented by an animal name.
Cobras "(Champions)"
Lions "(2nd Place)"
Sharks "(3rd Place)"
Hawks "(Semi-Finalists)"
Bobcats "(Semi-Finalists)"
Pythons "(Semi-Finalists)"
Ducks "(Quarter-Finalists)"
Bats "(Quarter-Finalists)"
Bulls "(Quarter-Finalists)"
Raptors "(Playoff Contenders)"
Wolves "(Playoff Contenders)"
Rams "(Playoff Contenders)"
Tigers "(Eliminated Before Playoffs)"
Cougars "(Eliminated Before Playoffs)"
Jaguars "(Eliminated Before Playoffs)"
VEHICLES
Also here are the list of vehicles used throughout the entire run of the series.
XR-80
ATV
Cubs "(smaller motorbikes)"
Argo
Wave Runner
Mountain Bike
Hovercraft "(used for the last episode)"
EVENTS
The events were completely random per each episode, but any game using the lake and/or multiple players were always the last two for teams to compete. Each had a specific vehicle used, and sometimes they used more than one player.
Long Course Race (ATV, XR-80, Cubs): In this race, the players would go around the long course for 3 laps on the vehicles permitted for the events. Only one person was allowed to race for each team. Teams had to deal with Hair-Pin Alley and the Horse Shoe turns throughout the race. The person who crossed the finish line first will win 1st place.
Short Course Race (ATV, XR-80, Cubs): Similar to the Long Course, teams had to take a shorter route on the Maximum Drive Course. Only this time they have to ride for 5 laps till they reach the finish line.
Argo (Argos Only): The six wheel vehicles are used for this event only. They drive around another course on the Maximum Drive course which leads into the two mud pits called the "Bog" and the "Gator Pit". They drive for 3 laps on the course, and this event can use one or two players from each team to play.
Slam Dunk (Wave Runner Only): Slam Dunk is one of two water events of the whole series. All three players participate in this game. The objective is to send one player on the Yamaha Wave Runner to retrieve floatation balls from two teammates on rafters in the Maximum Drive Lake and dunk them into enter-tubes. If a ball enters a tube, they get a point. There are three balls (2 yellow & 1 red) and they have up to 90 seconds to score. If a ball falls in the water, they can retrieve it as long as time permits it, however if they fail, they must move onto the next ball. The team with the most balls in the tubes would get 1st place.
Soccer (ATV Only): Its soccer Maximum Drive style. In the center of the course, one player from each team will try to knock up to three giant bean bag balls into the goal lines. Each one they get is worth 1 point, however they only get one shot with each ball and they have 40 seconds to complete it.
BMX Rally (Mountain Bikes Only): In this event all players participate and they ride on Mountain Bikes on the Hair Pin Alley Course. They have 3 laps to complete before finishing, and the rankings are determined by how many players of the same team are among the top finishers. Example: 1st place (1st, 3rd, 4th) 2nd (2nd, 5th, 7th) and 3rd (6th, 8th, 9th).
Hover Ball (Hover Craft Only): The second of two water events and this only aired once in the finale. The goal of this game is similar to Slam Dunk, but one player from each team will ride a hover craft and try to toss 4 balls into a goal net in two tries. The player with the most goals will win 1st place.
Over The Mat (All Ground Vehicles): One of the few games that uses all three track vehicles in the main games, most often the second or final event of the day. They make one lap around the long or short courses before making a turn to the center of the course where they park their vehicles into a parking zone that has their team color. They must avoid knocking a ball off a cone when parking, otherwise they are penalized 5 seconds before they can continue. Once they park they can jump on blue safety mats and the giant bean bag ball in order to switch to the next vehicle or tag their partner to continue the race. There are 4 laps for this and the first player to cross will win 1st place.
Gear Up (All Ground Vehicles): One of two final events, Gear up required all 3 players to play in a Relay race similar to Over the Mat. One player will race one full lap on the long course, then make a turn to the center field where they get over the mat and pass either goggles or a glove to their team mate where they must put it on before continuing the course, again they will repeat the process to the next team member. Then the final member will complete the final lap to lock 1st place for their team.
Balloon Boogie (All Ground Vehicles): Same rules as Gear Up, but players must throw a water balloon to their team mate where they must catch it and break it on the ground before continuing.
SCORING SYSTEM
Teams earn points depending on how they placed in the game
"1st place" - 5 points
"2nd place" - 3 points
"3rd place" - 1 point
In the event of ties, the points would go as follows:
"Tie for 1st" - 4 points
"Tie for 2nd" - 2 points
RULES, CAUTIONS, & PENALTIES
There are penalties that can either delay or disqualify a team from the race.
5 Second Penalty: In Over the Mat, Gear Up, and Balloon Boogie, if a team knocks a ball off their cone when parking, they are penalized for 5 seconds before continuing. 
Disqualifications: If a team parks into the wrong color zone, goes into the wrong route, or quits, they are disqualified and will not receive any points for that event.
Technicalities: If a team stalls or knocks into the hay bails, they are still in the race but are given a yellow caution flag to the other teams until they are able to continue. If a team is unable to complete the course, they are automatically given 3rd place.
THE PLAYOFFS
The teams weren't only playing for winner of the day, they were also competing for the playoffs near the end of the season. Only the top 12 of 15 teams will compete for the playoff matches.
The Playoffs - 1st Rounds: The 12 teams are assigned positions based on their performance for the entire season, the winner of each round will advance to the Quarter Finals. Teams who did not win would qualify for wild card spots. Only 5 teams with the highest scores will advance.
The Quarter Finals: The 9 teams advancing would repeat the same as the first rounds, winners of each round would advance and the top 3 scoring teams would also continue to the semi-finals
The Semi-Finals: The remaining 6 teams would continue the same sequence again, the 2 winning teams will advance to the finals and the team with the best score of the remaining teams would also advance to the finals.
The Finals: Like any normal episode, the teams would play different games including the Hover Ball game in the finals until the winners of the day would be the Maximum Drive Champions.
The series, a Vin Di Bona Production, lasted only three months - unlike the show it debuted with, "Masters of the Maze". Despite its short run, the program was nominated for a CableACE Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19280351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280351" title="Macaduma">
Macaduma

Macaduma is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Distribution.
The genus has its greatest diversity in the Australian tropics, extending weakly east to New Caledonia, Fiji and Samoa and west to the Himalaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19280354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280354" title="Asbjørn Sunde">
Asbjørn Sunde

Asbjørn Edvin Sunde (12 December 1909 – 23 April 1985) was a Norwegian sailor, communist, and a saboteur against the Nazi occupation of Norway during the Second World War. During the war, from 1941 to 1944, Sunde's group - the "Osvald Group" - carried out approximately 200 acts of sabotage and assassination against the German occupation forces and collaborators. Many of the actions were carried out on order from the Norwegian exile government in London. In 1954 he was convicted for treason and espionage in favour of the Soviet Union, but released from prison before due time, after political pressure to have him released.
Early life.
Sunde had served a 30-month stint in the Royal Norwegian Navy, rising to non-commissioned officer rank in 1930. He was trained as both a first mate, a navigator and a gunner. He was married, and the father of one son. For several years he sailed in the Norwegian merchant marine. In the years preceding the Second World War, Sunde joined the Communist Party of Norway, wrote for the communist daily "Arbeideren" and was involved with work to aid and support the labourers and unemployed in his home town Horten.
Spanish Civil War.
Following the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in 1936, Sunde played a central role in the early efforts of the Communist Party of Norway in support of the Spanish Republic. In January 1937 Sunde led a group of four volunteers he had personally recruited from Oslo to the headquarters of the International Brigades in Albacete, Spain. Sunde, who spoke Spanish, first served as an front line ambulance driver in Spain, before requesting transfer to a Republican special operations unit as a saboteur and partisan, operating behind Nationalist lines. Among the tasks Sunde carried out in the unit was railway sabotage. While in Spain he also wrote letters, describing his experiences and the situation in Spain, that were published in "Arbeideren". Sunde left Spain in the summer of 1938, returning to Norway.
Wollweber League.
From 1938 he was the leader of the Norwegian branch of Ernst Wollweber's secret sabotage organization, whose actions were directed against Fascist-controlled shipping. The Wollweber League had been established as an initiative of the Soviet NKVD.
Second World War.
Following the German attack on the Soviet Union in June 1941, Sunde's group initiated sabotage activities in Norway. The group, consisting predominately of sailors, dockworkers and industrial labourers, was responsible for some 200 known actions between July 1941 and July 1944, dominating sabotage activity in Norway during this period. One of Sunde's cover names was "Osvald", and his group became known as the Osvald Group ("Osvald-gruppen"). The groups main area of operations was Buskerud.
According to historian Lars Borgersrud, Sunde's renown as an aggressive and daring saboteur, led other resistance organisations to approach him to carry out particularly delicate missions, in particular assassinations. After attacking the Oslo and Aker offices of the State Police 21 August 1942, a reward of 50,000 NOK was offered for information that would lead to his capture.
Post-war activities.
After the war Sunde wrote the book "Menn i mørket" (1947) (Men in the Darkness), describing his wartime activities. Neither Sunde nor his organization received any award or recognition from the post-war Norwegian government for their contributions during the war, due to the political climate at the time, and the group's relation to the Soviet secret police organisation, the NKVD.
The more famous and acknowledged partisan Gunnar Sønsteby unsuccessfully spoke in favour of giving Sunde a war pension, which was given to both the merchant sailors and the military branch of the resistance. Sunde died without receiving any official recognition for his war-time contributions to Norway.
Sunde played a central role in the internal conflicts of the Communist Party of Norway in the late 1940s. The struggle culminated with the expulsion of former chairman Peder Furubotn and a number of other so-called "Titoists" in 1949/1950.
Conviction for treason and espionage.
From 1949 the Norwegian Police Surveillance Agency began a surveillance operation against Sunde, leading to his arrest five years later on suspicion of espionage. In 1954 Sunde was convicted for treason and espionage for the Soviet Union, and sentenced to 8 years imprisonment. After serving two thirds of his sentence, he was released from prison ca. 1960. After his release, he lived a quiet life.

</doc>
<doc id="19280355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280355" title="Macadumosia">
Macadumosia

Macadumosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Macadumosia excisa, which is found in Papua New Guinea.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280358" title="Clarita de Quiroz">
Clarita de Quiroz

Clarita de Quiroz is a Scottish singer/songwriter and model from Edzell. De Quiroz is a classically-trained pianist and percussionist, who was named north-east Scotland's "Young Musician of the Year" in 1998. In August 2008, De Quiroz appeared in the video for MC Harvey's "If I Was Your Man", the shooting of which was interrupted by Fife Police, as it was taking place close to the home of Prime Minister Gordon Brown. Her first single, "Summertime", was released in September 2008. She is also known for supporting Akon in Scotland during 2007 as well as Amp Fiddler. De Quiroz is now based in the UAE.
De Quiroz filmed for the first motion picture in Dubai, UAE "City of Life". De Quiroz is also one of the Michelle Mone Ultimo's package models (website demonstration model) alongside ex Miss Scotland "Lois Weatherup".
De Quiroz in January 2010 was elected to be a Key Opinion Leader for premium skin care brand Dove UAE. As an ambassador to the brand, de Quiroz will reach out to women all over the UAE to promote healthy lifestyle, balance and confidence.
Biography.
Early life and education.
De Quiroz was born in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, the daughter of Estelita Tala Tala de Quiroz (Civil Engineer then housewife) and Robert O'Neill, Chartered Engineer. De Quiroz was brought up in Corfe Mullen in Dorset and attended Lockyears Middle School. At the age of 10 she moved to Scotland to Edzell where she continued to study in Mearns Academy, Laurencekirk.
Post-high school studies, she then completed her MA (Hons) degree at the University of Glasgow in Business and Economics.
Career.
Modelling.
De Quiroz was signed to numerous agencies. She was first signed with Scotland's The Look Agency (now The Look at Colours Agency). Her Dubai agency is Bareface for modelling.
De Quiroz is currently based in Dubai where she has modelled for, MAC Makeup, Guerlain Makeup UAE, "Snob" magazine, "Physique" magazine, "Illustrado" magazine, Liz Claiborne UAE, Sheraton Hotels, Lily Pond Spa, Galeries Lafayette, Crafft AC (Commercial), Dubai Tourism Global Commercial, Men's Fitness Magazine, Harvey Nichols, Abu Dhabi Sports TV, Dessert Fish Magazine, and Emirates Woman Magazine. De Quiroz was also a selected finalist for the Paris Hilton BFF Dubai 2009 show however rejected the opportunity.
Clarita became the face of Val Saint Lambert in October 2009 and shot for the new campaign in Belgium.
De Quiroz was a packaging model for Ultimo lingerie alongside Lois Weatherup, a former Miss Scotland. She has modelled for companies such as La Senza, Boudich Lingerie, La Sirenne Channel 4 "Stacked", ICS learning commercial, front page model and editorial model for Illustrado Magazine La Femme Fatale Lingerie, Wella Hair at Salon International 2007, MTV, and appeared on numerous front page covers of magazines and editorials/commercials.
Music.
De Quiroz is a classically-trained pianist and percussionist, who was named north-east Scotland's "Young Musician of the Year" in 1998.
Clarita supported Sir Elton John at his Abu Dhabi Yas Arena performance in March 2012 as well as won the GR8! Women Awards 2012 for Best Singer in the Middle East.
Clarita performed at the Formula 1 Abu Dhabi 2011 just after her performance alongside Macy Gray in Doha for the Doha 21st Century Leaders Awards 2011 in October. Clarita de Quiroz also performed at the 2010 Formula 1 supporting Kelly Rowland, Gabrielle and the Sugababes.
De Quiroz was elected one of the UAE's Hot 100 for Ahlan Magazine UAE, where she performed during the night before Jermaine Jackson and accompanied Sheila Ferguson from Three Degrees on the piano.
De Quiroz completed her "Grade 8 Piano" at the age of 16 and her "Grade 8 Percussion" at 15 at the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music. De Quiroz composed her first concerto "Inamorato" at the age of 15 during her lunch time breaks during school. She started her vocal training at the age of 13.
De Quiroz has been featured on BBC Radio 1Xtra, BBC One, BBC Scotland, and supported Akon, Amp Fiddler, and Martin Luther (Roots).
Her performances in Dubai have included the Grazia Style Awards 2009, Time Out Awards and Esquire Magazine Launch 2009, Arabian Business Awards and Emirates Woman of the Year Awards 2009. In October 2009 Clarita performed in front of the Qatar Al Thani Royal Family for the Doha 21st Century Leaders Awards 2009.
She released her first Single "Summertime" in 2008 which featured Pharell Williams's girls "Kin 4 Life" and HBO Latino's La Bruja. The double single release also contained "Hypnotize" featuring Flipmode Squad's "Baby Sham" and Kanye West's "JNan".
Presenting.
De Quiroz started shooting for City 7 TV's Dubai Dine TV and Dubai Night's TV shows in June 2010.
Personal life.
De Quiroz was one of the six Women of Substance 2009 for the UAE for Illustrado She plans to expand on her charity work this year to build schools in the Philippines.
She is a big fan of Paulo Coehlo and Kahlil Gibran's writing and shares the similar spiritual beliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="19280364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280364" title="Skevikare">
Skevikare

Skevikare, or "Skevikarna", were a group of radical Pietists, who, after having travelled around Denmark, Germany and Holland in exile for 11 years, in 1745 returned to Sweden and formed a Christian community on the island Värmdön outside of Stockholm.
Intriguing history.
Their history is one of the most intriguing of the radical Pietistic movement in the North. It starts about 1720 with the "Eriksson brothers" among the Swedish population of west Finland. These two former officers in the Swedish army preached the pietistic spiritual insights, and of course soon were brought before court, having denied some of the doctrines of the Lutheran Church. 
After a seven-year-long trial they came to Stockholm in 1733 to be officially exiled. But instead of awaiting the final decision, they asked for permission to leave the country immediately, together with their followers, who now had grown to about 60 devoted radical Pietists. This they were granted. 
The 11-year Exile.
They first left for Denmark and Copenhagen, but they were not welcomed. So, a sailing ship was bought, and the whole community went aboard. At that time their movement had grown to about 90 persons, some coming over from Sweden and Finland, other joining in Denmark. Then for several years, they had to stay on the ship, sailing up and down the coasts of Denmark and Norway, very seldom allowed to anker at any harbour. One time they were being shot at from a town. Another time a woman needed to go ashore to get help to give birth to her child, which she was denied. At winter, they had to anker outside a desolate coast and dig caves on the shore for the elderly to live in, because of the coldness aboard the ship. Finally, they came to Altona (then belonging to Denmark), a town were many Pietists and Mennonites were living, and could settle there. But not for long. They were too radical even for Altona, and had to leave, not finding a resting place anywhere. So they went to Holland and had about the same story there.
The Skevik period.
After 11 years of many hardships, living as strangers and pilgrims, they were allowed to return to Sweden in 1745. A rich salesman who admired them bought them a farm on the Värmdö island outside of Stockholm, and at this farm, called "Skevik", from which they got their name, they finally settled, and stayed there for the rest of their lives. From there they secretly distributed a lot of Pietistic and mystic literature, keeping in contact with other likeminded Christians all over northern Europe.
During this time they had many visitors, and among them two of Swedens' kings, showing them the respect they were denied for so many years.
Strange practices.
By the locals they were known also as the "Främlingarna", or "the Strangers", which they also called themselves, and were described as "hermites" wearing hodden coats and having long, loose hanging hair spread over their shoulders. When members of their community had died, they usually came to one of Stockholm's graveyards at night, leaving the body on the ground inside the church area's outer wall. Then the priest would bury them next day. This practice lead to the people of Stockholm beginning to tell ghost stories about that place at nights.
There is a big cave-like formation on the Värmdö Island, where the Skevikarna used to gather for quiet prayer and meditation. This cave was used in a scene in Ingmar Bergman's movie "The Seventh Seal".
After the movement's demise, the farm was handed over to the local authorities, and the Skevikarna were forgotten. About half a century later, a newly arrived priest to the island was handed an old handwritten journal by a parishioner. When the priest sat down at home later in the evening, to read the book, he found that the Skevikarna had recorded their whole fascinating exile story, and he later made it into a small booklet.
Much of their handwritten literature is still preserved at the Royal libraries in Stockholm and Uppsala.
With the end of the Skevikare community around 1830, the radical pietistic movement in Sweden ceased. Their story is very little known today.

</doc>
<doc id="19280374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280374" title="Katsuhiko Nishijima">
Katsuhiko Nishijima


</doc>
<doc id="19280378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280378" title="Machadoia">
Machadoia

Machadoia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Machadoia xanthosticta, which is found in Ecuador and Brazil.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280379" title="Alan Morrison (lawyer)">
Alan Morrison (lawyer)

Alan Morrison is a Supreme Court attorney and the co-founder of Public Citizen Litigation Group.
Career.
Morrison graduated from Yale College in 1959. He then attended Harvard Law School, graduating in 1966. He also worked as an assistant U.S. attorney in the Southern District of New York.
In 1971, he met Ralph Nader and the two men founded Public Citizen Litigation Group, the litigating arm of the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen. Morrison served as the director of the Public Citizen Litigation Group. Over the span of his career, Morrison has argued 20 cases before the Supreme Court, most notably the key separation-of-powers case "INS vs. Chadha". He also founded the Supreme Court Assistance Project (SCAP), which assists small-firm lawyers in arguing cases before the Supreme Court. Morrison retired from Public Citizen in 2004 to work at Stanford Law School as a senior lecturer on administrative and public interest law.
He has taught at various other laws schools, including Harvard. He also served as a Visiting Professor of Law at the Washington College of Law. In 2009, Morrison joined The George Washington University Law School as the Lerner Family Associate Dean for Public Interest and Public Service Law.
He served as the president of the American Academy of Appellate Lawyers from 1999–2000.
Morrison is also the co-author of the 1995 book "Representing Yourself : What You Can Do Without a Lawyer".
Personal life.
Morrison has a wife, Anne, and two daughters, Becky and Nina. Nina is currently working as an attorney for the non-profit organization, The Innocence Project.

</doc>
<doc id="19280391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280391" title="Machaeraptenus">
Machaeraptenus

Machaeraptenus is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280393" title="Machairophora">
Machairophora

Machairophora is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280395" title="Macotasa">
Macotasa

Macotasa is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280405" title="Macrobrochis">
Macrobrochis

Macrobrochis is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280406" title="Media in Baltimore">
Media in Baltimore

Although Baltimore is only 45 minutes northeast of Washington by automobile, it is a major media market in its own right. Its main newspaper, "The Baltimore Sun", was sold by its Baltimore owners in 1986 to the Times Mirror Company, which was bought by the Tribune Company in 2000. Baltimore is the 24th-largest television market and 21st-largest radio market in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19280415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280415" title="Macrocneme">
Macrocneme

Macrocneme is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19280417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280417" title="Macroptila">
Macroptila

Macroptila is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280424" title="Macrosia">
Macrosia

Macrosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280430" title="Maculonaclia">
Maculonaclia

Maculonaclia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Species.
Some species of this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="19280442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280442" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2007">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2007

These are the "Official Charts Company" UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19280445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280445" title="Fernand">
Fernand

Fernand is a masculine name of French origin.
It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280448" title="Yōshoku">
Yōshoku

In Japanese cuisine, refers to a style of Western-influenced cooking which originated during the Meiji Restoration. These are primarily Japanized forms of European dishes, often featuring Western names, and usually written in katakana.
History.
At the beginning of the Meiji Restoration, national seclusion was eliminated, and the Meiji Emperor declared Western ideas as means to Japan's future progress. As part of the reformations, the Emperor lifted the ban on red meat and promoted Western cuisine, which was viewed as the cause of the Westerner's greater physical size. "Yōshoku" was thus created, and as a result of its origins, relies on meat as a common element, unlike the typical Japanese cuisine at the time. In the past, the term yōshoku was for Western cuisine, regardless of the country of origin (as opposed to French, English, Italian etc.), but people became aware of differences between European and "yōshoku" due to the opening of many European restaurants serving more authentically European (non-japanized) food in the 1980s. 
Earlier dishes of European origin – notably those imported from Portugal in the 16th century such as tempura, are not, strictly speaking, part of "yoshoku", which refers only to Meiji-era food. However, some "yōshoku" restaurants serve tempura. 
"Yōshoku" varies in how Japanized it is: while yōshoku may be eaten with a spoon (as in カレー, karē, curry), paired with bread or a "plate" of rice (called ライス, raisu), and written in katakana to reflect that they are foreign words, some have become sufficiently Japanized that they are often treated as normal Japanese food ("washoku"): served alongside rice and miso soup, and eaten with chopsticks. An example of the latter is katsu, which is eaten with chopsticks and a "bowl" of rice (ご飯, gohan), and may even be served with traditional Japanese sauces such as ponzu or grated daikon, rather than katsu sauce. Reflecting this, katsu is often written in hiragana as かつ, as a native Japanese word, rather than as カツ (from カツレツ, katsuretsu, "cutlet").
Overview.
Jihei Ishii, author of the 1898 "The Japanese Complete Cookbook" (日本料理法大全), states that: "Yōshoku is Japanese food."
Created in the Meiji era, it may not have as long a history as "Washoku" (Japanese traditional dishes), yet there are "yōshoku" dishes which have themselves become traditional Japanese fare. Yōshoku is considered a field of Japanese cuisine, including such typical adapted meals as "katsu", beefsteak, "korokke", "naporitan", Hayashi rice and curry rice (Japanese curry). Many of these meals are even assumed to be washoku.
Yōshoku began by altering Western recipes for lack of information about foreign countries’ cuisine, or adaptions to suit local tastes, but over time, "yōshoku" also evolved dishes that were not at all based on European foods, such as chicken rice and "omurice" (omelette rice). Elaborate sauces were largely eliminated, replaced with tomato ketchup, demi-glace sauce, and Worcester sauce.
During Japan's modernization, yōshoku was often too expensive for the common man. But after World War II, ingredients for "yōshoku" became more widely available, and its popularity grew.
A is a restaurant where "yōshoku" dishes are served. During Japan's rapid economic growth people began eating "yōshoku" in department store restaurants, but now family restaurants such as Denny's and Saizeriya are considered essential "yōshoku" establishments. In addition, there are also a number of upscale "yōshoku" restaurants in Japan, such as Shiseido Parlor in Ginza and Taimeiken in Nihonbashi (two areas of Tokyo).

</doc>
<doc id="19280453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280453" title="Emmanuelle 6">
Emmanuelle 6

Emmanuelle 6 is a 1988 French softcore erotica movie directed by Bruno Zincone, and starring by Natalie Uher. The screenplay was written by cult erotic horror specialist Jean Rollin, based on the novel "Emmanuelle: The Joys of a Woman" by Emmanuelle Arsan. The filming location was Venezuela. It also had hardcore scenes, but they were not used in any known available cuts.
Plot.
Emmanuelle (Natalie Uher) moves to Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="19280454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280454" title="Magnoptera">
Magnoptera

Magnoptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Magnoptera watsoni, which is found in Chile.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280455" title="Lyda Ann Thomas">
Lyda Ann Thomas

Lyda Ann Thomas is the former mayor of Galveston, Texas, United States. She was first elected in 2004 to succeed Roger "Bo" Quiroga. Thomas was the third female mayor of Galveston.
Education and politics.
Thomas attended The Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas. Thomas ran for District 4 for the Galveston City Council in 1998. She won both permitted elections after that until term-limited out. In 2004 she ran for, and was elected, Mayor of Galveston. Thomas proceeded to serve three terms as mayor, and stepped down in 2010 after reaching her a city-imposed term-limit.
Hurricane Rita.
On September 20, 2005 during Hurricane Rita, Thomas declared a state of emergency and ordered an evacuation effective 6 PM the following day. When added to the panicked flight from Houston, this exacerbated the congestion in the area. She was however praised for her caution, receiving the 2007 National Blueprint Best Practices Award from the National Council on Readiness & Preparedness.
Hurricane Ike.
On August 4, 2008 when Tropical Storm Edouard came ashore, Thomas limited her statements to a warning.
When Hurricane Ike approached Galveston, on September 10 at noon Thomas said that although she did not expect to be ordering an evacuation, she asked for a voluntary evacuation of the western part of the island. At 5 PM this hardened to a mandatory order and she suggested voluntary evacuation for the rest of the island.
Thomas ordered the full evacuation 9:30 AM on September 11, in a news conference with Galveston County Judge Jim Yarbrough. She told the media at the time that she had wanted to avoid an evacuation order.

</doc>
<doc id="19280461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280461" title="Senia Russakoff">
Senia Russakoff

Senia Russakoff Alexander (September 26, 1891 - December 29, 1981) was a Russian dancer and teacher.
Biography.
Russakoff grew up in St. Petersburg, Russia, where for a short while he attended the Imperial Ballet School. Leaving Russia during the Russian Revolution he danced in various theaters in Copenhagen, then came to the United States in 1907 where he joined the Keith-Albee-Orpheum vaudeville circuits as a member of the Golden Troupe of Russian dancers. He also was a member of Anna Pavlova’s company until 1919.
Settling in Boston, he became well known as a teacher of ballet and character dance from 1920-1978. Ray Bolger was among his students, later to become famous with his role as the Scarecrow in "The Wizard Of Oz". American dancer/choreologist Richard Holden gained his first exposure to Russian folk and character styles from Russakoff. Many dancers on tour in Boston visited his studio, known as the “school of leaps and bounds”. It was first located in the Gainsborough Building across the street from New England Conservatory of Music and finally at 431 Boylston Street where he taught along with his wife, Regina.
In 1926 he formed the Boston Ballet Concerto Company, the first of several ballet groups that he started, usually performing at Jordan Hall in the New England Conservatory. Among other ballets, he produced "Anna Karenina", based on Tolstoy’s novel with music by Sydney Cahan, who was also Russakoff’s class pianist of many years. During World War II Russakoff worked for the USO.

</doc>
<doc id="19280463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280463" title="Lawrence A. and Mary Fournier House">
Lawrence A. and Mary Fournier House

Lawrence A. and Mary Fournier House is a house in the Cleveland neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The architect, Lawrence Fournier, was a draftsman in the firm of Purcell & Elmslie. The design reflects the Prairie School's emergence and influences that were beginning to take root within the American Craftsman movement. The Prairie School influence is shown in the long horizontal bands of windows, while the front entry porch is a Craftsman design with massive masonry pillars. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19280464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280464" title="Mahensia">
Mahensia

Mahensia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Mahensia seychellarum, which is found on the Seychelles.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280480" title="Objectivist Party">
Objectivist Party

The Objectivist Party is a political party in the United States that seeks to promote Ayn Rand's philosophy of Objectivism in the political realm. The party was formed on February 2, 2008 by Tom Stevens; the date was chosen to coincide with the date of Rand's birth.
The Governing Board of the party currently consists of Tom Stevens, Dallwyn Merck, and Jonathan Damgaard Jakobsen.
History.
2008 presidential campaign.
The Objectivist Party's nominees in the 2008 United States presidential campaign were party founder Tom Stevens for President, and Alden Link for Vice President. Stevens lives in New York and Link maintains residences both in New Jersey and New York. Both were delegates to the 2008 Libertarian Party National Convention, where Stevens was re-elected to the national Libertarian Party's Judicial Committee.
The Objectivist Party's ticket of Stevens and Link was listed on the ballot in two states, Colorado and Florida. They received a total of 755 votes: 419 votes in Florida and 336 votes in Colorado.
2012 presidential Campaign.
During the Objectivist Party National Convention in St. Louis, Missouri from May 29 to May 30, 2010, Stevens and Alden Link were again selected as the Presidential and Vice Presidential candidates, respectively, for the Objectivist Party nomination in the 2012 general election as a result of a unanimous vote by the delegates. Stevens formally declared his candidacy for President on June 13, 2011.
The ticket was again on the ballot only in Colorado and Florida. They also had write-in access in Alabama, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Vermont, Wyoming. Stevens and Link received 4,091 votes: 235 votes in Colorado and 3,856 votes in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19280492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280492" title="Can You Hear Me?">
Can You Hear Me?

Can You Hear Me? may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280537" title="Contract">
Contract

In common law legal systems, a contract is an agreement having a lawful object entered into voluntarily by two or more parties, each of whom intends to create one or more legal obligations between them. The elements of a contract are "offer" and "acceptance" by "competent persons" having legal capacity who exchange "consideration" to create "mutuality of obligation."
Proof of some or all of these elements may be done in writing, though contracts may be made entirely orally or by conduct. The remedy for breach of contract can be "damages" in the form of compensation of money or specific performance enforced through an injunction. Both of these remedies award the party at loss the "benefit of the bargain" or expectation damages, which are greater than mere reliance damages, as in promissory estoppel. The parties may be natural persons or juristic persons. A contract is a legally enforceable promise or undertaking that something will or will not occur. The word promise can be used as a legal synonym for contract, although care is required as a promise may not have the full standing of a contract, as when it is an agreement without consideration.
Contract law varies greatly from one jurisdiction to another, including differences in common law compared to civil law, the impact of received law, particularly from England in common law countries, and of law codified in regional legislation. Regarding Australian Contract Law for example, there are 40 relevant acts which impact on the interpretation of contract at the Commonwealth (Federal / national) level, and an additional 26 acts at the level of the state of NSW. In addition there are 6 international instruments or conventions which are applicable for international dealings, such as the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
History.
Contract law is based on the principle expressed in the Latin phrase "pacta sunt servanda," which is usually translated "agreements must be kept" but more literally means "pacts must be kept". Contract law can be classified, as is habitual in civil law systems, as part of a general law of obligations, along with tort, unjust enrichment, and restitution. The common law of contract originated with the writ of assumpsit, which was originally a tort action based on reliance.
Jurisdictions vary in their principles of freedom of contract. In common law jurisdictions such as the United Kingdom and the United States, a high degree of freedom is expected. For example, in American law, it was determined in the 1901 case of "Hurley v. Eddingfield" that a physician was permitted to deny treatment to a patient despite the lack of other available medical assistance and the patient's subsequent death. This is in contrast to the civil law, which typically applies certain overarching principles to disputes arising out of contract, as in the French Civil Code. Other legal systems such as Islamic law, socialist legal systems, and customary law have their own variations.
However, in the case of the United States the principle of freedom of contract has eroded over time due to judicial deference to legislation affecting contracts. For example, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 restricted private racial discrimination against African-Americans. In the early 20th century the United States underwent the "Lochner era", in which the Supreme Court of the United States struck down economic regulations on the basis of freedom of contract and the Due Process Clause; these decisions were eventually overturned and the Supreme Court established a deference to legislative statutes and regulations which restrict freedom of contract. The U.S. Constitution contains a Contract Clause, but this has been interpreted as only restricting the retroactive impairment of contracts.
Not all agreements are necessarily contractual, as the parties generally must have an intention to be legally bound (or the functional equivalent under the objective theory of contracts). In American English, a gentlemen's agreement is one which is not intended to be legally enforceable; the equivalent concept can be expressed an agreement "binding in honor only."
Commercial use.
Contracts are widely used in commercial law, and form the legal foundation for transactions across the world. Common examples include construction contracts, product purchases (with associated warranties of quality), software licenses, employment contracts, insurance policies, real estate deeds to transfer title, professional services, wholesale merchandise supply, and various other uses.
Online contracts have become common. E-signature laws have made the electronic contract and signature as legally valid as a paper contract. It has been estimated that roughly one hundred and ten electronic contracts are signed every second.
Contract Management.
The professional practices solutions that are put in place to help with the design, implementation, and support of Contracts is referred to as the discipline of Contract Management. Enterprises that include entities such as for profit, nonprofit, not-for-profit, and government organizations, often establish and practice Contract Management in support of agreements that are made with vendors, partners, customers and other key stakeholders.
The activities that are part of Contract Management include but are not limited to things like assigning ownership and accountability for contracts, designing the structure of contracts, reviewing contracts, signing the contracts, filing the contracts, ensuring records retention of contracts, executing the contracts, ensuring support for the contracts, and governing all such activities for quality and adherence to such contracts.
Elements.
At common law, the elements of a contract are offer, acceptance, intention to create legal relations, and consideration.
Offer and acceptance.
In order for a contract to be formed, the parties must reach mutual assent (also called a meeting of the minds). This is typically reached through offer and an acceptance which does not vary the offer's terms, which is known as the "mirror image rule". If a purported acceptance does vary the terms of an offer, it is not an acceptance but a counteroffer and, therefore, simultaneously a rejection of the original offer. The Uniform Commercial Code disposes of the mirror image rule in §2-207, although the UCC only governs transactions in goods in the USA. As a court cannot read minds, the intent of the parties is interpreted objectively from the perspective of a reasonable person, as determined in the early English case of "Smith v Hughes" .
Contracts may be bilateral or unilateral. A bilateral contract is an agreement in which each of the parties to the contract makes a promise or set of promises to each other. For example, in a contract for the sale of a home, the buyer promises to pay the seller $200,000 in exchange for the seller's promise to deliver title to the property. These common contracts take place in the daily flow of commerce transactions, and in cases with sophisticated or expensive promises may involve extensive negotiation and various condition precedent requirements, which are requirements that must be met for the contract to be fulfilled.
Less common are unilateral contracts in which one party makes a promise, but the other side does not promise anything. In these cases, those accepting the offer are not required to communicate their acceptance to the offeror. In a reward contract, for example, a person who has lost a dog could promise a reward if the dog is found, through publication or orally. The payment could be additionally conditioned on the dog being returned alive. Those who learn of the reward are not required to search for the dog, but if someone finds the dog and delivers it, the promisor is required to pay. In the similar case of advertisements of deals or bargains, a general rule is that these are not contractual offers but merely an "invitation to treat" (or bargain), but the applicability of this rule is disputed and contains various exceptions. The High Court of Australia stated that the term unilateral contract is "unscientific and misleading".
In certain circumstances, an implied contract may be created. A contract is implied in fact if the circumstances imply that parties have reached an agreement even though they have not done so expressly. For example, a patient may implicitly enter a contract by visiting a doctor and being examined; if the patient refuses to pay after being examined, the patient has breached a contract implied in fact. A contract which is implied in law is also called a quasi-contract, because it is not in fact a contract; rather, it is a means for the courts to remedy situations in which one party would be unjustly enriched were he or she not required to compensate the other. Quantum meruit claims are an example.
Intention to be legally bound.
In commercial agreements it is presumed that parties intend to be legally bound unless the parties expressly state the opposite as in a heads of agreement document. For example, in "Rose & Frank Co v JR Crompton & Bros Ltd" an agreement between two business parties was not enforced because it contained an 'honour clause' which stated the parties wish that the agreement not be reviewed or enforced by a court.
In contrast, domestic and social agreements such as those between children and parents are typically unenforceable on the basis of public policy. For example, in the English case "Balfour v. Balfour" a husband agreed to give his wife £30 a month while he was away from home, but the court refused to enforce the agreement when the husband stopped paying. In contrast, in "Merritt v Merritt" the court enforced an agreement between an estranged couple.
Consideration.
Consideration is something of value given by a promissor to a promisee in exchange for something of value given by a promisee to a promissor. Typically, the thing of value is a payment, although it may be an act, or forbearance to act, when one is privileged to do so, such as an adult refraining from smoking. This thing of value or forbearance from some legal right is considered to be a legal detriment. In the exchange of legal detriments, a bargain is created. In the United States, the emphasis has shifted to the process of bargaining as exemplified by "Hamer v. Sidway" (1891). Roman law-based systems (including Scotland) do not require consideration, and some commentators have suggested that consideration be abandoned, and estoppel be used to replace it as a basis for contracts. However, legislation, rather than judicial development, has been touted as the only way to remove this entrenched common law doctrine. Lord Justice Denning famously stated that "The doctrine of consideration is too firmly fixed to be overthrown by a side-wind."
Courts will typically not weigh the "adequacy" of consideration as long as the consideration is determined to be "sufficient", with sufficiency defined as meeting the test of law, whereas "adequacy" is the subjective fairness or equivalence. For instance, agreeing to sell a car for a penny may constitute a binding contract if a party desires the penny. This is known as the "peppercorn rule", but in some jurisdictions, the penny may constitute legally insufficient "nominal consideration". Parties may do this for tax purposes, attempting to disguise gift transactions as contracts. Transferring money may be sufficient, particularly if there is accord and satisfaction.
However, consideration must be given as part of entering the contract, not prior as in past consideration. For example, in the early English case of "Eastwood v. Kenyon" the guardian of a young girl took out a loan to educate her. After she was married, her husband promised to pay the debt but the loan was determined to be past consideration. The insufficiency of past consideration is related to the "preexisting duty rule." In the early English case of "Stilk v. Myrick" [1809, a captain promised to divide the wages of two deserters among the remaining crew if they agreed to sail home short-handed; however, this promise was found unenforceable as the crew were already contracted to sail the ship. The preexisting duty rule also extends to general legal duties; for example, a promise to refrain from committing a tort or crime is not sufficient.
Formation.
In addition to the elements of a contract:
As a result, there are a variety of affirmative defenses that a party may assert to avoid their obligation.
Affirmative defenses.
Vitiating factors constituting defences to purported contract formation include:
Such defenses operate to determine whether a purported contract is either (1) void or (2) voidable. Void contracts cannot be ratified by either party. Voidable contracts "can" be ratified.
In the United States, persons under 18 are typically minor and their contracts are considered voidable; however, if the minor voids the contract, benefits received by the minor must be returned. The minor can enforce breaches of contract by an adult while the adult's enforcement may be more limited under the bargain principle. Promissory estoppel or unjust enrichment may be available, but generally are not.
Formalities and writing.
Typically, contracts are oral or written, but written contracts have typically been preferred in common law legal systems; in 1677 England passed the Statute of Frauds which influenced similar statute of frauds laws in the United States and other countries such as Australia. In general, the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the United States requires a written contract for tangible product sales in excess of $500, and real estate contracts are required to be written. If the contract is not required by law to be written, an oral contract is valid and therefore legally binding. The United Kingdom has since replaced the original Statute of Frauds, but written contracts are still required for various circumstances such as land (through the Law of Property Act 1925).
If a contract is in a written form, and somebody signs it, then the signer is typically bound by its terms regardless of whether they have actually read it provided the document is contractual in nature. However, affirmative defenses such as duress or unconscionability may enable the signer to avoid the obligation. Further, reasonable notice of a contract's terms must be given to the other party prior to their entry into the contract.
An unwritten, unspoken contract, also known as "a contract implied by the acts of the parties", which can be either an implied-in-fact contract or implied-in-law contract, may also be legally binding. Implied-in-fact contracts are real contracts under which the parties receive the "benefit of the bargain". However, contracts implied in law are also known as quasi-contracts, and the remedy is quantum meruit, the fair market value of goods or services rendered.
Invitation to treat.
Where a product in large quantities is advertised in a newspaper or on a poster, it generally is not considered an offer but instead will be regarded as an invitation to treat, since there is no guarantee that the store can provide the item for everyone who might want one. However, an exception to this rule may be made if an advertisement includes a reward, which is what happened in the famous case of "Carlill v. Carbolic Smoke Ball Company", decided in nineteenth-century England.
In "Carlill", a medical firm, advertised a smoke ball marketed as a wonder drug that would, according to the instructions, protect users from catching the flu. If it did not work, buyers would receive £100 and the company said that they had deposited £1,000 in the bank to show their good faith. When sued, Carbolic argued the ad was not to be taken as a serious, legally binding offer. It was merely an invitation to treat, and a gimmick (a "mere puff"). But the court of appeal held that it would appear to a reasonable man that Carbolic had made a serious offer, and determined that the reward was a contractual promise.
Third parties.
The doctrine of privity of contract means that only those involved in striking a bargain would have standing to enforce it. In general this is still the case, only parties to a contract may sue for the breach of a contract, although in recent years the rule of privity has eroded somewhat and third party beneficiaries have been allowed to recover damages for breaches of contracts they were not party to. In cases where facts involve third party beneficiaries or debtors to the original contracting party have been allowed to be considered parties for purposes of enforcement of the contract. A recent advance has been seen in the case law as well as statutory recognition to the dilution of the doctrine of privity of contract. The recent tests applied by courts have been the test of benefit and the duty owed test. The duty owed test looks to see if the third party was agreeing to pay a debt for the original party, and whereas the benefit test looks to see if circumstances indicate that the promisee intends to give the beneficiary the benefit of the promised performance. Any defense allowed to parties of the original contract extend to third party beneficiaries. A recent example is the UK's Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
Performance.
Performance varies according to the particular circumstances. While a contract is being performed, it is called an executory contract, and when it is completed it is an executed contract. In some cases there may be substantial performance but not complete performance, which allows the performing party to be partially compensated.
Uncertainty, incompleteness and severance.
If the terms of the contract are uncertain or incomplete, the parties cannot have reached an agreement in the eyes of the law. An agreement to agree does not constitute a contract, and an inability to agree on key issues, which may include such things as price or safety, may cause the entire contract to fail. However, a court will attempt to give effect to commercial contracts where possible, by construing a reasonable construction of the contract.
Courts may also look to external standards, which are either mentioned explicitly in the contract or implied by common practice in a certain field. In addition, the court may also imply a term; if price is excluded, the court may imply a reasonable price, with the exception of land, and second-hand goods, which are unique.
If there are uncertain or incomplete clauses in the contract, and all options in resolving its true meaning have failed, it may be possible to sever and void just those affected clauses if the contract includes a severability clause. The test of whether a clause is severable is an objective test—whether a reasonable person would see the contract standing even without the clauses.
Contractual terms.
A contractual term is "anprovision forming part of a contract". Each term gives rise to a contractual obligation, breach of which can give rise to litigation. Not all terms are stated expressly and some terms carry less legal weight as they are peripheral to the objectives of the contract.
Standard form contracts contain "boilerplate", which is a set of "one size fits all" contract provisions. However, the term may also narrowly refer to conditions at the end of the contract which specify the governing law provision, venue, assignment and delegation, waiver of jury trial, notice, and force majeure. Restrictive provisions in contracts where the consumer has little negotiating power ("contracts of adhesion") attract consumer protection scrutiny.
Classification of terms.
Contractual terms are classified differently depending upon the context or jurisdiction. Terms establish conditions precedent. English (but not necessarily non-English) common law distinguishes between important "conditions" and warranties, with a breach of a condition by one party allowing the other to repudiate and be discharged while a warranty allows for remedies and damages but not complete discharge. Whether or not a term is a "condition" is determined in part by the parties' intent. In a less technical sense, however, a condition is a generic term and a warranty is a promise. Not all language in the contract is determined to be a contractual term. Representations, which are often precontractual, are typically less strictly enforced than terms, and material misrepresentations historically was a cause of action for the tort of deceit. Warranties were enforced regardless of materiality; in modern United States law the distinction is less clear but warranties may be enforced more strictly. Statements of opinion may be viewed as "mere puff".
In specific circumstances these terms are used differently. For example, in English insurance law, violation of a "condition precedent" by an insured is a complete defense against the payment of claims. In general insurance law, a warranty is a promise that must be complied with. In product transactions, warranties promise that the product will continue to function for a certain period of time.
In the United Kingdom the courts determine whether a term is a condition or warranty; for example, an actress' obligation to perform the opening night of a theatrical production is a "condition", but a singer's obligation to rehearse may be a warranty. Statute may also declare a term or nature of term to be a condition or warranty; for example the Sale of Goods Act 1979 s15A provides that terms as to title, description, quality and sample are generally "conditions". The United Kingdom has also contrived the concept of an "intermediate term" (also called innominate), first established in "Hong Kong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd" .
Representations versus warranties.
Statements of fact in a contract or in obtaining the contract are considered to be either warranties or representations. Traditionally, warranties are factual promises which are enforced through a contract legal action, regardless of materiality, intent, or reliance. Representations are traditionally precontractual statements which allow for a tort-based action (such as the tort of deceit) if the misrepresentation is negligent or fraudulent; historically a tort was the only action available, but by 1778, breach of warranty became a separate legal contractual action. In U.S. law, the distinction between the two is somewhat unclear; warranties are viewed as primarily contract-based legal action while negligent or fraudulent misrepresentations are tort-based, but there is a confusing mix of case law in the United States. In modern English law, sellers often avoid using the term 'represents' in order to avoid claims under the Misrepresentation Act 1967, while in America 'warrants and represents' is relatively common. Some modern commentators suggest avoiding the words and substituting 'state' or 'agree', and some model forms do not use the words; however, others disagree.
Statements in a contract may not be upheld if the court finds that the statements are subjective or promotional puffery. English courts may weigh the emphasis or relative knowledge in determining whether a statement is enforceable as part of the contract. In the English case of "Bannerman v. White" the court upheld a rejection by a buyer of hops which had been treated with sulphur since the buyer explicitly expressed the importance of this requirement. The relative knowledge of the parties may also be a factor, as in English case of "Bissett v. Wilkinson" where the court did not find misrepresentation when a seller said that farmland being sold would carry 2000 sheep if worked by one team; the buyer was considered sufficiently knowledgeable to accept or reject the seller's opinion.
Implied terms.
A term may either be express or implied. An express term is stated by the parties during negotiation or written in a contractual document. Implied terms are not stated but nevertheless form a provision of the contract.
Terms implied in fact.
Terms may be implied due to the factual circumstances or conduct of the parties. In the Australian case of "BP Refinery Westernport v. Shire of Hastings" the UK Privy Council proposed a five stage test to determine situations where the facts of a case may imply terms. The classic tests have been the "business efficacy test" and the "officious bystander test". Under the "business efficacy test" first proposed in "The Moorcock" the minimum terms necessary to give business efficacy to the contract will be implied. Under the officious bystander test (named in "Southern Foundries (1926) Ltd v Shirlaw" [1940 but actually originating in "Reigate v. Union Manufacturing Co (Ramsbottom) Ltd" ), a term can only be implied in fact if an "officious bystander" listening to the contract negotiations suggested that the term be included the parties would promptly agree. The difference between these tests is questionable.
Terms implied in law.
Statutes or judicial rulings may create implied contractual terms, particularly in standardized relationships such as employment or shipping contracts. The Uniform Commercial Code of the United States also imposes an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing in performance and enforcement of contracts covered by the Code. In addition, Australia, Israel and India imply a similar good faith term through laws.
Most countries have statutes which deal directly with sale of goods, lease transactions, and trade practices. In the United States, prominent examples include, in the case of products, an implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and in the case of homes an implied warranty of habitability. In the United Kingdom, implied terms are created by the Sale of Goods Act 1979, the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 and the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982.
Setting aside the contract.
There can be four different ways in which contracts can be set aside. A contract may be deemed 'void', 'voidable', 'unenforceable' or 'ineffective'. Voidness implies that a contract never came into existence. Voidability implies that one or both parties may declare a contract ineffective at their wish. Kill fees are paid by magazine publishers to authors when their articles are submitted on time but are subsequently not used for publication. When this occurs, the magazine cannot claim copyright for the "killed" assignment. Unenforceability implies that neither party may have recourse to a court for a remedy. Ineffectiveness implies that the contract terminates by order of a court where a public body has failed to satisfy public procurement law. To rescind is to set aside or unmake a contract.
Misrepresentation.
Misrepresentation means a false statement of fact made by one party to another party and has the effect of inducing that party into the contract. For example, under certain circumstances, false statements or promises made by a seller of goods regarding the quality or nature of the product that the seller has may constitute misrepresentation. A finding of misrepresentation allows for a remedy of rescission and sometimes damages depending on the type of misrepresentation.
There are two types of misrepresentation: fraud in the factum and fraud in inducement. Fraud in the factum focuses on whether the party alleging misrepresentation knew they were creating a contract. If the party did not know that they were entering into a contract, there is no meeting of the minds, and the contract is void. Fraud in inducement focuses on misrepresentation attempting to get the party to enter into the contract. Misrepresentation of a material fact (if the party knew the truth, that party would not have entered into the contract) makes a contract voidable.
According to "Gordon v Selico" it is possible to misrepresent either by words or conduct. Generally, statements of opinion or intention are not statements of fact in the context of misrepresentation. If one party claims specialist knowledge on the topic discussed, then it is more likely for the courts to hold a statement of opinion by that party as a statement of fact.
Mistake.
A mistake is an incorrect understanding by one or more parties to a contract and may be used as grounds to invalidate the agreement. Common law has identified three different types of mistake in contract: common mistake, mutual mistake, and unilateral mistake.
Duress and undue influence.
Duress has been defined as a "threat of harm made to compel a person to do something against his or her will or judgment; esp., a wrongful threat made by one person to compel a manifestation of seeming assent by another person to a transaction without real volition." An example is in "Barton v Armstrong" in a person was threatened with death if they did not sign the contract. An innocent party wishing to set aside a contract for duress to the person need only to prove that the threat was made and that it was a reason for entry into the contract; the burden of proof then shifts to the other party to prove that the threat had no effect in causing the party to enter into the contract. There can also be duress to goods and sometimes, 'economic duress'.
Undue influence is an equitable doctrine that involves one person taking advantage of a position of power over another person through a special relationship such as between parent and child or solicitor and client. As an equitable doctrine, the court has discretion. When no special relationship exists, the question is whether there was a relationship of such trust and confidence that it should give rise to such a presumption. See "Odorizzi v. Bloomfield School District". 
Incapacity.
Sometimes the capacity of either natural or artificial persons to either enforce contracts, or have contracts enforced against them is restricted. For instance, very small children may not be held to bargains they have made, on the assumption that they lack the maturity to understand what they are doing; errant employees or directors may be prevented from contracting for their company, because they have acted "ultra vires" (beyond their power). Another example might be people who are mentally incapacitated, either by disability or drunkenness. In these cases the contract is either void or voidable.
Illegal contracts.
If based on an illegal purpose or contrary to public policy, a contract is "void". In the 1996 Canadian case of "Royal Bank of Canada v. Newell" a woman forged her husband's signature, and her husband signed agreed to assume "all liability and responsibility" for the forged checks. However, the agreement was unenforceable as it was intended to "stifle a criminal prosecution", and the bank was forced to return the payments made by the husband.
In the U.S., one unusual type of unenforceable contract is a personal employment contract to work as a spy or secret agent. This is because the very secrecy of the contract is a condition of the contract (in order to maintain plausible deniability). If the spy subsequently sues the government on the contract over issues like salary or benefits, then the spy has breached the contract by revealing its existence. It is thus unenforceable on that ground, as well as the public policy of maintaining national security (since a disgruntled agent might try to reveal "all" the government's secrets during his/her lawsuit). Other types of unenforceable employment contracts include contracts agreeing to work for less than minimum wage and forfeiting the right to workman's compensation in cases where workman's compensation is due.
Remedies for breach of contract.
Breach of contract is defined in the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 as: non-performance, [ ii poor performance, part-performance, or [iv performance which is substantially different from what was reasonably expected. Innocent parties may repudiate (cancel) the contract only for a major breach (breach of condition), but they may always recover compensatory damages, provided that the breach has caused foreseeable loss.
It was not possible to sue the Crown in the UK for breach of contract before 1948. However, it was appreciated that contractors might be reluctant to deal on such a basis and claims were entertained under a petition of right that needed to be endorsed by the Home Secretary and Attorney-General. S.1 Crown Proceedings Act 1947 opened the Crown to ordinary contractual claims through the courts as for any other person.
Damages.
There are several different types of damages.
Compensatory damages compensate the plaintiff for actual losses suffered as accurately as possible. They may be "expectation damages", "reliance damages" or "restitutionary damages". Expectation damages are awarded to put the party in as good of a position as the party would have been in had the contract been performed as promised. Reliance damages are usually awarded where no reasonably reliable estimate of expectation loss can be arrived at or at the option of the plaintiff. Reliance losses cover expense suffered in reliance to the promise. Examples where reliance damages have been awarded because profits are too speculative include the Australian case of "McRae v. Commonwealth Disposals Commission" which concerned a contract for the rights to salvage a ship. In "Anglia Television Ltd v. Reed" the English Court of Appeal awarded the plaintiff expenditures incurred prior to the contract in preparation of performance.
After a breach has occurred, the innocent party has a duty to mitigate loss by taking any reasonable steps. Failure to mitigate means that damages may be reduced or even denied altogether. However, Professor Michael Furmston has argued that "it is wrong to express (the mitigation) rule by stating that the plaintiff is under a duty to mitigate his loss", citing "Sotiros Shipping Inc v. Sameiet, The Solholt". If a party provides notice that the contract will not be completed, an anticipatory breach occurs.
Damages may be general or consequential. General damages are those damages which naturally flow from a breach of contract. Consequential damages are those damages which, although not naturally flowing from a breach, are naturally supposed by both parties at the time of contract formation. An example would be when someone rents a car to get to a business meeting, but when that person arrives to pick up the car, it is not there. General damages would be the cost of renting a different car. Consequential damages would be the lost business if that person was unable to get to the meeting, if both parties knew the reason the party was renting the car. However, there is still a duty to mitigate the losses the fact that the car was not there does not give the party a right to not attempt to rent another car.
To recover damages, a claimant must show that the breach of contract caused forceable loss. Hadley v. Baxendale established that the test of foreseeability is both objective and/or subjective. In other words, is it foreseeable to the objective bystander, and/or to the contracting parties, who may have special knowledge? On the facts of this case, where a miller lost production because a carrier delayed taking broken mill parts for repair, the court held that no damages were payable since the loss was foreseeable neither by the "reasonable man" nor by the carrier, both of whom would have expected the miller to have a spare part in store.
Specific performance.
There may be circumstances in which it would be unjust to permit the defaulting party simply to buy out the injured party with damages. For example where an art collector purchases a rare painting and the vendor refuses to deliver, the collector's damages would be equal to the sum paid.
The court may make an order of what is called "specific performance", requiring that the contract be performed. In some circumstances a court will order a party to perform his or her promise (an order of "specific performance") or issue an order, known as an "injunction", that a party refrain from doing something that would breach the contract. A specific performance is obtainable for the breach of a contract to sell land or real estate on such grounds that the property has a unique value. In the United States by way of the 13th Amendment to the United States Constitution, specific performance in personal service contracts is only legal ""as punishment for a crime whereof the criminal shall be dully convicted"."
Both an order for specific performance and an injunction are discretionary remedies, originating for the most part in equity. Neither is available as of right and in most jurisdictions and most circumstances a court will not normally order specific performance. A contract for the sale of real property is a notable exception. In most jurisdictions, the sale of real property is enforceable by specific performance. Even in this case the defenses to an action in equity (such as laches, the "bona fide" purchaser rule, or unclean hands) may act as a bar to specific performance.
Related to orders for specific performance, an injunction may be requested when the contract prohibits a certain action. Action for injunction would prohibit the person from performing the act specified in the contract.
Procedure.
In the United States, in order to obtain damages for breach of contract or to obtain specific performance or other equitable relief, the aggrieved injured party may file a civil (non-criminal) lawsuit in state court (unless there is diversity of citizenship giving rise to federal jurisdiction). If the contract contains a valid arbitration clause, the aggrieved party must submit an arbitration claim in accordance with the procedures set forth in the clause.
Many contracts provide that all disputes arising thereunder will be resolved by arbitration, rather than litigated in courts. Customer claims against securities brokers and dealers are almost always resolved by arbitration because securities dealers are required, under the terms of their membership in self-regulatory organizations such as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (formerly the NASD) or NYSE to arbitrate disputes with their customers. The firms then began including arbitration agreements in their customer agreements, requiring their customers to arbitrate disputes. On the other hand, certain claims have been held to be non-arbitrable if they implicate a public interest that goes beyond the narrow interests of the parties to the agreement (i.e., claims that a party violated a contract by engaging in illegal anti-competitive conduct or civil rights violations). Arbitration judgments may generally be enforced in the same manner as ordinary court judgments. However, arbitral decisions are generally immune from appeal in the United States unless there is a showing that the arbitrator's decision was irrational or tainted by fraud. Virtually all states have adopted the Uniform Arbitration Act to facilitate the enforcement of arbitrated judgments. Notably, New York State, where a sizable portion of major commercial agreements are executed and performed, has not adopted the Uniform Arbitration Act.
In England and Wales, a contract may be enforced by use of a claim, or in urgent cases by applying for an interim injunction to prevent a breach. Likewise, in the United States, an aggrieved party may apply for injunctive relief to prevent a threatened breach of contract, where such breach would result in irreparable harm that could not be adequately remedied by money damages.
Contract theory.
Contract theory is the body of legal theory that addresses normative and conceptual questions in contract law. One of the most important questions asked in contract theory is why contracts are enforced. One prominent answer to this question focuses on the economic benefits of enforcing bargains. Another approach, associated with Charles Fried, maintains that the purpose of contract law is to enforce promises. This theory is developed in Fried's book, "Contract as Promise." Other approaches to contract theory are found in the writings of legal realists and critical legal studies theorists.
More generally, writers have propounded Marxist and feminist interpretations of contract. Attempts at overarching understandings of the purpose and nature of contract as a phenomenon have been made, notably relational contract theory originally developed by U.S. contracts scholars Ian Roderick Macneil and Stewart Macaulay, building at least in part on the contract theory work of U.S. scholar Lon L. Fuller, while U.S. scholars have been at the forefront of developing economic theories of contract focussing on questions of transaction cost and so-called 'efficient breach' theory.
Another dimension of the theoretical debate in contract is its place within, and relationship to a wider law of obligations. Obligations have traditionally been divided into contracts, which are voluntarily undertaken and owed to a specific person or persons, and obligations in tort which are based on the wrongful infliction of harm to certain protected interests, primarily imposed by the law, and typically owed to a wider class of persons.
Recently it has been accepted that there is a third category, restitutionary obligations, based on the unjust enrichment of the defendant at the plaintiff's expense. Contractual liability, reflecting the constitutive function of contract, is generally for failing to make things better (by not rendering the expected performance), liability in tort is generally for action (as opposed to omission) making things worse, and liability in restitution is for unjustly taking or retaining the benefit of the plaintiff's money or work.
The common law describes the circumstances under which the law will recognise the existence of rights, privilege or power arising out of a promise.

</doc>
<doc id="19280546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280546" title="Harry F. Legg House">
Harry F. Legg House

The Harry F. Legg House is a house in the Elliot Park neighborhood just south of downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The house appears to have been built by a tract housing developer, and its style reflects that of houses for middle to upper-class professional families in the late 18th century. The house retains its Queen Anne architectural integrity, having been altered little since it was originally built. The interior woodwork may have come from "made to order" catalogs that were circulating around that time. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19280555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280555" title="Eva Fischer">
Eva Fischer

Eva Fischer (born 1920) is a Croatian Italian artist who works in oils, watercolours, engraving and lithography.
Life and work.
Eva was born in Daruvar (Croatia, then Yugoslavia), in 1920.
Her father, Leopold, Chief Rabbi, and noted Talmudist, was deported by the Nazis from Yugoslavia before the outbreak of World War II. Unfortunately, more than thirty members of Eva’s family were not so lucky and disappeared in the concentration camps.
Eva graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Lyon, just before the outbreak of war. She then returned to Beograd, in 1941, just in time to witness the barbaric Nazi bombardments over her city, without a war declaration, on Sunday 6 April that year. From this moment a tormented period of her life started, a period of constant fleeing, deprivations and very hard sacrifices.
Eva was interned with her mother and her younger brother in the Vallegrande concentration camp on the island of Korčula under the Italian administration. Luckily (as she recognized) this camp was not as terrible the Nazi camps. She was allowed to assist her sick mother with her brother in the Split hospital, where they received permission to be transferred to Bologna. There, in 1943, Eva Fischer was hidden with her family under the false name of Venturi. She often remembers that unlucky period of her life when, however, the good Italians tried to give help and solidarity to the persecuted people, in spite of the terrible dangers they were facing. At that time Wanda Varotti, Massimo Massei and many other members of the “Partito d’Azione” gave tremendous help to Eva.
At the end of the war Eva Fischer chose Rome as her adopted city and she adores it. At once she became a member of a group of artists on Via Margutta, and she became a very close friend with many of them. It was at that time, that she started her friendship with Mafai and Guttuso, Tot, Campigli, Fazzini, Carlo Levi, Capogrossi, Corrado Alvaro and so many others of that generation of artists, who had developed unlighted ideas, within the darkness of dictatorship.
She had an intense friendship with De Chirico, Mirko, Sandro Penna e Franco Ferrara, who was already a famous conductor. At that time she took long walks at night in Rome with Jacopo Recupero, Cagli, Avenali, Giuseppe Berto and Alfonso Gatto, and also with Maurice Druon, who was not yet the French Culture Minister and who was already writing the pages of “The great families”.
It was at that time that Salvador Dalí saw and fell in love with Eva’s “markets”, while the same Ehrenburg wrote about her “humble and proud bicycles”.
She met Pablo Picasso at the beautiful house of Luchino Visconti and they talked extensively about contemporary art and about the sudden urge that leads to creativity. Picasso pushed her to continue and to progress in the mysterious light of boats and Southern architectures.
Then Eva moved to Paris, where she lived for a long time in Saint Germain des Près. There she looked for Marc Chagall and later on she became one of his devout friends and a deep admirer. During this period Chagall was recounting to her his coloured dreams and the fascination of biblical tales. Zadkine gave a generous hospitality to Eva, admiring her courage for an intense and constructive research, and her fascination for a remarkable Middle European culture. At that time Eva Fischer created “Roman landscapes” with their transparencies and remoteness, as if time had somehow stopped on the ruins of the Eternal City.
Then the Madrid period came. In Madrid, in Juan Mordò’s studio, Eva Fischer’s paintings – finally exhibited in museums – were at the centre of debates between the Margutta artist and the Spanish painters, who were still fighting against Franco’s politics. Eva brought them the testimony of an art reborn in a free world, an art made of new, sometimes questionable attempts, but ready to face everybody’s criticism and judgement.
In the sixties, Eva Fischer was in London, where she exhibited in the Lefevre Gallery, the most exclusive Gallery in the “city” where the Italian painter Modigliani had been allowed to show his last one man exhibition. Lefevre Gallery exhibited Eva’s paintings especially for her “Mediterranean colours and the Italian spirit” of her canvases. Eva Fischer’s world is made of short trips, wherever her talent is called for: from Israel, where she painted the wonderful canvases of Jerusalem and Hebron (her stained glass in the Jewish Museum in Rome are very famous), to the United States, where she has numerous collectors and estimators (like the actors Humphrey Bogart, Lauren Bacall and Henry Fonda).
In 1992 the Italian composer Ennio Morricone, famed for movie soundtracks, composed music for one of Eva's exhibitions.
Now that Eva Fischer’s art is well known in the world, she talks about herself with an absolute modesty, typical of this brave and intelligent woman, who still keeps a clean and deep look in spite of men’s offences she suffered during those inhuman times. She doesn’t condemn those people with rage and revenge, but with the show of melancholic and grey paintings. She depicts the looks of astonished rather than dismayed men, and motionless children, faces frozen to the windows of trains of no return.

</doc>
<doc id="19280564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280564" title="Daniel Livermore">
Daniel Livermore

J. Daniel Livermore is a Canadian academic and historian who was formerly a foreign service officer in Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade.
Born in St. Catharines, Ontario, Livermore was educated in public schools in St. Catharines (Edith Cavell Public School and Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School). He obtained his B.A. in History and Politics from Brock University in 1969, his Master's from Carleton University in 1970, and his Ph.D. from Queen's University in 1975. He also did additional graduate work in international relations at Johns Hopkins University in Washington, D.C. In 1993-94 he was the Skelton-Clark Fellow and Senior Visiting Associate at the Centre for International Relations at Queen's University.
Livermore joined Canada's Department of External Affairs (as it was then known) in 1975. Over the course of the next thirty years he served in a variety of headquarters roles. He was the director of the Human Rights Division, the Peacekeeping and Regional Security Division, and the Policy Planning Staff. He was also seconded to the Privy Council Office. He served abroad at the Canadian Permanent Mission to the United Nations, New York, the Canadian Embassy, Santiago, Chile, and the Canadian Embassy, Washington, D.C., where he was Minister-Counsellor and head of the political section.
Between 1996 and 1999 he was Canada's ambassador to Guatemala and El Salvador. From 1999 to 2002 he was the Canadian ambassador for mine action, responsible for coordinating Canadian policy and action in the international campaign to ban landmines. Upon leaving that position, he was awarded the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal. The Canadian Landmine Foundation also cleared a 24,568 m2 landmine in Bosnia and Herzegovina in his honour.
Between 2002 and 2006 Livermore was Director General, Bureau of Security and Intelligence, in Foreign Affairs Canada. He retired from the Canadian foreign service in 2007.
He has published extensively in international relations and history. While at Queen's University in 1993-94, he published a monograph, "Human Rights in the New Europe".
Livermore is currently a Senior Fellow at the University of Ottawa’s Graduate School of Public and International Affairs, and a senior associate of Westboro Associates, an Ottawa consulting firm. He is also on the board of the Canadian Landmine Foundation and is a member of the leadership group of the Prostate Cancer Association of Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="19280565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280565" title="Malesia (moth)">
Malesia (moth)

Malesia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Malesia eugoana, which is found on Java and Borneo.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280569" title="Mallocephala">
Mallocephala

Mallocephala is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains only one species, Mallocephala rubripes, which is found in Chile.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280573" title="Mallodeta">
Mallodeta

Mallodeta is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280593" title="Economy of the Northern Mariana Islands">
Economy of the Northern Mariana Islands

The economy of the Northern Mariana Islands benefits substantially from financial assistance from the United States. The rate of funding has declined as locally generated government revenues have grown. An agreement for the years 1986 to 1992 entitled the islands to $228 million for capital development, government operations, and special programs. Since 1992, funding has been extended one year at a time. The Commonwealth received funding of $11 million for infrastructure, for FY96/97 through FY02/03, with an equal local match.
Tourism.
A rapidly growing chief source of income is the tourist industry, which now employs about half the work force. Japanese and Korean tourists predominate. The agricultural sector is of minor importance and is made up of cattle ranches and small farms producing coconuts, breadfruit, tomatoes, and melons.
Textile industry.
Garment production had until recently been the fastest growing industry with employment of 12,000 mostly Chinese workers and shipments of $1 billion to the United States in 1998 under duty and quota exemptions. This production is extremely controversial because goods produced in the North Marianas can be labelled ""Made in the U.S.A."", although not all American labor laws apply to the commonwealth leading to what critics charge as "sweatshop conditions" for imported, mostly Asian, workers.[http://www.hartford-hwp.com/archives/24/017.html] Among other companies, the teen clothing store Abercrombie & Fitch produces some of their clothing in the Northern Marianas and then sells them for high prices.
The garment industry is changing, though, and many of the garment factories are closing due to the lifting of WTO trade restrictions on Chinese imports. The industry was initially established in the Commonwealth because some U.S. labor and immigration laws do not apply within the CNMI — for example, the CNMI's minimum wage rate of $3.05 per hour (for most employment positions) is lower than the federal rate, which applies to most other areas of the United States. Additionally, the CNMI retains local control over customs and immigration enforcement, unlike in Guam.
In 2004 — and in response to a long and expensive class action lawsuit brought by garment workers against various clothing manufacturers — a Garment Oversight Board, aimed at protecting workers' rights, was created. These actions have reportedly resulted in improved conditions since the turn of the 20th to 21st century.
Statistics.
GDP.
GDP:
purchasing power parity - $524 million (1996 est.)
<br>"note:"
GDP numbers reflect US spending
GDP - real growth rate:
NA%
GDP - per capita:
purchasing power parity - $9,300 (1996 est.)
GDP - composition by sector:
<br>"agriculture:"
NA%
<br>"industry:"
NA%
<br>"services:"
NA%
Income.
Population below poverty line:
NA%
Household income or consumption by percentage share:
<br>"lowest 10%:"
NA%
<br>"highest 10%:"
NA%
Inflation rate (consumer prices):
6.5% (1994 est.)
Labor.
Labor force:
6,006 total indigenous labor force; 2,699 unemployed; 28,717 foreign workers (1995)
Labor force - by occupation:
managerial 20.5%, technical, sales 16.4%, services 19.3%, farming 3.1%, precision production 13.8%, operators, fabricators 26.9%
Unemployment rate:
14% (residents)
Budget:
<br>"revenues:"
$221 million
<br>"expenditures:"
$213 million, including capital expenditures of $17.7 million (1996)
Industry.
Industries:
tourism, construction, garments, handicrafts
Industrial production growth rate:
NA%
Electricity.
Electricity - production:
NA kWh
Electricity - production by source:
<br>"fossil fuel:"
100%
<br>"hydro:"
0%
<br>"nuclear:"
0%
<br>"other:"
0%
Electricity - consumption:
NA kWh
Electricity - exports:
NA kWh
Electricity - imports:
NA kWh
Agriculture.
Agriculture - products:
coconuts, fruits, vegetables, cattle
Exports/Imports.
Exports:
$1 billion (1998)
Exports - commodities:
garments
Exports - partners:
US
Imports:
$NA
Imports - commodities:
food, construction equipment and materials, petroleum products
Imports - partners:
US, Japan
Debt - external:
$NA
Economic aid - recipient:
$21.1 million (1995)
Currency.
Currency:
1 United States dollar (US$) = 100 cents
Exchange rates:
US currency is used
Fiscal year:
1 October - 30 September

</doc>
<doc id="19280599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280599" title="Half crown">
Half crown

Half crown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280607" title="Outline of economics">
Outline of economics

The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to economics:
Economics – analyzes the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services. It aims to explain how economies work and how economic agents interact.
Nature of economics.
Economics can be described as all of the following:
Types of economies.
An economy is the system of human activities related to the production, distribution, exchange, and consumption of goods and services of a country or other area.

</doc>
<doc id="19280623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280623" title="Felimare picta">
Felimare picta

Felimare picta is a species of colorful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Subspecies.
The subspecies of "Felimare picta" have yet to be renamed:
Distribution.
"Felimare picta" lives in rocky seabeds throughout the Mediterranean Sea (Greece), European waters (Spain, Portugal), the Eastern North Atlantic Ocean (Azores) and the Gulf of Mexico.
Type locality of "Felimare picta" is Palermo, Sicily.
Description.
This nudibranch grows to about 20 cm (8 inches) long and feeds on various sponges.
Habitat.
Minimum recorded depth is 0 m. Maximum recorded depth is 55 m.

</doc>
<doc id="19280624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280624" title="Sports in Baltimore">
Sports in Baltimore

Baltimore, Maryland has a long and storied sporting history encompassing many teams from many different eras. Area fans, such as the late Wild Bill Hagy, are known for their passion and reverence for historical sports figures who played in the city or were born there.
Among other sports, Baltimore is also known for horse racing. The Preakness Stakes is a 1-3/16 mile (1.91 km) American Grade I stakes race for three-year-old thoroughbred horses, held on the third Saturday in May each year at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore. The Preakness Stakes has been termed "The Run for the Black-Eyed Susans" because a blanket of Black-eyed Susans (Rudbeckia hirta, the state flower of Maryland) is traditionally placed around the winner's neck. The Preakness is the second leg in American thoroughbred racing's Triple Crown series and almost always attracts the Kentucky Derby winner, and some of the other horses that ran in the Derby.
Other professional teams.
Baltimore Bohemians, a USL PDL soccer franchise founded in 2011, finished second in the Mid-Atlantic division in 2013, clinching a playoff berth in their second season. The Bohemians also secured a U.S. Open Cup berth and led the entire 62-team PDL in scoring with 42 league goals.
Baltimore Blast, a franchise of the Major Indoor Soccer League, has been playing at the 1st Mariner Arena since 1992. Originally known as Baltimore Spirit, the team changed its name in 1998. The current name was previously used by another indoor soccer team that played in Baltimore from 1980 to 1992. Since joining the MISL in 2001, the Baltimore Blast have won six league championships: 2002, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2008 and 2012. 
Baltimore has two women's American football teams: the Baltimore Burn (founded 2001) and the Baltimore Nighthawks (founded 2007). Both teams play at Art Modell Field.
Defunct or relocated teams.
Football.
The Baltimore Stallions was an expansion professional football team that joined the Canadian Football League in 1994. It remained in Baltimore for two seasons before relocating to Montreal after the 1995 season to become the Montreal Alouettes. While playing for Baltimore, the team posted the best two season starts of any CFL expansion team ever, advancing to the Grey Cup in both seasons. In its final season in Baltimore, the Stallions became the only U.S. based CFL team to win the Grey Cup, upsetting the heavily favored Calgary Stampeders. 
The Baltimore Mariners, a franchise of the American Indoor Football Association, played at the 1st Mariner Arena from 2008 to 2010. After winning the AIFA championship to cap an undefeated season in 2010, the team folded over charges that owner Dwayne Wells purchased the franchise with embezzled funds.
College teams.
Division I.
In Baltimore City:
In Baltimore County:
Division III.
In Baltimore City:
In Baltimore County:

</doc>
<doc id="19280627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280627" title="John Lohmar House">
John Lohmar House

The John Lohmar House is a historic house in the Near North neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. It has several features common to Queen Anne style architecture, such as a wraparound Doric colonnade porch, a knob and spindle balustrade, and a bracketed cornice. Its owner, John Lohmar, was a merchant and milliner of German ancestry. Descendants of the original owner lived in the house until 1971 and preserved its original appearance as a single-family house. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19280633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280633" title="Wilfred Wellock">
Wilfred Wellock

Wilfred Wellock (2 January 1879 – 22 July 1972) was a socialist Gandhian and sometime Labour politician and MP.
He was imprisoned as a conscientious objector in the First World War.
He was elected at Member of Parliament (MP) for Member of Parliament (MP) for Stourbridge at a by-election in February 1927, having unsuccessfully contested the seat in 1923 and 1924. He was re-elected in 1929, but at the 1931 general election he was defeated by the Conservative Party candidate. Wellock stood again at the 1935 election, but did not regain his seat.
He was a prolific pamphleteer.
Wellock's work was admired by Aldous Huxley, who stated in his book
"Science, Liberty and Peace" that Wellock and Ralph Borsodi's
work constituted a "tiny piece of decentralist leaven" within the "whole large 
lump of contemporary society".

</doc>
<doc id="19280635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280635" title="Mannina">
Mannina

Mannina is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It consists of only one species Mannina hagnoleuca, which can be found in Mexico.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280639" title="Mantala">
Mantala

Mantala is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Mantala tineoides, which is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland and lower montane forests.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19280641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280641" title="List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2008">
List of UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2008

These are the "Official Charts Company" UK Rock Chart number-one singles of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19280644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280644" title="Eleanor Roosevelt">
Eleanor Roosevelt

Anna Eleanor Roosevelt (; October 11, 1884 – November 7, 1962) was the longest-serving First Lady of the United States, holding the post from 1933 to 1945 during her husband President Franklin D. Roosevelt's four terms in office. President Harry S. Truman later called her the "First Lady of the World" in tribute to her human rights achievements.
A member of the Roosevelt and Livingston families, Eleanor had an unhappy childhood, suffering the deaths of both parents and one of her brothers at a young age. At 15, she attended Allenwood Academy in London, and was deeply influenced by feminist headmistress Marie Souvestre. Returning to the US, she married her fifth cousin, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, in 1905. The Roosevelts' marriage was complicated from the beginning by Franklin's controlling mother, Sara and after discovering Franklin's affair with Lucy Mercer in 1918, Eleanor resolved to seek fulfillment in a public life of her own. She persuaded Franklin to stay in politics following his partial paralysis from polio, and began to give speeches and campaign in his place. After Franklin's election as Governor of New York, Eleanor regularly made public appearances on his behalf. She had also shaped the role of First Lady during her tenure and beyond.
Though widely respected in her later years, Roosevelt was a controversial First Lady for her outspokenness, particularly her stance on racial issues. She was the first presidential spouse to hold press conferences, write a syndicated newspaper column, and speak at a national convention. On a few occasions, she publicly disagreed with her husband's policies. She launched an experimental community at Arthurdale, West Virginia, for the families of unemployed miners, later widely regarded as a failure. She advocated for expanded roles for women in the workplace, the civil rights of African Americans and Asian Americans, and the rights of World War II refugees.
Following her husband's death, Eleanor remained active in politics for the rest of her life. She pressed the US to join and support the United Nations and became one of its first delegates. She served as the first chair of the UN Commission on Human Rights, and oversaw the drafting of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Later she chaired the John F. Kennedy administration's Presidential Commission on the Status of Women. By her death, she was regarded as "one of the most esteemed women in the world" and "the object of almost universal respect". In 1999, she was ranked in the top ten of Gallup's List of Most Widely Admired People of the 20th Century.
Personal life.
Early life.
Anna Eleanor Roosevelt was born at 56 West 37th Street in New York City, to socialites Elliott Bulloch Roosevelt (1860–1894) and Anna Rebecca Hall (1863–1892). From an early age, she preferred to be called by her middle name (Eleanor). Through her father, she was a niece of President Theodore "T.R." Roosevelt, Jr. (1858–1919). Through her mother, she was a niece of tennis champions Valentine Gill "Vallie" Hall III (1867–1934) and Edward Ludlow Hall (1872–1932). She acted in such an old-fashioned manner as a child that her mother nicknamed her "Granny".
Eleanor had two younger brothers: Elliott Bulloch Roosevelt, Jr. (1889–1893) and Gracie Hall Roosevelt (1891–1941). She also had a half brother, Elliott Roosevelt Mann (c. 1890–1941), through her father's affair with Katy Mann, a servant employed by the family. Roosevelt was born into a world of immense wealth and privilege, as her family was part of New York high society called the "swells".
Her mother died from diphtheria on December 7, 1892, and Elliott Jr. died of the same disease the following May. Her father, an alcoholic confined to a sanitarium, died on August 14, 1894 when he tried to jump from a window during a fit of delirium tremens. He survived the fall, but died from a seizure. Her brother Hall would also suffer from alcoholism. Eleanor's childhood losses left her prone to depression throughout her life.
After the deaths of her parents, Eleanor was raised in the household of her maternal grandmother, Mary Livingston Ludlow (1843–1919) of the Livingston family in Tivoli, New York. In his Pulitzer Prize-winning biography of Eleanor Roosevelt, Joseph P. Lash describes her in childhood as insecure and starved for affection, considering herself the "ugly duckling". However, Roosevelt wrote at 14 that one's prospects in life were not totally dependent on physical beauty: "no matter how plain a woman may be if truth and loyalty are stamped upon her face all will be attracted to her."
Roosevelt was tutored privately and, at the age of 15, with the encouragement of her aunt Anna "Bamie" Roosevelt, the family sent her to Allenswood Academy, a private finishing school outside London, England. Roosevelt attended the school from 1899 to 1902. The headmistress, Marie Souvestre, was a noted feminist educator who sought to cultivate independent thinking in young women. Souvestre took a special interest in Roosevelt, who learned to speak French fluently and gained self-confidence. Her first cousin Corinne Douglas Robinson, whose first term at Allenswood overlapped with Eleanor's last, said that when she arrived at the school, Eleanor was "'everything' at the school. She was beloved by everybody." Roosevelt wished to continue at Allenswood, but in 1902 was summoned home by her grandmother to make her social debut.
In 1902 at age 17, Roosevelt returned to the United States, ending her formal education, and was presented at a debutante ball at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel on December 14. She was later given her own "coming out party". Roosevelt was active with the New York Junior League shortly after its founding, teaching dancing and calisthenics in the East Side slums. The organization had been brought to Roosevelt's attention by her friend, organization founder Mary Harriman, and a male relative who criticized the group for "drawing young women into public activity".
Marriage and family life.
In the summer of 1902, Eleanor encountered her father's fifth cousin, Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882–1945), on a train to Tivoli, New York. The two began a secret correspondence and romance, and became engaged on November 22, 1903. Franklin's mother, Sara Ann Delano, opposed the union, and made him promise that the engagement would not be officially announced for a year. "I know what pain I must have caused you," Franklin wrote his mother of his decision. But, he added, "I know my own mind, and known it for a long time, and know that I could never think otherwise." Sara took her son on a Caribbean cruise in 1904, hoping that a separation would squelch the romance, but Franklin remained determined. The wedding date was set to accommodate President Theodore Roosevelt, who agreed to give the bride away.
Eleanor married Franklin on March 17, 1905 (St. Patrick's Day), in a wedding officiated by Endicott Peabody, the groom's headmaster at Groton School. The couple spent a preliminary honeymoon of one week at Hyde Park, then set up housekeeping in an apartment in New York. That summer they went on their formal honeymoon, a three-month tour of Europe.
Returning to the U.S., the newlyweds settled in New York City, in a house provided by Franklin's mother, as well as at the family's estate overlooking the Hudson River in Hyde Park, New York. From the beginning, Eleanor had a contentious relationship with her controlling mother-in-law. The townhouse Sara gave to Eleanor and Franklin was connected to her own by sliding doors, and Sara ran both households in the decade after the marriage. Early on, Eleanor had a breakdown in which she explained to Franklin that "I did not like to live in a house which was not in any way mine, one that I had done nothing about and which did not represent the way I wanted to live", but little changed. Sara also sought to control the raising of her grandchildren, and Eleanor reflected later that "Franklin's children were more my mother-in-law's children than they were mine". Eleanor's eldest son James remembered Sara telling her grandchildren, "Your mother only bore you, I am more your mother than your mother is."
Eleanor and Franklin had six children:
Despite becoming pregnant and giving birth six times, Eleanor disliked sex. She once told her daughter Anna that it was an "ordeal to be borne". She also considered herself ill-suited to motherhood, later writing, "It did not come naturally to me to understand little children or to enjoy them".
Unpacking a suitcase of Franklin's in September 1918, Eleanor discovered a bundle of love letters to him from her social secretary, Lucy Mercer. He had been contemplating leaving Eleanor for Lucy. However, following pressure from Franklin's political advisor Louis Howe and from his mother Sara, who threatened to disinherit her son if he divorced, Franklin remained married to Eleanor. However, the union from that point on was more of a political partnership. Disillusioned, Eleanor again became active in public life, and focused increasingly on her social work rather than her role as a wife, as she had for the previous decade.
In August 1921, the family was vacationing at Campobello Island, New Brunswick, when Franklin was stricken with polio, which permanently paralyzed his legs. When the extent of his disability became clear, Eleanor fought a protracted battle with her mother-in-law over his future, persuading him to stay in politics despite Sara's urgings that he retire and become a country gentleman. This proved a turning point in Eleanor and Sara's long-running struggle, and as Eleanor's public role grew, she increasingly broke from Sara's control. Tensions between Sara and Eleanor over her new political friends rose to the point that the family constructed a cottage, Val-Kill, which Eleanor and her guests lived in when Franklin and the children were away from Hyde Park.
Other relationships.
In the 1930s, Eleanor had a very close relationship with Associated Press (AP) reporter Lorena Hickok, who covered her during the last months of the presidential campaign and "fell madly in love with her". During this period, Roosevelt wrote daily ten- to fifteen-page letters to "Hick", who was planning to write a biography of the First Lady. The letters included such endearments as, "I want to put my arms around you & kiss you at the corner of your mouth," and "I can't kiss you, so I kiss your "picture" good night and good morning!" At Franklin's 1933 inauguration, Eleanor wore a sapphire ring Hickok had given her. Compromised as a reporter, Hickok soon resigned her position with the AP to be closer to Eleanor, who secured her a job as an investigator for a New Deal program.
Scholars including Lillian Faderman, Hazel Rowley and Maurine Beasley have said that the pair's relationship contained a sexual component, though this view is not universal. Hickok biographer Doris Faber argued that the seemingly amorous phrases had misled historians, while Doris Kearns Goodwin stated in her 1994 Pulitzer Prize-winning account of the Roosevelts that "whether Hick and Eleanor went beyond kisses and hugs" could not be determined with certainty. A 2011 "New York Times Book Review" essay on two new Roosevelt biographies stated, "That the Hickok relationship was indeed erotic now seems beyond dispute".
In the same years, Washington gossip linked Eleanor romantically with New Deal administrator Harry Hopkins, with whom she worked closely. Roosevelt also had a close relationship with a New York State Police sergeant, Earl Miller, whom her husband had assigned as her bodyguard. Roosevelt was 44 years old when she met Miller, 32, in 1929. He became her friend as well as official escort, taught her different sports, such as diving and riding, and coached her in tennis. Biographer Blanche Wiesen Cook writes that Miller was Eleanor's "first romantic involvement" in her middle years. Hazel Rowley concludes, "There is no doubt that Eleanor was in love with Earl for a time... But they are most unlikely to have had an 'affair'."
Eleanor's friendship with Miller happened at the same time as her husband's rumored relationship with his secretary, Marguerite "Missy" LeHand. Smith writes, "remarkably, both ER and Franklin recognized, accepted, and encouraged the arrangement... Eleanor and Franklin were strong-willed people who cared greatly for each other's happiness but realized their own inability to provide for it." Eleanor and Miller's relationship is said to have continued until her death in 1962. They are thought to have corresponded daily, but all letters have been lost. According to rumor, the letters were anonymously purchased and destroyed or locked away when she died.
In later years, Eleanor was said to have developed a romantic attachment to her physician, David Gurewitsch, though it was likely limited to a deep friendship.
Public life before the White House.
In the 1920 presidential election, Franklin was nominated as the Democratic vice presidential candidate with presidential candidate James M. Cox. Eleanor joined Franklin in touring the country, making her first campaign appearances. Cox and Roosevelt were defeated by Republican Warren G. Harding, who won with sixteen million votes to nine million.
Following the onset of Franklin's polio in 1921, Eleanor began serving as a stand-in for her incapacitated husband, making public appearances on his behalf, often carefully coached by Louis Howe. She also started working with the Women's Trade Union League (WTUL), raising funds in support of the union's goals: a 48-hour work week, minimum wage, and the abolition of child labor. Throughout the 1920s, Eleanor became increasingly influential as a leader in the New York State Democratic Party while Franklin used her contacts among Democratic women to strengthen his standing with them, winning their committed support for the future. In 1924, she campaigned for Alfred E. Smith in his successful re-election bid as governor of New York State. By 1928, Eleanor was promoting Smith's candidacy for president and Franklin's nomination as the Democratic Party's candidate for governor of New York, succeeding Smith. Although Smith lost the presidential race, Franklin won handily and the Roosevelts moved into the governor's mansion in Albany, New York. During Franklin's term as governor, Eleanor traveled widely in the state to make speeches and inspect state facilities on his behalf, reporting her findings to him at the end of each trip.
In 1927, she joined friends Marion Dickerman and Nancy Cook in buying the Todhunter School for Girls, a finishing school which also offered college preparatory courses, in New York City. At the school, Roosevelt taught upper-level courses in American literature and history, emphasizing independent thought, current events, and social engagement. She continued to teach three days a week while FDR served as governor, but was forced to leave teaching after his election as president.
First Lady of the United States (1933–1945).
Following FDR's inauguration on March 4, 1933, Eleanor became First Lady of the United States. Having known all of the twentieth century's previous First Ladies, she was seriously depressed at having to assume the role, which had traditionally been restricted to domesticity and hostessing. Her immediate predecessor, Lou Henry Hoover, had ended her feminist activism on becoming First Lady, stating her intention to be only a "backdrop for Bertie". Eleanor's distress at these precedents was severe enough that Hickok subtitled her biography of Roosevelt "Reluctant First Lady".
With support from Howe and Hickok, Roosevelt set out to redefine the position. In the process she became, according to her biographer Cook, "the most controversial First Lady in United States history". With her husband's strong support, despite criticism of them both, she continued with the active business and speaking agenda she had begun before becoming First Lady, in an era when few married women had careers. She was the first presidential spouse to hold press conferences and in 1940 became the first to speak at a national party convention. She also wrote a widely syndicated newspaper column, "My Day", another first. In the first year of FDR's tenure, determined to match his presidential salary, Eleanor earned $75,000 from her lectures and writing, most of which she gave to charity. By 1941, she was receiving lecture fees of $1,000.
Roosevelt maintained a heavy travel schedule in her twelve years in the White House, frequently making personal appearances at labor meetings to assure Depression-era workers that the White House was mindful of their plight. In one widely circulated cartoon of the time from "The New Yorker" magazine (June 3, 1933), an astonished coal miner, peering down a dark tunnel, says to a co-worker "For gosh sakes, here comes Mrs. Roosevelt!" 
In early 1933, the "Bonus Army", a protest group of World War I veterans, marched on Washington for the second time in two years, calling for their veteran bonus certificates to be awarded early. The previous year, President Herbert Hoover had ordered them dispersed, and the US Army cavalry charged and bombarded the veterans with tear gas. This time, Eleanor Roosevelt visited the veterans at their muddy campsite, listening to their concerns and singing army songs with them. The meeting defused the tension between the veterans and the administration, and one of the marchers later commented, "Hoover sent the Army. Roosevelt sent his wife."
Arthurdale.
Roosevelt's chief project during her husband's first two terms was the establishment of a planned community in Arthurdale, West Virginia. On August 18, 1933, at Hickok's urging, Roosevelt visited the families of homeless miners in Morgantown, West Virginia, who had been blacklisted following union activities. Deeply affected by the visit, Roosevelt proposed a resettlement community for the miners at Arthurdale, where they could make a living by subsistence farming, handicrafts, and a local manufacturing plant. She hoped the project could become a model for "a new kind of community" in the US, in which workers would be better cared for. Her husband enthusiastically supported the project.
After an initial, disastrous experiment with prefab houses, construction began again in 1934 to Roosevelt's specifications, this time with "every modern convenience", including indoor plumbing and central steam heat. Families occupied the first fifty homes in June, and agreed to repay the government in thirty years' time. Though Roosevelt had hoped for a racially mixed community, the miners insisted on limiting membership to white Christians. After losing a community vote, Roosevelt recommended the creation of other communities for the excluded black and Jewish miners. The experience motivated Roosevelt to become much more outspoken on the issue of racial discrimination.
Roosevelt remained a vigorous fundraiser for the community for several years, as well as spending most of her own income on the project. However, the project was criticized by both the political left and right. Conservatives condemned it as socialist and a "communist plot", while Democratic members of Congress opposed government competition with private enterprise. Secretary of the Interior Harold Ickes also opposed the project, citing its high per-family cost. Arthurdale continued to sink as a government spending priority for the federal government until 1941, when the US sold off the last of its holdings in the community at a loss.
Later commentators generally described the Arthurdale experiment as a failure. Roosevelt herself was sharply discouraged by a 1940 visit in which she felt the town had become excessively dependent on outside assistance. However, the residents considered the town a "utopia" compared to their previous circumstances, and many were returned to economic self-sufficiency. Roosevelt personally considered the project a success, later speaking of the improvements she saw in people's lives there and stating, "I don't know whether you think that is worth half a million dollars. But I do."
Civil rights activism.
Eleanor became an important connection for Franklin's administration to the African-American population during the segregation era. During Franklin's terms as President, despite his need to placate Southern sentiment, Eleanor was vocal in her support of the African-American civil rights movement. She concluded after her experience with Arthurdale and her inspections of New Deal programs in Southern states that New Deal programs were discriminating against African-Americans, who received a disproportionately small share of relief moneys. Eleanor became one of the only voices in the Roosevelt White House insisting that benefits be equally extended to Americans of all races.
Eleanor also broke with precedent by inviting hundreds of African American guests to the White House. When the black singer Marian Anderson was denied the use of Washington's Constitution Hall in 1939 by the Daughters of the American Revolution, Eleanor resigned from the group in protest and helped arrange another concert on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. Roosevelt later presented Anderson to the King and Queen of the United Kingdom after Anderson performed at a White House dinner. Roosevelt also arranged the appointment of African-American educator Mary McLeod Bethune, with whom she had struck up a friendship, as Director of the Division of Negro Affairs of the National Youth Administration. To avoid problems with the staff when Bethune would visit the White House, Eleanor would meet her at the gate, embrace her, and walk in with her arm-in-arm.
Eleanor also lobbied behind the scenes for the 1934 Costigan-Wagner Bill to make lynching a federal crime, including arranging a meeting between Franklin and NAACP president Walter Francis White. Fearing he would lose the votes of Southern congressional delegations for his legislative agenda, however, Franklin refused to publicly support the bill, which proved unable to pass the Senate. In 1942, Eleanor worked with activist Pauli Murray to persuade Franklin to appeal on behalf of sharecropper Odell Waller, convicted of killing a white farmer during a fight; though Franklin sent a letter to Virginia Governor Colgate Darden urging him to commute the sentence to life imprisonment, Waller was executed as scheduled.
Roosevelt's support of African-American rights made her an unpopular figure among whites in the South. Rumors spread of "Eleanor Clubs" formed by servants to oppose their employers and "Eleanor Tuesdays" on which African-American men would knock down white women on the street, though no evidence has ever been found of either practice. When race riots broke out in Detroit in June 1943, critics in both the North and South wrote that Roosevelt was to blame. At the same time, she grew so popular among African-Americans, previously a reliable Republican voting bloc, that they became a consistent base of support for the Democratic Party.
Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, Roosevelt spoke out against anti-Japanese prejudice, warning against the "great hysteria against minority groups". She also privately opposed her husband's Executive Order 9066, which forced Japanese-Americans in many areas of the US into internment camps. She was widely criticized for her defense of Japanese-American citizens, including a call by the "Los Angeles Times" that she be "forced to retire from public life" over her stand on the issue.
Use of media.
As an unprecedentedly outspoken First Lady, Roosevelt made far more use of the media than her predecessors had, holding 348 press conferences over the span of her husband's 12-year presidency. Inspired by her relationship with Hickok, Roosevelt placed a ban on male reporters attending the press conferences, effectively forcing newspapers to keep female reporters on staff in order to cover them. She only relaxed the rule once, on her return from her 1943 Pacific trip. Because the Gridiron Club banned women from its annual Gridiron Dinner for journalists, Roosevelt hosted a competing event for female reporters at the White House, which she called "Gridiron Widows".She was interviewed by many newspapers; the New Orleans journalist Iris Kelso described Mrs. Roosevelt as her most interesting interviewee ever.
In February 1933, just before Franklin assumed the presidency, Eleanor published an editorial in the "Women's Daily News" conflicting so sharply with his intended public spending policies that he published a rejoinder in the following issue. On entering the White House, she signed a contract with the magazine "Woman's Home Companion" to provide a monthly column, in which she answered mail sent to her by readers; the feature was canceled in 1936 as another presidential election approached. She continued her articles in other venues, publishing more than sixty articles in national magazines during her tenure as First Lady. Eleanor also began a syndicated newspaper column, titled "My Day", which appeared six days a week from 1936 to her death in 1962. In the column, she wrote about her daily activities but also her humanitarian concerns. Beasley has argued that Roosevelt's publications, which often dealt with women's issues and invited reader responses, represented a conscious attempt to use journalism "to overcome social isolation" for women by making "public communication a two-way channel".
World War II.
On May 10, 1940, Germany invaded Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands, marking the end of the relatively conflict-free "Phoney War" phase of World War II. As the US began to move toward war footing, Roosevelt found herself again depressed, fearing that her role in fighting for domestic justice would become extraneous in a nation focused on foreign affairs. She briefly considered traveling to Europe to work with the Red Cross, but was dissuaded by presidential advisers who pointed out the consequences should the president's wife be captured as a prisoner of war. She soon found other wartime causes to work on, however, beginning with a popular movement to allow the immigration of European refugee children. She also lobbied her husband to allow greater immigration of groups persecuted by the Nazis, including Jews, but fears of fifth columnists caused Franklin to restrict immigration rather than expanding it. Eleanor successfully secured political refugee status for eighty-three Jewish refugees from the S.S. "Quanza" in August 1940, but was refused on many other occasions. Her son James later wrote that "her deepest regret at the end of her life" was that she had not forced Franklin to accept more refugees from Nazism during the war.
Eleanor was also active on the homefront. Beginning in 1941, she co-chaired the Office of Civilian Defense (OCD) with New York City Mayor Fiorello H. LaGuardia, working to give civilian volunteers expanded roles in war preparations. She soon found herself in a power struggle with LaGuardia, who preferred to focus on narrower aspects of defense, while she saw solutions to broader social problems as equally important to the war effort. Though LaGuardia resigned from the OCD in December 1941, Eleanor was forced to resign following anger in the House of Representatives over high salaries for several OCD appointments, including two of her close friends.
In October 1942, Roosevelt toured England, visiting with American troops and inspecting British forces. Her visits drew enormous crowds and received almost unanimously favorable press in both England and the US. In August 1943, she visited American troops in the South Pacific on a morale-building tour, of which Admiral William Halsey, Jr. later said, "she alone accomplished more good than any other person, or any groups of civilians, who had passed through my area." For her part, Roosevelt was left shaken and deeply depressed by seeing the war's carnage. A number of Congressional Republicans criticized her for using scarce wartime resources for her trip, prompting Franklin to suggest that she take a break from traveling.
Roosevelt supported increased roles for women and African-Americans in the war effort, and began to advocate for factory jobs to be given to women a year before it became a widespread practice. In 1942, she urged women of all social backgrounds to learn trades, saying "if I were of a debutante age I would go into a factory–any factory where I could learn a skill and be useful". Learning of the high rate of absenteeism among working mothers, she also campaigned for government-sponsored day care. She notably supported the Tuskegee Airmen in their successful effort to become the first black combat pilots, visiting the Tuskegee Air Corps Advanced Flying School in Alabama. At her request, she flew with the Chief Flight Instructor Charles "Chief" Alfred Anderson for more than an hour, which had great symbolic value and brought visibility to Tuskegee's pilot training program.
After the war, Eleanor was a strong proponent of the Morgenthau Plan to de-industrialize Germany in the postwar period. In 1946, she attended the "National Conference on the German Problem", which issued a statement that "any plans to resurrect the economic and political power of Germany... dangerous to the security of the world".
Years after the White House.
Franklin died on April 12, 1945 after suffering a cerebral hemorrhage at Warm Springs, Georgia. Eleanor later learned that FDR's mistress, Lucy Mercer Rutherfurd, had been with him when he died, a discovery made more bitter by learning that her daughter Anna had also been aware of the ongoing friendship between the president and Rutherfurd. After the funeral, Eleanor packed and moved out of the White House, returning to Val-Kill. In instructions left for Eleanor in the event of his death, Franklin proposed turning over Hyde Park to the federal government as a museum, and she spent the following months cataloging the estate and arranging the transfer. After FDR's death, Eleanor moved into an apartment at 29 Washington Square West in Greenwich Village. In 1950, she rented suites at The Park Sheraton Hotel (202 West 56th Street). She lived here until 1953 when she moved to 211 East 62nd Street. When that lease expired in 1958, she returned to The Park Sheraton as she waited for the house she purchased with Edna and David Gurewitsch at 55 East 74th Street to be renovated. The Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum opened on April 12, 1946, setting a precedent for future presidential libraries.
United Nations.
In December 1945, U.S. President Harry S. Truman appointed Eleanor as a delegate to the United Nations General Assembly. In April 1946, she became the first chairperson of the preliminary United Nations Commission on Human Rights. Eleanor remained chairperson when the Commission was established on a permanent basis in January 1947. She played an instrumental role, along with René Cassin, John Peters Humphrey and others, in drafting the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR).
On the night of September 28, 1948, Eleanor spoke in favor of the Declaration, calling it "the international Magna Carta of all men everywhere". The Declaration was adopted by the General Assembly on December 10, 1948. The vote was unanimous except for eight abstentions: six Soviet Bloc countries as well as South Africa and Saudi Arabia. Roosevelt attributed the abstention of the Soviet bloc nations to Article 13, which provided the right of citizens to leave their countries.
Roosevelt also served as the first United States Representative to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and stayed on at that position until 1953, even after stepping down as chair of the Commission in 1951. The UN posthumously awarded her one of its first Human Rights Prizes in 1968 in recognition of her work.
Postwar politics.
In the late 1940s, Democrats in New York and throughout the country courted Roosevelt for political office.
Catholics comprised a major element of the Democratic Party in New York City. She supported reformers trying to overthrow the Irish machine Tammany Hall, and some Catholics called her anti-Catholic. In July 1949, Roosevelt had a bitter public disagreement with Cardinal Francis Spellman, the Archbishop of New York, over federal funding for parochial schools. Spellman said she was anti-Catholic, and supporters of both took sides in a battle that drew national attention and is "still remembered for its vehemence and hostility."
In 1954, Tammany Hall boss Carmine DeSapio led the effort to defeat Eleanor's son, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr., in the election for New York Attorney General. Eleanor grew increasingly disgusted with DeSapio's political conduct through the rest of the 1950s. Eventually, she would join with her old friends Herbert Lehman and Thomas Finletter to form the New York Committee for Democratic Voters, a group dedicated to opposing DeSapio's reincarnated Tammany Hall. Their efforts were eventually successful, and DeSapio was forced to relinquish power in 1961.
When President Truman backed New York Governor W. Averell Harriman, a close associate of DeSapio, for the 1952 Democratic presidential nomination, Roosevelt was disappointed. She supported Adlai Stevenson for president in 1952 and 1956 and urged his renomination in 1960. She resigned from her UN post in 1953, when Dwight D. Eisenhower became President. Although Roosevelt had reservations about John F. Kennedy for his failure to condemn McCarthyism, she supported him for president against Richard Nixon. Kennedy later reappointed her to the United Nations, where she served again from 1961 to 1962, and to the National Advisory Committee of the Peace Corps.
By the 1950s, Roosevelt's international role as spokesperson for women led her to stop publicly criticizing the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA), although she never supported it. In 1961, President Kennedy's undersecretary of labor, Esther Peterson proposed a new Presidential Commission on the Status of Women. Kennedy appointed Roosevelt to chair the commission, with Peterson as director; she died just before the commission issued its report. It concluded that female equality was best achieved by recognition of gender differences and needs, and not by an Equal Rights Amendment.
Throughout the 1950s, Roosevelt embarked on countless national and international speaking engagements; continued to pen her newspaper column; and made appearances on television and radio broadcasts. She averaged one hundred fifty lectures a year throughout the fifties, many devoted to her activism on behalf of the United Nations. In 1961, all volumes of Roosevelt's autobiography, which she had begun writing in 1937, were compiled into "The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt" (Da Capo Press, ISBN 0-306-80476-X).
Roosevelt received thirty-five honorary degrees, thirteen of which were from universities outside the US.
Death.
In April 1960, Roosevelt was diagnosed with aplastic anemia. In 1962, she was given steroids which activated a dormant case of bone marrow tuberculosis. Roosevelt died of resulting cardiac failure at her Manhattan home at 55 East 74th Street on the Upper East Side on November 7, 1962, at the age of 78.
President John F. Kennedy and former Presidents Truman and Eisenhower attended Roosevelt's funeral at Hyde Park. At the memorial service, Adlai Stevenson asked, "What other single human being has touched and transformed the existence of so many?" He further praised her by stating, "She would rather light a candle than curse the darkness, and her glow has warmed the world." She was buried next to Franklin at the family compound in Hyde Park, New York on November 10, 1962. After her death, the family deeded the family vacation home on Campobello Island to the governments of the U.S. and Canada and in 1964 they created the Roosevelt Campobello International Park.
The Eleanor Roosevelt Monument, in New York's Riverside Park, was dedicated in 1996. It is said to be the first monument to an American president's wife. The centerpiece is a statue sculpted by Penelope Jencks. The surrounding granite pavement contains inscriptions designed by the architect Michael Middleton Dwyer, including a summary of her achievements, and a quote from her 1958 speech at the United Nations advocating universal human rights.

</doc>
<doc id="19280671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280671" title="Lester B. Pearson">
Lester B. Pearson

Lester Bowles "Mike" Pearson, PC, OM, CC, OBE (23 April 1897 – 27 December 1972) was a Canadian professor, historian, civil servant, statesman, diplomat, and politician, who won the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1957 for organizing the United Nations Emergency Force to resolve the Suez Canal Crisis. He was the 14th Prime Minister of Canada from 22 April 1963 to 20 April 1968, as the head of two back-to-back Liberal minority governments following elections in 1963 and 1965.
During Pearson's time as Prime Minister, his Liberal minority governments introduced universal health care, student loans, the Canada Pension Plan, the Order of Canada, and the new Flag of Canada. Pearson also convened the Royal Commission on Bilingualism and Biculturalism, and he struggled to keep Canada out of the Vietnam War. In 1967, his government passed Bill C-168, which abolished capital punishment in Canada "de facto" - by restricting it to a few capital offenses for which it was never used, and which themselves were abolished in 1976. With these accomplishments, together with his groundbreaking work at the United Nations and in international diplomacy, Pearson is generally considered among the most influential Canadians of the 20th century. 
Early years.
Pearson was born in the town of Newtonbrook, Ontario, (now a part of Toronto), the son of Annie Sarah (née Bowles) and Edwin Arthur Pearson, a Methodist (later United Church of Canada) minister. He was the brother of Vaughan Whitier Pearson and Marmaduke Pearson.
Pearson graduated from Hamilton Collegiate Institute in Hamilton, Ontario, in 1913 at the age of 16. Later that same year, he entered Victoria College at the University of Toronto, where he lived in residence in Gate House and shared a room with his brother Duke. He was later elected to the Pi Gamma Mu social sciences honour society's chapter at the University of Toronto for his outstanding scholastic performance in history and sociology. Pearson was also a member of the Toronto chapter of Delta Upsilon Fraternity. A proud D.U., Pearson said of his fraternity experience, "The circumstances of fraternity life gave me a wonderful opportunity for exchanging and sharpening viewpoints; for stimulating interest and curiosity in a variety of subjects. These are essential to true education." He stayed involved with Delta Upsilon while in office as Prime Minister, attending multiple initiation ceremonies at the Toronto Chapter house. After Victoria College, Pearson won a scholarship to study at St John's College, Oxford.
Outstanding sportsman.
At University of Toronto, he became a noted athlete, excelling in rugby union, and also playing basketball. He later also played for the Oxford University Ice Hockey Club while on a scholarship at the University of Oxford, a team that won the first Spengler Cup in 1923. Pearson also excelled in baseball and lacrosse as a youth, played golf and tennis as an adult, and as a result had the most intense and wide-ranging sporting interests of any Canadian Prime Minister. His baseball talents were strong enough for a summer of semipro play with the Guelph Maple Leafs of the Ontario Intercounty Baseball League.
First World War.
When World War I broke out in 1914, Pearson volunteered for service as a medical orderly with the University of Toronto Hospital Unit. In 1915, he entered overseas service with the Canadian Army Medical Corps as a stretcher bearer with the rank of private, and was later commissioned as a lieutenant. During this period of service he spent two years in Egypt and in Greece. He also spent time in the Serbian Army as a corporal and a medical orderly. In 1917, Pearson transferred to the Royal Flying Corps, since the Royal Canadian Air Force did not exist at that time, where he served as a flying officer until being sent home with injuries from two accidents. Pearson learned to fly at an air training school in Hendon, England. He survived an aeroplane crash during his first flight.
In 1918, Pearson was hit by a bus in London during a citywide blackout and he was sent home to recuperate, but then he was discharged from the service. It was as a pilot that he received the nickname of "Mike", given to him by a flight instructor who felt that "Lester" was too mild a name for an airman. Thereafter, Pearson would use the name "Lester" on official documents and in public life, but was always addressed as "Mike" by friends and family.
Interwar years.
After the war, he returned to school, receiving his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Toronto in 1919. He was able to complete his degree after one more term, under a ruling in force at the time, since he had served in the military during the war. He then spent a year working in Hamilton and Chicago, in the meat-packing industry, which he did not enjoy. Upon receiving a scholarship from the Massey Foundation, he studied for two years at St John's College at the University of Oxford, where he received a B.A. degree with Second-Class honours in modern history in 1923, and the M.A. in 1925. After Oxford, he returned to Canada and taught history at the University of Toronto, where he also coached the Varsity Blues Canadian football team, and the Varsity Blues men's ice hockey team. In 1925, he married Maryon Moody (1901–89), who was one of his students at the University of Toronto. Together, they had one daughter, Patricia, and one son, Geoffrey.
Diplomat.
In 1927, after scoring the top marks on the Canadian foreign service entry exam, he then embarked on a career in the Department of External Affairs. Pearson was assigned to London in the late 1930s, and he served there during World War II from 1939 through 1942 as the second-in-command at Canada House, where he coordinated military supply and refugee problems, serving under High Commissioner Vincent Massey.
Pearson returned to Ottawa for a few months, where he was an assistant under secretary from 1941 through 1942. In June 1942 he was posted to the Canadian Embassy in Washington, D.C., as a ministerial counselor. He served as second-in-command for nearly two years. Promoted minister plenipotentiary, 1944, he became the second Canadian Ambassador to the United States on January 1, 1945. He remained in this position through September 1946.
Pearson had an important part in founding both the United Nations and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
During World War II, Pearson once served as a courier with the codename of "Mike." He went on to become the first director of signals intelligence.
Pearson nearly became the first Secretary-General of the United Nations in 1945, but this move was vetoed by the Soviet Union.
The Canadian Prime Minister, William Mackenzie King, tried to recruit Pearson into his government as the war wound down. Pearson felt honoured by King's approach, but he resisted at the time, due to his personal dislike of King's poor personal style and political methods. Pearson did not make the move into politics until a few years later, after King had announced his retirement as the Prime Minister of Canada.
Early political career.
In 1948, Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent appointed Pearson Secretary of State for External Affairs (foreign minister) in the Liberal government. Shortly afterward, he won a seat in the Canadian House of Commons, for the federal riding of Algoma East in northern Ontario.
Nobel Peace Prize.
In 1957, for his role in resolving the Suez Crisis through the United Nations, Pearson was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The selection committee claimed that Pearson had "saved the world", but critics accused him of betraying the motherland and Canada's ties with the UK. The United Nations Emergency Force was Pearson's creation, and he is considered the father of the modern concept of peacekeeping. Leaders of the United States, France, the Soviet Union, and the United Kingdom (for best example) all had vested interests in the natural resources around the Suez Canal. Pearson was able to organize these leaders by way of a five-day fly-around, and was by effect responsible for the development of the structure for the United Nations Security Council. His Nobel medal is on permanent display in the front lobby of the Lester B. Pearson Building, the headquarters of the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade in Ottawa.
Party leadership.
St. Laurent was defeated by the Progressive Conservatives under John Diefenbaker in the election of 1957. After just a few months as Leader of the Opposition, St. Laurent retired, and he endorsed Pearson as his successor. Pearson was elected leader of the Liberal Party at its leadership convention of 1958, defeating his chief rival, cabinet minister Paul Martin, Sr.
At his first parliamentary session as Opposition Leader, Pearson asked Diefenbaker to give power back to the Liberals without an election, because of a recent economic downturn. This strategy backfired when Diefenbaker showed a classified Liberal document saying that the economy would face a downturn in that year. This contrasted heavily with the Liberals' campaign promises of 1957.
Consequently, Pearson's party was badly routed in the federal election of 1958, losing over half their seats, while Diefenbaker's Conservatives won the largest majority ever seen in Canada to that point (208 of 265 seats). The election also cost the Liberals their stronghold in Quebec. This province had voted largely Liberal in federal elections since the Conscription Crisis of 1917, but Quebec had no favourite son leader, as it had had since 1948.
Pearson convened a significant "Thinkers' Conference" at Kingston, Ontario in 1960, which developed many of the ideas later implemented when he became the Prime Minister.
In the federal election of 1962, Pearson's party reset the Tories as minority government.
Not long after the election, Pearson capitalized on the Conservatives' indecision on accepting American nuclear warheads on Canadian BOMARC missiles. Defence Minister Douglas Harkness resigned from Cabinet on February 4, 1963, because of Diefenbaker's opposition to accepting the warheads. On the next day, the government lost two nonconfidence motions on the issue, forcing a national election. In that election, the Liberals took 129 seats to the Tories' 95. Despite winning 41 percent of the vote, the Liberals came up five seats short of a majority largely because of winning just three seats on the Prairies. With the support of the New Democratic Party, Pearson won enough support to form a minority government, and he was sworn in as the Prime Minister on April 22, 1963.
Prime Minister.
Pearson campaigned during the election promising "60 Days of Decision" and support for the BOMARC surface-to-air missile program. Pearson never had a majority in the Canadian House of Commons, but he brought in many of Canada's major updated social programs, including universal health care, the Canada Pension Plan, and Canada Student Loans, and he instituted a new national flag, the Maple Leaf flag. He also instituted the 40-hour work week, two weeks vacation time, and a new minimum wage.
On 15 January 1964, Pearson became the first Canadian Prime Minister to make an official state visit to France.
Pearson signed the Canada-United States Automotive Agreement (or Auto Pact) in January 1965, and unemployment fell to its lowest rate in over a decade. While in office, Pearson declined U.S. requests to send Canadian combat troops into the Vietnam War. Pearson spoke at Temple University in Philadelphia on April 2, 1965, while visiting the United States and voiced his support for a pause in the American bombing of North Vietnam, so that a diplomatic solution to the crisis may unfold. To President Lyndon B. Johnson, this criticism of American foreign policy on American soil was an intolerable sin. Before Pearson had finished his speech, he was summoned to Camp David, Maryland, to meet with Johnson the next day. Johnson, who was notorious for his personal touch in politics, reportedly grabbed Pearson by the lapels and shouted, "Don't you come into my living room and piss on my rug."
Pearson later recounted that the meeting was acrimonious, but insisted the two parted cordially. After this incident, L.B.J. and Pearson did have further contacts, including two more meetings together, both times in Canada as the United States relied on Canada's raw materials and resources to fuel and sustain its efforts in the Vietnam War. Canadians who were alive at the time often remember the Pearson years as a time when Canadian-American relations greatly improved.
Pearson also started a number of Royal Commissions, including the Royal Commission on the Status of Women and the Royal Commission on Bilingualism and Biculturalism. These suggested changes that helped create legal equality for women, and brought official bilingualism into being. After Pearson's term in office, French was made an official language, and the Canadian government provided services in both English and French. Pearson himself had hoped that he would be the last unilingual Prime Minister of Canada and fluency in both English and French became an unofficial requirement for candidates for Prime Minister after Pearson left office.
Pearson's government endured significant controversy in Canada's military services throughout the mid-1960s, following the tabling of the White Paper on Defence in March 1964. This document laid out a plan to merge the Royal Canadian Navy, the Royal Canadian Air Force, and the Canadian Army to form a single service called the Canadian Forces. Military unification took effect on 1 February 1968, when "The Canadian Forces Reorganization Act" received Royal Assent.
Pearson has been credited with instituting the world's first race-free immigration system. Credit for who created the policy, however, is disputed, and likely should be shared with John Diefenbaker. Diefenbaker's government in 1962 introduced a new race-free policy; however, under the 1962 policy, Americans were still given an advantage. It was in 1967 that Pearson introduced a discrimination-free points-based system which encouraged immigration to Canada, a forerunner of the system still in place today.
Pearson also oversaw Canada's centennial celebrations in 1967 before retiring. The Canadian news agency, The Canadian Press, named him "Newsmaker of the Year" that year, citing his leadership during the centennial celebrations, which brought the Centennial Flame to Parliament Hill.
Also in 1967, the President of France, Charles de Gaulle, made a visit to Quebec. During that visit, de Gaulle was a staunch advocate of Quebec separatism, even going so far as to say that his procession in Montreal reminded him of his return to Paris after it was freed from the Nazis during the Second World War. President de Gaulle also gave his "Vive le Québec libre" speech during the visit. Given Canada's efforts in aid of France during both world wars, Pearson was enraged. He rebuked de Gaulle in a speech the following day, remarking that "Canadians do not need to be liberated" and making it clear that de Gaulle was no longer welcome in Canada. The French President returned to his home country and would never visit Canada again.
Supreme Court appointments.
Pearson chose the following jurists to be appointed as justices of the Supreme Court of Canada by the Governor General:
Retirement.
After his announcement on 14 December 1967, that he was retiring from politics, a leadership convention was held. Pearson's successor was Pierre Trudeau, whom Pearson had recruited and made Minister of Justice in his cabinet. Trudeau later became Prime Minister, and two other cabinet ministers Pearson had recruited, John Turner and Jean Chrétien, served as prime ministers in the years following Trudeau's retirement. Paul Martin Jr., the son of Pearson's minister of external affairs, Paul Martin Sr., also went on to become prime minister.
Pearson served as Chairman of the Commission on International Development (the Pearson Commission) which was sponsored by the World Bank from 1968-69. Immediately following his retirement, he lectured in History and Political Science at Carleton University while writing his memoirs. From 1970 to 1972 he served as the first Chairman of the Board of Governors of the International Development Research Centre. He then served as Chancellor of Carleton University in Ottawa from 1969 until his death in 1972. Pearson is buried at MacLaren Cemetery in Wakefield, Quebec (just north of Gatineau), next to his close External Affairs colleagues H. H. Wrong and Norman Robertson.
Honours and awards.
Order of Canada Citation.
Pearson was appointed a Companion of the Order of Canada on 28 June 1968. His citation reads:
Former Prime Minister of Canada. For his services to Canada at home and abroad.
Honorary degrees.
Lester B. Pearson received Honorary Degrees from 48 Universities, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19280676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280676" title="Kingdom of the Canary Islands">
Kingdom of the Canary Islands

The Kingdom of the Canary Islands was founded in 1402/1404, although it had always recognized another country as their overlord. Its purpose was probably entirely to conquer the Canaries, and to eventually be fully incorporated into the Crown of Castile when complete.
First contact by Europeans.
Besides earlier contact, one of the first known Europeans to have encountered the Canaries was the Genoan navigator Lancelotto Malocello. He arrived on the island of Lanzarote, (which was probably named after him), in 1312 and stayed for almost two decades until he was expelled during a revolt by the native Guanche under the leadership of their king Zonzamas.
Conquest.
The conquest of the Canaries was started in 1402 by French-Norman explorer Jean de Béthencourt. He had set sail from France one year earlier with a small army. He started the conquest in a rather friendly way by taking over the island of Lanzarote with the help of the locals. They would soon also take Fuerteventura and El Hierro. Their present king Guadarfia was the grandson of Zonzamas, who was king when Lancelotto Malocello had visited the island earlier. 
When Béthencourt left the island for reinforcements from Castile, unrest broke out because of fighting between Norman officer Gadifer de la Salle and Berthin, in which the natives had been involved. However, Béthencourt managed to calm the situation when he returned, and the Guanche leader was baptized on February 27, 1404, thus surrendering to the Europeans. Subsequently Jean de Béthencourt was proclaimed king of the Canaries by Pope Innocent VII, even though he recognized the Castilians as overlords. The remaining islands, La Gomera, Gran Canaria, Tenerife and La Palma, were gradually conquered over the course of a century or so.
Jean de Béthencourt was, after his death, succeeded by his nephew Maciot de Béthencourt, who turned out to be a tyrant. He established Teguise as the new capital. The Portuguese had been competing with the Castilians for the islands. The Castilians suspected that Maciot would sell the islands to them, which he did in 1448. Neither the natives nor the Castilians approved, and this led to a revolt which lasted until 1459 when the Portuguese were forced to leave. Portugal formally recognised Castile as the ruler of the Canary Islands in 1479 as part of the Treaty of Alcáçovas.
The military governor Alonso Fernández de Lugo finally conquered the islands of La Palma in (1492–1493) and Tenerife in (1494–1496) for the Crown of Castile, thus completing the conquest of the island group.

</doc>
<doc id="19280679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280679" title="Pilar Bayona Piano Competition">
Pilar Bayona Piano Competition

The Pilar Bayona Piano Competition was a piano competition held in Zaragoza in memory of pianist Pilar Bayona (1897-1979). It was dissolved in 2004 and converted into a series of grants for Aragonese musicians. It was a member of the World Federation of International Music Competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19280734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280734" title="Liberalism">
Liberalism

Liberalism is a political philosophy or worldview founded on ideas of liberty and equality. Liberals espouse a wide array of views depending on their understanding of these principles, but generally they support ideas such as free and fair elections, civil rights, freedom of the press, freedom of religion, free trade, and private property.
Liberalism first became a distinct political movement during the Age of Enlightenment, when it became popular among philosophers and economists in the Western world. Liberalism rejected the notions, common at the time, of hereditary privilege, state religion, absolute monarchy, and the Divine Right of Kings. The 17th century philosopher John Locke is often credited with founding liberalism as a distinct philosophical tradition. Locke argued that each man has a natural right to life, liberty and property and according to the social contract, governments must not violate these rights. Liberals opposed traditional conservatism and sought to replace absolutism in government with representative democracy and the rule of law.
The revolutionaries of the Glorious Revolution, American Revolution, segments of the French Revolution, and other liberal revolutionaries from that time used liberal philosophy to justify the armed overthrow of what they saw as tyrannical rule. The nineteenth century saw liberal governments established in nations across Europe, Spanish America, and North America. In this period, the dominant ideological opponent of liberalism was classical conservatism.
During the twentieth century, liberal ideas spread even further, as liberal democracies found themselves on the winning side in both world wars. Liberalism also survived major ideological challenges from new opponents, such as fascism and communism. In Europe and North America, there was also the rise of "social liberalism", which is related with social democracy in Europe. As such, the meaning of the word "liberalism" began to diverge in different parts of the world. According to the Encyclopedia Britannica, "In the United States, liberalism is associated with the welfare-state policies of the New Deal program of the Democratic administration of Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt, whereas in Europe it is more commonly associated with a commitment to limited government and "laissez-faire" economic policies." Consequently in the U.S., the ideas of individualism and "laissez-faire" economics previously associated with classical liberalism, became the basis for the emerging school of "right wing libertarian" thought.
Today, liberal political parties remain a political force with varying degrees of power and influence on many countries (see Liberalism by country).
Etymology and definition.
Words such as "liberal", "liberty", "libertarian", and "libertine" all trace their history to the Latin "liber", which means "free". One of the first recorded instances of the word "liberal" occurs in 1375, when it was used to describe the "liberal arts" in the context of an education desirable for a free-born man. The word's early connection with the classical education of a medieval university soon gave way to a proliferation of different denotations and connotations. "Liberal" could refer to "free in bestowing" as early as 1387, "made without stint" in 1433, "freely permitted" in 1530, and "free from restraint"—often as a pejorative remark—in the 16th and the 17th centuries.
In 16th century England, "liberal" could have positive or negative attributes in referring to someone's generosity or indiscretion. In "Much Ado About Nothing", Shakespeare wrote of "a liberal villaine" who "hath...confest his vile encounters". With the rise of the Enlightenment, the word acquired decisively more positive undertones, being defined as "free from narrow prejudice" in 1781 and "free from bigotry" in 1823. In 1815, the first use of the word "liberalism" appeared in English. By the middle of the 19th century, "liberal" started to be used as a politicised term for parties and movements all over the world.
History.
Beginnings.
Isolated strands of liberal thought that had existed in Western philosophy since the Ancient Greeks, began to coalesce at the time of the English Civil War. Disputes between the Parliament and King Charles I over political supremacy sparked a massive civil war in the 1640s, which culminated in Charles' execution and the establishment of a Republic. In particular, the Levellers, a radical political movement of the period, published their manifesto "Agreement of the People" which advocated popular sovereignty, an extended voting suffrage, religious tolerance and equality before the law. Many of the liberal concepts of Locke were foreshadowed in the radical ideas that were freely aired at the time.
Algernon Sidney was second only to John Locke in his influence on liberal political thought in eighteenth-century Britain. He believed that absolute monarchy was a great political evil, and his major work, "Discourses Concerning Government", argued that the subjects of the monarch were entitled by right to share in the government through advice and counsel.
These ideas were first drawn together and systematised as a distinct ideology, by the English philosopher John Locke, generally regarded as the father of modern liberalism. Locke developed the then radical notion that government acquires consent from the governed which has to be constantly present for the government to remain legitimate. His influential "Two Treatises" (1690), the foundational text of liberal ideology, outlined his major ideas. His insistence that lawful government did not have a supernatural basis was a sharp break with then dominant theories of governance.
Locke also defined the concept of the separation of church and state. Based on the social contract principle, Locke argued that there was a natural right to the liberty of conscience, which he argued must therefore remain protected from any government authority. He also formulated a general defence for religious toleration in his "Letters Concerning Toleration". Locke was influenced by the liberal ideas of John Milton, who was a staunch advocate of freedom in all its forms. Milton argued for disestablishment as the only effective way of achieving broad toleration. In his "Areopagitica", Milton provided one of the first arguments for the importance of freedom of speech - "the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties".
Glorious Revolution.
The impact of these ideas steadily increased during the 17th century in England, culminating in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 which enshrined parliamentary sovereignty and the right of revolution, and led to the establishment of what many consider the first modern, liberal state. Significant legislative milestones in this period included the Habeas Corpus Act of 1679 which strengthened the convention that forbade detention lacking sufficient cause or evidence. The Bill of Rights formally established the supremacy of the law and of parliament over the monarch and laid down basic rights for all Englishmen. The Bill made royal interference with the law and with elections to parliament illegal, made the agreement of parliament necessary for the implementation of any new taxes and outlawed the maintenance of a standing army during peacetime without parliament's consent. The right to petition the monarch was granted to everyone and "cruel and unusual" punishments were made illegal under all circumstances.
This was followed a year later with the Act of Toleration, which drew its ideological content from John Locke's four letters advocating religious toleration. The Act allowed freedom of worship to Nonconformists who pledged oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to the Anglican Church. In 1695, the Commons refused to renew the Licensing of the Press Act 1662, leading to a continuous period of unprecedented freedom of the press.
Era of enlightenment.
The development of liberalism continued throughout the 18th century with the burgeoning Enlightenment ideals of the era. This was a period of profound intellectual vitality that questioned old traditions and influenced several European monarchies throughout the 18th century.
In contrast to England, the French experience in the 18th century was characterised by the perpetuation of feudalism and absolutism. Ideas that challenged the status quo were often harshly repressed. Most of the philosophes of the French Enlightenment were progressive in the liberal sense and advocated the reform of the French system of government along more constitutional and liberal lines.
Baron de Montesquieu wrote a series of highly influential works in the early 18th century, including "Persian letters" (1717) and "The Spirit of the Laws" (1748). The latter exerted tremendous influence, both inside and outside of France. Montesquieu pleaded in favor of a constitutional system of government, the preservation of civil liberties and the law, and the idea that political institutions ought to reflect the social and geographical aspects of each community. In particular, he argued that political liberty required the separation of the powers of government. Building on John Locke's "Second Treatise of Government", he advocated that the executive, legislative, and judicial functions of government should be assigned to different bodies. He also emphasised the importance of a robust due process in law, including the right to a fair trial, the presumption of innocence and proportionality in the severity of punishment.
Another important figure of the French enlightenment was Voltaire. Initially believing in the constructive role an enlightened monarch could play in improving the welfare of the people, he eventually came to a new conclusion: "It is up to us to cultivate our garden". His most polemical and ferocious attacks on intolerance and religious persecutions indeed began to appear a few years later. Despite much persecution, Voltaire remained a courageous polemicist who indefatigably fought for civil rights—the right to a fair trial and freedom of religion—and who denounced the hypocrisies and injustices of the "Ancien Régime".
American revolution.
Tensions between the British and the American colonies grew after the Seven Years War over the issue of taxation without representation, culminating in the latter's decision to declare independence and face the consequences.
The Declaration of Independence, written by Thomas Jefferson, echoed Locke convincingly: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness". The American Revolution formally concluded in 1783 with the Treaty of Paris, in which the British recognised American independence. After the war, the colonies debated about how to move forward. Their first attempt at cooperation transpired under the Articles of Confederation, which were eventually regarded as too inadequate to provide security, or even a functional government. The colonies held a Constitutional Convention in 1787 to resolve the problems stemming from the Articles of Confederation. The resulting Constitution of the United States was a monumental document in American history and in world history as well.
In the context of the times, the Constitution was a revolutionary and liberal document. It established a republic with clear separation of the executive, the legislative, and the judicial. The first ten amendments to the constitution, known as the United States Bill of Rights, guaranteed some of the natural rights liberal thinkers used to justify the Revolution.
French revolution.
Three years into the French Revolution, German writer Johann von Goethe reportedly told the defeated Prussian soldiers after the Battle of Valmy that "from this place and from this time forth commences a new era in world history, and you can all say that you were present at its birth". Historians widely regard the Revolution as one of the most important events in human history. The Revolution is often seen as marking the "dawn of the modern era," and its convulsions are widely associated with "the triumph of liberalism".
The French Revolution began in 1789 with the convocation of the Estates-General in May. The first year of the Revolution witnessed members of the Third Estate proclaiming the Tennis Court Oath in June, the Storming of the Bastille in July, the passage of the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen in August, and an epic march on Versailles that forced the royal court back to Paris in October.
The rise of Napoleon in 1799, heralded a reverse of many of the revolutionary gains, as the ex-army general restored much of the ancien regime and assumed dictatorial powers.
During the Napoleonic Wars, the Grande Armée brought to the rest of the European continent the liquidation of the feudal system, the liberalisation of property laws, the end of seigneurial dues, the abolition of guilds, the legalisation of divorce, the disintegration of Jewish ghettos, the collapse of the Inquisition, the permanent destruction of the Holy Roman Empire, the elimination of church courts and religious authority, the establishment of the metric system, and equality under the law for all men.
Radicalism.
The radical liberal movement began in the 1790s in England and concentrated on parliamentary and electoral reform, emphasising natural rights and popular sovereignty. Thomas Paine's "The Rights of Man" (1791) provoked a response from Burke, with his conservative essay "Reflections on the Revolution in France". The ensuing Revolution Controversy featured, among others, Mary Wollstonecraft, who followed with an early feminist tract "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman". Radicals encouraged mass support for democratic reform along with rejection of the monarchy, aristocracy, and all forms of privilege.
The Reform Act 1832 was put through with the support of public outcry, mass meetings of "political unions" and riots in some cities. This now enfranchised the middle classes, but failed to meet radical demands. Following the Reform Act the mainly aristocratic Whigs in the House of Commons were joined by a small number of parliamentary Radicals, as well as an increased number of middle class Whigs. By 1839 they were informally being called "the Liberal party. The Liberals produced one of the greatest British prime ministers—William Gladstone, who was also known as the "Grand Old Man" and was the towering political figure of liberalism in the 19th century. Under Gladstone, the Liberals reformed education, disestablished the Church of Ireland, and introduced the secret ballot for local and parliamentary elections.
Liberal economic theory.
The development into maturity of classical liberalism took place before and after the French Revolution in Britain, and was based on the following core concepts: classical economics, free trade, laissez-faire government with minimal intervention and taxation and a balanced budget. Classical liberals were committed to individualism, liberty and equal rights. The primary intellectual influences on 19th century liberal trends were those of Adam Smith and the classical economists, and Jeremy Bentham and John Stuart Mill.
Adam Smith's "The Wealth of Nations", published in 1776, was to provide most of the ideas of economics, at least until the publication of J. S. Mill's "Principles" in 1848. Smith addressed the motivation for economic activity, the causes of prices and the distribution of wealth, and the policies the state should follow in order to maximise wealth.
Smith wrote that as long as supply, demand, prices, and competition were left free of government regulation, the pursuit of material self-interest, rather than altruism, would maximise the wealth of a society through profit-driven production of goods and services. An "invisible hand" directed individuals and firms to work toward the nation's good as an unintended consequence of efforts to maximise their own gain. This provided a moral justification for the accumulation of wealth, which had previously been viewed by some as sinful.
His main emphasis was on the benefit of free internal and international trade, which he thought could increase wealth through specialisation in production. He also opposed restrictive trade preferences, state grants of monopolies, and employers' organisations and trade unions. Government should be limited to defence, public works and the administration of justice, financed by taxes based on income.
Utilitarianism provided the political justification for the implementation of economic liberalism by British governments, which was to dominate economic policy from the 1830s. Although utilitarianism prompted legislative and administrative reform and John Stuart Mill's later writings on the subject foreshadowed the welfare state, it was mainly used as a justification for laissez-faire. The central concept of utilitarianism, which was developed by Jeremy Bentham, was that public policy should seek to provide "the greatest happiness of the greatest number". While this could be interpreted as a justification for state action to reduce poverty, it was used by classical liberals to justify inaction with the argument that the net benefit to all individuals would be higher. His philosophy proved to be extremely influential on government policy and led to increased Benthamite attempts at government social control, including Robert Peel's Metropolitan Police, prison reforms, the workhouses and asylums for the mentally ill.
The repeal of the Corn Laws in 1846 was a watershed moment and encapsulated the triumph of free trade and liberal economics. The Anti-Corn Law League brought together a coalition of liberal and radical groups in support of free trade under the leadership of Richard Cobden and John Bright, who opposed militarism and public expenditure. Their policies of low public expenditure and low taxation were later adopted by the liberal chancellor of the exchequer and later prime minister, William Ewart Gladstone. Although classical liberals aspired to a minimum of state activity, they eventually accepted the principle of government intervention in the economy from the early 19th century with the passage of the Factory Acts.
Spread of liberalism.
Abolitionist and suffrage movements spread, along with representative and democratic ideals. France established an enduring republic in the 1870s, and a vicious war in the United States ensured the integrity of the nation and the abolition of slavery in the south. Meanwhile, a mixture of liberal and nationalist sentiment in Italy and Germany brought about the unification of the two countries in the late 19th century. Liberal agitation in Latin America led to independence from the imperial power of Spain and Portugal.
In France, the July Revolution of 1830, orchestrated by liberal politicians and journalists, removed the Bourbon monarchy and inspired similar uprisings elsewhere in Europe. Frustration with the pace of political progress in the early 19th century sparked even more gigantic revolutions in 1848. Revolutions spread throughout the Austrian Empire, the German states, and the Italian states. Governments fell rapidly. Liberal nationalists demanded written constitutions, representative assemblies, greater suffrage rights, and freedom of the press. A second republic was proclaimed in France. Serfdom was abolished in Prussia, Galicia, Bohemia, and Hungary. The supposedly indomitable Metternich, the Austrian builder of the reigning conservative order, shocked Europe when he resigned and fled to Britain in panic and disguise.
Eventually, however, the success of the revolutionaries petered out. Without French help, the Italians were easily defeated by the Austrians. With some luck and skill, Austria also managed to contain the bubbling nationalist sentiments in Germany and Hungary, helped along by the failure of the Frankfurt Assembly to unify the German states into a single nation. Two decades later, however, the Italians and the Germans realised their dreams for unification and independence. The Sardinian Prime Minister, Camillo di Cavour, was a shrewd liberal who understood that the only effective way for the Italians to gain independence was if the French were on their side. Napoleon III agreed to Cavour's request for assistance and France defeated Austria in the Franco-Austrian War of 1859, setting the stage for Italian independence. German unification transpired under the leadership of Otto von Bismarck, who decimated the enemies of Prussia in war after war, finally triumphing against France in 1871 and proclaiming the German Empire in the Hall of Mirrors at Versailles, ending another saga in the drive for nationalisation. The French proclaimed a third republic after their loss in the war.
Social liberalism.
By the end of the nineteenth century, the principles of classical liberalism were being increasingly challenged by downturns in economic growth, a growing perception of the evils of poverty, unemployment and relative deprivation present within modern industrial cities, and the agitation of organised labour. The ideal of the self-made individual, who through hard work and talent could make his or her place in the world, seemed increasingly implausible. A major political reaction against the changes introduced by industrialisation and "laissez-faire" capitalism came from conservatives concerned about social balance, although socialism later became a more important force for change and reform. Some Victorian writers — including Charles Dickens, Thomas Carlyle, and Matthew Arnold — became early influential critics of social injustice.
John Stuart Mill contributed enormously to liberal thought by combining elements of classical liberalism with what eventually became known as the new liberalism. Mill's 1859 "On Liberty" addressed the nature and limits of the power that can be legitimately exercised by society over the individual. He gave an impassioned defence of free speech, arguing that free discourse is a necessary condition for intellectual and social progress. Mill defined "social liberty" as protection from "the tyranny of political rulers." He introduced a number of different concepts of the form tyranny can take, referred to as social tyranny, and tyranny of the majority respectively. Social liberty meant limits on the ruler's power through obtaining recognition of political liberties or rights and by the establishment of a system of "constitutional checks".
However, although Mill' initial economic philosophy supported free markets and argued that progressive taxation penalised those who worked harder, he later altered his views toward a more socialist bent, adding chapters to his Principles of Political Economy in defence of a socialist outlook, and defending some socialist causes, including the radical proposal that the whole wage system be abolished in favour of a co-operative wage system.
Another early liberal convert to greater government intervention was Thomas Hill Green. He believed that the state should foster and protect the social, political and economic environments in which individuals will have the best chance of acting according to their consciences. The state should intervene only where there is a clear, proven and strong tendency of a liberty to enslave the individual.
Green regarded the national state as legitimate only to the extent that it upholds a system of rights and obligations that is most likely to foster individual self-realisation.
This strand began to coalesce into the social liberalism movement at the turn of the twentieth century in Britain. The New Liberals, which included intellectuals like L.T. Hobhouse, and John A. Hobson, saw individual liberty as something achievable only under favorable social and economic circumstances. In their view, the poverty, squalor, and ignorance in which many people lived made it impossible for freedom and individuality to flourish. New Liberals believed that these conditions could be ameliorated only through collective action coordinated by a strong, welfare-oriented, and interventionist state. The People's Budget of 1909, championed by David Lloyd George and fellow liberal Winston Churchill, introduced unprecedented taxes on the wealthy in Britain and radical social welfare programmes to the country's policies. It was the first budget with the expressed intent of redistributing wealth among the public.
Turmoil.
At the turn of the 20th century, liberalism was on the ascendant. The bastion of autocracy, the Russian czar, was overthrown in the liberal revolution of 1917 and the Allied victory in the First World War and the collapse of four empires, seemed to mark the triumph of liberalism across the European continent, not just among the victorious allies, but also in Germany and the newly created states of Eastern Europe. Militarism, as typified by Germany was defeated and discredited. As Blinkhorn argues, the liberal themes were ascendant in terms of “cultural pluralism, religious and ethnic toleration, national self-determination, free-market economics, representative and responsible government, free trade, unionism, and the peaceful settlement of international disputes through a new body, the League of Nations.”
However, in Russia, the Provisional Government was soon violently overthrown by the Bolsheviks, a communist group led by Vladimir Lenin, leading to several years of civil war between communists and conservatives. The worldwide Great Depression, starting in 1929, hastened the discrediting of liberal economics and strengthened calls for state control over economic affairs. Economic woes prompted widespread unrest in the European political world, leading to the rise of fascism as an ideology and a movement arrayed against both liberalism and communism, especially in Nazi Germany and Italy. The rise of fascism in the 1930s eventually culminated in the Second World War, the deadliest conflict in human history. The Allies prevailed in the war by 1945, and their victory set the stage for the Cold War between the communist Eastern Bloc and the liberal Western Alliance.
Keynesian economics.
Meanwhile, the definitive liberal response to the Great Depression was given by John Maynard Keynes, who had begun a theoretical work examining the relationship between unemployment, money and prices back in the 1920s. Keynes was deeply critical of the British government's austerity measures during the Great Depression. He believed that budget deficits were a good thing, a product of recessions. His "The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money" was published in 1936, and served as a theoretical justification for the interventionist policies Keynes favoured for tackling a recession. The "General Theory" challenged the earlier neo-classical economic paradigm, which had held that provided it was unfettered by government interference, the market would naturally establish full employment equilibrium.
The book advocated activist economic policy by government to stimulate demand in times of high unemployment, for example by spending on public works. "Let us be up and doing, using our idle resources to increase our wealth," he wrote in 1928. "With men and plants unemployed, it is ridiculous to say that we cannot afford these new developments. It is precisely with these plants and these men that we shall afford them." Where the market failed to properly allocate resources, the government was required to stimulate the economy until private funds could start flowing again—a "prime the pump" kind of strategy designed to boost industrial production.
The social liberal program launched by President Roosevelt in the United States in 1933, reduced the unemployment rate from roughly 25 percent to about 15 percent by 1940. Additional state spending and the gigantic public works program sparked by the Second World War eventually pulled the United States out of the Great Depression. From 1940 to 1941, government spending increased by 59 percent, the gross domestic product skyrocketed 17 percent, and unemployment fell below 10 percent for the first time since 1929.
The comprehensive welfare state was built in the UK after the Second World War, although largely accomplished by the Labour Party, was significantly designed by two Liberals—John Maynard Keynes, who laid the economic foundations, and William Beveridge, who designed the welfare system. After various global and catastrophic events, including wars and economic collapses, this new kind of liberalism would sweep over much of the world in the 20th century.
Neo-liberalism.
The Cold War featured extensive ideological competition and several proxy wars, but the widely feared Third World War between the Soviet Union and the United States never occurred. While communist states and liberal democracies competed against one another, an economic crisis in the 1970s inspired a move away from Keynesian economics, especially under Margaret Thatcher in the UK and Ronald Reagan in the US.
This classical liberal renewal, known as neoliberalism, lasted through the 1980s and the 1990s, although recent economic troubles have prompted a resurgence in Keynesian economic thought. Meanwhile, nearing the end of the 20th century, communist states in Eastern Europe collapsed precipitously, leaving liberal democracies as the only major forms of government in the West.
At the beginning of the Second World War, the number of democracies around the world was about the same as it had been forty years before. After 1945, liberal democracies spread very quickly. Even as late as 1974, roughly 75 percent of all nations were considered dictatorial, but now more than half of all countries are democracies. Liberalism faces recurring challenges, however, including conservatism and religious fundamentalism in several regions throughout the world. The rise of China is also challenging Western liberalism with a combination of authoritarian government and economic reforms that preceded democratisation.
Philosophy.
Liberalism—both as a political current and an intellectual tradition—is mostly a modern phenomenon that started in the 17th century, although some liberal philosophical ideas had precursors in classical antiquity. The Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius praised "the idea of a polity administered with regard to equal rights and equal freedom of speech, and the idea of a kingly government which respects most of all the freedom of the governed". Scholars have also recognised a number of principles familiar to contemporary liberals in the works of several Sophists and in the "Funeral Oration" by Pericles. Liberal philosophy symbolises an extensive intellectual tradition that has examined and popularised some of the most important and controversial principles of the modern world. Its immense scholarly and academic output has been characterised as containing "richness and diversity," but that diversity often has meant that liberalism comes in different formulations and presents a challenge to anyone looking for a clear definition.
Major themes.
Though all liberal doctrines possess a common heritage, scholars frequently assume that those doctrines contain "separate and often contradictory streams of thought". The objectives of liberal theorists and philosophers have differed across various times, cultures, and continents. The diversity of liberalism can be gleaned from the numerous adjectives that liberal thinkers and movements have attached to the very term "liberalism", including "classical", "egalitarian", "economic", "social", "welfare-state", "ethical", "humanist", "deontological", "perfectionist", "democratic", and "institutional", to name a few. Despite these variations, liberal thought does exhibit a few definite and fundamental conceptions. At its very root, liberalism is a philosophy about the meaning of humanity and society. Political philosopher John Gray identified the common strands in liberal thought as being "individualist", "egalitarian", "meliorist", and "universalist". The individualist element avers the ethical primacy of the human being against the pressures of social collectivism, the egalitarian element assigns the same moral worth and status to all individuals, the meliorist element asserts that successive generations can improve their sociopolitical arrangements, and the universalist element affirms the moral unity of the human species and marginalises local cultural differences. The meliorist element has been the subject of much controversy, defended by thinkers such as Immanuel Kant, who believed in human progress, while suffering from attacks by thinkers such as Rousseau, who believed that human attempts to improve themselves through social cooperation would fail. Describing the liberal temperament, Gray claimed that it "has been inspired by skepticism and by a fideistic certainty of divine revelation ... it has exalted the power of reason even as, in other contexts, it has sought to humble reason's claims". The liberal philosophical tradition has searched for validation and justification through several intellectual projects. The moral and political suppositions of liberalism have been based on traditions such as natural rights and utilitarian theory, although sometimes liberals even requested support from scientific and religious circles. Through all these strands and traditions, scholars have identified the following major common facets of liberal thought: believing in equality and individual liberty, supporting private property and individual rights, supporting the idea of limited constitutional government, and recognising the importance of related values such as pluralism, toleration, autonomy, bodily integrity and consent.
Classical and modern.
Enlightenment philosophers are given credit for shaping liberal ideas. Thomas Hobbes attempted to determine the purpose and the justification of governing authority in a post civil war England. Employing the idea of a state of nature —- a hypothetical war-like scenario prior to the State —- he constructed the idea of a social contract which individuals enter into to guarantee their security and in so doing form the State, concluding that only an absolute sovereign would be fully able to sustain such a peace. John Locke, while adopting Hobbes's idea of a state of nature and social contract, nevertheless argued that when the monarch becomes a tyrant, that constituted a violation of the social contract, which bestows life, liberty, and property as a natural right. He concluded that the people have a right to overthrow a tyrant. By placing life, liberty and property as the supreme value of law and authority, Locke formulated the basis of liberalism based on social contract theory. To these early enlightenment thinkers securing the most essential amenities of life —— liberty and private property among them —— required the formation of a "sovereign" authority with universal jurisdiction. In a natural state of affairs, liberals argued, humans were driven by the instincts of survival and self-preservation, and the only way to escape from such a dangerous existence was to form a common and supreme power capable of arbitrating between competing human desires. This power could be formed in the framework of a civil society that allows individuals to make a voluntary social contract with the sovereign authority, transferring their natural rights to that authority in return for the protection of life, liberty, and property. These early liberals often disagreed about the most appropriate form of government, but they all shared the belief that liberty was natural and that its restriction needed strong justification. Liberals generally believed in limited government, although several liberal philosophers decried government outright, with Thomas Paine writing that "government even in its best state is a necessary evil".
As part of the project to limit the powers of government, various liberal theorists such as James Madison and the Baron de Montesquieu conceived the notion of separation of powers, a system designed to equally distribute governmental authority among the executive, legislative, and judicial branches. Governments had to realise, liberals maintained, that poor and improper governance gave the people authority to overthrow the ruling order through any and all possible means, even through outright violence and revolution, if needed. Contemporary liberals, heavily influenced by social liberalism, have continued to support limited constitutional government while also advocating for state services and provisions to ensure equal rights. Modern liberals claim that formal or official guarantees of individual rights are irrelevant when individuals lack the material means to benefit from those rights and call for a greater role for government in the administration of economic affairs.
Early liberals also laid the groundwork for the separation of church and state. As heirs of the Enlightenment, liberals believed that any given social and political order emanated from human interactions, not from divine will. Many liberals were openly hostile to religious belief itself, but most concentrated their opposition to the union of religious and political authority, arguing that faith could prosper on its own, without official sponsorship or administration by the state.
Beyond identifying a clear role for government in modern society, liberals also have obsessed over the meaning and nature of the most important principle in liberal philosophy: liberty. From the 17th century until the 19th century, liberals—from Adam Smith to John Stuart Mill—conceptualised liberty as the absence of interference from government and from other individuals, claiming that all people should have the freedom to develop their own unique abilities and capacities without being sabotaged by others. Mill's "On Liberty" (1859), one of the classic texts in liberal philosophy, proclaimed that "the only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way". Support for "laissez-faire" capitalism is often associated with this principle, with Friedrich Hayek arguing in "The Road to Serfdom" (1944) that reliance on free markets would preclude totalitarian control by the state.
Beginning in the late 19th century, however, a new conception of liberty entered the liberal intellectual arena. This new kind of liberty became known as positive liberty to distinguish it from the prior negative version, and it was first developed by British philosopher Thomas Hill Green. Green rejected the idea that humans were driven solely by self-interest, emphasising instead the complex circumstances that are involved in the evolution of our moral character. In a very profound step for the future of modern liberalism, he also tasked society and political institutions with the enhancement of individual freedom and identity and the development of moral character, will and reason. And the state to create the conditions that allow for the above, giving the opportunity for genuine choice. Foreshadowing the new liberty as the freedom to act rather than to avoid suffering from the acts of others, Green wrote the following:
Rather than previous liberal conceptions viewing society as populated by selfish individuals, Green viewed society as an organic whole in which all individuals have a duty to promote the common good. His ideas spread rapidly and were developed by other thinkers such as L. T. Hobhouse and John Hobson. In a few years, this "Social Liberalism" had become the essential social and political program of the Liberal Party in Britain, and it would encircle much of the world in the 20th century. In the 21st century it is being argued that emerging is a New liberalism that is centred on the concept of timeless freedom, which would extend negative and positive liberty to future generations through proactive action today. In addition to examining negative, positive, and timeless liberty, liberals have tried to understand the proper relationship between liberty and democracy. As they struggled to expand suffrage rights, liberals increasingly understood that people left out of the democratic decision-making process were liable to the "tyranny of the majority", a concept explained in Mill's "On Liberty" and in "Democracy in America" (1835) by Alexis de Tocqueville. As a response, liberals began demanding proper safeguards to thwart majorities in their attempts at suppressing the rights of minorities.
Besides liberty, liberals have developed several other principles important to the construction of their philosophical structure, such as equality, pluralism, and toleration. Highlighting the confusion over the first principle, Voltaire commented that "equality is at once the most natural and at times the most chimeral of things". All forms of liberalism assume, in some basic sense, that individuals are equal. In maintaining that people are "naturally" equal, liberals assume that they all possess the same right to liberty. In other words, no one is inherently entitled to enjoy the benefits of liberal society more than anyone else, and all people are equal subjects before the law. Beyond this basic conception, liberal theorists diverge on their understanding of equality. American philosopher John Rawls emphasised the need to ensure not only equality under the law, but also the equal distribution of material resources that individuals required to develop their aspirations in life. Libertarian thinker Robert Nozick disagreed with Rawls, championing the former version of Lockean equality instead. To contribute to the development of liberty, liberals also have promoted concepts like pluralism and toleration. By pluralism, liberals refer to the proliferation of opinions and beliefs that characterise a stable social order. Unlike many of their competitors and predecessors, liberals do not seek conformity and homogeneity in the way that people think; in fact, their efforts have been geared towards establishing a governing framework that harmonises and minimises conflicting views, but still allows those views to exist and flourish. For liberal philosophy, pluralism leads easily to toleration. Since individuals will hold diverging viewpoints, liberals argue, they ought to uphold and respect the right of one another to disagree. From the liberal perspective, toleration was initially connected to religious toleration, with Spinoza condemning "the stupidity of religious persecution and ideological wars". Toleration also played a central role in the ideas of Kant and John Stuart Mill. Both thinkers believed that society will contain different conceptions of a good ethical life and that people should be allowed to make their own choices without interference from the state or other individuals.
Criticism and support.
Liberalism has drawn both criticism and support in its history from various ideological groups. For example, some scholars suggest that liberalism gave rise to feminism, although others maintain that liberal democracy is inadequate for the realisation of feminist objectives. Liberal feminism, the dominant tradition in feminist history, hopes to eradicate all barriers to gender equality—claiming that the continued existence of such barriers eviscerates the individual rights and freedoms ostensibly guaranteed by a liberal social order. British philosopher Mary Wollstonecraft is widely regarded as the pioneer of liberal feminism, with "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman" (1792) expanding the boundaries of liberalism to include women in the political structure of liberal society. Less friendly to the goals of liberalism has been conservatism. Edmund Burke, considered by some to be the first major proponent of modern conservative thought, offered a blistering critique of the French Revolution by assailing the liberal pretensions to the power of rationality and to the natural equality of all humans. Conservatives have also attacked what they perceive to be the reckless liberal pursuit of progress and material gains, arguing that such preoccupations undermine traditional social values rooted in community and continuity. However, a few variations of conservatism, like liberal conservativism, expound some of the same ideas and principles championed by classical liberalism, including "small government and thriving capitalism".
Some confusion remains about the relationship between social liberalism and socialism, despite the fact that many variants of socialism distinguish themselves markedly from liberalism by opposing capitalism, hierarchy, and private property. Socialism formed as a group of related yet divergent ideologies in the 19th century such as Christian socialism, Communism (with the writings of Karl Marx), and Social Anarchism (with the writings of Mikhail Bakunin), the latter two influenced by the Paris Commune. These ideologies — as with liberalism and conservatism — fractured into several major and minor movements in the following decades. Marx rejected the foundational aspects of liberal theory, hoping to destroy both the state and the liberal distinction between society and the individual while fusing the two into a collective whole designed to overthrow the developing capitalist order of the 19th century.
Social democracy, an ideology advocating progressive reform of capitalism, emerged in the 20th century and was influenced by socialism. Yet unlike socialism, it was not collectivist nor anti-capitalist. Broadly defined as a project that aims to correct, through government reformism, what it regards as the intrinsic defects of capitalism by reducing inequalities, social democracy was also not against the state. Several commentators have noted strong similarities between social liberalism and social democracy, with one political scientist even calling American liberalism "bootleg social democracy" due to the absence of a significant social democratic tradition in the United States that liberals have tried to rectify. Another movement associated with modern democracy, Christian democracy, hopes to spread Catholic social ideas and has gained a large following in some European nations. The early roots of Christian democracy developed as a reaction against the industrialisation and urbanisation associated with "laissez-faire" liberalism in the 19th century. Despite these complex relationships, some scholars have argued that liberalism actually "rejects ideological thinking" altogether, largely because such thinking could lead to unrealistic expectations for human society.
Worldwide.
Liberalism is frequently cited as the dominant ideology of modern times. Politically, liberals have organised extensively throughout the world. Liberal parties, think tanks, and other institutions are common in many nations, although they advocate for different causes based on their ideological orientation. Liberal parties can be centre-left, centrist, or centre-right depending on their location.
They can further be divided based on their adherence to social liberalism or classical liberalism, although all liberal parties and individuals share basic similarities, including the support for civil rights and democratic institutions. On a global level, liberals are united in the Liberal International, which contains over 100 influential liberal parties and organisations from across the ideological spectrum.
Some parties in the LI are among the most famous in the world, such as the Liberal Party of Canada, while others are among the smallest, such as the Gibraltar Liberal Party. Regionally, liberals are organised through various institutions depending on the prevailing geopolitical context. The European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party, for example, represents the interests of liberals in Europe while the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe is the predominant liberal group in the European Parliament.
Europe.
In Europe, liberalism has a long tradition dating back to 17th century. Scholars often split those traditions into English and French versions, with the former version of liberalism emphasising the expansion of democratic values and constitutional reform and the latter rejecting authoritarian political and economic structures, as well as being involved with nation-building. The continental French version was deeply divided between "moderates" and "progressives", with the moderates tending to elitism and the progressives supporting the universalisation of fundamental institutions, such as universal suffrage, universal education, and the expansion of property rights. Over time, the moderates displaced the progressives as the main guardians of continental European liberalism. A prominent example of these divisions is the German Free Democratic Party, which was historically divided between national liberal and social liberal factions.
Before World War I, liberal parties dominated the European political scene, but they were gradually displaced by socialists and social democrats in the early 20th century. The fortunes of liberal parties since World War II have been mixed, with some gaining strength while others suffered from continuous declines. The fall of the Soviet Union and the breakup of Yugoslavia at the end of the 20th century, however, allowed the formation of many liberal parties throughout Eastern Europe. These parties developed varying ideological characters. Some, such as the Slovenian Liberal Democrats or the Lithuanian Social Liberals, have been characterised as centre-left. Others, such as the Romanian National Liberal Party, have been classified as centre-right.
In Western Europe, some liberal parties have undergone renewal and transformation, coming back to the political limelight after historic disappointments. One of the most notable examples features the Liberal Democrats in Britain. The Liberal Democrats are the heirs of the once-mighty Liberal Party, which suffered a huge erosion of support to the Labour Party in the early 20th century. After nearly vanishing from the British political scene altogether, the Liberals eventually united with the Social Democratic Party, a Labour splinter group, in 1988 to form the current Liberal Democrats, a social liberal party.
The Liberal Democrats earned significant popular support in the general election of 2005 and in local council elections, marking the first time in decades that a British party with a liberal ideology has achieved such electoral success. Following the general election of 2010, the Liberal Democrats formed a coalition government with the Conservatives resulting in party leader Nick Clegg becoming the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and many other members becoming ministers.
Both in Britain and elsewhere in Western Europe, liberal parties have often cooperated with socialist and social democratic parties, as evidenced by the Purple Coalition in the Netherlands during the late 1990s and into the 21st century. The Purple Coalition, one of the most consequential in Dutch history, brought together the progressive left-liberal D66, the market liberal and centre-right VVD, and the social democratic Labour Party—an unusual combination that ultimately legalised same-sex marriage, euthanasia, and prostitution while also instituting a non-enforcement policy on marijuana.
Americas.
In North America, unlike in Europe, the word "liberalism" almost exclusively refers to social liberalism in contemporary politics. The dominant Canadian and American parties, the Liberal Party and the Democratic Party, are frequently identified as being modern liberal or centre-left organisations in the academic literature. In Canada, the long-dominant Liberal Party, colloquially known as "the Grits", ruled the country for nearly 70 years during the 20th century. The party produced some of the most influential prime ministers in Canadian history, including Pierre Trudeau, Lester B. Pearson and Jean Chrétien, and has been primarily responsible for the development of the Canadian welfare state. The enormous success of the Liberals—virtually unmatched in any other liberal democracy—has prompted many political commentators over time to identify them as the nation's "natural governing party". However, in recent elections the party has been performing poorly, and have currently been eclipsed federally by both the Conservative Party and the social democratic New Democratic Party.
In the United States, modern liberalism traces its history to the popular presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who initiated the New Deal in response to the Great Depression and won an unprecedented four elections. The New Deal coalition established by Franklin Roosevelt left a decisive legacy and influenced many future American presidents, including John F. Kennedy, a self-described liberal who defined a liberal as "someone who looks ahead and not behind, someone who welcomes new ideas without rigid reactions...someone who cares about the welfare of the people".
In the late 20th century, a conservative backlash against the kind of liberalism championed by Roosevelt and Kennedy developed in the Republican Party. This brand of conservatism primarily reacted against the civil unrest and the cultural changes that transpired during the 1960s. It helped launch into power such presidents as Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and George W. Bush. Economic woes in the early 21st century led to a resurgence of social liberalism with the election of Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election.
In Latin America, liberal unrest dates back to the 19th century, when liberal groups frequently fought against and violently overthrew conservative regimes in several countries across the region. Liberal revolutions in countries such as Mexico and Ecuador ushered in the modern world for much of Latin America. Latin American liberals generally emphasised free trade, private property, and anti-clericalism. Today, market liberals in Latin America are organised in the Red Liberal de América Latina (RELIAL), a centre-right network that brings together dozens of liberal parties and organisations.
RELIAL features parties as geographically diverse as the Mexican Nueva Alianza and the Cuban Liberal Union, which aims to secure power in Cuba. Some major liberal parties in the region continue, however, to align themselves with social liberal ideas and policies—a notable case being the Colombian Liberal Party, which is a member of the Socialist International. Another famous example is the Paraguayan Authentic Radical Liberal Party, one of the most powerful parties in the country, which has also been classified as centre-left.
Other regions.
In Australia, liberalism is primarily championed by the centre-right Liberal Party. The Liberals in Australia support free markets and have both social conservative and social liberal factions. In India, the most populous democracy in the world, the Indian National Congress has long dominated political affairs. The INC was founded in the late 19th century by liberal nationalists demanding the creation of a more liberal and autonomous India. Liberalism continued to be the main ideological current of the group through the early years of the 20th century, but socialism gradually overshadowed the thinking of the party in the next few decades.
In Asia, liberalism is a much younger political current than in Europe or the Americas. Continentally, liberals are organised through the Council of Asian Liberals and Democrats, which includes powerful parties such the Liberal Party in the Philippines, the Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan, and the Pheu Thai Party in Thailand. Two notable examples of liberal influence can be found in India and Australia, although several Asian nations have rejected important liberal principles.
A famous struggle led by the INC eventually earned India's independence from Britain. In recent times, the party has adopted more of a liberal streak, championing open markets while simultaneously seeking social justice. In its "2009 Manifesto", the INC praised a "secular and liberal" Indian nationalism against the nativist, communal, and conservative ideological tendencies it claims are espoused by the right. In general, the major theme of Asian liberalism in the past few decades has been the rise of democratisation as a method facilitate the rapid economic modernisation of the continent. In nations such as Myanmar, however, liberal democracy has been replaced by military dictatorship.
In Africa, liberalism is comparatively weak. The Wafd Party ("Delegation Party") was a nationalist liberal political party in Egypt. It was said to be Egypt's most popular and influential political party for a period in the 1920s and 30s. Recently, however, liberal parties and institutions have made a major push for political power. On a continental level, liberals are organised in the Africa Liberal Network, which contains influential parties such as the Popular Movement in Morocco, the Democratic Party in Senegal, and the Rally of the Republicans in Côte d'Ivoire.
Among African nations, South Africa stands out for having a notable liberal tradition that other countries on the continent lack. In the middle of the 20th century, the Liberal Party and the Progressive Party were formed to oppose the apartheid policies of the government. The Liberals formed a multiracial party that originally drew considerable support from urban Blacks and college-educated Whites. It also gained supporters from the "westernised sectors of the peasantry", and its public meetings were heavily attended by Blacks. The party had 7,000 members at its height, although its appeal to the White population as a whole was too small to make any meaningful political changes. The Liberals were disbanded in 1968 after the government passed a law that prohibited parties from having multiracial membership. Today, liberalism in South Africa is represented by the Democratic Alliance, the official opposition party to the ruling African National Congress. The Democratic Alliance is the second largest party in the National Assembly and currently leads the provincial government of Western Cape.
Impact and influence.
The fundamental elements of contemporary society have liberal roots. The early waves of liberalism popularised economic individualism while expanding constitutional government and parliamentary authority. One of the greatest liberal triumphs involved replacing the capricious nature of royalist and absolutist rule with a decision-making process encoded in written law. Liberals sought and established a constitutional order that prized important individual freedoms, such as the freedom of speech and of association, an independent judiciary and public trial by jury, and the abolition of aristocratic privileges.
These sweeping changes in political authority marked the modern transition from absolutism to constitutional rule. The expansion and promotion of free markets was another major liberal achievement. Before they could establish markets, however, liberals had to destroy the old economic structures of the world. In that vein, liberals ended mercantilist policies, royal monopolies, and various other restraints on economic activities. They also sought to abolish internal barriers to trade—eliminating guilds, local tariffs, the Commons and prohibitions on the sale of land along the way.
Later waves of modern liberal thought and struggle were strongly influenced by the need to expand civil rights. In the 1960s and 1970s, the cause of Second Wave feminism in the United States was advanced in large part by liberal feminist organisations such as the National Organization for Women. In addition to supporting gender equality, liberals also have advocated for racial equality in their drive to promote civil rights, and a global civil rights movement in the 20th century achieved several objectives towards both goals. Among the various regional and national movements, the civil rights movement in the United States during the 1960s strongly highlighted the liberal efforts for equal rights. Describing the political efforts of the period, some historians have asserted that "the voting rights campaign marked...the convergence of two political forces at their zenith: the black campaign for equality and the movement for liberal reform," further remarking about how "the struggle to assure blacks the ballot coincided with the liberal call for expanded federal action to protect the rights of all citizens". The Great Society project launched by President Lyndon B. Johnson oversaw the creation of Medicare and Medicaid, the establishment of Head Start and the Job Corps as part of the War on Poverty, and the passage of the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964—an altogether rapid series of events that some historians have dubbed "the Liberal Hour".
Another major liberal accomplishment includes the rise of liberal internationalism, which has been credited with the establishment of global organisations such as the League of Nations and, after World War II, the United Nations. The idea of exporting liberalism worldwide and constructing a harmonious and liberal internationalist order has dominated the thinking of liberals since the 18th century. "Wherever liberalism has flourished domestically, it has been accompanied by visions of liberal internationalism," one historian wrote. But resistance to liberal internationalism was deep and bitter, with critics arguing that growing global interdependency would result in the loss of national sovereignty and that democracies represented a corrupt order incapable of either domestic or global governance.
Other scholars have praised the influence of liberal internationalism, claiming that the rise of globalisation "constitutes a triumph of the liberal vision that first appeared in the eighteenth century" while also writing that liberalism is "the only comprehensive and hopeful vision of world affairs". The gains of liberalism have been significant. In 1975, roughly 40 countries around the world were characterised as liberal democracies, but that number had increased to more than 80 as of 2008. Most of the world's richest and most powerful nations are liberal democracies with extensive social welfare programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19280735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280735" title="Chessex">
Chessex

Chessex is an American company that manufactures and sells dice, primarily to the role-playing game market. It also offers other accessories of the kind used in role-playing games. 
Skyrealms of Jorune.
In 1992, Chessex published the third edition of the Skyrealms of Jorune role-playing game.

</doc>
<doc id="19280748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280748" title="Episcopal Church (United States)">
Episcopal Church (United States)

The Episcopal Church (TEC) is part of the worldwide Anglican Communion. It is divided into nine provinces and has dioceses in the U.S., Taiwan, Micronesia, the Caribbean, Central and South America, as well as the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe and the Navajoland Area Mission.
The church was organized after the American Revolution, when it separated from the Church of England whose clergy are required to swear allegiance to the British monarch as Supreme Governor of the Church of England, and became the first Anglican Province outside the British Isles.
The Episcopal Church was active in the Social Gospel movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Since the 1960s and 1970s, it has opposed the death penalty and supported the civil rights movement and affirmative action. Some of its leaders and priests marched with civil rights demonstrators. Today the Church calls for the full civil equality of gay and lesbian people, and the church's General Convention has passed resolutions that allow for same-sex marriages in states in which it is legal. The convention also approved an official liturgy to bless such unions. On the question of abortion, the church has adopted a "nuanced approach".
The Episcopal Church ordains women to the priesthood as well as the diaconate and the episcopate. The current Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church is Katharine Jefferts Schori, the first female primate in the Anglican Communion.
Official names.
There are two official names of the Episcopal Church specified in its constitution: "The Episcopal Church" and the "Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America". "The Episcopal Church" is the more commonly used name.
"Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America" was the only official name in use until 1964. In the 19th century, High Church members advocated changing the name, which they felt did not acknowledge the church's Catholic heritage. They were opposed by the church's evangelical wing, which felt the "Protestant Episcopal" label accurately reflected the Reformed character of Anglicanism. After 1877, alternative names were regularly proposed and rejected by the General Convention. A commonly proposed alternative was "the American Catholic Church". By the 1960s, opposition to dropping the word "Protestant" had largely subsided. In a 1964 General Convention compromise, priests and lay delegates suggested adding a preamble to the church's constitution, recognizing "The Episcopal Church" as a lawful alternate designation while still retaining the earlier name. The preamble to the Constitution of the Episcopal Church now reads:
The 66th General Convention voted in 1979 to use the name "Episcopal Church" (dropping the adjective "Protestant") in the Oath of Conformity of the Declaration for Ordination. The evolution of the name can be seen in the Episcopal Church's "Book of Common Prayer" (BCP). In the 1928 BCP, the title page said, "According to the use of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America." In contrast, the change in self-identity can be seen in the title page of the 1979 "Book of Common Prayer", which states, "'According to the use of The Episcopal Church."
The alternate name "Episcopal Church in the United States of America" is commonly seen but has never been the official name of the Episcopal Church. Because it contains integral jurisdictions in many other countries, it was thought that a name was needed which is not directly tied to the United States. But since several other churches in the Anglican Communion also use the name "Episcopal", the phrase "in the United States of America" is often added, for example by the Anglican Communion's official website and by Anglicans Online.
In Spanish the church is called "La Iglesia Episcopal Protestante de los Estados Unidos de América" or "La Iglesia Episcopal" and in French "L'Église protestante épiscopale dans les États unis d'Amérique" or "L'Église épiscopale".
A common mistake by non-Episcopalians is over the use of the words "Episcopal" and "Episcopalians". An Episcopalian is a member of the Episcopal Church but it is not the Episcopalian Church. Likewise, a member is not called an Episcopal, like a Methodist is a member of the Methodist Church. Episcopalian is a noun; Episcopal is an adjective.
The full legal name of the national church corporate body is the "Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America", which was incorporated by the legislature of New York and established in 1821. The membership of the corporation "shall be considered as comprehending all persons who are members of the Church". This, however, should not be confused with the name of the church itself, as it is a distinct body relating to church governance.
History.
Colonial era and the American Revolution (1604–1783).
The Episcopal Church has its origins in the Church of England in the American colonies, and it stresses its continuity with the early universal Western church and maintains apostolic succession.
The first parish was founded in Jamestown, Virginia, in 1607 under the charter of the Virginia Company of London. The circa 1639–43 tower of Jamestown Church is one of the oldest surviving Anglican church structures in the United States. The church itself is a modern reconstruction.
Although there was no American bishop in the colonial era, the Church of England had an official status in several colonies, which meant that tax money was paid to the local parish by the local government, and the parish handled some civic functions. The Church of England was designated the established church in Virginia in 1609, in New York in 1693, in Maryland in 1702, in South Carolina in 1706, in North Carolina in 1730, and in Georgia in 1758.
From 1635, the vestries and the clergy were loosely under the diocesan authority of the Bishop of London. After 1702, the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts (SPG) began missionary activity throughout the colonies. On the eve of Revolution about 400 independent congregations were reported throughout the colonies.
Embracing the symbols of the British presence in the American colonies, such as the monarchy, the episcopate, and even the language of the "Book of Common Prayer", the Church of England almost drove itself to extinction during the upheaval of the American Revolution. More than any other denomination, the War of Independence internally divided both clergy and laity of the Church of England in America, and opinions covered a wide spectrum of political views: patriots, conciliators, and loyalists. While many Patriots were suspicious of Loyalism in the Church, about three-quarters of the signers of the Declaration of Independence were nominally Anglican laymen, including Thomas Jefferson, William Paca, and George Wythe. It was often assumed that persons considered "High Church" were Loyalists, whereas persons considered "Low Church" were Patriots; assumptions with possibly dangerous implications for the time.
Of the approximately three hundred clergy in the Church of England in America between 1776 and 1783, over 80 percent in New England, New York, and New Jersey were loyalists. This is in contrast to the less than 23 percent loyalist clergy in the four southern colonies. Many Church of England clergy remained loyalists as they took their two ordination oaths very seriously. Anglican clergy were obliged to swear allegiance to the king as well as to pray for the king, the royal family, and the British Parliament. In general, loyalist clergy stayed by their oaths and prayed for the king or else suspended services. By the end of 1776, some Anglican churches were closing. Anglican priests held services in private homes or lay readers who were not bound by the oaths held morning and evening prayer. During 1775 and 1776, the Continental Congress had issued decrees ordering churches to fast and pray on behalf of the patriots. Starting July 4, 1776, Congress and several states passed laws making prayers for the king and British Parliament acts of treason. The patriot clergy in the South were quick to find reasons to transfer their oaths to the American cause and prayed for the success of the Revolution. One precedent was the transfer of oaths during the Glorious Revolution in England. Most of the patriot clergy in the south were able to keep their churches open and services continued.
Early nation: 1783–1800.
In the wake of the Revolution, American Episcopalians faced the task of preserving a hierarchical church structure in a society infused with republican values. By 1786, the church had succeeded in translating episcopacy to America and in revising the "Book of Common Prayer" to reflect American political realities. Later, through the efforts of Bishop Philander Chase (1775–1852) of Ohio, Americans successfully sought material assistance from England for the purpose of training Episcopal clergy. The development of the Protestant Episcopal Church provides an example of how Americans in the early republic maintained important cultural ties with England.
When the clergy of Connecticut elected Samuel Seabury as their bishop in 1783, he sought consecration in England. The Oath of Supremacy prevented Seabury's consecration in England, so he went to Scotland; the non-juring Scottish bishops there consecrated him in Aberdeen on November 14, 1784, making him, in the words of scholar Arthur Carl Piepkorn, "the first Anglican bishop appointed to minister outside the British Isles". On August 3, 1785, the first ordinations on American soil took place there at Christ Church in Middletown.
In 1787, two priests – William White of Pennsylvania and Samuel Provoost of New York – were consecrated as bishops by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Archbishop of York, and the Bishop of Bath and Wells, the legal obstacles having been removed by the passage through Parliament of the Consecration of Bishops Abroad Act 1786. Thus there are two branches of Apostolic succession for the American bishops: through the non-juring bishops of Scotland that consecrated Samuel Seabury and through the English church that consecrated William White and Samuel Provoost. All bishops in the American Church are ordained by at least three bishops. One can trace the succession of each back to Seabury, White and Provoost. ("See Succession of Bishops of the Episcopal Church.")
In 1789, representative clergy from nine dioceses met in Philadelphia to ratify the Church's initial constitution. The Episcopal Church was formally separated from the Church of England in 1789 so that clergy would not be required to accept the supremacy of the British monarch. A revised version of the "Book of Common Prayer" was written for the new church that same year. The fourth bishop of the Episcopal Church was James Madison, the first bishop of Virginia. Madison was consecrated in 1790 by the Archbishop of Canterbury and two other Church of England bishops. This third American bishop consecrated within the English line of succession occurred because of continuing unease within the Church of England over Seabury's nonjuring Scottish orders.
1801–1975.
In 1856 the first society for African Americans in the Episcopal Church was founded by James Theodore Holly. Named "The Protestant Episcopal Society for Promoting The Extension of The Church Among Colored People", the society argued that blacks should be allowed to participate in seminaries and diocesan conventions. The group lost its focus when Holly emigrated to Haiti, but other groups followed after the Civil War. The current Union of Black Episcopalians traces its history to the society. Holly went on to found the Anglican Church in Haiti, where he became the first African-American bishop on November 8, 1874. As Bishop of Haiti, Holly was the first African American to attend the Lambeth Conference. However, he was consecrated by the American Church Missionary Society, an Evangelical Episcopal branch of the Church.
Episcopal missions chartered by African-Americans in this era were chartered as a Colored Episcopal Mission. All other missions (white) were chartered as an Organized Episcopal Mission. Many historically Black parishes are still in existence to date.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, Episcopalians in the South formed their own Protestant Episcopal Church. However, in the North the separation was never officially recognized. By May 16, 1866, the southern dioceses had rejoined the national church.
By the middle of the 19th century, evangelical Episcopalians disturbed by High Church Tractarianism, while continuing to work in interdenominational agencies, formed their own voluntary societies, and eventually, in 1874, a faction objecting to the revival of ritual practices established the Reformed Episcopal Church.
Samuel David Ferguson was the first black bishop consecrated by the Episcopal Church, the first to practice in the U.S. and the first black person to sit in the House of Bishops. Bishop Ferguson was consecrated on June 24, 1885, with the then-Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church acting as a consecrator.
During the Gilded Age, highly prominent laity such as banker J. P. Morgan, industrialist Henry Ford, and art collector Isabella Stewart Gardner played a central role in shaping a distinctive upper class Episcopalian ethos, especially with regard to preserving the arts and history. These philanthropists propelled the Episcopal Church into a quasi-national position of importance while at the same time giving the church a central role in the cultural transformation of the country. Another mark of influence is the fact that more than a quarter of all presidents of the United States have been Episcopalians (see religious affiliations of Presidents of the United States). It was during this period that the "Book of Common Prayer" was revised, first in 1892 and later in 1928.
The first women were admitted as delegates to General Convention in 1970. In 1975, Vaughan Booker, who confessed to the murder of his wife and was sentenced to life in prison, was ordained to the diaconate in Graterford State Prison's chapel in Pennsylvania, after having repented of his sins, becoming a symbol of redemption and atonement.
Recent history (1976–present).
In recent decades, the Episcopal Church, like other mainline churches, has experienced a decline in membership as well as internal controversy over women's ordination and the place of homosexuals in the church. About these and other controversial issues such as abortion, individual members and clergy can and do frequently disagree with the stated position of the church. In response to changes from an agenda of what some perceived as traditional, biblical Anglicanism to more liberal theological teachings, perceived by others to be even more biblical, the members of various congregations and six dioceses have left the Episcopal Church. Most of these groups left after Eugene Robinson became in 2003 the first openly gay non-celibate bishop in the Episcopal Church. Disciplinary and legal action against separatists by denominational leadership, while prompted by the departures, has also been cited by later separatists as a reason for leaving the denomination. These separatist groups have joined the churches of the Continuing Anglican movement or advocated Anglican realignment, claiming alignment with overseas Anglican provinces including the Anglican Province of the Southern Cone of America and the Church of Nigeria.
The phenomena of Continuing Anglicanism and Anglican Realignment have led to the development of the Anglican Church in North America, which claims over 900 parishes, The Episcopal Church leaders, particularly Presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori, have responded by taking a firm stance against the separatists, initiating litigation against departing dioceses and parishes that has cost all parties over $22 million. In a letter to the House of Bishops from the summer of 2009, she told dioceses not to sell parish property to departing groups: "we do not make settlements that encourage religious bodies who seek to replace The Episcopal Church". Presiding bishops before Schori had treated parish property disputes as internal diocesan matters "not subject to the review or oversight of the presiding bishop," such as on May 11, 2006, when then-Presiding Bishop Frank Griswold told the Diocese of Western Louisiana that the national church involved itself in parish property disputes only upon invitation of the local bishop and diocesan standing committees. Schori's letter stated that her firm stance was the consensus of the Council of Advice and expressed hope that "those who have departed can gain clarity about their own identity".
In 1976, the General Convention adopted a new prayerbook, which was a substantial revision and modernization of the previous 1928 edition. It incorporated many principles of the Roman Catholic Church's liturgical movement, which had been discussed at Vatican II. This version was adopted as the official prayerbook in 1979 after an initial three-year trial use. Several conservative parishes, however, continued to use the 1928 version. The 1976 General Convention also passed a resolution calling for an end to apartheid in South Africa and in 1985 called for "dioceses, institutions, and agencies" to create equal opportunity employment and affirmative action policies to address any potential "racial inequities" in clergy placement.
The General Convention permitted the ordination of women in 1976. The first women were canonically ordained to the priesthood in 1977. The first female bishop, Barbara Harris, was consecrated on February 11, 1989. At the time of the formation of ACNA, three U.S. dioceses did not ordain women at all. All dioceses of TEC now ordain women. The 2006 election of Jefferts Schori as the Church's 26th presiding bishop was controversial in the wider Anglican Communion because she is a woman, and the full communion does not recognize the ordination of women. She is the only national leader of a church in the Anglican Communion who is a woman. In addition, eight American dioceses have rejected her authority and have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, to assign them another national leader.
The Episcopal Church affirmed at the 1976 General Convention that homosexuals are "children of God" who deserve acceptance and pastoral care from the church and equal protection under the law. Despite the affirmation of gay rights, the General Convention affirmed in 1991 that "physical sexual expression" is only appropriate within the monogamous, lifelong "union of husband and wife." The first openly homosexual priest, Ellen Barrett, was ordained in 1977. The first openly homosexual bishop, Gene Robinson, was elected in June 2003. Robinson's election caused a crisis in both the American church and the wider Anglican Communion. In October 2003, an emergency meeting of the Anglican primates (the heads of the Anglican Communion's 38 member churches) was convened. The meeting's final communiqué included the warning that if Robinson's consecration proceeded, it would "tear the fabric of the communion at its deepest level."
In 1991 the General Convention declared "the practice of racism is sin" and in 2006 a unanimous House of Bishops endorsed Resolution A123 apologizing for complicity in the institution of slavery and silence over "Jim Crow" laws, segregation, and racial discrimination.
In 2009, the General Convention charged the Standing Commission on Liturgy and Music to develop theological and liturgical resources for same-sex blessings and report back to the General Convention in 2012. It also gave bishops an option to provide "generous pastoral support" especially where civil authorities have legalized same-gender marriage, civil unions, or domestic partnerships.
On July 14, 2009, the Episcopal Church's House of Bishops voted that "any ordained ministry" is open to gay men and lesbians.
"The New York Times" said the move was "likely to send shockwaves through the Anglican Communion."
This vote ended a moratorium on ordaining gay bishops passed in 2006 and passed in spite of Archbishop Rowan Williams's personal call at the start of the convention that, "I hope and pray that there won't be decisions in the coming days that will push us further apart."
There are two historical societies of American Episcopalianism: Historical Society of the Episcopal Church or National Episcopal Historians and Archivists (NEHA).
Membership.
, the Episcopal Church reports 2,125,012 baptized members. The majority of members are in the United States, where the Church has 1,951,907 members, a decrease of 54,436 persons (-2.7 percent) from 2009. Outside of the U.S. the Church has 173,105 members, an increase of 3,700 persons (2.2 percent) from 2009.
Total average Sunday attendance (ASA) for 2010 was 697,880 (657,831 in the U.S. and 40,049 outside the U.S.), a decrease of 3.7 percent from 2009.
According to data collected in 2000, the District of Columbia, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Virginia have the highest rates of adherents per capita, and states along the East Coast generally have a higher number of adherents per capita than in other parts of the country. New York was the state with the largest total number of adherents, over 200,000. In 2010, the Episcopal Diocese of Haiti was the largest single diocese, with 86,760 members baptized members, which constitute slightly over half of the church's foreign membership.
The Episcopal Church also has the highest number of graduate and post-graduate degrees per capita of any other Christian denomination in the United States, as well as the most high-income earners.
The Episcopal Church experienced notable growth in the first half of the 20th century, but like many mainline churches, it has had a decline in membership in more recent decades. Membership grew from 1.1 million members in 1925 to a peak of over 3.4 million members in the mid-1960s. Between 1970 and 1990, membership declined from about 3.2 million to about 2.4 million. Once changes in how membership is counted are taken into consideration, the Episcopal Church's membership numbers were broadly flat throughout the 1990s, with a slight growth in the first years of the 21st century.
Structure.
As its name suggests, the Episcopal Church, as are other Anglican churches, is governed according to episcopal polity with its own system of canon law. This means that the church is organized into dioceses led by bishops in consultation with representative bodies. It is a unitary body, in that the power of the General Convention is not limited by the individual dioceses. The church has, however, a highly decentralized structure and characteristics of a confederation.
Parishes and dioceses.
At the local level, there are over 7,000 Episcopal congregations, each of which elects a vestry or bishop's committee. Subject to the approval of its diocesan bishop, the vestry of each parish elects a priest, called the rector, who has spiritual jurisdiction in the parish and selects assistant clergy, both deacons and priests. (There is a difference between vestry and clergy elections – clergy are ordained members usually selected from outside the parish, whereas any member in good standing of a parish is eligible to serve on the vestry.) The diocesan bishop, however, appoints the clergy for all missions and may choose to do so for non-self-supporting parishes.
The middle judicatory consists of a diocese headed by a bishop who is assisted by a standing committee. The bishop and standing committee are elected by the diocesan convention whose members are selected by the congregations. The election of a bishop requires the consent of a majority of standing committees and diocesan bishops. Conventions meet annually to consider legislation (such as revisions to the diocesan constitution and canons) and speak for the diocese. Dioceses are organized into nine provinces. Each province has a synod and a mission budget, but it has no authority over its member dioceses.
There are 110 dioceses in the United States, Colombia, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Haiti, Honduras, Puerto Rico, Taiwan, Venezuela and the Virgin Islands. The Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe and the Navajoland Area Mission are jurisdictions similar to a diocese. The Presiding Bishop is one of three Anglican primates who together exercise metropolitan jurisdiction over the Episcopal Church of Cuba, which is an extraprovincial diocese in the Anglican Communion.
National church.
The highest legislative body of the Episcopal Church is the triennial General Convention, consisting of the House of Deputies and the House of Bishops. All active (includes diocesan, coadjutor, suffragan, and assistant bishops) and retired bishops make up the over 300 members of the House of Bishops. Diocesan conventions elect over 800 representatives (each diocese elects four laity and four clergy) to the House of Deputies. The House of Deputies elects a president and vice-president to preside at meetings. General Convention enacts two types of legislation. The first type is the rules by which the church is governed as contained in the Constitution and Canons; the second type are broad guidelines on church policy called resolutions. Either house may propose legislation. The House of Deputies only meets as a full body once every three years; however, the House of Bishops meets regularly throughout the triennium between conventions.
The real work of General Convention is done by interim bodies, the most powerful being the Executive Council, which oversees the work of the national church during the triennium. The council has 40 members; 20 are directly elected by the General Convention, 18 are elected by the nine provinces, and the Presiding Bishop and President of the House of Deputies are ex officio members. Other interim bodies include a number of standing commissions which study and draft policy proposals for consideration and report back to General Convention. Each standing commission consists of three bishops, three priests or deacons, and six laypersons. Bishops are appointed by the Presiding Bishop while the other clergy and laypersons are appointed by the president of the House of Deputies.
The Presiding Bishop is elected from and by the House of Bishops and confirmed by the House of Deputies for a nine-year term. The Presiding Bishop is the chief pastor and primate of the Episcopal Church and is charged with providing leadership in the development of the Church's program as well as speaking on behalf of the Church. The Presiding Bishop does not possess a territorial see; since the 1970s, however, the Presiding Bishop has enjoyed extraordinary jurisdiction (metropolitical authority) and has authority to visit dioceses for sacramental and preaching ministry, for consulting bishops, and for related purposes. The Presiding Bishop chairs the House of Bishops as well as the Executive Council of the General Convention. In addition, the Presiding Bishop directs the Episcopal Church Center, the national administrative headquarters of the denomination. Located at 815 Second Avenue, New York City, New York, the center is often referred to by Episcopalians simply as "815".
A system of ecclesiastical courts is provided for under Title IV of the canons of General Convention. These courts are empowered to discipline and depose deacons, priests, and bishops.
Worship and liturgy.
Varying degrees of liturgical practice prevail within the church, and one finds a variety of worship styles: traditional hymns and anthems, more modern religious music, Anglican chant, liturgical dance, charismatic prayer, and vested clergy of varying degrees. As varied as services can be, the central binding aspect is the Book of Common Prayer or supplemental liturgies.
Often a congregation or a particular service will be referred to as "Low Church" or "High Church". In theory:
A majority of Episcopal services could be considered to be "High Church" while still falling somewhat short of a typical Anglo-Catholic "very" high church service. In contrast, "Low Church" services are somewhat rarer. However, while some Episcopalians refer to their churches by these labels, often there is overlapping, and the basic rites do not greatly differ. There are also variations that blend elements of all three and have their own unique features, such as New England Episcopal churches, which have elements drawn from Puritan practices, combining the traditions of "high church" with the simplicity of "low church". Typical parish worship features Bible readings from the Old Testament as well as from both the Epistles and the Gospels of the New Testament. Some latitude in selecting Bible readings is allowed, but every service includes at least a passage from one of the Gospels, as well as the praying of the Lord's Prayer.
In the Eucharist or Holy Communion service, the Book of Common Prayer specifies that bread and wine are consecrated for consumption by the people. A valid communion is made in either species, so those wishing for whatever reason to avoid alcohol can decline the cup and still make a valid communion. A Eucharist can be part of a wedding to celebrate a sacramental marriage and of a funeral as a thank offering (sacrifice) to God and for the comfort of the mourners.
The veneration of saints in the Episcopal Church is a continuation of an ancient tradition from the early Church which honors important people of the Christian faith. The usage of the term "saint" is similar to Catholic and Orthodox traditions. Those inclined to the Anglo-Catholic traditions may explicitly invoke saints as intercessors in prayer.
Book of Common Prayer.
The Episcopal Church publishes its own Book of Common Prayer (BCP) (similar to other Anglican prayerbooks), containing most of the worship services (or liturgies) used in the Episcopal Church. Because of its widespread use in the church, the BCP is both a reflection of and a source of theology for Episcopalians.
The full name of the BCP is: "The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and Other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church Together with The Psalter or Psalms of David According to the use of The Episcopal Church".
Previous American BCPs were issued in 1789, 1892, and 1928. (A proposed BCP was issued in 1786 but not adopted.) The BCP is in the public domain; however, any new revisions of the BCP are copyrighted until they are approved by the General Convention. After this happens, the BCP is placed into the public domain.
The current edition dates from 1979 and was marked by a linguistic modernization and, in returning to ancient Christian tradition, it restored the Eucharist as the central liturgy of the church. The 1979 version reflects the theological and worship changes of the ecumenical reforms of the 1960s and 1970s. On the whole, it changed the theological emphasis of the church to be more Catholic in nature. In 1979, the Convention adopted the revision as the "official" BCP and required churches using the old (1928) prayer book to also use the 1979 revision. There was enough strife in implementing and adopting the 1979 BCP that an apology was issued at the 2000 General Convention for any who were "offended or alienated during the time of liturgical transition to the 1979 Book of Common Prayer". The 2000 General Convention also authorized the occasional use of some parts of the 1928 book, under the direction of the bishop.
The 1979 edition contains a provision for the use of "traditional" (Elizabethan) language under various circumstances not directly provided for in the book, and the Anglican Service Book was produced accordingly, as "a traditional language adaptation of the 1979 Book of Common Prayer together with the Psalter or Psalms of David and Additional Devotions."
Belief and practice.
The center of Episcopal teaching is the life and resurrection of Jesus Christ. The basic teachings of the church, or catechism, include:
The full catechism is included in the Book of Common Prayer and is posted on the Episcopal website. The threefold sources of authority in Anglicanism are scripture, tradition, and reason. These three sources uphold and critique each other in a dynamic way.
The Episcopal Church follows the "via media" or "middle way" between Protestant and Roman Catholic doctrine and practices: that is both Catholic and Reformed. Although many Episcopalians identify with this concept, those whose convictions lean toward either evangelicalism or Anglo-Catholicism may not.
A broad spectrum of theological views is represented within the Episcopal Church. Some Episcopal theologians hold evangelical positions, affirming the authority of scripture over all. The Episcopal Church website glossary defines the sources of authority as a balance between scripture, tradition, and reason. These three are characterized as a "three-legged stool" which will topple if any one overbalances the other. It also notes
This balance of scripture, tradition and reason is traced to the work of Richard Hooker, a 16th-century apologist. In Hooker's model, scripture is the primary means of arriving at doctrine and things stated plainly in scripture are accepted as true. Issues that are ambiguous are determined by tradition, which is checked by reason. Noting the role of personal experience in Christian life, some Episcopalians have advocated following the example of the Wesleyan Quadrilateral of Methodist theology by thinking in terms of a "Fourth Leg" of "experience." This understanding is highly dependent on the work of Friedrich Schleiermacher.
A public example of this struggle between different Christian positions in the church has been the 2003 consecration of the Right Reverend Gene Robinson, an openly gay man living with a long-term partner. The acceptance/rejection of his consecration is motivated by different views on the understanding of scripture. This struggle has some members concerned that the church may not continue its relationship with the larger Anglican Church. Others, however, view this pluralism as an asset, allowing a place for both sides to balance each other.
Comedian and Episcopalian Robin Williams once described the Episcopal faith (and, in a performance in London, specifically the Church of England) as "Catholic Lite – same rituals, half the guilt."
Social issues.
The preparation materials for delegates to the 2006 General Convention highlighted areas of "Social Teaching/Contentious Resolutions" made by the General Convention in the previous 30 years including race, economic justice, ordination of women, and inclusion. In some areas, such as race, the church has maintained a consistent theme. In other areas, such as human sexuality, the church has faced larger struggles.
Ordination of women.
The first woman ordained to the priesthood in the Anglican Communion was Florence Li Tim-Oi, who was ordained on 25 January 1944 by Ronald Hall, Bishop of Victoria, Hong Kong in response to the crisis among Anglican Christians in China caused by the Japanese invasion. To avoid controversy, she resigned her licence (though not her priestly orders) after the end of the war.
The three "noncompliant" dioceses were San Joaquin, Quincy, and Fort Worth. The 2006 directory of the North American Association for the Diaconate lists three women deacons in Quincy, 15 in San Joaquin, and 8 in Fort Worth. With the October 16, 2010, ordination of Margaret Lee, in the Peoria-based Diocese of Quincy, Illinois, women have been ordained as priests in all 110 dioceses of the Episcopal Church in the United States.
Slavery.
In 1861, a pamphlet titled A Scriptural, Ecclesiastical, and Historical View of Slavery written by John Henry Hopkins attempted to justify slavery based on the New Testament and gave a clear insight into the Episcopal Church's involvement in slavery. "Bishop Hopkins Letter on Slavery Ripped Up and his Misuse of the Sacred Scriptures Exposed", written by G.W. Hyer in 1863, opposed the points mentioned in Hopkins' pamphlet and revealed a startling divide in the Episcopal Church over the issue of slavery.
Charitable works.
SIM - The Society for the Increase of the Ministry.
SIM is the only organization raising funds on a national basis for Episcopal seminarian support. SIM's founding purpose in 1857 — “to find suitable persons for the Episcopal ministry and aid them in acquiring a thorough education.” SIM has awarded scholarships to qualified, full-time seminary students.
Episcopal Relief and Development.
Episcopal Relief and Development is the international relief and development agency of the Episcopal Church of the United States. It helps to rebuild after disasters and aims to empower people by offering lasting solutions that fight poverty, hunger and disease. Episcopal Relief and Development programs focus on alleviating hunger, improving food supply, creating economic opportunities, strengthening communities, promoting health, fighting disease, responding to disasters, and rebuilding communities.
Scholarships.
There are about 60 trust funds administered by the Episcopal Church which offer scholarships to young people affiliated with the church. Qualifying considerations often relate to historical missionary work of the church among American Indians and African-Americans, as well as work in China and other foreign missions. There are special programs for both American Indians and African-Americans interested in training for the ministry.
Ecumenical relations.
Like the other churches of the Anglican Communion, the Episcopal Church has entered into full communion with the Old Catholic Churches of the Union of Utrecht, the Philippine Independent Church, and the Mar Thoma Syrian Church of Malabar. The Episcopal Church is also in a relationship of full communion with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the Northern and Southern Provinces of the Moravian Church in America.
The Episcopal Church itself maintains ecumenical dialogs with the United Methodist Church and the Moravian Church in America, and participates in pan-Anglican dialogs with the Oriental Orthodox Churches, the World Alliance of Reformed Churches, and the Roman Catholic Church. In 2006 a relation of interim Eucharistic sharing was inaugurated with the United Methodist Church, a step that may ultimately lead to full communion.
Historically Anglican churches have had strong ecumenical ties with the Eastern Orthodox Churches, and the Episcopal Church particularly with the Russian Orthodox Church, but relations in more recent years have been strained, following the ordination of women and the ordination of Gene Robinson to the episcopate. A former relation of full communion with the Polish National Catholic Church (itself once a part of the Union of Utrecht) was broken off by the PNCC in 1976 over the ordination of women.
The Episcopal Church was a founding member of the Consultation on Church Union and participates in its successor, Churches Uniting in Christ. The Episcopal Church is a founding member of the National Council of Churches, the World Council of Churches, and the new Christian Churches Together in the USA. Dioceses and parishes are frequently members of local ecumenical councils as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19280773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280773" title="List of Reagan Youth band members">
List of Reagan Youth band members

The following is a complete chronology of the various line-ups of punk rock music group Reagan Youth. Reagan Youth formed in New York, NY in 1980, became inactive in 1990, and reformed in 2006, thirteen years after the death of lead singer and co-founder Dave Rubinstein.

</doc>
<doc id="19280786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280786" title="Irving Kriesberg">
Irving Kriesberg

Irving Kriesberg (1919–2009) was an American painter whose work combined elements of Abstract Expressionism with figurative elements of human and animal forms. Kriesberg made his debut with Jackson Pollock and Mark Rothko at the 1952 exhibition, Fifteen Artists, at the New York Museum of Modern Art.
Biography.
Irving Kriesberg was born March 13, 1919 in Chicago, IL 
Kriesberg's interest in art began in Chicago. In 1941 he studied at the Art Institute of Chicago School, where he received his BFA. Shortly after graduation from the Art Institute of Chicago he traveled to Mexico City. From 1941 until 1944 he studied at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plasticas, Mexico City. He had interest also in cinematography.In 1972 he received his M.A. from New York University.,
Irving Kriesberg held teaching positions in highly regarded academic institutions:
In 1945 Irving Kriesberg moved to New York City and had numerous solo and group exhibitions. His entry into the international art scene came when Dorothy Miller, curator of the Museum of Modern Art included Kriesberg in the landmark 1952 exhibition "15 AMERICANS" at MoMA. "15 AMERICANS" exhibition included Jackson Pollock, Clyfford Still, Mark Rothko, and others.
Selected Solo Exhibitions.
Retrospective: 
Awards.
Kriesberg has received two Ford Foundation grants, two Pollock-Krasner Foundation Awards, a National Endowment for the Arts Award, a Fulbright Fellowship, and the Guggenheim Foundation Memorial Award. In 1992 he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member and became a full Academician in 1994.
Museum collection.
Irving Kriesberg's paintings are held in the permanent collection of over 74 American art museums including The Museum of Modern Art, The Whitney Museum of American Art, The Corcoran Gallery, The Brooklyn Museum, The Detroit Museum of Art, The Kresge Art Museum, The National Gallery, The Butler Institute of American Art, The Birmingham Museum of Art, The Jewish Museum, The University of Michigan Museum of Art, The Dayton Art Institute, The Allentown Art Museum, The Boca Raton Museum of Art, The Rose Art Museum, The Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art, The Scottsdale MoCA, The Crocker Art Museum.
Irving Kriesberg died in New York City on November 11, 2009 at age 90.

</doc>
<doc id="19280812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280812" title="Nathaniel Stookey">
Nathaniel Stookey

Nathaniel Stookey (b. 1970) is an American classical music composer. He is the youngest composer ever commissioned for the San Francisco Symphony's New and Unusual Music Series. He collaborated with children's book author Lemony Snicket on the work "The Composer Is Dead", a musical introduction to the orchestra for children.
In 2007 as an artist in residence with Norcal Waste Stystems (San Francisco's garbage company), he composed "Junkestra", a classical composition for thirty instruments made out of trash found at the San Francisco dump. Among the instruments are a plastic trash can lid, bicycle wheels, a car bumper, potp, pans, mixing bowls, serving trays, sewer pipes, deck railing, a saw, a bird cage, a shopping cart, glass bottles, and an oil drum.

</doc>
<doc id="19280813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280813" title="Porcellana platycheles">
Porcellana platycheles

Porcellana platycheles, sometimes called the "broad-clawed porcelain crab", is a species of porcelain crab. It may reach a size of , and is found in the Eastern North Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea. It is a filter-feeding crab and it feeds on carrion and other organic debris.

</doc>
<doc id="19280836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280836" title="Synergistetes">
Synergistetes

The Synergistetes is a recently recognized phylum of anaerobic bacteria that show Gram-negative staining and have rod/vibrioid cell shape Although Synergistetes have a diderm cell envelope, the genes for various proteins involved in lipopolysaccharides biosynthesis have not yet been detected in Synergistetes, indicating that they may have an atypical outer cell envelope. The Synergistetes inhabit a majority of anaerobic environments including animal gastrointestinal tracts, soil, oil wells, and wastewater treatment plants and they are also present in sites of human diseases such as cysts, abscesses, and areas of periodontal disease. Due to their presence at illness related sites, the Synergistetes are suggested to be opportunistic pathogens but they can also be found in healthy individuals in the microbiome of the umbilicus and in normal vaginal flora. Species within this phylum have also been implicated in periodontal disease, gastrointestinal infections and soft tissue infections. Other species from this phylum have been identified as significant contributors in the degradation of sludge for production of biogas in anaerobic digesters and are potential candidates for use in renewable energy production through their production of hydrogen gas. All of the known Synergistetes species and genera are presently part of a single class (Synergistia), order (Synergistiales) and family (Synergistaceae)
Comparative Genomics and Molecular Signatures.
Recent comparative analyses of sequenced Synergistetes genomes have led to identification of large numbers of conserved signature indels (CSIs) in protein sequences that are specific for either all sequenced Synergistetes species or some of their sub-clades that are observed in phylogenetic trees. Of the CSIs that were identified, 32 in widely distributed proteins such as RpoB, RpoC, UvrD, GyrA, PolA, PolC, MraW, NadD, PyrE, RpsA, RpsH, FtsA, RadA, etc., including a large >300 aa insert in the RpoC protein, are present in various Synergistetes species, but except for isolated bacteria, these CSIs are not found in the protein homologues from all other organisms. These CSIs provide novel molecular markers for distinguishing Synergistetes species from all other bacteria. Seven other CSIs in important proteins including a 13 aa in RpoB were found to be uniquely present in "Jonquetella", "Pyramidobacter" and "Dethiosulfovibrio" species indicating a close and specific relationship among these bacteria, which is also strongly supported by phylogenetic trees. Fifteen addition CSIs that were only present in "Jonquetella" and "Pyramidobacter" indicate a close association between these two species. Lastly, a close relationship between the "Aminomonas" and "Thermanaerovibrio" species is also supported by 9 identified CSIs. The identified molecular markers provide reliable means for the division of species from the phylum Synergistetes into intermediate taxonomic ranks such as families and orders.
Phylogeny.
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature (LSPN) and the phylogeny is based on 16S rRNA-based LTP release 111 by The All-Species Living Tree Project 
Notes:
♠ Strain found at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) but not listed in the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature (LPSN)

</doc>
<doc id="19280840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280840" title="Mass fainting in Tanzania">
Mass fainting in Tanzania

Mass fainting in Tanzania is a common phenomenon of mass hysteria that is experienced by junior school girls in Tanzania. In September 2008, 20 girls at a school in Tabora started fainting while taking their final year exams. The mass fainting is being linked to neurosis related to the local practice of witchcraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19280849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280849" title="Mass City, Michigan">
Mass City, Michigan

Mass City (also known as Mass) is an unincorporated community in Ontonagon County, Michigan, United States. Mass City is located in Greenland Township along M-26, southeast of Ontonagon. Mass City has a post office with ZIP code 49948.
History.
Mass City was first settled in 1848 by Noel Johnson, an escaped slave from Missouri who discovered copper in the area; Johnson later sold the copper deposits to the Mass Mining Company. Mass City was formally organized in 1855 and named for the mass copper mined in the area. The original site of Mass City was abandoned in 1899, when Abram and Nellie Mathews platted the current site. A post office opened in Mass City on June 15, 1899; Christ P. Anderson was the first postmaster.

</doc>
<doc id="19280884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280884" title="Secretary of the State of Connecticut">
Secretary of the State of Connecticut

The Secretary of the State of Connecticut is one of the constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Connecticut. (The definite article is part of the legal job title.) It is an elected position in the state government and has a term length of four years.
The current Secretary of the State is Denise Merrill, a Democrat who has held the office since 2011.
The Secretary of the State's Office is composed of two divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="19280912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280912" title="2000 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
2000 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

David Adams and John-Laffnie de Jager were the defending champions, and won in the final 5–7, 6–2, 6–3, against Tim Henman and Yevgeny Kafelnikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19280914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280914" title="KVOU">
KVOU

KVOU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280932" title="KVPI">
KVPI

KVPI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280944" title="Dimitrios Koukoulitsios">
Dimitrios Koukoulitsios

Dimitrios Koukoulitsios was a Greek football player, one of the greatest talents of the 1970s. He played only for his hometown team Larissa from 1972 to 1979. He became a professional at the early age of 15 and he earned 119 caps, scoring 22 goals. During this period, he was a part of U-17, U-19 and U-21 Greece national teams.
Koukoulitsios died in a car accident in Thiva on 6 September 1979, along with his teammate Dimitrios Mousiaris. He was only 19. In the car was Giannis Valaoras too, who survived and became one of Larissa's best of all times.

</doc>
<doc id="19280949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280949" title="KVWC">
KVWC

KVWC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280951" title="Dimitrios Mousiaris">
Dimitrios Mousiaris

Dimitris Mousiaris was a Greek football player, one of the greatest talents of the 1970s. He played, as a professional, only for his hometown team Larissa from 1977 to 1979, earning 64 caps and scoring 10 goals. He was a part of U-19 and U-21 Greece national teams and he was recognized by the great Mimis Domazos as his heir apparent.
Mousiaris died in a car accident in Thiva on 6 September 1979, along with his teammate Dimitrios Koukoulitsios. He was only 20. In the car was also Giannis Valaoras, who survived and became one of Larissa's all-time best players.

</doc>
<doc id="19280982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280982" title="Cirimbel">
Cirimbel

Cirimbel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19280989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19280989" title="Bofors 152 mm gun">
Bofors 152 mm gun

The Bofors 152 mm gun is a naval gun. It was initially used aboard light cruisers and cruisers including the Swedish "Tre Kronor" class and the Dutch "De Zeven Provincien" class, after World War II. It is still used on the Peruvian Navy cruiser BAP Almirante Grau and is currently the largest naval gun still in active service.
The 152 mm gun was first designed in 1939 by Bofors for the "Koninklijke Marine" cruiser "Kijkduin", eventually named "De Zeven Provinciën". After the German invasion of the Netherlands in 1940 these artillery pieces were confiscated by the Swedish Government and placed on the Swedish cruiser HSwMS "Tre Kronor".

</doc>
