<doc id="20904726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904726" title="Robert Lindblom Math &amp; Science Academy">
Robert Lindblom Math &amp; Science Academy

Robert Lindblom Math & Science Academy is a public secondary school which is part of the Chicago Public School system. It is a selective enrollment, university-preparatory high school in the West Englewood neighborhood.
The school, originally constructed in 1919 and named "Lindblom Technical High School," is named for Robert Lindblom, a nineteenth-century Swedish–born trader on the Chicago Board of Trade. Designated for students intended to enter vocations in industrial and skilled trades, in the later 20th century, it developed curricula to prepare students for college and was known as Lindblom College Prep High School. On June 9, 2010 the Chicago City Council approved the designation of the Lindblom Building as a Chicago landmark by the Commission on Chicago Landmarks.
Mission.
LMSA states their mission is "to empower students to become independent thinkers in a collaborative learning environment" and "to nurture each student’s contributions to local and global communities by promoting personal responsibility, service, and intellectual and social growth."
History.
Originally named Robert Lindblom Technical High School, the four-story building was designed by architect Arthur Hussander and completed in 1919. Lindblom was designed in a Beaux-Arts style and has a neo-classical façade with Roman columns. The building contains a 2,000-seat auditorium (with two balconies), two gymnasiums, a large study hall/ballroom on the third floor with a barrel-vaulted ceiling and large skylights, a swimming pool, and a greenhouse.
It first served a population with a high number of European immigrants and emphasized the importance of education in assimilation and advancement. As the number of industrial jobs declined following World War II and the job market changed, the school curricula were changed to emphasize preparation for college, to enable students to obtain degrees needed for the changing market. The school was renamed as Lindblom College Prep High School and has served the increasingly diverse student population.
In 2003, Lindblom underwent a two-year, $42 million renovation to upgrade systems and prepare the school as a site for concentration in math and science, as planned by the Chicago Public Schools. BauerLatoza Studio was hired to develop the entire project, which modernized the architecture, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing systems. BauerLatoza Studio also designed new computer and science labs that were installed throughout the building.
The grand reopening was held by the Lindblom Alumni Association and the Board of Education on October 14, 2005. The occasion featured alumna Cheryl Burton, a prominent TV journalist in Chicago, as the mistress of ceremonies. The school reopened in the fall of 2005 as Lindblom Math & Science Academy. It welcomed its first class of freshmen and the final class of Lindblom College Prep High School graduated in the spring of 2006.
In December 2008, Lindblom received preliminary landmark status from the Commission on Chicago Landmarks. In June 2010, the Chicago City Council's Landmarks Committee approved the designation of the school as a city landmark, citing it as a “distinctive and exceptional example” of the Beaux Arts Style of architecture “with its monumental classical façade, light-colored masonry and symmetry.”"
Schedule.
Lindblom Math & Science Academy is on a block schedule. Students have four classes per day: Three that last 100 minutes; one that lasts 50, and one 50-minute lunch period. This allows students to focus on depth over breadth. 100-minute classes meet two days a week, and 50 minute classes meet four days a week. The school offers Advanced Placement (AP) courses, by which where students can earn college credit after successful completion of the course and an AP exam at the end of the school year.
Lindblom was the first high school in Chicago Public Schools (CPS) to adopt a year round balanced schedule 
Academics.
Lindblom is one of the ten selective enrollment schools in the city of Chicago. The school as a selective enrollment school offers only Honors and Advanced Placement (AP) level courses.
Academic Center.
Lindblom added their Academic Center Middle school in 2008. Being one of only several other highschools in the city that offer an Academic Center in the highschool building.The Academic Center students are commonly referred to as Ackies. The first Graduating Ackie Class will be in 2014, having spent five or six years at Lindblom.
Baxter International.
In October 2008, Lindblom became partners with Baxter International as part of its SCIENCE@WORK initiative. Baxter donated money to the schools for science education.
The objective of the Baxter Initiative is twofold. First, Baxter provides support for Lindblom's biotechnology courses. It also has contributed to the creation of the teacher professional development program, the Biotechnology Center of Excellence. Teachers from other Chicago high schools can attend professional development at Lindblom in order to create their own biotechnology programs. The initiative also provides support for Chicago's Renaissance 2010 program and the Illinois Institute of Technology’s (IIT) Instructional Development System.
Activities and athletics.
Lindblom competes in the Chicago Public League (CPL) and also is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). Lindblom offers a wide variety of sports and extra curricular activities for its students to participate in including football, basketball, baseball, softball, soccer, water polo, volleyball, cross country/track, swimming, golf, and bowling.
The Lindblom Debate Team competes in the Chicago Debate League at both the high school and middle school levels.
In the 2008-2009 school year, LMSA started its first Girls' Swim Team and Boys' Swim Team. That same year, Lindblom started its Water Polo team.

</doc>
<doc id="20904748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904748" title="Mr. Moto Takes a Chance">
Mr. Moto Takes a Chance

Mr. Moto Takes a Chance is the fourth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. The film is based on the character of Mr. Moto created by John P. Marquand, and an original story by Norman Foster and Willis Cooper called Look Out, Mr. Moto.
Plot.
Over the ruins of Angkor Wat in Cambodia we see the airplane Victoria Mason, aviatrix, flying around the globe. But her actual destination is the kingdom of Tong Moi in French Indochina. Already in Tong Moi, Mr. Moto is posing as an archeologist and newsreel cameramen, Marty Weston and Chick Davis are traveling up the river. Once she is overhead, Mason lights a flare and bails out of her smoking plane which crashes nearby. Rescued by Moto, Mason goes into the village with Bokor the head priest of Shiva. As Weston and Davis arrive at the crash site, Moto has discovered the flare that “caused” the accident.
While trying to film Mason and Tong Moi’s ruler, the Rajah Ali, Keema, the Rajah’s favorite wife mysteriously dies. Bokor claims that the foreigners and their camera caused her death and they are taken away for a trial. Meanwhile, Moto finds the true cause of Keema’s death, a poison dart. 
At the temple of Shiva, Weston and Davis are pronounced guilty and are about to be thrown into a pit when an elderly guru appears. The guru impresses Bokor with his ability to charm a snake and to not be burned by a flaming poker. Bokor releases the foreigners at the orders of the guru.
The following day Moto offers to pay the cameramen for images of the interior of the temple. They agree, and return to the temple with Mason. The three are confronted by the elderly guru who tosses their camera down the well. Bokor, seeing this, asks the guru to kill the foreigner, Moto. The guru agrees and returns to the temple, there discovering a concealed ammunition cache. After disposing of a guard, the guru disappears into a secret passage way. There he reveals himself to be Mr. Moto, in disguise. 
Moto writes a note saying that he discovered the ammunition and that Bokor is the leader of the revolt. He sends the message off by carrier pigeon but the Rajah kills the bird and intercepts the message. Later at a feast held in honor of the visitors, Moto is served the cooked bird on his plate and the Rajah reveals that he got the message.
In his cabin, Moto is markinging the secret ammunition cache on a map of the temple when one of Bokor’s men comes in to kill him. After killing the intruder, Moto disguises himself as the assassin and sneaks into the night. Bokor begins searching Moto’s cabin but is interrupted by Mason, who finds the hidden map. 
Bokor and his men follow Mason to the temple and capture her. The guru appears and pretends to hypnotize the captive. Meanwhile, Weston followed Mason to the temple and tries unsuccessfully to rescue her. Bonfire signals are made and Capt. Zimmerman the gun-runner arrives with Davis, who is taken captive as well. Zimmerman has been selling weapons to Bokor so that Bokor can start a revolution and depose the Rajah Ali. Zimmerman is killed by Yao in “payment” for his services.
When Mason reveals Moto’s identity, a fight ensues. Yao is killed and Bokor escapes and rounds up Zimmerman’s men. The four inside the temple hold off the men with the weapons that were just delivered. Mason reveals that she is a British Secret Service agent and Moto reveals that he is also a spy. Rajah Ali arrives with his army and rounds up Bokor and his men. The Rajah’s plan is to use the weapons Bokor purchased to revolt against the French. As the Rajah prepares to have Moto and the two cameramen executed, Mason distracts him so Moto can threaten to blow up the ammunition cache. The Rajah falls into the cache and the four heroes escape down the secret passage as the temple explodes.
All ends well with Mason and Weston beginning a romance and Davis planning on becoming Moto’s assistant. Davis faints when Moto tells him that his next assignment is to capture a murderer living on a volcanic island as the guest of headhunters.

</doc>
<doc id="20904754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904754" title="Carl Fredriksens Transport">
Carl Fredriksens Transport

Carl Fredriksens Transport was the code name for an operation during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany to help Jews and other persecuted Norwegians escape persecution, deportation, and murder in death camps.
Background.
The Nazi regime in Norway implemented its part of the Holocaust through a series of steps, starting with registration, then confiscation, internment and concentration, and ultimately deportation of Jews, primarily to Auschwitz. Some Jews had fled Norway to Sweden earlier in the war, but most had stayed in their homes until October 26, 1942. At that point, most men were arrested and detained in prison camps, while women and children were ordered to report to the nearest police station on a daily basis.
The escape operation.
Although the Norwegian resistance movement had maintained a network of escape routes to Sweden, they were unprepared to deal with the urgent plight of Jews who faced deportation. In addition, simultaneously with the arrest and deportation of Jews in 1942, the Gestapo launched an offensive to identify and apprehend members of the Norwegian resistance. This put pressure both on the viability and capacity of existing escape routes.
Carl Fredriksens Transport (named after Norway's King Haakon VII whose real name was Christian Frederik Carl Georg Valdemar Axel) came into being when four Jewish Norwegians appeared on the doorstep of nursery owner Rolf A. Syversen, asking for help. Through one of the leaders of Milorg, Ole Berg, Syversen contacted Alf Tollef Pettersen, who had been fired from the Norwegian police force for refusing to pledge loyalty to the Quisling regime. Pettersen had been hired to manage transportation and was intimately familiar with the roads from Oslo to the border to Sweden through Østfold. 
What started with a few nighttime drives turned into a large-scale operation. The group accepted all refugees, but charged those who could afford it 180 kroner. In time, the Norwegian resistance group Sivorg put its clandestine network and financial resources behind it. Pettersen, his wife Gerd, Syversen, and the resistance leader Reidar Larsen managed the operation. Altogether about 1,000 refugees were moved to safety, of whom approximately 500 were Jewish. The name Carl Fredriksens Transport was based on the original name of the exiled Norwegian king Haakon VII, who was Carl, son of Fredrik, but also sounded like a common Norwegian name.
After having found their way to Syversen's nursery near Carl Berners plass in Oslo, refugees were loaded on the backs of trucks, and covered by a tarp. Children were often sedated. Gerd Pettersen forged bills of lading and other necessary documents. Sivorg's network along the route would monitor German or border police patrols. 
The operation started in late November 1942. About ten truckloads a week went to the border and back in the dark of night, mostly with headlights off. By mid-January, the network had been infiltrated by Norwegian collaborators and had to be shut down. The Pettersens made a successful dash for the border in a sedan, breaking the axle just as they crossed into Sweden. Rolf Syversen stayed in Oslo, but was arrested for an unrelated matter in June. He was executed at Trandumskogen in November 1944.
Commemoration.
Although this was the largest rescue operation in Norway during World War II, it was virtually unknown for decades. In order to maintain operational security, the refugees were not aware that they were part of a larger scheme, and their rescuers' identities were kept secret in any event. Ragnar Ulstein, a historian who specialized in the stream of refugees from Norway to Sweden, uncovered the most important features during an interview with Alf Tollef Pettersen. Oslo Jewish Museum has continued the research started by Ulstein and interviewed Gerd Pettersen before she died.
In September 2010, a commemorative plaque and cast-iron truck were unveiled at the turn-off to the private road that went to the Swedish border. Filmmaker Robert Murphree is working to create a movie about the operation, historian Mats Tangestuen at Oslo Jewish Museum is writing a book, and artist Victor Lind is creating a public space at the site of Syversen's nursery he is calling "This is a Good Place" (Dette er et fint sted).
A bicycle ride, named after the operation, takes place in mid-August from Fetsund, along the original route and to the border crossing to Sweden. The Pettersen's granddaughter Ane Munkeby arranges the ride.

</doc>
<doc id="20904758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904758" title="George DeTitta, Jr.">
George DeTitta, Jr.

George DeTitta, Jr. is an American set decorator. He has been nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
DeTitta has been nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20904759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904759" title="Karl Bierschel">
Karl Bierschel

Karl Bierschel (born March 1, 1932) was a professional ice hockey player. He represented Germany in the 1952 Winter Olympics and 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20904782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904782" title="Edward Parry (Bishop of Dover)">
Edward Parry (Bishop of Dover)

Edward Parry (14 January 1830 – 11 April 1890) was a Bishop of Dover. 
Parry was the son of Sir Edward Parry, Arctic explorer, and Isabella Louisa, his wife, fourth daughter of the first Lord Stanley of Alderley.
Parry was educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford and began his ordained ministry as a curate in Norham. After time as chaplain to the Bishop of London, Archibald Campbell Tait, he became Rural Dean of Ealing. In 1869 he was appointed Archdeacon of Canterbury and in 1870 became the fourth suffragan Bishop of Dover, 273 years after the death of the third bishop. A monument to him is in Canterbury Cathedral. In 1882 he was chosen by the Australian bishops to succeed the late Bishop Barker as Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of Australia, but he declined the nomination.
Parry's sons, Edward and Sir Sydney were, respectively, Bishop of Guyana (1900–1921) & Archbishop of the West Indies (1917–1921) and a senior British civil servant. Sir Sydney wrote the article about his father in the "Dictionary of National Biography".

</doc>
<doc id="20904784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904784" title="Community of Communes Ackerland">
Community of Communes Ackerland

The Community of Communes Ackerland (French: "Communauté de communes Ackerland") is a French intercommunal structure gathering most of the communes of the Ackerland natural region, next to Kochersberg, département of Bas-Rhin, région Alsace.
History.
It was created on 16 December 1999; its administrative offices are located at "Ittenheim".

</doc>
<doc id="20904793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904793" title="George DeTitta">
George DeTitta

George DeTitta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20904803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904803" title="Moortown, Isle of Wight">
Moortown, Isle of Wight

Moortown is a part of Brighstone on the west side of the Isle of Wight. The area is known as the Back of the Wight. Previously, the only form of public transport to pass through the village is infrequent Wightbus service 36, connecting the village with Newport and Brighstone. However, this service was discontinued by the Council in September 2011.
References.
,

</doc>
<doc id="20904804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904804" title="2003 BNP Paribas Masters – Singles">
2003 BNP Paribas Masters – Singles

Marat Safin was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Tim Henman won in the final 6–2, 7–6(8–6), 7–6(7–2) against Andrei Pavel.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20904808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904808" title="Van Meter State Park">
Van Meter State Park

Van Meter State Park is a state park in the US state of Missouri. The park consists of of hills, ravines, and bottomland along the Missouri River in Saline County in an area known locally as "the Pinnacles," which for centuries were traversed by a Native American tribe known to the French settlers as “Oumessourit,” or Missouri Indians. The site contains remnants of an old Native American village and several burial mounds. The area's native history is interpreted in the park's cultural center through exhibits and murals.
Activities available at Van Meter include camping, hiking, and fishing in an lake. Natural features include a fresh water marsh, fens, and bottomland and upland forests.

</doc>
<doc id="20904824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904824" title="2003–04 NCAA football bowl games">
2003–04 NCAA football bowl games

The 2003-04 NCAA college football bowl season was a series of 28 post-season games (including the Bowl Championship Series) played in December 2003 and January 2004 for Division I-A football teams and their all-stars. The post-season began with the New Orleans Bowl on December 16, 2003, and concluded on January 30, 2004, with the season-ending Senior Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20904831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904831" title="Yang Zhenduo">
Yang Zhenduo

Yang Zhenduo (1926- ), a native of Yongnian Hsien County, Hebei, was born in Beijing, China, into the famous Yang family of martial artists. A son of Yang Cheng Fu and a great-grandson of Yang Lu Chan (the creator of the Yang style of t'ai chi ch'uan), Yang Zhenduo is a fourth-generation descendant of the Yang Family of t'ai chi ch'uan, and is the fourth lineage-holder of the style.
Biography.
Yang Zhenduo began studying the soft style martial art of t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan) at age 6 with his father, and continued studying with his elder brothers Yang Zhen Ming (Shou Zhong), Yang Zhen Ji, and his younger brother Yang Zhen Guo after his father died. Studious, patient, modest and unassuming like his father, he possesses a consummate martial arts skill. He has the deep admiration and esteem of t'ai chi ch'uan enthusiasts worldwide. Yang Zhenduo carries on the aspirations of his ancestors and has dedicated his life to the spread and popularization of the style. He has promoted Yang style t'ai chi ch'uan in order to expand the ties of friendship between the citizens of China and the rest of the world.
He has lived in Taiyuan, Shanxi Province, China, since 1960, teaching the large frame of the Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan, and has been invited many times to teach and hold seminars in many countries around the world.
He served as Vice-President of the Shanxi Wushu Association since 1980. In 1982 he founded and served as President of the Shanxi Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association, and is now its "Honorary Lifetime President". This Association has now grown to over 30,000 members throughout the Province and is the largest martial arts organization of its kind in China. In October 1998 Yang Zhenduo founded the International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association, serving as its Chairman of the Board. Under his leadership, the Association has now grown to 28 centers in 12 countries with more than 2000 members worldwide.
In 1996 the Chinese Wushu Academy recognized Yang Zhenduo as one of the "Top 100 Wushu Masters in China"
. That same year he received the honor of being proclaimed "Honorary Resident" by the Mayor of San Antonio, Texas, and in 1997 he received the "Golden Key to the City" of Troy, Michigan from its Mayor.
Yang Zhenduo has appeared several times on the covers of T'ai Chi Magazine and other martial arts publications. He has authored many articles and written books on the study of t'ai chi ch'uan, as well as produced 3 complete sets of teaching videos of the art.
While retaining his position as Chairman of the International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association, Yang Zhenduo has retired from his regular teaching activities his position as President of the Association, and has appointed his Master Yang Jun, his grandson, as its new President to continue his work.
In July 2009, at the First International Tai Chi Chuan Symposium, Grandmaster Yang Zhenduo announced that Master Yang Jun is the fifth lineage-holder of the Traditional Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan.
Disciples.
Grandmaster Yang Zhenduo acknowledges the following people as his Disciples. These individuals have studied and promoted the Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="20904838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904838" title="Georg Volkert">
Georg Volkert

Georg 'Schorsch' Volkert (born November 28, 1945 in Ansbach) is a retired German football player. He played in 410 games in Bundesliga and scored 125 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20904844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904844" title="Horst Hagen">
Horst Hagen

Horst Hagen (born January 10, 1950) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kuhsdorf, district Prignitz.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20904851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904851" title="Aura clan">
Aura clan

The Aura are a Muslim Jat tribe, found mainly in Gujar Khan Tehsil of Rawalpindi District. Chak 21 S.B. is large settlement of the Aura in Sargodha District. These Aura are immigrants from Gujar Khan Tehsil who were settled in the Sargodha region in the 19th Century. Other villages include Balakhar in Rawalpindi District and Abdullahpur in Jhelum District.

</doc>
<doc id="20904855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904855" title="23rd parallel north">
23rd parallel north

The 23rd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 23 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, North America, the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 13 hours, 33 minutes during the summer solstice and 10 hours, 43 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 23° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20904873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904873" title="Wolfgang Löwe">
Wolfgang Löwe

Wolfgang Löwe (born 14 June 1953) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Suhl.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20904876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904876" title="Conservatoire national du Pélargonium">
Conservatoire national du Pélargonium

The Conservatoire national du Pélargonium is a municipal botanical garden specializing in pelargoniums, which is located within the municipal greenhouses ("serres municipales") on the Chemin Tortiot, Bourges, Cher, Centre, France. The collection was established in 1986 and now contains 250 pelargonium species and 1,100 cultivars. It describes itself as the largest such collection in France, and has been designated a member of the French "Conservatoire des collections végétales spécialisées" (CCVS).

</doc>
<doc id="20904886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904886" title="Quadrangle Group">
Quadrangle Group

Quadrangle Group is a private investment firm focused on private equity. The firm invests in middle-market companies within the media, communications and information-based sectors.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 2000, has raised approximately $3 billion of private equity capital since inception and employs approximately 40 investment professionals in offices in New York and Hong Kong. 
Quadrangle's private equity business, Quadrangle Capital Partners, raised a $1.1 billion fund in 2000, followed by a $2.0 billion fund in 2005. Citing a not-further-identified "investor letter", a Feb. 2010 news report said the first fund had already returned the full amount to its investors and retained stakes in several companies, while the second fund had about $500 million left to invest and was up 19 percent in 2009. No 2008 fund was referenced in the report.
In February, 2009, Steven Rattner left Quadrangle when he was named as lead auto industry adviser to United States Treasury Department Secretary Timothy Geithner. A report at the time said that Michael Huber, who joined the firm in 2000, and Joshua L. Steiner would become co-presidents of the firm.
Bloomberg relationship.
In January, 2008, it was reported that New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's extensive business interests were placed in "a sort of blind trust" with Quadrangle because of Bloomberg's possible run for the presidency. Bloomberg was reported to be a friend of Rattner. Bloomberg would "continue to have control of and access to certain investment decisions." In February, 2009, when Rattner left, a report said Quadrangle would continue with its responsibilities for Bloomberg.
In February, 2010, Mayor Bloomberg "shiftabout $5 billion from Quadrangle into a new investment firm devoted solely to [Bloomberg's interest and that of his charitable foundation about a dozen employees of Quadrangle," it was reported. Moving to the new unit would be Alice Ruth, who had been recruited to Quadrangle for the Bloomberg job and "who [before that had managed the personal fortune of Gordon Moore, Intel’s co-founder."
NY State pension fund investigation.
Mr. Rattner and Quadrangle were linked to a New York pension fund investigation "within months of his '09 departure from Quadrangle, and then stepped down from his government role" summer 2009. In September, 2009, a number of other firms involved in the pension fund investigation, including Carlyle Group and Riverstone Holdings, either paid fines or had "already agreed to pay settlements and to stop using placement agents," while Rattner and Quadrangle were "among others in talks with Mr. Cuomo’s office." In April, 2010, the firm agreed to pay fines of $7 million to Mr. Cuomo’s office and $5 million to the Securities and Exchange Commission to settle its part. Rattner was not included in the agreement. According to a report, "The allegations against Quadrangle involved a movie deal that a company owned by one of the firm’s funds agreed to distribute. That film called “Chooch” was a project involving a brother of David J. Loglisci, the chief investment officer of the state pension fund. Mr. Loglisci pleaded guilty March 2010 to securities fraud and admitted that he helped steer pension money to political contributors of the former state Comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi, and to companies that paid kickbacks to Mr. Hevesi’s top political consultant, Hank Morris."

</doc>
<doc id="20904887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904887" title="History of science and technology in Mexico">
History of science and technology in Mexico

This article covers the history of science and technology in Mexico. The Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico, established in 1551, was a hub of intellectual and religious development in Mexico for over a century. During the Mexican Enlightenment, Mexico made rapid progress in science, but when the Mexican War of Independence came along, there was no scientific progress in Mexico. During the end of the 19th century, the process of industrialization began in Mexico, and it made significant progress in science and technology in the 20th century. During the 20th century, new universities and research institutes, such as the National Autonomous University of Mexico, were established in Mexico.
According to the World Bank, Mexico is Latin America's largest exporter of high-technology goods (High-technology exports are manufactured goods that involve high R&D intensity, such as in aerospace, computers, pharmaceuticals, scientific instruments, and electrical machinery) with $40.7 billion worth of high-technology goods exports in 2012. Mexican high-technology exports accounted for 17% of all manufactured goods in the country in 2012 according to the World Bank.
Early history of science in Mexico.
The Olmec, a Pre-Columbian civilization living in the tropical lowlands of south-central Mexico, calendar system required an advanced understanding of mathematics. The Olmec number system was based on 20 instead of decimal and used three symbols- a dot for one, a bar for five, and a shell-like symbol for zero. The concept of zero is one of the Olmecs' greatest achievements. It permitted numbers to be written by position and allowed for complex calculations. Although the invention of zero is often attributed to the Mayans, it was originally conceived by the Olmecs.
To predict planting and harvesting times, early peoples studied movements of the sun, stars, and planets. They used this information to make calendars. The Aztecs created two calendars one for farming and one for religion. The farming calendar let them know when to plant and to harvest crops. An Aztec calendar stone dug up in Mexico City in 1790 includes information about the months of the year and pictures the sun god at the center.
After the Viceroyalty of New Spain was founded, the Spanish brought the scientific culture that dominated Spain to the Viceroyalty of New Spain.
The Franciscan order founded the first school of higher learning in the Americas, the Colegio de Santa Cruz de Tlatelolco in 1536, at the site of an Aztec school.
The municipal government ("cabildo") of Mexico City formally requested the Spanish crown to establish a university in 1539. The Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico ("Real y Pontificia Universidad de México") was established in 1551. The university was administered by the clergy and it was the official university of the empire. It provided quality education for the people, and it was a hub of intellectual and religious development in the region. It taught subjects such as physics and mathematics from the perspective of Aristotelian philosophy. Augustinian philosopher Alonso Gutiérrez in 1553 he became the first professor of the University of Mexico. He wrote "Physica speculatio", America's first scientific text, in 1557. By the late 18th century, the university had trained 1,162 doctors, 29,882 bachelors, and many lawyers.
Educated by the Jesuits in Mexico Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora displayed an astonishing proficiency in science and mathematics. During the late 17th century he won the chair of mathematics and astronomy at the University of Mexico. Sigüenza challenged the official doctrine that comets were divine portents ofdisaster and argued for their natural origin. He is considered the first scientist of colonial Mexico to question the scholasticism that permeated the university and most of society.
Science during the Mexican Enlightenment.
During the Mexican Enlightenment, science can be divided into the four period: the early period (from 1735 to 1767), the Creole period (from 1768 to 1788), the official or Spanish period (from 1789 to 1803), and the period of synthesis (from 1804 to the beginning of the Mexico's independence movement in 1810).
During the 16th and 17th centuries, modern science developed in Europe, but it lagged behind in Mexico. The new ideas developed in science in Europe were not important in Mexico. The 1767 expulsion of Jesuits, who had introduced the new ideas in Mexico, helped to antagonize the Creoles, and also promoted national feelings among Mexicans. After the expulsion, self-taught Creoles were the first scientists in Mexico. Later on, they were joined by the Spanish scientists, and they did research, teaching, publishing, and translating texts. The ideas of Francis Bacon and René Descartes were freely discussed at seminars, which caused scholasticism to lose strength. During the Mexican Enlightenment, Mexico made progress in science. Progress were made in subjects such as astronomy, engineering, etc. In 1792 the Seminary of Mining was established. Later it became College of Mining, in which the first modern physics laboratory in Mexico was established.
Famous scientists of the Enlightenment included José Antonio de Alzate y Ramírez and Andrés Manuel del Río. Río discovered the chemical element vanadium in 1801.
Science after the Mexican War of Independence.
The Mexican War of Independence brought an end to Mexico's scientific progress. The Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico closed in 1833. For many years, there were no scientific activities in Mexico. The Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico was definitively shut down in 1865.
During the end of the nineteenth century, the process of industrialization began in Mexico. Under the influence of positivists and scientific thinkers, the government assisted in public education. In 1867 Gabino Barreda, a student of Auguste Comte, was charged with the commission aimed at reforming education. Subjects such as physics, chemistry, and mathematics were included into the secondary school curriculum. National Preparatory School was established. The influence of positivists led to a renaissance of scientific activity in Mexico.
General Manuel Mondragon, invented the first automatic rifle the Mondragón rifle during this time.
Science & Technology in the 20th Century.
During the 20th century, Mexico made significant progress in science and technology. New universities and research institutes were established. The National Autonomous University of Mexico ("Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México", "UNAM") was officially established in 1910, and the university become one of the most important institutes of higher learning in Mexico. UNAM provides world class education in science, medicine, and engineering. Many scientific institutes and new institutes of higher learning, such as National Polytechnic Institute (founded in 1936), were established during the first half of the 20th century. Most of the new research institutes were created within UNAM. Twelve institutes were integrated into UNAM from 1929 to 1973.
In the 1930s Manuel Sandoval Vallartaa Mexican physicist worked on Cosmic ray research and by the 1943 to 1946, he divided his time between MIT and UNAM as a full-time professor.
On August 31, 1946, Guillermo González Camarena sent his first color transmission from his lab in the offices of The Mexican League of Radio Experiments, at Lucerna St. #1, in Mexico City. The video signal was transmitted at a frequency of 115 MHz. and the audio in the 40 meter band. González Camarena was a Mexican engineer who was the inventor of a color-wheel type of color television, and who also introduced color television to Mexico.
In 1959, the Mexican Academy of Sciences ("Academia Mexicana de Ciencias") was established as a non-governmental, non-profit organization of distinguished scientists. The Academy has grown in membership and influence, and it represents a strong voice of scientists from different fields, mainly in science policy.
By 1960, science was institutionalized in Mexico. It was viewed as a legitimate endeavor by the Mexican society.
In 1961, the Center for Research and Advanced Studies of the National Polytechnic Institute was established as a center for graduate studies in subjects such as biology, mathematics, and physics. In 1961, the institute began its graduate programs in physics and mathematics and schools of science were established in Mexican states of Puebla, San Luis Potosí, Monterrey, Veracruz, and Michoacán. The Academy for Scientific Research was established in 1968 and the National Council of Science and Technology was established in 1971.
Ricardo Miledi, one of the ten most quoted neuro-biologists of all time, was born in Mexico, D.F. in 1927. His career in science began in 1955 when, just before graduating in Medicine at the Universidad Autónoma de Mexico (UNAM), he joined one of the most active research groups in his country, part of the Instituto Nacional de Cardiología (the National Institute of Cardiology).
Many of Professor Miledi´s studies and breakthroughs in Neurobiology, especially those related to the mechanisms of synaptic and neuromuscular transmission, are considered to be classic throughout the world. Over 450 publications are the tangible product of forty years of research devoted in the main to the primary functions of the nervous system: the transmission of information between cells. He has been a member of the Royal Society of London since 1980, and entered the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1986. In 1999 Miledi was awarded with the Prince of Asturias Award for Technical and Scientific Research. 
He has been Professor of Biophysics at the University of London and distinguished professor of the University of California since 1984. He also leads a neurobiology laboratory in UNAM in Querétaro, México.
In 1985 Rodolfo Neri Vela became the first Mexican citizen to enter space as part of the STS-61-B mission.
In 1995 Mexican chemist Mario J. Molina shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Paul J. Crutzen, and F. Sherwood Rowland for their work in atmospheric chemistry, particularly concerning the formation and decomposition of ozone. Molina, an alumnus of UNAM, became the first Mexican citizen to win the Nobel Prize in science.
The Large Millimeter Telescope was inaugurated on 22 November 2006. It is the world's largest and most sensitive single-aperture telescope in its frequency range, built for observing radio waves in the wavelengths from approximately 0.85 to 4 mm. Located on top of the Sierra Negra. It is a binational Mexican (70%) - American (30%) joint project.
In 1962, the National Commission of Outer Space (Comisión Nacional del Espacio Exterior, CONNE) was established, but was dismantled in 1977. On July 30, 2010 the law to create the Agencia Espacial Mexicana (AEM) was published. It is now on the process of defining the National Space Policy and its program of activities.
Robotics is a new area under development in Mexico, the Mexone Robot is one of the most advanced robot designs in the world
Science & Technology in the 21st Century.
The Australian Government predicts Mexico's IT spending is forecast to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 11 per cent over 2011-2015.
Based on the information managed by the Scopus, a bibliographic database for science, the Spanish web portal SCImago places Mexico in the position 28 of the country scientific ranking with 82,792 publications, and in the position 34 if considering its value of 134 for the h-index. Both positions are computed for the period 1996-2007.
The electronics industry of Mexico has grown enormously within the last decade. In 2007 Mexico surpassed South Korea as the second largest manufacturer of televisions, and in 2008 Mexico surpassed China, South Korea and Taiwan to become the largest producer of smartphones in the world. There are almost half a million (451,000) students enrolled in electronics engineering programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20904897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904897" title="Wolfgang Maibohm">
Wolfgang Maibohm

Wolfgang Maibohm (born July 11, 1951) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Schwaan.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20904902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904902" title="Passau–Neumarkt-Sankt Veit railway">
Passau–Neumarkt-Sankt Veit railway

The Passau–Neumarkt-Sankt Veit railway or Rott Valley Railway ("Rottalbahn") is a single-tracked, unelectrified branch line in southeastern Bavaria in Germany. At 98 kilometres it is the longest branch line in Bavaria.
Construction.
The line was built in two stages. After construction started in 1878 the 63 km long Neumarkt-Sankt Veit–Pocking section was opened on 1 September 1879 as a "Sekundärbahn" (secondary line). On 4 October 1883 it was given a junction at Landshut. Following the approval of its extension eastwards in 1884, the second, 35 km long, section from Pocking to Passau was completed in the years 1887 and 1888. From 6 October 1888 the route was fully operational from end to end. At 9.15 am on that day a trial train departed from Passau with seven coaches hauled by a D VII. At 2.30 pm it set off from Pocking on the return journey.
The second section was built as a "Lokalbahn"; it was markedly slower and the trackbed was clearly of lighter and cheaper construction. On 15 October 1888 the "Lokalbahn" section was opened in both directions with two mixed trains. Once the route from Pocking to Kößlarn was opened on 1 December 1914 it offered a direct linkt to Simbach am Inn.
Operation.
On 8 January 1916 at 19.30 passenger train no. 81 crashed down an embankment between Pfenningbach and Neustift due to a landslide. The engine driver died, the fireman was seriously injured, four officials and eight passengers were lightly injured. In the spring of 1933, the only 3 examples of the Class VT 133 railbus from Passau Hauptbahnhof were taken out of service. The 1934 timetable shows that, at that time, of the four passenger trains running daily, three of them were railbuses. The latter took 159 minutes to complete the journey, by contrast the steam train needed 240 minutes, of which 12 to and 15 minutes were required for water stops in Pocking and Pfarrkirchen.
As early as 1977 there were moves to close the line. But tourist traffic to the Lower Bavarian "spa triangle" ("Niederbayerisches Bäderdreieck" increased its importance again despite the unfavourable routing of the line. There were even through coaches from northern and western Germany to Pocking. On 1 September 1979 the line's centenary was remembered in Pfarrkirchen with special celebrations, not least as a protest against possible plans for closure. Uerdingen railbuses were usually used for scheduled passenger services in the second half of the 20th century.
Current Operation.
Since the opening of the Mühldorf star network ("Liniensterns Mühldorf") in 1994 the route has been worked almost every two hours (from 2001 by the SüdostBayernBahn) with Class 628 multiples on the Passau−Mühldorf route. Certain services offer a direct connexion to other termini on the network. Scheduled train crossings take place in Eggenfelden, Pfarrkirchen, Pocking, Sulzbach/Inn and Fürstenzell. In addition on Saturdays there are through services between Hamburg and Mühldorf, which are especially intennded for spa guests staying in the spa triangle of the Rottal-Inn district. From the timetable change in December 2009 it is intended to run hourly fixed-interval services on this route. To achieve that the halt at Massing will be upgraded to a crossing station. These train services will initially continue to be provided by the SOB until December 2016. To realise this project 10 million euros have been spent on upgrading the railway since 2002. As well as investment in the track, the halts have also had money spent on them. The halt at Eggenfelden Mitte was rebuilt nearer the centre of the town, those at Bad Höhenstadt, Neukirchen am Inn and Passau-Neustift were modernised. Fürstenzell station was also renovated for 115,000 euros. Moreover Sulzbach am Inn, Ruhstorf an der Rott and Engertsham will also be refurbished, for which a further 100,000 euros has been set aside.
Fares.
Between Passau and Karpfham the line is integrated into the Passau District Transport Union, between Bayerbach and Massing fares are set by the Rottal-Inn Transport Union.
Special services.
Historic railbus sets of the DB Class 798/998 type belonging to the Passau Railway Society make regular appearances on the Rott Valley Railway. No. 798 706-8 was the last VT 798 that worked the route in 1994 as a scheduled passenger train. In addition steam locomotive nos. 638.1301 and 657.2770 with twin-axled "Spantenwagen" often grace the line.
Accidents.
Accidents and near-misses occur frequently at the 100 or so unbarriered level crossings. The SüdostBayernBahn is therefore seeking to protect the unsupervised road crossings increasingly with flashing lights and barriers. On 14 August 2008 two motor scooter riders were struck by trains at different places on the line and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="20904907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904907" title="Max Swarner">
Max Swarner

Max Swarner
Current Productions.
He will star as Alan Strang in Uptown Players' upcoming production of Peter Shaffer's Equus, which will play the Kalita Humphreys Theater in Dallas, TX February 26-March 21, 2010 
Select Theatre Credits.
"Luke/Abe" (swing) in "Altar Boyz", Uptown Players 
"Che" in "Evita", Repertory Company Theatre 
"Sweeney Todd" in "", Repertory Company Theatre 
Chorus in "Casper: The Musical" starring Chita Rivera, Dallas Summer Musicals 
"Dickon" in "The Secret Garden", Repertory Company Theatre 
"Henry Higgins" in "My Fair Lady", Repertory Company Theatre / First Baptist Academy 
"Gaston" in "Beauty and the Beast", First Baptist Academy
"Songs for a New World", Repertory Company Theatre
"Kurt von Trapp" in "The Sound of Music", Garland Civic Theatre 

</doc>
<doc id="20904935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904935" title="Jürgen Maune">
Jürgen Maune

Jürgen Maune (born June 7, 1947) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Meißen.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20904938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904938" title="Michael Seirton">
Michael Seirton

Michael Seirton is an American set decorator. He has won an Academy Award and has been nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Seirton won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and has been nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20904943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904943" title="Catherine Mouchet">
Catherine Mouchet

Catherine Mouchet (born 21 August 1959, Paris) is a French actress.
She studied at the Conservatoire de Paris, following the courses of Jacques Lassalle and Claude Régy. Her performance in the film "Thérèse", directed by Alain Cavalier, won her the César Award for Most Promising Actress for 1987.
Career.
Having been acclaimed for her appearance in "Thérèse", Mouchet found that the rôle imprisoned her in the image of the Saint and, in spite of appearing in Claude Goretta's "Si le soleil ne revenait pas" in 1987, she devoted herself to theatre for a time. She appeared in works by Luigi Pirandello, ("Vêtir ceux qui sont nus"), and Alfred de Musset, ("Les Caprices de Marianne"), amongst others, and directed "La Petite dame" with Claude Guyonnet in 1992. She returned to the screen in Jean-Pierre Mocky's "Bonsoir" 1993, and in Louis and Xavier Bachelot's short film "La Plante". On television she appeared in the saga "Jalna", directed by Philippe Monnier from the books of Mazo de la Roche, and "Le blanc à lunettes", directed by Édouard Nierman, from a Georges Simenon novel. She then studied for a degree in philosophy.
She returned to the screen and played supporting roles in two Olivier Assayas films, Fin août, début septembre and Les Destinées sentimentales. She appeared in Pierre Jolivet's "My Little Business", for which she received a nomination for the César Award for Best Supporting Actress, and Philippe Harel's adaptation of Michel Houellebecq's controversial breakthrough novel "Extension du domaine de la lutte" (1999), in which she played a psychoanalyst. And she exploded the image of the enclosed nun with the role of a prostitute in Patrice Leconte's "Rue des Plaisirs". She continues to appear in a wide variety of roles in both auteur films and popular comedies, and for both first time directors and established talents.
In October 2008 Mouchet appeared at the Théâtre National de Strasbourg in Jean Magnan's ""et pourtant ce silence ne pouvait être vide"", based, like Jean Genet's "The Maids", on the Papin sisters murders in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20904946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904946" title="Tarina Patel">
Tarina Patel

Tarina Patel is a South African actress, film producer and model. Born in Cape Town and raised in The Bluff, Durban.
Early life.
Tarina Patel was raised in a suburb called The Bluff, Durban situated in the KwaZulu Natal province. She is the only daughter of Raman Patel, a doctor specialising in family and emergency medicine, and Veena Patel a teacher of English and History. Patel was raised as a Hindu and credits her paternal grandmother with instilling faith and strength in her. She attended Durban Girl's College, and exclusive private school for girls. She studied English, Afrikaans, French and Latin. The Patel family is known for their academic brilliance and when she finished school at the age of 16, she went to India to study medicine. She then returned to South Africa to complete her studies psychology at the University of the Free State in Bloemfontein. She graduated with an honours degree, summa cum laude.
Career.
Acting and film.
Patel travelled to India after competing her degree in psychology and learned Hindi - a prerequisite for an actor in the Indian medium film industry. She made her film debut in 2006 with the film One Night With The King alongside Omar Sharif and Peter O'Toole . She followed it up with the Bollywood film "Just Married" which was released on March 16, 2007. Her performance in the film attracted the attention of respected film critics and the film fraternity at large. Later she had a special appearance in "Dhol". After, she was she performed in the movie "Bhool Bhulaiyaa" which was a huge box office success and the highest grossing motion picture of year. She had the supporting role of Nandini Upadhyay in "Bhool Bhulaiyaa". Her last film released in 2007 was "Dus Kahaniyaan" which feature many of the biggest stars in India. In 2008, Patel had a small role in "Karzzzz" as Julie. In addition, she starred in "Khallbali-Fun Unlimited" which was released on November 28, 2008. In 2010, Patel starred in "Chase" as the leading lady, love interest. She has always portrayed a diverse range of characters, which have always been strong women.
She was signed to one of the Top 5 agencies in Hollywood, Paradigm during 2010 where she spent her time auditioning for movie roles during the highly competitive and challenging pilot season. She is also represented in the UK by Independent, who represent some of the best talent in the industry.
Currently she has her energies fully vested in continuing to build her film credentials and is working on a film entitled Mandela’s Gun – as the executive producer. She is working with the legendary John Irvin as the director and well on her way to producing an international docu-drama based on the Marakov pistol Nelson Mandela buried when he was a young freedom fighter. The movie has the full support of the National Department of Arts and Culture and the Department of Trade and Industry in South Africa.
Modelling.
She has appeared on numerous magazine covers including "Elle", "Dossier", "FHM", "Cosmopolitan" and "Glamour". She was one of the few South African women to feature on an "Elle" cover and was also chosen to feature in Chopard's "Some Of The World's Most Beautiful Women Wear Chopard" campaign. She featured in Burberry's trench coat campaign in India. In 2010 she walked the ramp as the show stopper for Gitanjali Jewels during their show for India International Jewellery Week. She has also appeared in advertisements for the exclusive jewellery line. She has endorsed products for Cremebelle Ice Cream, Hyundai, ICICI Bank, Polo Mints, Cadbury's Chocolate, Kingfisher, VIP Suiting, Fair & Lovely, Maruti Car, Mentor Sportswear, TBZ Jewellery, Blue Film airconditioning and Airtel. Products endorsed by Patel have to date reached record sales figures. She has featured in many music videos.
She has said that when she started modelling, she never lost sight of the fact that it was a stepping to acting. Today she is emphatic that acting and film are her passion and continues to be her primary focus.
Appearances.
Her work in film and fashion takes her straight to the front row at all the most exclusive fashion shows including Paris, Milan and New York Fashion Week and her status as a formidable actress has seen her make regular appearances on the red carpet at the Oscars as well as Cannes, Venice and Toronto Film Festivals.
As a South African pioneering a movement in the acting industry, she is considered a role model to other women and girls. As strong female leader she is often asked to lend her voice to women’s issues, presenting seminars and speeches during local Women’s Month celebrations. She is seen as the perfect example of achievement to expose other aspiring women to in hopes of inspiring them to unlock their own potential for excellence.
She was chosen to be a judge at the Miss India Universe pageant, held in Durban in 2010.
On January 9, 2011 she hosted the celebration of "The 150th anniversary of the arrival of Indian workers in South Africa". It was one of the biggest events in the country, held at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban. Amongst the 100, 000 people in attendance was President of South Africa, Jacob Zuma and various ministers. The event was broadcast worldwide. In the same year she also performed a dance routine as the opening to the Top 4 installment of popular talent search show, Idols.
In 2012 she made appearances at the South African Film and Television Awards and The South African Sports Awards, where she presented the Best Actor and Sportsman of the Year awards respectively.
Philanthropy.
She uses her influence to raise money for the Smile Foundation’s work in providing free reconstructive surgery to children with facial deformities. She documents missions in an endeavour to increase awareness of the cause. In her own words, her job is to “inspire, encourage and reward” the children she works with through her visits to rural schools where she reads and gives inspirational talks to the learners. She is fervently passionate about advocating education as a means to uplift the youth of Africa.
She is closely aligned to the custodians of the Clinton Foundation and has great belief in what they advocate. The organization works to strengthen the capacity of people throughout the world to meet the challenges of global interdependence. The Foundation focuses on four critical areas: health security; economic empowerment; leadership development and citizen service; and racial, ethnic and religious reconciliation. It works principally through partnerships with like-minded individuals, organizations, corporations, and governments, often serving as an incubator for new policies and programs. As a contributor to this cause Tarina was most instrumental in organizing and coordinating the African reception of the Clinton Global Initiative on its visit to Africa in 2010.
She is also involved with the Nelson Mandela Children’s Hospital trust and is constantly raising awareness to bring investment to the cause for building a state-of-the-art specialist paediatric tertiary and academic referral hospital. She has arranged a number of charity benefits and auctions to raise funds for the cause.
In August 2013 she allowed herself to be immortalized by arguably South Africa’s best artists, Lionel Smit, for charity. The Glamour Aid Charity and Art Auction raised a phenomenal amount of money for charity by auctioning paintings of South African celebrities including one of Nelson Mandela. Tarina’s painting fetched the highest bid on the night. Giving her face was not enough for her though; she purchased the painting as well and contributed her personal funds to the cause.
Personal life.
Patel married Iqbal Meer Sharma on February 21, 2009 in a lavish 4 day Hindu ceremony at Pinnacle Point, Johannesburg. The wedding was considered the event of the year. Her husband is the nephew of Ismail and Fatima Meer, great South African political activists and freedom fighters who are the best friends of Nelson Mandela. He is the former Deputy Director General of South Africa's department of Trade and Industry. He was the head of Trade Investment South Africa (TISA). He currently heads ISSR business in the private sector.

</doc>
<doc id="20904958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904958" title="Karl Kroeger">
Karl Kroeger

Karl Kroeger (born April 13, 1932) is an American composer and professor of music at several universities.
Kroeger was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He studied at the University of Louisville under such people as Claude Almand. After receiving a Masters of Music at Louiville, Kroeger went to study at the University of Illinois. Here his main teacher was Gordon Binkerd.
Kroeger was head of the American Music Collection at the New York Public Library from 1962-1964. In 1967 Kroeger joined the faculty of Ohio University. He then began studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, after which he transferred to Brown University where he completed his Ph.D.
Since then Kroeger has directed the Moravian Music Foundation in Winston-Salem, North Carolina as well as been a professor at the University of Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20904971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904971" title="American Prometheus">
American Prometheus

American Prometheus: The Triumph and Tragedy of J. Robert Oppenheimer is a biography of J. Robert Oppenheimer by Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin published by Alfred A. Knopf in 2005. Twenty-five years in the making, the book was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography. It also won the 2008 Duff Cooper Prize.
The book's title refers to the legend of Prometheus, as mentioned in "Scientific Monthly" in September 1945:

</doc>
<doc id="20905003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905003" title="David Balakrishnan">
David Balakrishnan

David Balakrishnan (born 1954 Los Angeles, California) is the founder of the Turtle Island Quartet.
Life.
After graduating from UCLA in 1976 with a B.A. in music composition and violin, he moved to the San Francisco Bay Area, where he quickly established his reputation as a talented young improvising violinist, appearing on many recordings and making guest appearances with the David Grisman Quartet and jazz violin legend Stephane Grappelli. In 1981 he undertook a Masters Degree program in music composition at Antioch University West, where his groundbreaking work integrating stylistic elements of jazz, European classical, American folk and Indian classical music led to the creation of the Turtle Island Quartet in the fall of 1985.
His tenure with TIQ has included several recordings on labels such as Windham Hill, Chandos, Koch and Telarc, which released their most recent CD, 2008 Grammy winning “A Love Supreme: The Legacy Of John Coltrane.” Their previous Telarc release, “4+Four,” in collaboration with the Ying Quartet, also won a Grammy in the same category, Classical Crossover, in 2006. Balakrishnan has also himself received two GRAMMY nominations in the category of best instrumental arrangement, the first for his arrangement of Dizzy Gillespie's "A Night In Tunisia" from TIQ's first recording, and the second for his arrangement of “You’ve Changed,” from their 2002 release Danzón, featuring clarinetist Paquito D’Rivera. Other TIQ credits include soundtracks for major motion pictures, TV and radio credits such as the Today Show and All Things Considered, feature articles in People and Newsweek magazines, and collaborations with famed artists such as The Manhattan Transfer, pianists Billy Taylor and Kenny Barron, the Ying Quartet and the Parsons Dance Company.
Balakrishnan has been awarded numerous composing grants, both from private sources such as conductor Marin Alsop, who commissioned his piece for violin and orchestra, “Little Mouse Jumps,” as well as national service organizations such as the National Endowment for the Arts and Meet The Composer foundations. In 2005 he received a MTC/ASOL “Music Alive” three year extended residency with the Nashville Chamber Orchestra, for which he is composing six orchestral works. The NCO also commissioned Balakrishnan’s composition “Darkness Dreaming,” which premiered in April 2004 with guitarists Sharon Isbin and John Jorgenson. His piece, “Spider Dreams” (1992), has been widely performed and recorded throughout the world by a diverse array of musical organizations, including a live recording by Turtle Island with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra conducted by Neeme Järvi on Chandos Records. A 2002 commission awarded by a consortium of presenters headed by the Lied Center of Kansas City resulted in a string octet entitled “Mara’s Garden Of False Delights,” which is featured on Turtle Island String Quartet’s Grammy winning Telarc release, “4 plus Four.” His most recent commission is again from the Lied Center, who received a Creative Campus grant from the Duke foundation, for which Balakrishnan is composing a full length work involving theatre, dance, video, and Turtle Island with the KU wind ensemble that is an artistic response to the social issues concerning the various theories of evolution, both scientific and cultural, entitled “The Tree Of Life.”
Compositions and Performances.
Trishula, for violin and symphony orchestra
Groove In The Louvre, for guitar, string quartet and string orchestra
The Second Wave, for guitar and string octet
Confetti Man, for String Orchestra
Darkness Dreaming, for violin, two guitars and Chamber Orchestra
Mara’s Garden Of False Delights, for string octet
InterPlay for Mandolin Quartet and Violin
Concertino For Jazz Violin And Orchestra: Little Mouse Jumps
Spider Dreams, seven movements for jazz string orchestra
The Iron Fist Of Fashion, two movements for string quartet and big band

</doc>
<doc id="20905024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905024" title="Nino Martini">
Nino Martini

Nino Martini (8 August 1905, Verona, Italy — 9 December 1976, Verona, Italy) was an Italian operatic tenor and actor. He began his career as an opera singer in Italy before moving to the United States to pursue an acting career in films. He appeared in several Hollywood movies during the 1930s and 1940s while simultaneously working as a leading tenor at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. 
Martini possessed a warm lyric tenor voice that had a wide range and considerable amount of coloratura facility. He sang mostly within the Italian repertoire that encompassed the bel canto literature of Rossini, Donizetti, and Bellini, the grand operas of Giuseppe Verdi, and the verismo operas of Giacomo Puccini.
Biography.
Martini studied singing under Giovanni Zenatello and Maria Gay who were married and both well known opera singers. In 1925 he made his professional opera debut in Milan as the Duke of Mantua in Verdi's "Rigoletto". Shortly thereafter he toured Europe as a concert artist appearing in many of the continent's major music centers. While in Paris he was discovered by the film producer Jesse Louis Lasky who engaged him for several Italian language speaking roles in short films. 
In 1929, under the influence of Lasky, Martini immigrated to the United States to pursue a film career. His first appearance was in the Paramount Pictures all-star revue film "Paramount on Parade" (1930), in which he sang the song "Come Back to Sorrento" in one of the film's Technicolor sequences. This film has been restored by the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
Further forays into film were postponed, however, as Martini decided to continue to pursue an opera career. He made his U.S. opera debut in 1931 in Philadelphia. This was followed by several broadcasts of opera for radio. In 1933 Martini joined the roster at the Metropolitan Opera, making his debut on December 28 as the Duke of Mantua. He appeared in several more productions at the Met over the next thirteen years, singing the roles of Alfredo in "La Traviata", Carlo in "Linda di Chamounix", Edgardo in "Lucia di Lammermoor", Ernesto in "Don Pasquale", Rinuccio in "Gianni Schicchi", Rodolfo in "La Bohème", and Ruggero in "La Rondine". His last performance at the Met was as Count Almaviva in "Il Barbiere di Siviglia" on April 20, 1946.
While performing at the Met, Martini occasionally returned to Hollywood to appear in films, mostly appearing in pictures directed by Lasky. His film credits include "Here's to Romance" (1935), "Music for Madame" (1937), and "The Gay Desperado" (1936). The latter film featured Ida Lupino as his co-star, was directed by Rouben Mamoulian, produced by Mary Pickford, and released by United Artists. His last film appearance was in "One Night With You" in 1948.
In 1945 Martini portrayed Rodolfo to Grace Moore's Mimi for the inaugural performance of the San Antonio Grand Opera Festival. In the late 1940s and 1950s Martini continued to perform as a singer mostly on the radio. He eventually returned to Italy where he lived in Verona until his death in 1976.
Recordings.
Martini made a few recordings of opera arias for Columbia Records who also produced the soundtracks to several of the films that he appeared in. He also recorded some music with RCA Victor and recorded the entire role of Ernesto in "Don Paquale" with the Metropolitan Opera in 1940 opposie Bidu Sayão in the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="20905030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905030" title="Wolfgang Weise">
Wolfgang Weise

Wolfgang Weise (born June 12, 1949) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leipzig.
In 1972 he was part of the East German team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20905037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905037" title="List of old-growth forests in Massachusetts">
List of old-growth forests in Massachusetts

The following is a list of old-growth forests in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Old growth is defined as those forests that have not been logged (and have not been significantly disturbed by human beings) in the last 150 years. "Virgin forests" are those old-growth forests that show no sign of having ever been logged. 
A total of of old-growth forest has been identified in Massachusetts. Massachusetts' old growth occurs almost entirely within the Northeastern Highlands ecoregion. The following list identifies some of the sites and their locations:

</doc>
<doc id="20905049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905049" title="AIA Columbus">
AIA Columbus

AIA Columbus is a chapter of the American Institute of Architects. Founded in 1913, it is one of the largest urban components of the American Institute of Architects in the Midwestern United States, with members throughout Central and Southeastern Ohio. 
The Columbus Chapter serves a 32-county area, including Ashland, Athens, Coshocton, Crawford, Delaware, Fairfield, Franklin, Gallia, Guernsey, Hocking, Jackson, Knox, Lawrence, Licking, Madison, Marion, Meigs, Monroe, Morgan, Morrow, Muskingum, Noble, Perry, Pickaway, Pike, Richland, Ross, Scioto, Union, Vinton, Washington, and Wyandot counties. The Chapter has approximately 700 members and affiliated members, and is the largest of seven components in the State of Ohio. We seek to be the authoritative source for information on the built environment and to be the credible voice of the profession. The Chapter is headquartered in the capital city of Columbus, currently in the Center for Architecture at 50 West Town Street, Suite 110, in the historic Lazarus building. The Chapter is currently led by President John C. Kelleher, AIA. 
History.
The Chapter was preceded by an organization called the Columbus Society of Architects, begun circa 1909, with Frank L. Packard, FAIA, as its president. The organization had 45 members, developed a sketch club among the city's draftsmen, and formed a committee for the purpose of establishing a connection with the Institute.
The location of the Chapter's Charter is currently unknown, so we don't have verifiable evidence of the names of our Charter Members. However, the 1914 Annuary, or directory of AIA Members, lists as a Fellow: Frank L. Packard, and as Members: C. W. Bellows, G. H. Bulford, A. A. Dole, F. W. Elliott, O. D. Howard, Carl Eugene Howell, Charles L. Inscho, C. E. Howell (duplicate), J. E. McCarty, Roy J. Merriam, C. E. Richards, and J. W. Thomas, Jr. In addition to the Institute Members, there were 18 Non-Institute or Chapter Members. Early Chapter Members on the Annual Reports to the Institute included Ralph Snyder and Otto C. Darst. This category of membership was abolished by Institute Convention in 1916. 
The Chapter was originally organized as a For-Profit Corporation (prior to the establishment of Ohio's non-profit corporate laws) on May 7, 1913. The Chapter was chartered by the American Institute of Architects on May 21, 1913. On April 23, 1959, the chapter filed articles of incorporation as a Not For Profit Corporation with the Ohio secretary of state.
Foundation.
In 1974, the Chapter established a 501(c)(3) organization to encourage knowledge, understanding and appreciation of the built environment of the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area; to produce a guide to its architectural heritage; to establish and maintain an archive for collecting and disseminating information relative to its development; and to receive and maintain funds relative to its exempt purposes. The original name was "Foundation of The Columbus Chapter of The American Institute of Architects" according to the original Articles of Incorporation accepted by the Secretary of State on December 4, 1974. The name was changed to "Columbus Architecture Foundation" on October 9, 1978. The first tangible project produced by the foundation was a coffee table book titled "Architecture: Columbus", self-published in 1976. In 2008, a second publication titled "The AIA Guide to Columbus" was published by Ohio University Press.
Strategic Plans.
In 1999, the Chapter developed its first known strategic plan. One objective of the 1999 plan included the engagement of a media consultant to coordinate the Chapter's public outreach efforts. In 2002, the chapter developed Architecture Columbus, an annual signature series of events that celebrate outstanding architecture and design and its role in enhancing a community’s quality of life, includes three separate programs held over two days. The Chapter advocates that the role of the architect is to promote a better built environment. In 2008, the Chapter revisited the plan and developed a new direction for public outreach that includes establishing a Center for Architecture. The Strategic Plan may be viewed in the 2008 Year in Review at http://issuu.com/aiacolumbus/docs/yir_2008.
Leadership.
The officers of AIA Columbus were as follows:
Note: Dates of death marked "circa" (e.g., c1999) are estimated by the expiration date of the architect's license.
Fellows.
Fellowship is one of the highest honors an AIA member may receive. Members that are elevated to Fellowship become members of the College of Fellows. The Fellows of AIA who were located within the current territory of AIA Columbus, or were its members in alphabetical (last name) order are as follows:
Note: Dates of death marked "circa" (e.g., c1999) are estimated by the expiration date of the architect's license.
Organization.
The location of the Chapter has changed but a few times over the years. The address listed on the Chapter's original Articles of Incorporation is 50 West Broad Street, Suite 2440, Columbus 15, Ohio. The building at this address is a 44 story structure built 1924-27, and was originally known as the American Insurance Union Citadel. Designed by C. Howard Crane of Detroit in the Art Moderne style, it is currently known as the LeVeque-Lincoln Tower. At the time of its construction, it was the tallest building in the state, and was known as the "first aerial lighthouse" in the country, as it served as a guide to aviators. The original Statutory Agent for the Chapter was listed as Hugh Wait.
In 1976, when the book "Architecture: Columbus" was published, the Chapter's offices were located at 1631 Northwest Professional Plaza, Columbus, Ohio 43220. These quarters were a more modest suburban style office complex. The Statutory Agent and Executive Director of the Chapter was Inez L. Kirby, Honorary AIA. For a period of time, Ms. Kirby served concurrently as Executive Director of the Columbus Chapter and the Architect's Society of Ohio, currently known as AIA Ohio, A Society of the American Institute of Architects.
In 1999, the Chapter relocated back into the downtown area, directly across West Broad Street from its original quarters. On the Subsequent Appointment of Agent form naming Amy M. Kobe, Honorary AIA,Director 1997-2004 as the Chapter's Statutory Agent, accepted by the Secretary of State on September 23, 1999, the address is listed as 21 West Broad Street, Suite 200, Columbus, Ohio 43215. The structure at this address is known as the Wyandotte Building, and was built 1894-97. Designed by Daniel Hudson Burnham, FAIA, the eleven story "Chicago School" Commercial Style structure is identified in "Architecture: Columbus" as the city's first steel-framed skyscraper. The Chapter initially occupied the smaller eastern half of the second floor, shared with two elevator shafts. A few years later, the office moved to the larger suite on the western side of the two-story atrium and elevator lobby, with Diane Deane Director 2004-2008 serving as Executive Director.
A decade later, on December 30, 2009, the chapter moved its offices to much larger quarters at 380 East Broad Street, Columbus, Ohio 43215. This building is a former automobile dealership (Byers Chrysler-Plymouth), and housed the first home of the Center for Architecture and Design. A juried design competition for the facility was administered by the Columbus Neighborhood Design Assistance Center in early 2009. The competition winner was Lincoln Street Studio. This space proved too ambitious for the capital campaign effort.
In December 2012, after a foundation-led capital campaign and four months of construction, the chapter and foundation moved into new quarters in the Lazarus Government Center operated by the Columbus Downtown Development Corporation (CDDC). The foundation holds the lease with CDDC and subleases a pro-rated portion of the space to the chapter. The two organizations have a management agreement in place that structures the relationship and use of staff resources.
The Chapter's current Executive Director and Statutory Agent is Gwen Berlekamp Director 2008 to present, who previously served on staff as the Chapter's Member Services Coordinator. Gwen is also the Executive Director and an ex-officio non-voting member of the foundation's board of trustees.
State Component.
In 1891, there was an Ohio Chapter of the AIA that reported 45 members, including 30 Fellows of the Institute, and described problems with competing with local chapters for membership. The chapter reported that it held one meeting a year. Included in the Fellows were J.M. Freese, H.A. Linthwaite, and J.W. Yost of Columbus. The report also indicated that G.H. Maetzel of Columbus died in the previous year. At the Annual Convention in 1892, J. W. Yost of Columbus offered a resolution requesting the Board of Directors to suggest to the local chapters that they endeavor to form state organizations that might advance the interests of architects in the various state legislatures. Mr. Yost's motion was seconded and referred to the Board of Directors.
The Chapter is affiliated with a state component currently known as AIA Ohio, A Society of the American Institute of Architects. It was previously called the Architect's Society of Ohio (ASO). The state component was formed shortly after the Chapter, and an item in The Ohio Architect Engineer and Builder identifies January 18 and 19 of 1916 at the Virginia Hotel in Columbus as the first annual meeting of the Ohio Association of Architects, originally organized as the Ohio Association of Chapters of the Institute. Officers included George M. Anderson of Cincinnati, president; C.W. Bellows of Columbus, vice president; and Herbert B. Briggs of Cleveland, secretary-treasurer. The first item of business for the new organization was to advise the Office Building Commission on engaging an advisor for a building proposed for the statehouse grounds. The state component describes itself as a federation of the seven AIA chapters in the state and continues to focus on legislative advocacy issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20905050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905050" title="Polikarpov I-17">
Polikarpov I-17

__NOTOC__
The Polikarpov I-17 was a Soviet single-seat fighter prototype designed and built by a team headed by Polikarpov at the Central Design Bureau (TsKB)
Development.
The I-17 was a lightweight single-seat low-wing cantilever monoplane. Developed under the design bureau designation TsKB-15 it first flew on 1 September 1934 powered by a 567 kW (760 hp) Hispano-Suiza 12 Ybrs engine. The second prototype designated the TsKB-19 had a revised inward retracting wide-track main landing gear and a Soviet M-100 engine. This second prototype was displayed at the 1936 "Salon de l'Aeronautique" in Paris. The third prototype designated the TsKB-33 had reduced armament to save weight and a revised engine cooling system, but the further development was abandoned in 1936.
A number of related unbuilt projects were also under development including the I-17Z parasite fighter under the designations TsKB-25 with a M-34RNF engine and the TsKB-43 with a Hispano-Suiza engine, none were built.

</doc>
<doc id="20905076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905076" title="Harold Bilbrough">
Harold Bilbrough

Harold Ernest Bilbrough (1867–15 November 1950) was the fourth Anglican Bishop of Dover in the modern era.
Life and career.
Bilbrough was educated at Winchester and New College, Oxford, he began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at St Mary’s, South Shields and was successively Vicar of St John’s, Darlington, Rural Dean of Jarrow and then Sub-Dean of Liverpool Cathedral before his elevation to the episcopate as Bishop of Dover in 1916. He was nominated Bishop of Newcastle on 14 September and installed on 5 October 1927; he retired on 1 October 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20905101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905101" title="Serbia Open">
Serbia Open

The Serbia Open () was an ATP World Tour 250 series men's tennis tournament held in Belgrade, Serbia and played on outdoor clay courts. The event was held for the first time in 2009, from May 4–10. It was the first for Serbia, as the country never before hosted an Association of Tennis Professionals or a Women's Tennis Association tournament.
Andreas Seppi was the event's last singles champion, having won the tournament in 2012.
The tournament was owned and run by the family of Novak Djokovic, who through their company Family Sport purchased the ATP Tour date from the organizers of the Dutch Open in 2008, then arranged with the local city of Belgrade authorities for the plot of land where the venue was built, and convinced the Serbian government under prime minister Mirko Cvetković to support the event through state-owned enterprises, primarily Telekom Srbija. At the time of their purchase in 2008, Djokovic was the #3 player in the world having won his first Grand Slam title earlier that year.
Djokovic's uncle Goran was the tournament director from its inception, until he resigned the post in late May 2012, a month after the tournament's 2012 edition. Djokovic won the tournament twice, in 2009. and 2011. 
In 2013, Serbia Open was replaced on the ATP schedule by the newly established Power Horse Cup in Düsseldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="20905122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905122" title="Bullion Stone">
Bullion Stone

The Bullion Stone is a late carved Pictish stone, which is unusual in containing a figure; it dates to c. 900-950. It was discovered in 1933 during the construction of a road in Angus, Scotland, and is now located in the Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh. The image on the stone is unique amongst Pictish stones discovered thus far. It depicts a bald, bearded man on a weary horse, carrying a shield and drinking from a very large drinking horn with a bird's head terminal, a parallel that has been noted to the Torrs Horns, also in the museum, of nearly 1,000 years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20905126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905126" title="Karl-Heinz Geils">
Karl-Heinz Geils

Karl-Heinz Geils (born 20 May 1955) is a retired German football player. He played 405 games in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="20905128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905128" title="Horst Peter">
Horst Peter

Horst Peter (born April 24, 1946) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leipzig.
In 1968 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played seven matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the East German team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20905137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905137" title="Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire">
Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of West Yorkshire, by metropolitan district.

</doc>
<doc id="20905139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905139" title="Siskiyou Union High School District">
Siskiyou Union High School District

The Siskiyou Union High School District is a public secondary education school district in Siskiyou County, California. There are presently five small rural high schools within the district, four of which are traditional secondary education facilities: Mt. Shasta High School, Weed High School, Happy Camp High School, and McCloud High School; the fifth, Jefferson High School is the district's continuation school. District offices are located in Mount Shasta, California. 
Enrollment at each of the district's schools is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20905145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905145" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Cumberland County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20905152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905152" title="Serres de l'Université de Bourgogne">
Serres de l'Université de Bourgogne

The Serres de l'Université de Bourgogne are greenhouse botanical gardens operated by the University of Burgundy. They are located at 8 rue du Recteur Marcel Bouchard, Dijon, Bourgogne, Côte-d'Or, France.
The greenhouses were established in 1966 and consist of a palm house, laboratories, and six greenhouses designated for hot, temperate, and cold climates, cactuses, experiments, and multiple purposes. They preserve various threatened plants of Bourgogne, and also contain a range of tropical and sub-tropical genera such as "Psilotum" and "Lycopodium", tropical aquatics such as "Eichhornia" and "Salvinia", carnivorous plants including "Sarracenia" and "Darlingtonia", and epiphytes including Bromeliaceae and Orchidaceae. Collections also include a herbarium (5,000 specimens of historic interest) and teaching models of plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20905171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905171" title="The Love Chronicles">
The Love Chronicles

The Love Chronicles is the second album by Canadian R&B singer Divine Brown.
Track listing.
14. Lay It On The Line (The Starting From Scratch + Solitair Retouch) - 3:44 
15. Dance With Me - 3:52
iTunes bonus:
16. Lay It On The Line (Music Video) - 3:46

</doc>
<doc id="20905212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905212" title="Main-Lahn Railway">
Main-Lahn Railway

The Main-Lahn railway (), also called the Limburg railway ("Limburger Bahn"), is a double-track, electrified main railway line in Germany. The long line extends from Frankfurt Central Station ("Hauptbahnhof") to Eschhofen, a borough of Limburg an der Lahn. 
From Frankfurt to Niedernhausen, it operates as Rhine-Main S-Bahn S-2 and carries Deutsche Bahn route number 645.2. From Frankfurt Central Station to Frankfurt-Höchst, it also carries S-Bahn S-1 (which then follows the Taunus railway to Wiesbaden). From Niedernhausen to Eschhofen, it takes over Route number 627 from the Ländches Railway ("Ländchesbahn"). From Eschhofen, the line leads into the Lahn Valley Railway ("Lahntalbahn").
History.
A middle route through the Taunus between the Main and Lahn River valleys had been considered since 1850. However, construction was only begun under Prussian rule on 25 March 1872. The concession was awarded to the Hessian Ludwig Railway ("Hessische Ludwigsbahn", or HLB). The construction began from Eschhofen and each finished section initially served mainly to transport material to the construction further forward. 
The first section between Eschhofen and Niederselters was opened to traffic on February 1, 1875. The entire track was completed on 15 October 1877. The line from Niedernhausen to Wiesbaden Central Station, called the Ländchesbahn Railway, was launched on 1 July 1879. 
Between 1911 and 1913, the single-track line was converted to double track. In 1971, the track was electrified between Frankfurt-Höchst and Niedernhausen, and in 1986 between Niedernhausen and Limburg.
Operations.
The operation of steam locomotives ended in 1972. In 1978, S-Bahn line S 2 opened between Frankfurt Hbf and Niedernhausen. The S-Bahn line is now usually operated with class 423 electric multiple units, with some class 420 sets used for peak hour shuttle services. Regionalbahn and Regional-Express services have been operated with class 143 locomotives since early 2006 and modern double-deck carriages since 2008. In addition services on the section from Limburg to Niedernhausen are operated with LINT by vectus Verkehrsgesellschaft, which usually continue over the Ländches Railway to Wiesbaden.
Future.
It is planned in the coming years to replace the tunnel in Eppstein with a new tunnel because the old tunnel needs to be restored urgently and doing this with full operation of services would lead to years of disruption of rail services. In addition, a new tunnel would be cheaper in the long run, as a new concrete lining inside the tunnel would reduce the cross-section to the extent that it could no longer be operated as two tracks, and therefore a new tunnel would have to be built for traffic in the opposite direction anyway.
In this context, Eppstein station is to be rebuilt. The old station, which is a heritage-listed building, is no longer used by the railway. It was refurbished in 2007 and is now used as a government shopfront and a restaurant. The freight hall, which was also a heritage-listed building has been demolished. The new tunnel will connect to new track in the station area, including additional new platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="20905223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905223" title="Eckehard Pietzsch">
Eckehard Pietzsch

Eckehard Pietzsch (born October 14, 1939) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Blumberg near Torgau, Nordsachsen.
In 1968 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the East German team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20905225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905225" title="Frantz Casseus">
Frantz Casseus

Frantz Casseus 
(1915–1993) was a Haitian guitarist and composer.
Although born and raised in Port-au-Prince, Haiti he spent most of his adult life in the United States. His music maintained a focus on Haitian folk forms, which he incorporated into his recordings and his published compositions. Casseus was also an early guitar teacher to the musician Marc Ribot, who has played a significant role in preserving Casseus' musical legacy. As part of these efforts, Ribot edited a collection of Casseus' solo guitar compositions, and performed those same pieces on a CD issued in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20905227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905227" title="M47 bomb">
M47 bomb

The M47 bomb was a chemical bomb designed during World War II for use by the U.S. Army Air Forces.
Design.
The bomb was designed for aerial bombardment and maximum efficiency after being dropped. Therefore, the bomb had a very thin metal sheet as its only cover, as little as 1/32 of an inch. The bomb is approximately 8 inches in diameter, with a nose the shape of a hemisphere. The M108 bomb fuse at the nose of the bomb detonated the weapon, allowing for the release of the contents inside. The bomb is designed to carry either White Phosphorus (WP) or a Mustard agent (H). However, the H bomb filler was found to leak from the bomb when loaded, and the M47 and its variant M47A1 were not allowed to be loaded. This was due to the thin steel walls on the weapon. In storage and handling, both corrosion and rough handling were found to cause the bomb to leak. When the bomb is loaded with the chemical filler H, it weighs approximately 93 pounds, 73 of which are from H.
The M47 bomb can also be used as an incendiary device as well. A mixture of rubber and gasoline can be used in the field to produce a crude incendiary bomb. A mixture of white phosphorus and jelled gasoline also produces a flammable mixture. Other mixtures include: LA-60 in which crude latex is combined with caustic soda, coconut oil, and water, crepe rubber (CR) in which crude latex reduced to a solid by precipitation and kneading, LA-100 in which crude latex is dried until it is 100 percent solid, smoked rubber sheets (SR) in which crude latex that has been dried over a fire until it is 100 percent solid.
When used with these fillers, the bomb uses a 1-pound black powder charge to ignite and scatter the incendiary materials. The bomb typically weighs about 85 pounds when the incendiary fillers are used.
Variants.
The M47A1 was designed to replace the M47. It has a thicker steel cover that is about 1/16 of inch thick and an acid resistant corrosion cover inside. On the inside it was coated with a special oil that protected against corrosion from the agent H.

</doc>
<doc id="20905265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905265" title="List of butterflies of Maryland">
List of butterflies of Maryland

This is a list of butterflies in Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20905284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905284" title="Klaus Zaczyk">
Klaus Zaczyk

Klaus Zaczyk (born May 25, 1945) is a retired German football player. He played in 400 games in the Bundesliga. He played his only game for West Germany on February 22, 1967, scoring a goal in a 5:1 friendly win against Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="20905291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905291" title="Port Glasgow Upper railway station">
Port Glasgow Upper railway station

Port Glasgow Upper was a railway station serving Port Glasgow, Renfrewshire, Scotland, originally as part of the Greenock and Ayrshire Railway.
History.
The station was opened on 23 December 1869. On 14 February 1959, stopping passenger services from Glasgow and Paisley ceased running beyond Kilmacolm; however, the boat trains continued running, without stopping until 30 November 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20905296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905296" title="Mint Julep Handicap">
Mint Julep Handicap

The Mint Julep Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Churchill Downs racetrack in Louisville, Kentucky. Run in mid May, the Grade III event is open to fillies and mares age three and older. It is contested on Turf over a distance of one and one sixteenth miles (8.5 furlongs).
The race is named for the Mint Julep, a popular drink with racing fans at Churchill Downs, particularly seen on Kentucky Derby day. Sponsored by Early Times whiskey, the Mint Julep Handicap currently offers a purse of $150,000.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20905300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905300" title="Apache Jelly">
Apache Jelly

Apache Jelly is a Java and XML based scripting and processing engine for turning XML into executable code. Jelly is a component of Apache Commons.
Custom XML languages are commonly created to perform some kind of processing action. Jelly is intended to provide a simple XML based processing engine that can be extended to support various custom actions. 
Use by Clarity Software.
Clarity PPM Software, a product of CA Technologies, Inc. uses Jelly and an additional custom tag library extensively in the implementation of its XML Open Gateway application architecture. The Clarity language is known as GEL (Generic Execution Language) and is a scripting language that is based on the Jelly libraries.
The following example shows how Clarity implements the classical "Hello World" application. 

</doc>
<doc id="20905307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905307" title="Four room house">
Four room house

The four room house is the name given to the typical mud brick or stone Israelite house in the Iron Age of Levant. It is so named because its floor plan, the only portion typically remaining in excavated archeological sites, is divided into four sections. It is also called a pillared house because three ground-level "rooms" are separated by two rows of wood pillars holding the second floor. 
The house masters lived on the second floor, the ground floor being used as a manger for animals and for storage.

</doc>
<doc id="20905313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905313" title="Paul Reeves (Bishop of Georgia)">
Paul Reeves (Bishop of Georgia)

Life.
Paul Reeves was born October 14, 1918 in Roanoke, Virginia. He was a 1940 Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Randolph-Macon College and received a Bachelor in Divinity from Yale Divinity School in 1943. On December 18, 1943, he married Adele Ethel Beer. He was ordained as a deacon on May 6, 1948 and to the priesthood on All Saints Day (November 1) of the same year. He served as Navy chaplain aboard the USS Piedmont during World War II. After three years serving as a chaplain at Ruge Hall Florida State University Tallahassee, Florida, Reeves became the rector of All Saints Church in Winter Park, Florida. He also served as the Rector of Church of the Redeemer in Sarasota, Florida from 1959 to 1965. He served 15 years—the last eight as president—on the standing committee of the Diocese of Central Florida and was a deputy to three General Conventions. In parish ministry, he last served as the rector of St. Stephen's Church in Miami, from which post he was elected bishop coadjutor of Georgia in 1969.
He died April 15, 2010, in Asheville, North Carolina. A Requiem Eucharist was held at St. Johns Episcopal Church, Savannah.
Episcopacy.
G. Paul Reeves was consecrated as the seventh bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia at Christ Church, Savannah on September 30, 1969. He had been elected as a bishop coadjutor to succeed Albert R. Stuart on Bishop Stuart's retirement. He stood in opposition to the 1979 revisions to the Book of Common Prayer and the ordination of women in The Episcopal Church. Bishop Reeves served as diocesan bishop from 1972 through 1985. He was succeeded by Harry W. Shipps, who in recalling his predecessor in a Savannah Morning News article at the time of Reeves' death remembered both the bishop's strong views and his sense of humor, "I greatly valued his wisdom, and recall his strong commitment to the historic traditions of the Church. He had an ironic sense of humor that always amused."

</doc>
<doc id="20905338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905338" title="Mauvais œil">
Mauvais œil

Mauvais œil (French for "Evil eye") is the debut album by French hip hop duo Lunatic, released in October 2000 over the independent label 45 Scientific.
Musical style and informations.
There is a version of the album re-issued with DVD and two new added songs, "Civilisé" (original version) and "B.O. (Banlieue Ouest)".
The album is distinguishes itself by its homogeneity, dark productions and the songs' eloquent tales.

</doc>
<doc id="20905354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905354" title="Wichling">
Wichling

Wichling is a civil parish within the local government district of Maidstone. The parish lies approximately 10 miles (16 km) to the east of Maidstone. It lies near the top of the ridge of the North Downs and consists mainly of isolated farms and houses: the population is therefore small in number. 
Wichling is however mentioned in the Domesday Book as "Winchelsmere"; there is a parish church, its earliest part dating to the 12th century, dedicated to St Margaret.

</doc>
<doc id="20905374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905374" title="Anakkampoyil">
Anakkampoyil

Anakkampoyil is a village near to Thiruvambady town in Kozhikode district of Kerala, India. It is located in the hill side valley of Vellarimala. Arippara Waterfalls is situated near by here. Thiruvambady is situated 15 kilometer away from here. The important needed development of this area is that constructing Calicut - Wayanad Badal road through Anakkampoyil - Kalladi - Meppadi. By constructing this road the traffic hang over problem in Wayanad Churam can be solved. For this a 5 km road only want to construct through the forest and two small bridges want to be constructed for Iruvanjippuzha and Kaniyad river. Currently road is available from Anakkampoyil - Mutahappanpuzha - Marippuzha and from Meppadi to Thollayiram Estate. An amount of approximately one and half crore is only needed for construction and finishing of this whole work. If this road is constructed Wayanad to southern districts of Kerala transportation became easier and about 30 km can be reduced. Currently good road is available from Marippuzha - Anakkampoyil - Thiruvambady - Mukkam - Kunnamangalam. So the importance of Wayanad Badal Road through this route have been increased.

</doc>
<doc id="20905409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905409" title="CQ magazine">
CQ magazine

CQ magazine can refer to several different publications:

</doc>
<doc id="20905414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905414" title="IVUMed">
IVUMed

IVUmed is a nonprofit organization based in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA. IVUmed (formerly International Volunteers in Urology), incorporated in 1995, is the only nonprofit organization worldwide dedicated to teaching urology in developing countries. In fulfilling this mission, IVUmed provides medical and surgical education to physicians and nurses and treatment to thousands of suffering children and adults. In contrast with other surgical nonprofit organizations, IVUmed’s mission is to teach the teachers. This approach ensures the long-term sustainability of programs and fosters the professional independence of IVUmed’s partners abroad.
Organization History.
Pediatric Program
IVUmed’s founder, Dr. Catherine deVries, began forming IVUmed’s teaching and service model in Honduras in 1992. There, Dr. deVries saw the unmet need for pediatric urology education. Children in developing countries with problems of the kidneys, bladder and genitalia fell through the cracks in healthcare. Adult urologists did not care for children, and pediatric surgeons had little experience with urology. At the request of the Honduran pediatric surgeons, Dr. deVries began implementing IVUmed’s model for teaching pediatric urological reconstruction in developing countries. Over the years, IVUmed has refined its approach to address complications and problems stemming from the difficulties of doing complex urogenital reconstruction in resource-limited settings where nurses have limited education and pain management is poorly understood. In 1992, Dr. deVries began working with Honduran plastic surgeons and general urologists, and over the years moved to a more sustainable relationship with pediatric surgeons specializing in pediatric urology. Nearly 100 patients are seen during each workshop while educating primary care providers, ward nurses, pediatric surgeons, and most recently, pediatric urologists. IVUmed’s Honduras program has grown to include physicians from across the country now capable of performing relatively complex operations independent of IVUmed.
Pediatric Program Accomplishments
Following on the model developed in Honduras, IVUmed took its expertise to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam to the 800 bed Children’s Hospital #1. Before IVUmed began work in Ho Chi Minh City, South Vietnam did not have any academic pediatric urology. Between 1994 and 2005, five hundred operations were performed by the IVUmed teams and Vietnamese surgeons. Independently, and after training by IVUmed teams, local doctors have now operated on more than 7,000 patients, ages 1–22 years. Since IVUmed’s first workshop in Vietnam in 1994, its Vietnamese partners have increased surgical output (number of patients treated annually), by ten times, or 1000%.
Primary successes in Vietnam include the development of a pediatric urology program at Children’s Hospital #1 to include treatment of the most difficult urological malformations and the introduction by IVUmed of advances in pediatric anesthesiology such as epidural anesthesia for hypospadias repair. Most importantly, IVUmed’s Vietnamese partners train 3 pediatric residents and 3-6 fellows each year. They also train 4-6 adult urologists from various provinces and host urology residents for 1–2 months every year. Training provided by IVUmed in this vitally important surgical field once virtually absent from South Vietnam is now passed on by local experts to 10-15 physicians every year. IVUmed applies this model to each of its partner sites to develop sustainable, self-reliant surgical programs capable of meeting each region’s pediatric urology needs.
Women's Health Program
Building on the success of its pediatric urology program, IVUmed expanded to other areas of urological care and teaching. The women’s health program teaches physicians to treat the devastating effects of vesico-vaginal fistula (VVF), a condition that causes a woman to constantly leak urine and/or feces, typically after a long, obstructed labor.
IVUmed works with its international partners to address the enormous need for urogynecological care among women in sub-Saharan Africa, particularly in Nigeria. Women in developing countries suffering from pelvic floor injuries and incontinence, often the results of prolonged and obstructed labors, have little or no treatment available to them. In fact, experts estimate that over 2 million women in sub-Saharan Africa, and approximately 800,000 in Nigeria alone, suffer from vesicovaginal fistula (VVF), a condition in which a woman leaks urine and/or feces constantly, often as a result of injuries incurred during labor (source: Lengmang, 2007). Meanwhile, on the entire continent of Africa, there are only 388 urologists currently in practice serving a population of around 770 million. This compares to over 9,000 urologists in the United States. The ratio of urologists to the general population in the U.S. is approximately 1:30,000 whereas in most African countries the ratio is between 1:2-10 million. Several countries in Africa have no urologists at all (sources: Pan-African Urological Surgeons Association, Societe Internationale d’Urologie, 2007). This dearth of available care, along with other factors, including cultural and transportation issues, necessitate sustainable local solutions. Throughout the region, urological care is given by general surgeons, general practitioners and others. Training from IVUmed’s experts is needed among specialists and non-specialists to help address this enormous need.
Traveling Resident Scholar Program
IVUmed also sends 12-15 North American urology residents each year accompanied by mentor urologists to developing countries to exchange ideas and practices with host physicians and residents. This program affords residents from the United States and Canada many benefits, including the opportunity to work with experienced US mentors, to practice urological procedures not seen in the US and to be challenged by the unique qualities of developing world medicine. Most importantly, they develop relationships with their foreign colleagues and provide service to children and adults in desperate need of quality care. IVUmed hopes that this experience will begin a lifetime of international service for each scholarship recipient.
Awards and Recognition
IVUmed has received a number of awards in recognition of its efforts. In 2006, IVUmed founder and president, Dr. Catherine deVries, was awarded the prestigious Dr. Nathan Davis Award for Excellence in International Medicine by the American Medical Association. IVUmed was named “Best in State” in 2003 as Utah’s premier humanitarian organization. In 2002, Dr. deVries was named a “Health Care Hero” by Utah Business Magazine. In 2000, IVUmed was selected as the only surgical organization to partner with the World Health Organization, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and others in the Gates Foundation’s Global Alliance to Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis (Elephantitis). IVUmed was cited in 1999 by the Cuban Ministry of Health as the best organized and most valuable teaching team serving Cuba. In 2007, Dr. deVries was named as the first woman ever to the Societe Internationale d’Urologie (SIU) Board of Chairmen. IVUmed was consulted in the presentation of the award-winning film A Walk to Beautiful about female urological conditions.
Project Methodology.
Few people realize that urinary tract and genital abnormalities are the third most common congenital abnormality in children, ten times more common than cleft lip or palate. Hypospadias, a crippling deformity of the male genitalia that prevents normal urinary and sexual function, occurs in approximately one in every 150 boys. Other urological conditions such as urinary incontinence and bladder and kidney malformations require specialized care, yet there are very few medical personnel worldwide trained in pediatric urology. In fact, the entire continent of Africa has fewer than five pediatric urologists despite the fact that 50 percent of the region’s 750 million people are under the age of 18 and 17 percent are under the age of 5 (source: UNICEF, 2008). This enormous patient population often has nowhere to turn for the care it needs. Physicians in the developing world lack the resources to travel outside their home countries for training. Up to date textbooks and other teaching tools are also in short supply.
Methodology
IVUmed works to meet the immense demand for training in urology by implementing the model it has refined throughout its 15 year history. This involves a holistic approach intended to assist partner physicians and nurses in the development of self-reliant surgical programs.
Following a request for its services and locally obtained support from ministries of health and other governing entities in partner countries, IVUmed conducts a site visit and assessment. Once specific needs and goals have been outlined, IVUmed typically engages in a series of annual 6-14 day surgical workshops spanning 3–4 years. The first workshop involves further evaluation of the host site and personnel while instruction begins on less complex procedures, such as hypospadias repair during pediatric workshops. This is a good focus for the first workshop since it requires less sophisticated equipment and patient recovery than more complex procedures. Also, since hypospadias is the most common urological birth defect, the first workshop begins to address one of the host site’s most pressing demands. During each successive workshop, IVUmed’s goal is to effectively teach more complex cases while reinforcing training from the previous workshop. IVUmed’s ‘Teach one, Reach many’ model aims to replicate the success of sites like Vietnam, helping each partner learn the skills necessary to independently meet the needs of their patients while passing along the skills learned from IVUmed to future generations of medical personnel. This will develop a sustainable solution to an enormous healthcare need capable of growing to meet increased future demand.
To reinforce its surgical workshop training, IVUmed is developing online education tools that will present information taught at each of its workshops. Video and slideshow modules detailing surgical and patient care techniques will be available to IVUmed partners. Interactive components of the website will enable participants to communicate directly with each other and with IVUmed physicians and nurses. This approach will serve to teach techniques not directly addressed during workshops, to supplement workshop trainings and to evaluate the acquisition of knowledge by training participants. IVUmed online media is designed to be accessible in locations with low bandwidth to ensure access among partner sites.
Additionally, IVUmed has begun the Dr. Pieter A. deVries Pediatric Surgery Scholarship Fund that enables partner physicians to travel to the USA to observe and learn from IVUmed physicians and nurses. In 2007, IVUmed brought its principle Vietnamese partners to the USA for collaboration in Salt Lake City, Boston and Los Angeles. This program affords IVUmed partners the opportunity to see firsthand surgical techniques performed in the American setting.
IVUmed also assists its hosts in the acquisition of textbooks and specialized instruments and supplies. These items, scarce in the developing world, are needed to implement the training provided by IVUmed.
Locations of IVUmed's International Partners
IVUmed has partners in Bangladesh, Bolivia, Brazil, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti,
Honduras, India, Jamaica, Kenya, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Nepal, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Palestine, Peru, Senegal,
South Africa, Tanzania, Togo, and Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="20905416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905416" title="Wang Kuan-hsiung">
Wang Kuan-hsiung

Wang Kuan Hsiung was a lean dapper Taiwanese actor who was a well-known and popular leading man in the Kung Fu film genre of the 1970s and 1980s. He was cast as a romantic leading man in some of his films and he gained many female fans and is still considered a heart throb He is mostly known for his role in a 1974 film as Chan Ming Lung aka "The Iron Ox" in "Iron Ox, The Tiger's Killer", which is a tale about a student taking on a group of men, The Five Tigers in duels to avenge the death of his teacher. This film also featured a well-known actor of the genre, Wong Fei-Lung
. The others a similar vein around the same time were " "'Two Dagons Against Tiger 1974 and Chase Step By Step 1975.
His early films such as Kung Fu Queen, Chaochow Guy, Chase Step by Step, Iron Ox The Tiger's Killer AKA The Angry Fist, and Two Dragons Against Tiger, which were all "Old School" type of Kung Fu films that were produced in the 1970s.
He received a Golden Horse Award for the film "White Jasmine" aka Mo li hua, a 1980 film that also starred Sylvia Chang
He later branched out to writing and directing films that included Lewd Lizard 1979 and Yellow Skin""' 1985 as well as some production work.
Wang Kuan Hsiung is the name that he is most commonly known as but there are two others that he is often referred to as. They are Wong Goon Hung and Champ Wang.
His filmography is somewhat confusing and may be more extensive than most sites and reference books have indicated. However he has appeared in over 40 movies and credited under a multitude of names, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20905430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905430" title="Michael Freeden">
Michael Freeden

Michael Freeden is a professor of Political Ideology in the University of Nottingham's Politics and International Relations department. He is also the founding editor of the Journal of Political Ideologies. He was previously an academic at the University of Oxford.
Study of ideologies.
Freeden has been noted for his analysis of contemporary ideologies. He has rejected the traditional definition of ideologies, which sees the latter as static "belief systems", and instead bases his analysis on modern semantics. Ideologies – just like languages – consist of certain concepts whose meaning may change and evolve over time. The specific relations between ideological concepts may thus be analyzed by being set in their respective semantic fields.
Each ideology may be seen as having both "core" concepts (that is, those of the of highest importance, e.g. "class conflict" in Marxism or "freedom" in liberalism) and "peripheral" (or secondary) concepts. Concepts may gain or lose importance over time, just as new concepts may emerge (or be borrowed from other ideologies) or fall out of use entirely. Different ideologies may thus give different meanings to the same term (for instance, a concept such as "equality" will have a material definition in Marxism, while in liberalism it will rather have a legal and political importance). Concepts are thus defined by their relation to other concepts. According to Freeden, it is precisely these conceptual relations that should attract our attention, as they will be likely to evolve in the long term.
By studying the conceptual evolution of ideologies, Freeden observes that the relative "political success" of an ideology depends on its ability to impose the belief that its own conceptual definitions are the "correct ones". This thus gives rise to a form of "conceptual competition", in which each ideology performs a continuous "decontestation" of its concepts – that is, it tries to eliminate all possible contestation of its own conceptual definitions, thereby rejecting competing definitions (Marxism will thus reject "private property" as a product of the exploitative nature of capitalism, just as liberalism may view "state intervention" as an infringement of individual freedoms). Not only is this decontestation the product of an "inter"-ideological competition (between ideologies), but it is also the product of an "intra"-ideological competition (within ideologies): hence the success of Hayek's form of neoliberalism during the 1980s, or of the Marxist-Leninist trend in the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="20905436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905436" title="Claude Almand">
Claude Almand

Claude Almand was a musician and professor of music at several American universities. He was the husband of Lenoir Patton Almand. Almand was a professor at the University of Louisville. In 1953 he was appointed the dean of Stetson University's School of Music.
Almand also served for a time on the faculty of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in their music division.

</doc>
<doc id="20905460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905460" title="SBFreaks">
SBFreaks

In 1999, a group of Bay Area sport bike enthusiasts formed a club known as Sport Bike Freaks (SBF). They specialized in doing extreme sport bike riding on the street known as Stunting. Initially conceived as an avenue to bring Stunting to the main stream by developing the best in website designs along with streaming videos placed SBFreaks into the internet world as the place to hang out and meet fellow riders, original members like Darius Khashabi were dedicated to making this dream a reality.
In 2004, Sport Bike Freaks became a "recognized" Motorcycle club (MC) and also changed its name from Sport Bike Freaks (SBF) to Street Bike Freaks Motorcycle Club (SBFMC). June 2012 SBFreaks MC became a registered trademark
Insignia.
The SBF Insignia It's a combination of the first letters of the club's name. The official colors of the SBF are grey, black and white.
There has been several iterations of vests throughout the years. Most recently, members wear a rectangular patch (black background with white letters and a white merrowed border) identifying their respective chapter locations. Additionally, most members wear a patch that displays the club's name "SBFMC".
When applicable, members of the club wear a patch denoting their position or rank within the organization. The patch is rectangular and displays a black background with white letters and a white merrowed border. Some examples of the titles used are President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer,Road Capt and Sergeant at Arms. This patch is displayed above their respective chapter's location.
Additionally, You will find most members with several items of clothing containing the colors grey and black or white to demonstrate their pride.
Events.
One of the largest organized motorcycle rides in the bay area is put together by SBF. This ride is known as Sac To The Bay.
Sac to the Bay.
Sac To The Bay is an annual ride from Sacramento to an alternating destination in the Bay Area. This event was created in 2001 to show support of our "TROOPS" because of all the protests happening in the Bay area at the time. In 2004 this event has changed to an annual "RIDE" which involves 4 stops from sacramento to the bay area. Traditionally, after Sac to the Bay, SBF hosts a party where everyone gets together and socializes.

</doc>
<doc id="20905470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905470" title="Salvia chamaedryoides">
Salvia chamaedryoides

Salvia chamaedryoides, or Germander sage, is an evergreen perennial native to the high desert (2100–2800 m elevation) of the Sierra Madre Oriental range in Mexico. Its name comes from sharing the running rootstock typical of "Teucrium chamaedrys" (Wall germander). Spreading freely, it reaches a height of 60 cm when in bloom, with small grey evergreen foliage. The flowers are blue, appearing sporadically throughout the growing season, with peaks of bloom in early summer and autumn. It has been grown in European horticulture since the early 19th century, but was only introduced to the U.S. in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20905473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905473" title="Glen Stewart">
Glen Stewart

Glen Weldon Stewart (September 29, 1912 – February 11, 1997) was a Major League Baseball infielder. He played all or part of three seasons in the majors, between and , for the New York Giants and Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="20905474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905474" title="Rocar De Simon U412-DAF">
Rocar De Simon U412-DAF

Rocar De Simon U412-DAF was a model produced by the Romanian bus and trolleybus manufacturer Rocar. It has De Simon body and DAF engine. Only two Rocar De Simon U412-DAF had been produced, and they are currently operated in Bucharest with park numbers #900 and #901.

</doc>
<doc id="20905516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905516" title="Live and Kickin'">
Live and Kickin'

Live and Kickin' is a 2003 live album by country singer Willie Nelson, featuring music stars of diverse genres like Eric Clapton, Shania Twain, Elvis Costello, Diana Krall, Norah Jones, Ray Charles and Steven Tyler.

</doc>
<doc id="20905521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905521" title="Je me souviens (2009 film)">
Je me souviens (2009 film)

Je me souviens is a 2009 French-Canadian (Quebec) film written and directed by André Forcier and produced by Les Films du Paria.
The film is set in 1949, when Maurice Duplessis was premier of Quebec and in the context of a union election in the Abitibi region.

</doc>
<doc id="20905528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905528" title="NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship">
NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship

The NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship was the top singles professional wrestling title in the Australian World Championship Wrestling promotion from 1972 until the promotion's 1978 closure.
WCW had joined the National Wrestling Alliance in August 1969, still recognizing its IWA World Heavyweight Championship title as its world title. In 1971, that title was abandoned in favor of this one. The NWA World Heavyweight Championship was then recognized in WCW as the world title.
11 different men held the championship, combining for 15 individual title reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="20905539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905539" title="Chiyohakuhō Daiki">
Chiyohakuhō Daiki

Chiyohakuhō Daiki (born 21 April 1983 as Daiki Kakiuchi) is a former sumo wrestler from Yamaga, Kumamoto, Japan. He made his professional debut in 1999 and broke into the top makuuchi division nine years later in 2008. His highest rank was maegashira 6. He wrestled for Kokonoe stable. After admitting his involvement in match-fixing, he retired from the sport in 2011 following an investigation by the Japan Sumo Association.
Career.
At high school he preferred judo, and had little sumo experience, but his judo teacher was a friend of Kokonoe-oyakata, the 58th Yokozuna Chiyonofuji. After being introduced he joined Kokonoe stable, making his professional debut in March 1999. His heya mate, Chiyotaikai, made his debut at the rank of ozeki in the same tournament. He initially fought under his own surname, before adopting the shikona of Chiyohakuhō in November 1999. (He has no connection to the better known wrestler Hakuhō, who did not make his debut until March 2001.) He was first promoted to the third highest makushita division in November 2001. 
Chiyohakuhō slowly climbed the makushita division and upon taking his first yusho or tournament championship in January 2005 with a perfect 7-0 record from the rank of Makushita 4 he earned automatic promotion to the elite sekitori ranks. However, he had to pull out of his debut tournament in the second highest jūryō division with an injury and fell back to makushita. He did not re-establish himself as a sekitori wrestler until May 2007. After six unremarkable tournaments he took the jūryō division championship with a 13-2 record in May 2008, and this was just enough to earn him promotion to the top makuuchi division at the lowest rank of Maegashira 16 West. 
Chiyohakuhō came through with a bare majority of eight wins against seven losses in his top division debut in July 2008. He could only manage six wins in the next tournament but remained in the division, and a score of 9-6 in November pushed him up to maegashira 9 for the January 2009 tournament. He recorded six wins against nine losses there. Falling to maegashira 13, he produced a strong 10-5 record in March, which sent him up to what was to be his highest rank of maegashira 6. 
He made a good start to the May 2009 tournament but was forced to pull out after damaging knee ligaments in his Day 4 defeat to Kisenosato. He was demoted back to the jūryō division for July 2009 as a result. He was unable to secure an immediate return to the top division, scoring only 7-8 in the July tournament. In September 2009 he withdrew once again after winning only three bouts in the first ten days, and he remained in jūryō after that.
Controversy.
In September 2008 Chiyohakuhō was the only wrestler who did not take part in the surprise drug tests of the 70 sekitori that led to the dismissals of Roho and Hakurozan. In June 2009, along with other members of the Kokonoe stable and four other heya, he was tested, and he expressed his relief at finally having done so.
He was suspended along with over a dozen other wrestlers from the July 2010 tournament after admitting involvement in illegal betting on baseball. As a result, he fell to the "makushita" division in September. This also left Kokonoe stable without any sekitori. However, he scored 6-1 from the rank of Makushita 5 West, enough for an immediate return to jūryō.
In February 2011, Chiyohakuhō reportedly admitted to fixing or throwing bouts in which he was involved in advance, after police investigating the baseball affair found text messages on his mobile phone apparently arranging the outcome of matches and discussing payments. On February 4, he tendered his resignation to the Japan Sumo Association. However, no decision on his future was made until an investigation into the affair by an independent panel concluded on April 1, when the Japan Sumo Association (JSA) announced the "advised retirements" of 21 wrestlers and two coaches. Because he admitted his involvement Chiyohakuho was given a two-year suspension instead, along with coach Takenawa (ex Kasuganishiki) and suspected go-between Enatsukasa. However, his letter of resignation was accepted. Chiyohakuho gave a public apology, saying "I'm very sorry for causing trouble to the JSA and sumo fans."
Fighting style.
Like his stablemate Chiyotaikai, Chiyohakuhō favoured pushing and thrusting techniques, as opposed to grabbing the opponent's mawashi. His most common winning kimarite were oshi-dashi, the push-out, hataki-komi, the slap down, and tsuki-otoshi, the thrust over.
Career record.
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　
　　
　　
　　
　

</doc>
<doc id="20905544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905544" title="Reptilia (manga)">
Reptilia (manga)

Reptilia is a Japanese horror manga written and illustrated by Kazuo Umezu. The manga, titled in the original Japanese, is a series of three stories involving a shapeshifting snake-woman who haunts a Japanese village. It was originally published in 1965 by Kadokawa Shoten.
"Hebishōjo" was published in English under the title "Reptilia" by IDW Publishing in 2007.
Reception.
Ken Haley from Pop Culture Shock qualified the story as "simplistic", and he said it follows a formula since in the first two chapters Yumiko is always running away from the Snake Lady. Haley commented "Reptilia" made he to remind "a classic Universal horror flick", adding he did not want to put it on the same level of Lugosi's "Dracula", or Karloff's "Frankenstein" but saying it might appeal to the fans of monster flicks. He also stated: "that's nothing like most of the horror series [...] on the market" at the time. 

</doc>
<doc id="20905569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905569" title="Arboretum de Ripaille">
Arboretum de Ripaille

The Arboretum de Ripaille (53 hectares) is an arboretum and forest located on the grounds of the Château de Ripaille, Thonon-les-Bains, Haute-Savoie, Rhône-Alpes, France. It is open daily except Monday, but closed in December.
The arboretum is set beside the Lake Geneva (Lac Léman), within the medieval hunting grounds of the Counts and Dukes of Savoy which are now surrounded by high walls and cut through with a web of wide allées. Its chateau was constructed in 1434 with partial restoration in 1892. From 1930-1934 Andrew Engel planted 58 species of trees, from around the world, across 19 hectares of these grounds. Heavy storms in 1999 severely damaged the arboretum, with restoration beginning in 2002. Since 1997 the "Mémorial National des Justes de France", honoring citizens who risked their lives saving Jews during World War II, has been set within the center of the arboretum.

</doc>
<doc id="20905598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905598" title="Bob Quinn (baseball grandson)">
Bob Quinn (baseball grandson)

Bob Quinn is a former Major League Baseball general manager. He served as general manager of the Cincinnati Reds from to and of the San Francisco Giants from to . He had previously served as general manager of the New York Yankees. His grandfather, also named Bob Quinn, was also a baseball executive.

</doc>
<doc id="20905620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905620" title="Sureesh Mehta">
Sureesh Mehta

Admiral Sureesh Mehta (born August 18, 1947) served as Chief of the Indian Navy from 31 October 2006 until 31 August 2009. He was succeeded by Admiral Nirmal Kumar Verma. He is the first service chief from India's armed forces to be born post Indian Independence. He is married to Maria Teresa Mehta and they have two children.
Early life.
Admiral Mehta was born on 18 August 1947. He studied in the National Defence Academy before joining the Indian Navy. Later, he also graduated from the Defence Services Staff College and the National Defence College.
Military career.
After graduating, Admiral Mehta joined the Fleet Air Arm of the Indian Navy, where he flew the Hawker Sea Hawk off the aircraft carrier, INS Vikrant. He served as the Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief (FOC-in-C) of the Eastern Naval Command (ENC) from 30 September 2005 till his appointment as the Naval Chief. He was appointed as the Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff Committee (COSC) on 28 September 2007.
Awards and distinctions.
In 1995, Admiral Mehta was awarded the Ati Vishist Seva Medal. In 2005, he received the Param Vishist Seva Medal.
High Commissioner to New Zealand.
After retirement the Indian government appointed him as India's High Commissioner to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20905626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905626" title="Spartan NP">
Spartan NP

The Spartan NP-1 was a two-seat primary trainer designed and built by the Spartan Aircraft Company for the United States Navy reserve units.
Development.
On 10 July 1940 the company received an order from the United States Navy for 201 aircraft for use as a biplane primary trainer, it was to be a modernised version of the companies earlier C-3. It was a conventional biplane with two-seats in tandem open cockpits. Designated by the company as the NS-1 it was given the military designation NP-1. The NP-1 was powered by a 220hp (164kW) Lycoming R-680-8 radial engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20905634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905634" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Danville, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Danville, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Danville, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20905641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905641" title="Simone Colombo">
Simone Colombo

Simone Colombo (born August 28, 1963, in Milan) is a former professional tennis player from Italy. 
During his career Colombo won five doubles titles and one singles title. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 68 in 1989, and a career high singles ranking of World No. 60 in 1986.
Colombo participated in 3 Davis Cup ties for Italy from 1987 to 1988, posting a 1–2 record in doubles and an 0–2 record in singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20905642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905642" title="Peter Hoyt Brown">
Peter Hoyt Brown

Peter Hoyt Brown (born October 16, 1936) is a politician who held office as an at-large Council Member in the city of Houston, Texas. Known locally as "Peter Brown," he was a candidate for the 2009 Houston Mayoral race, to succeed then Mayor Bill White who vacated the position due to term limits. Although an independent poll conducted by 11 News/ KUHF Houston Public Radio poll in late October 2009, showed Brown holding the lead in the Mayor's race with a nine point lead over his nearest opponent, he was eliminated in the November 3, 2009 election.
Education and professional career.
Brown grew up in Riverside Terrace in Houston, just north of Brays Bayou, in the North McGregor part of town, and attended St. John's School. He graduated with a Bachelors from the University of Houston, and went on to earn a Masters degree in Languages from University of California, Berkeley.
Upon graduation, Brown enlisted in the U.S. Army. After a year of active service, Brown entered the active reserves while attending the University of Pennsylvania. There, he earned master's degrees in architecture and urban planning. Today, he is the only City Council Member in Houston to have served in the U.S. military.
Brown began his career as an architect and urban planner in 1966, working on major projects in the northeast United States. In 1982 he moved back to Houston, and became a partner in an architecture and planning firm. A year later, he would found his own firm, which he grew into a successful national business. In 2003, Brown was elevated to Fellow of the American Institute of Architects, the profession’s highest distinction. As an architect, he has designed many municipal facilities, including affordable housing and traditional neighborhoods, fire and police stations, parks and recreation centers, jails and courthouses, libraries and health clinics, transit stations, and theaters.
Brown also serves as an adjunct professor in the Department of Urban Planning & Environmental Policy graduate program at Texas Southern University.
Currently Peter Brown directs the "Better Houston" membership organization focused on improvements to local neighborhoods, transit, and urbanism.
Political career.
Brown first ran for an at-large seat on Houston City Council in 2003 against incumbent Council Woman Shelley Sekula-Gibbs. Brown narrowly lost to Sekula-Gibbs, receiving 48.5% of the vote, and raising more money than any previous City Council candidate. In 2005, Brown ran again and won his current seat, at-large position 1. In 2007, he was re-elected to his second term.
Brown publicly supports a decentralized form of municipal government, and recently unveiled plans to decentralize the city government, and bring city services closer to neighborhoods. "We're a big, spread-out city and trying to run everything from a central, one central source, say downtown is not very cost-effective. To decentralize neighborhood services is something I think we need to take a close look at." Brown also supports a decentralized, restructured police department, saying that with centralized systems, “there is no accountability.” Brown has called this situation a “leadership opportunity for the next mayor to plow new ground.”
He has also promoted and worked for more "green" initiatives including recycling, urban gardens and farming, and air quality standards. In January 2008, Mayor Bill White appointed Brown to Chair the newly created Council Committee on Sustainable Growth. The committee considers strategies to promote environmental health, energy efficiency, and conservation of natural resources in the city of Houston. In October 2008, the Sustainable Growth Committee successfully initiated a program to recycle heavy organic yard waste which is expected to salvage annually, enough to fill the Chase Tower, the city's tallest structure. This, plus a new program to recycle scrap tires, will save Houston taxpayers over $1 million annually.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Ike, Brown advocated for the importance of retrofitting the city’s electrical infrastructure. The hurricane cut electric power to millions of customers in the Houston area for weeks. Brown called for the largest energy provider in Houston, CenterPoint Energy, to bury their overhead power lines and harden the city’s electrical grid to prevent similar mass power outages from occurring in the future.
Houston mayoral race.
In January 2008, Brown announced the creation of his Mayoral Exploratory Committee. Since that announcement, Brown has received the public support and endorsement of several organizations and community leaders. On February 26, 2009, Brown officially announced his candidacy for Mayor of Houston, and succeed current term limited Mayor White, before supporters at Hermann Park in Houston. Other candidates include former City Attorney Gene Locke, Roy Morales, and City Controller Annise Parker.
Brown has focused much of his campaign around his experience as a businessman, architect and urban planner, and his "Blueprint for An Even Better Houston," which his campaign says "offers real solutions and real ideas for combatting traffic, crime, flooding and other challenges." The blueprint details policy agendas pertaining to the economy, public safety, transportation, flooding, energy, government efficiency and reform, and the environment.
Although his opponents are generally acknowledged to be more polished public speakers than he is, and some of them been politicians for much longer - building high name identification - observers have acknowledged that Brown seems to have outworked his opponents. The Chronicle's Rick Casey praised Brown's "energy" and wrote "Brown has campaigned harder and longer than any other candidate."
Brown's mayoral campaign reported raising over $477,000 in the first half of 2009, bringing his cash on hand amount at the time to $1.7 million, more than three times what his opponents reported. An independent poll conducted by the Houston Chronicle in late September showed Brown ahead of all of his opponents. A secondary independent poll conducted by 11 News/ KUHF Houston Public Radio poll in late October 2009, still showed Brown with a nine point lead over his nearest opponent.
Although many independent polls showed Brown holding the lead in the Mayor's race, he was eliminated in the November 3, 2009 election. The next week Brown publicly endorsed his former opponent, Annise Parker, in the Mayor's race, an endorsement that was heavily sought after by both remaining candidates. Parker went on to win the Mayor's race and was sworn in as Mayor on January 4, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20905657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905657" title="Perry Lumber Company">
Perry Lumber Company

The Perry Lumber Company was an early 20th-century company which owned timberland in Perry County, Pennsylvania.
The company was organized by Harrisburg businessmen about 1900. By December 1901, they had acquired eleven tracts of forested land near the border with Franklin County. They planned to produce various types of sawn lumber products, as well as extract wood for a tannery in Newport. The owners of the lumber company originally hoped to have the Newport and Shermans Valley Railroad converted to standard gauge to facilitate shipment, but they were unable to come to terms with the N&SV's owner, David Gring. As a result, when Perry Lumber began constructing a railroad into their timberlands, they built it to the Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge of the N&SV.
The Perry Lumber Railroad used part of a roadbed originally cleared and graded by the Path Valley Railroad. Beginning at New Germantown, where it connected with the N&SV, it followed the Path Valley grade to Bryner's farm. There it turned between Trostle and Skinner Ridges and climbed up behind and around Trostle Ridge, along what is now Bowman Trail. It then made another sharp turn and dropped down between Rising Mountain and Buck Ridge on a 5.5% grade, now the Perry Lumber Road. At the base of the descent, a branch ran southwest about down Fowler Hollow Run along the present Perry Lumber Road. The main line turned and ran up Fowler Hollow Run to Shultz Run, where a company sawmill was located. It continued up the run and climbed between Amberson Ridge and Shultz Ridge alongside the present Couch Road. Running southwest along the south side of Amberson Ridge, it ended at Couch Camp, near Shaeffer Run. The entire railroad was about in length. The company owned one Class B 25-ton Climax locomotive, "Alfarata", which was housed in a crude enginehouse at New Germantown. The N&SV shops built thirty lumber cars for the lumber company.
Portable sawmills were moved along the right-of-way as necessary to saw the timber. The principal trees logged by the company were white pine, white oak, chestnut, and hemlock. While lumber was the principal product of the company, chestnut, hemlock, and oak bark were also shipped as extract wood to Newport. The timber was logged out in 1905, and the company closed up, selling the lumber cars to the N&SV and the engine to the East Waterford Lumber Company. In April 1907, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania bought its land, establishing the McClure Division of Tuscarora State Forest. Part of the grade also lies within Fowlers Hollow State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20905667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905667" title="Out There (Eleanor McEvoy album)">
Out There (Eleanor McEvoy album)

Out There is Eleanor McEvoy's sixth studio album. McEvoy, a multi-instrumentalist, produced and arranged "Out There", and played all instruments on the album and supplied all vocals. The album includes ten new compositions by McEvoy plus two co-writes with the Beautiful South's Dave Rotheray. On track 5, "Vigeland's Dream", McEvoy eloquently describes a walk she once took in Vigeland Sculputre Park which is a part of Frogner Park (Frognerparken), a public park located in the borough of Frogner, in Oslo, Norway. The album also includes an updated version of Marvin Gaye's classic "Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology)" as well as a new version of Lowell George's "Roll Um Easy."
Critical reception.
"Out There" received a good review and a four and a half star rating from Pete Whalley and Jason Ritchie of the website Get Ready to ROCK! The album was awarded "Record of the Year" from Hi-Fi+ Magazine in 2007.
Formats.
"Out There" was released in Hybrid Stereo SACD format, and on vinyl in 2007 by Diverse Vinyl (DIV 010LP).

</doc>
<doc id="20905684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905684" title="Henri Jules Louis Marie Rendu">
Henri Jules Louis Marie Rendu

Henri Jules Louis Marie Rendu (July 24, 1844 – April 16, 1902) was a French physician born in Paris. He was related to glaciologist Louis Rendu (1789–1859). 
He initially received an education in sciences at the school of agronomy in Rennes, and from 1865 studied medicine in Paris, becoming an interne in 1868 at the Hôpital Saint-Antoine. He served as a military surgeon during the Franco-Prussian War, and a few years later worked in the department of Pierre Potain (1825–1901) at the Hôpital Necker in Paris.
In 1877 he became "médecin des hôpitaux", earning his agrégation the following year with a dissertation on chronic nephritis called "Etude comparative des néphrites chroniques". In 1885 he was appointed head of the department of medicine at Hôpital Necker, a position he maintained for the rest of his career.
In 1897 Rendu was elected to the Académie Nationale de Médecine. He was a prolific writer, with many of his medical articles being published in the "Bulletin de la Société anatomique de Paris", of which he was its editor in 1873-74. Throughout his career he held an avid interest in natural sciences, and spent considerable time as a botanical collector.

</doc>
<doc id="20905695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905695" title="Murder of Robert Eric Wone">
Murder of Robert Eric Wone

Robert Eric Wone was murdered in Washington, D.C. in August 2006. The case remains unsolved. Wone's body was found in the home of a college friend. Wone, who was 32 years old at the time, was a lawyer living in suburban Oakton, Virginia, but had been working as general counsel at Radio Free Asia in downtown Washington, D.C.. He had stayed the night at the home of friends located about one mile from his office. According to police affidavits, Wone was believed to have been "restrained, incapacitated, and sexually assaulted" before his death.
Within days of the murder, D.C. police alleged that the crime scene had been tampered with, but no charges were filed for over two years. The individuals present in the townhouse when Wone was attacked were charged in late 2008 with obstruction of justice and conspiracy related to alleged tampering with the crime scene. The men were acquitted of the charges in June 2010. No one has been charged with Wone's killing. Wone's widow filed a $20 million wrongful death lawsuit against the residents of the townhouse in November, 2008; the suit was settled in July 2011 for an undisclosed sum.
Crime.
Late on August 2, 2006, Robert Eric Wone was fatally stabbed while staying overnight at a Swann Street, NW townhouse in Washington, D.C., owned by Joseph Price and his domestic partner Victor Zaborsky, where Dylan Ward also resided. Wone had gone to Price's residence at approximately 10:30 PM after working late, as had been arranged days before. Neighbors reported hearing a scream, later identified as Zaborsky's, during the 11:00 PM newscast (i.e. before 11:35 PM). Zaborsky made a 9-1-1 call at 11:49 PM, and paramedics arrived five minutes later, followed by the police. Price phoned Wone's wife, and Wone was pronounced dead at George Washington University Hospital at 12:24 AM on August 3.
Price, Ward, and Zaborsky all initially spoke with the police without attorneys, and video recordings of those interviews were shown at the subsequent conspiracy trial. They denied any involvement in the death and speculated that an intruder had killed Wone. The three also denied any sexual relationship with Wone, and Wone's family have described him as both "straight and happily married". All three men attended Wone's funeral, where Price served as a pallbearer. Eric Holder, who worked at that time at Covington & Burling, called Wone "a kind and gentle man" who was "killed in the most horrible of ways".
Investigation.
Paramedics responding to the emergency call "found the three residents’ calm behavior unusual; none was screaming or even helping direct the paramedics." According to Ward's attorney, detectives who interrogated the three housemates on the night of the murder informed them that they were the main suspects in the case, and asked many sexually charged, accusatory questions. Three days after the murder, the Gay and Lesbian Liaison Unit of the D.C. police were called in, but unit head Sgt. Brett Parson declined to discuss the unit's involvement. Within two weeks of the murder, police publicly alleged that the crime scene had been tampered with. Investigators spent more than three weeks examining the townhouse in detail, "removing flooring, pieces of walls, a chunk of staircase, the washing machine, even sink traps." Allegations that the area around Wone's body had been cleaned were revealed in an affidavit in support of a search warrant for homeowner Joseph Price's offices at the D.C. law firm of Arent Fox.
Burglary.
Three months after Wone's death, there was a burglary at the Swann Street residence, in which more than $7,000 of electronic equipment was taken. Two individuals, including Price's brother, were charged with the burglary, but those charges were later dropped. In 2007, D.C. police revealed that they had been preparing to make an arrest in the Wone murder case in 2006, but that the burglary had derailed those plans. Police have not revealed the name of the arrest target, nor the charge(s) that would have been filed.
Lack of progress.
In August 2007 "The Washington Post" reported Katherine Wone's frustration with the FBI crime lab, "It has been trying at times as we continue to wait for the FBI to complete their analysis of all the samples that were taken." Over one year the case had been transferred to three separate prosecutors, earning it "vagabond status" in the U.S. Attorneys' office. On the one-year anniversary of Wone's death, Katherine Wone held a press conference to appeal for public assistance in finding the killer, her first public comment on the case. During the press conference, Holder publicly pleaded with the three residents to provide additional information, saying "You need to ask yourself, 'Have I provided police with all the information I know?'" Interested parties, such as the OCA, used the first anniversary of Wone's death to criticize what they deemed police inaction in the investigation. In contrast to the first anniversary of Wone's murder, there was no press conference on the second anniversary, and neither the Wone family nor police made any statements to the press.
Arrests and charges.
An obstruction of justice charge was filed in October 2008 against housemate Dylan Ward, who had since moved to Miami-Dade County, Florida and was living in a home owned by Price. In November 2008, Price and Zaborsky were arrested and also charged with obstruction of justice. All three men were later released pending trial, but subject to electronic monitoring and curfews. On December 19, 2008, additional charges of conspiracy were filed against all three men. During the same hearing, the electronic monitoring and curfew restrictions for the three defendants were ended and prosecutors announced the possibility that charges related to tampering with evidence could be filed in the future.
The affidavit filed by authorities supporting the arrest warrant for Ward showed that investigators had concluded the men were not telling the truth about what happened. The report states "The evidence demonstrates that Robert Wone was restrained, incapacitated, sexually assaulted, and murdered inside 1509 Swann Street," and there exists "overwhelming evidence, far in excess of probable cause" that Price, Zaborsky, and Ward "obstructed justice by altering and orchestrating the crime scene, planting evidence, delaying the reporting of the murder to the authorities, and lying to the police about the true circumstances of the murder." Lawyers for the three accused men have called the affidavit "speculation, innuendo, assumptions, and irrelevant inflammatory comments" and maintain their clients' innocence. Price and Zaborsky were domestic partners, and the affidavit alleges that Price had previously had a sexual relationship with Ward. Washington attorney Dale Sanders opined that the release of the extensively detailed affidavit was intended to turn one of the housemates, presumably Ward, against the others, and hypothesized that it indicated prosecutors lacked sufficient evidence to charge any of the housemates with additional crimes without the cooperation of a witness.
Officials believe that a knife from the kitchen had been smeared with blood and placed near the body, while a duplicate of the knife which was missing from a set found in Ward's bedroom would have been more consistent with the wounds to Wone's body. The autopsy revealed evidence of some degree of suffocation, perhaps by a pillow, and puncture marks on his neck, chest, foot and hand. Though no toxins were found in his blood, a lack of evidence of struggle led investigators to suspect Wone had been injected with a paralytic agent. Cadaver dogs found a blood residue in a dryer lint trap and the patio drain, which detectives believe may be evidence that someone washed themselves in the back patio area, and dried wet clothes in the dryer. City Paper Columnist Jason Cherkis reported unattributed criticism of the medical examiner's failure to test for exotic drugs and to keep a sample of Wone's blood for later testing, as well as detectives' failure to follow up on a lint trap that had attracted a cadaver dog's attention. Price's lawyer has challenged the timing of the indictments, has said that the civil suit "looked unseemly", and questioned whether the prosecutors and Wone family attorneys were acting in concert.
In April, 2009, prosecutors disclosed that two emails had been drafted on Wone's BlackBerry "at a time when prosecutors believed Wone dead". An independent criminal law attorney noted that "The defense will argue that this is consistent with their claim that the murder happened quickly by an intruder and it was not a long, drawn-out effort to sexually assault Wone before he was killed, as the government is alleging." Previously a court filing indicated the government intended to release a personal profile that Price allegedly used on ALT.com, "a sexually oriented web site specializing in S&M practices".
Formal defense in the conspiracy case began on June 17, 2010, and concluded without any of the defendants testifying.
Judge Lynn Leibovitz found each of the three men not guilty of charges of conspiracy, obstruction of justice and tampering with evidence on June 29, 2010. Leibovitz, in explaining her ruling for almost an hour from the bench, stated that she personally believed that the men knew who killed Wone, but was not convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that they committed the offenses with which they were charged.
Civil lawsuit.
On November 25, 2008, Wone's widow Katherine filed a $20 million wrongful death lawsuit against the three men, largely based on the police affidavit. The lawsuit alleged "defendants' negligent failure to rescue Robert Wone after he was injured, defendants' destruction of evidence of Robert Wone’s murder, and defendants' conspiracy to destroy evidence and obstruct the police investigation into Robert Wone’s murder." The suit was settled August 3, 2011 for an undisclosed sum. Prior to his nomination as United States Attorney General, Eric Holder advised Wone's widow on a pro bono basis.
Aftermath.
Wone's death has proven to be one of Washington, D.C.'s most mysterious homicide cases. "The Washington Examiner" listed the Wone case, in light of the arrests, as one of eight top crime stories in D.C. for 2008. "The Washington Blade" stated that the case "has captured the interest of the gay community because it occurred inside the home of a prominent gay male couple." Camille Paglia commented that the relative lack of news coverage for the crime "appears to be a blatant case of politically correct censorship". In March 2009, a MyFoxDC.com story on the crime highlighted a website (Whomurderedrobertwone.com) cataloging the investigative efforts of "four amateur sleuths who live in the neighborhood".
Since Wone's death, multiple organizations have established scholarships and other memorials in his name, including the Virginia Department of Social Services "Robert E. Wone Award for Exemplary Service", the "Robert E. Wone Judicial Clerkship & Internship Conference" at Howard University School of Law, a conference room at OCA headquarters, and the "Robert E. Wone Fellowship" of the Asian Pacific American Bar Association Educational Fund.
Victim.
Robert Eric Wone (June 1, 1974 – August 3, 2006) was a fourth generation Chinese American, born and raised in New York City. After graduating from Xaverian High School as salutatorian of his class, he attended The College of William and Mary. There, Wone met Joseph Price, then a senior, in the 1992–93 academic year. Wone and Price shared several activities, including an honor society and student government leadership positions, before Price graduated in 1993. During 1993, the "Richmond Times Dispatch" published an opinion piece co-written by Wone, criticizing a prior "Times Dispatch" article on William and Mary faculty. Graduating in 1996, Wone then received his law degree with honors from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1999. He subsequently served as law clerk to Judge Raymond A. Jackson of the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Wone later worked in real estate law for six years as an associate with the Washington, D.C., firm of Covington & Burling. As part of his public service responsibilities with the law firm, Wone served as the general counsel for the Organization of Chinese Americans (OCA). In June 2003, Wone married Katherine Ellen Yu, and the couple lived in Fairfax County. In July 2006, about one month before he was killed, Wone left Covington & Burling and was hired as general counsel for Radio Free Asia. Wone was very active within the Asian American community, supporting organizations including the OCA and the Museum of Chinese in the Americas. At the time of his death, he was president-elect of the Asian Pacific American Bar Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20905708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905708" title="Harry W. Shipps">
Harry W. Shipps

Harry Woolston Shipps was the Eighth Bishop of the U.S. state of Georgia. He was the 778th bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA).
Life.
Shipps attended the School of Theology at the University of the South and received his B.D. degree there in 1958. That same year, he was ordained as a transitional deacon. He was ordained to the priesthood in January 1959. Shipps served in parish ministry in Albany, Savannah and Augusta, Georgia. He also served the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia, prior to his election as Bishop, as diocesan secretary, editor of the diocesan newspaper, on diocesan council, member and president of the standing committee and as a deputy to three General Conventions. He was the Dean of the Augusta Convocation at the time of his election. Shipps was elected Bishop coadjutor on September 15, 1983, on 11th round of balloting from a field of 35 nominees.
Episcopacy.
Harry W. Shipps was consecrated as the eighth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia. He had been elected as a bishop coadjutor to succeed Paul Reeves on Bishop Reeve's retirement. Bishop Shipps served as diocesan bishop from 1985 through 1995. During Bishop Shipps' tenure as diocesan bishop, the Diocese made headlines when a former Assembly of God minister, Stan White, lead his independent congregation to join the Episcopal Church en masse and as Christ the King Church, Valdosta, became a congregation in the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia. During his episcopacy, women were first ordained in the Diocese of Georgia. He was succeeded by Henry I. Louttit, Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="20905717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905717" title="1998 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women">
1998 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women

The ABC Under-18 Championship for Women 1998 is the 14th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at Tokushima, Japan from September 13–20, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20905719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905719" title="Anthony Clark (powerlifter)">
Anthony Clark (powerlifter)

Anthony Wayne Clark (born September 15, 1966 in Philippines — died May 22, 2005 in Friendswood, Texas, U.S.) was an American powerlifter, holder of the world record for the reverse grip bench press and member of the York Barbell Hall of Fame.
Powerlifting career.
By the time Clark was 13, he was lifting 110-pound cement weights. In 1986, Clark became the first teenager to bench press 600 pounds, and was notable for using a reverse grip on the bar. In 1992, he was the first lifter to bench press 700 using the reverse grip. On September 25, 1993 at the U.S. Powerlifting Federation (USPF) Northwest Open, Clark broke his own world record with a 735 lb. lift. In May 1993 he had pressed 725 lbs.
After his record-breaking lift, Clark often referred to himself as the World's Strongest Man, and toured for a time performing feats of strength. On one occasion he pushed a 6,000–lb. elephant, in a heavy-duty wheelbarrow across the floor in a strongman competition in Japan. In addition to that, Clark gave motivational speeches, seminars, and one-on-one counseling to motivate kids and prison inmates to improve their lives. Clark also claimed that he stopped using steroids at the age of 22, stating that all they did was increase his blood pressure.
At the Arnold Schwarzenegger Classic in 1997, he performed a controversial, reverse-gripped 800-pound bench press,
Personal Records.
"done in official Powerlifting full meets"
Death.
Anthony Clark, aged 38, died on May 22, 2005 of a heart attack and subsequent kidney failure and is buried at Forest Park East Cemetery in Webster, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20905725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905725" title="Milton Reid">
Milton Reid

Milton Rutherford Reid (29 April 1917 – c. 1987) was an Indian-born British actor and professional wrestler. He was born in India, the son of a Scottish-born Customs and Excise inspector and an Indian woman. He wrestled in England under the name of The Mighty Chang.
As an actor, Reid was known for playing thugs, henchmen and brutes, typified by his role as Yen in the film "Ferry to Hong Kong" (1959) that starred Curd Jürgens and Orson Welles. He played the big pirate in 'Swiss Family Robinson' (1960). Reid appeared in two James Bond films as Dr. No's Guard in "Dr. No" (1962) and as Sandor, Roger Moore's opponent in a roof top fight in "The Spy Who Loved Me" (1977). He also appeared in the non-Eon Productions Bond film "Casino Royale" (1967) in which he had a bit part as a guard. Reid also appeared as a henchman in the Bulldog Drummond film "Deadlier Than the Male" (1966).
Reid attempted to secure the role of Oddjob in "Goldfinger" (1964). He challenged fellow professional wrestler Harold "Tosh Togo" Sakata to a wrestling match; the outcome of which would determine who would get the role. As Reid had already appeared in "Dr. No", the producers decided to go with Sakata, and the wrestling match did not take place.
In the early 1970s he appeared as a bodyguard in a TV commercial for St Bruno pipe tobacco, a role which he reprised in a spoof advert for "Butch" tobacco in "Kitten Kong", an episode of the BBC series "The Goodies". Reid also appeared in a handful of cult horror movies including "Dr. Phibes Rises Again", and several British sex films, most notably, "Come Play with Me" (1977), "Adventures of a Private Eye" (1978) and "Confessions from the David Galaxy Affair" (1979). Additionally Reid accepted non-sexual roles in a couple of hardcore porn films, including "Arabian Nights", shot in London in 1979.
Reid appeared in over 53 films and television programs from 1953 to 1979. He travelled back to India where his mother and sister reside, and he supposedly died of a heart attack in 1987, and his son was still receiving written correspondence from him in 1986. His death is something of a mystery due to the conflicting dates of death and also because he died in relative obscurity in India. No death certificate was recorded.
Further reading.
"Keeping the British End Up: Four Decades of Saucy Cinema" by Simon Sheridan (fourth edition) (Titan Publishing, London) (2011)

</doc>
<doc id="20905727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905727" title="Benjamin Lucraft">
Benjamin Lucraft

Benjamin Lucraft (born 1809) was a famous craftsman chair-carver in London where his radical inclinations led him to be involved in many political movements.
Lucraft was a public advocate of Chartism and a founder member, and sometime chairman, of the "General Council of First International" of the International Workingmen's Association. He was the only working-class man elected to the first London School Board in 1870 where he campaigned for free education for all, among other issues. He was a member, or officer, in a wide number of radical political movements of the 19th century.
In 1874 he stood for election in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets and in 1880 for Finsbury; in both elections he was unsuccessful but was one of the forerunners of the Lib-Lab candidates who had their first electoral success in 1874. He died in 1897.
Early life.
Benjamin Lucraft's family had settled in Broadclyst, Devon, in 1781 when his grandfather William Lucraft married Esther Newton in the parish church on 10 December 1781. Esther was the daughter of William Newton and Esther Leight, both Broadclyst families
and Esther's grave still stands in the churchyard after her death in 1831, aged 71. The family had moved from the South Hams area of Devon in the 17th century.
Lucraft was born on 28 November 1809, in Exeter, the second son of Lucraft and his wife Mary. His father Benjamin came from Broadclyst where he been a wood worker and possibly a chair-carver. Lucraft was baptised at St. Paul church Exeter on 16 December 1809.
In 1819 around the age of 10 Lucraft was apprenticed in husbandry to his grandfather William according to his apprentice indenture. Some sources suggest that he was a ploughboy and was apprenticed in cabinet making at 14 years. The only story from this time is that he was later in life described as a boy reading the newspaper to his adult working colleagues on the farms where they worked.
Taunton to London.
By 1830 Lucraft was living with his parents in Taunton in a house on North Street, and later on East Leech Street. Either his father or he himself worked as a cabinet maker at a workshop on the east side of High Street where he paid a rate of £7.10s 0d, qualifying for a vote. Lucraft and his family were cabinet makers and were also listed at High Street in 1830. While they were there the Poor relief gave his father 1s 1d in January 1830 and 1s 7d in February 1830 from the "Poor Rate" for buying stock.
Lucraft married Mary Pearce, whose family also lived on East Leech, in St. Mary Magdalene Parish Church, Taunton, on 24 December 1830. When Mary and Lucraft had their first child they named him George Seely (sic) Lucraft. He was baptised at St. Mary's on 3 November 1831.
Their second child died in 1832 and in January 1834 Lucraft, Mary and their son moved to Shoreditch in London, with Lucraft as a chair-carver, bringing with them his mother Mary who is recorded in the London census of 1841 as employing a man and a boy.
Lucraft lived with his mother at Mill Row, off Kingsland Road, as he raised his family and began to make a reputation as a draughstman and carver.
In the 1850s Lucraft’s wife Mary died aged about 52. On 27 June 1858 Lucraft married again at the Register Office in the Strand. He married Mary Ann Adelaide Hitchin, spinster daughter of William and Mary Hitchin. She was living at 5 Lyons Inn and she said her father was a jeweller.
Chairmaker.
Lucraft became one of the most famous chair-carvers of his generation and stayed at this trade until well past retiring age, turning out chairs which were admired at many exhibitions.
His son, George Seely Lucraft, set up the company G S Lucraft and Co Ltd. on City Road in London and employed his father as a chair-carver. This arrangement gave Lucraft the freedom to follow his political career. George Seely Lucraft followed his father in the furniture trade and was also active in radical politics, among other things being the chairman of the committee to promote the Labour candidate for the London School Board in succession to his father in 1890. George later was active in Liberal-Labour politics, being the agent for a London borough.
The company designed and sold a range of furniture and supplied the well-known retailers such as Maples, Robert Gillow and Heals (department store). It was not the English custom to always sign work and so it is not possible to find many identifiable examples of his work.
On one occasion Queen Victoria attended an exhibition and admired one of his chairs, commenting to him in person about their excellence. There is one domestic chair known to have been made by him in the possession of a descendant.
A chair was made by Lucraft at the request of the Liberal Party (UK) when they wished to honour William Ewart Gladstone. It was presented to Gladstone by the liberals of the Borough of Greenwich and the Liberal Club of the neighbourhood on 17 August 1881. After some years research the chair was found again in a corner of the library at Hawarden Castle (18th century): the North Wales home of Gladstone. One of Lucraft's great great grandsons, Jack Edmonds Lucraft, arranged for it to be restored as it was in a very bedraggled condition. The irony is that the cabinet-maker made a chair for the Prime Minister who gave working men the vote after a time when the cabinet-maker had himself been called in parliament a "cabinet-breaker".
Temperance.
Lucraft's obituary in the "Hackney Gazette" records him as a total abstainer from alcohol after 1846. Abstinence, Teetotalism or Temperance, was a religious and political movement in the 19th century as working men and women organised into support groups and movements to promote abstinence and to support each other after they had "taken the pledge".
George Howell, the political activist and commentator, remembered that he worked closely with Lucraft in temperance work in 1856 and 1857. The members of local temperance groups formed themselves into Circuits, along the lines of Methodism, and speakers travelled from one group to another speaking and promoting the issues.
Soon after becoming a teetotaler in 1846 Lucraft also signed the declaration of the London Temperance Charter Association. This declared that the signatories would not drink any intoxicating drinks until the People's Charter, the foundation tenets of Chartism, became the law of the land.
From the late 1840s to the late 1850s the Temperance Movement seems to have been one of Lucraft's main political activities and he is reported in 1858 as being the treasurer of the London Temperance Charter Association. He is also noted at a meeting he arranged of this group on Sunday 10 January in the Star Coffee House at 33 Polden Lane, Barbican, and he is noted as also arranging the meeting for the next week.
After his election to the London School Board in 1870 Lucraft was one of the working men selected to meet Lord Kimberley to express their support for the government's proposed legislation on the sale of alcohol which was then being debated.
The next flurry of reported temperance actions comes when Lucraft is standing for election to parliament for the constituency of Tower Hamlets in 1879. He and his agents, including Mr Dyer, are drumming up support for Lucraft, and the temperance movement is one network they lobby hard to gain votes. Much of the evidence for this is recorded in the National League Journal, which is the publication of Josephine Butler's movement for the repeal of the Contagious Diseases Acts.
In April 1879 he is reported as being the President of a "flourishing" branch of the Band of Hope Union in London. In one letter to the electors he says:
..with respect to the important question of temperance, and the licensing laws, I would support the placing of a legal power of restraining the issue or renewal of licences, in the hands of the inhabitants themselves, by some efficient measure of local option.
One report of his election platform in 1879 says that he stands "as a temperance, repeal, and working men's candidate." In March 1880 the Friends Association Report (the Quakers) reports that Lucraft was well supported among non-conformist and temperance voters.
Then towards the end of his life he was still active in the movement. In 1896 he was at a well-reported and famous meeting of Octogenarian Teetotallers in St Martin's Hall, London. There were over forty 80 year olds present and around 200 had actually been traced with 152 providing questionnaire answers about their lifestyle.
A few months later in November 1896 Lucraft celebrated 50 years as a total abstainer, at a party where he was surrounded by his children, grandchildren and great grand children. This significant achievement in his life was reported in the Hackney Gazette.
At his funeral just under a year later in 1897 the minister reported that as well as from every other walk of his life, there were representatives of the temperance movement at his grave-side.
Lucraft's report on the Paris Universal Exhibition.
Lucraft's prowess with the chisel, and his campaigning for the improvement of the education of apprentices, led him to be asked by the Royal Society of Arts to attend the Paris Universal Exhibition Exposition Universelle (1878), and report on his findings in respect of the training of workers in the furniture trade.
He found matters far better arranged in France for the production of quality furniture and proposed wholesale changes to the apprentice system, many of which were later adopted. He was anxious that draughtsmanship should be a part of the training, as he himself always drew out his own work, and felt men were disadvantaged in their skills if they could not do the whole piece as a craftsman. He proposed the idea of a school or college for the furniture trade apprentices and this idea eventually became the London School of Furniture, now part of London Metrolitan University. He proposed and worked towards the establishment of a museum in East London of craft work, skills and tools that would enable the working man to see how trades were worked in other times and places.
A copy of the report sits in the bookcase which was presented to him on his re-election to the London School Board in 1873. The inscription on the bookcase reads:
This bookcase and books were presented to Mr Benjamin Lucraft, the only workman member of the first School Board for London, on his re-election in 1873, by his Committee and Supporters, as a mark of their esteem, and in recognition of services rendered by him to the cause of popular education.
Working men’s exhibitions.
Lucraft worked with others to bring into being the working men's exhibitions he sought, perhaps as a counterbalance to the grandeur and exclusivity of the Great Exhibition which he had witnessed. The First Working Men's Exhibition in the Agricultural Hall was in 1865 and George Howell records that Benjamin was one of the promoters.
Benjamin was on the Management Committee for the first exhibition where he donated £10 and exhibited some furniture — perhaps a chair of his or some work from the company. At the second he was on the Council of the Exhibition which secured substantial contributions.
Political life.
Lucraft had taken an interest in political reform which would benefit the situation of the working classes. Through the middle years of the 19th century there were myriad organisations which campaigned across a whole range of issues. Lucraft was active in a large number of these organisations, often taking office in them and representing their interests, both in London and abroad.
During these years it is often possible from newspaper records to say where he was speaking at or chairing meetings on three, four or five evenings a month and probably more besides those reported in the press.
One document says Lucraft joined Attwood's Political Union in 1829, before he came to London.
Lucraft became the secretary and most prominent member of the North London Political Union, a Chartist group which met in Islington and which George Howell attended. He was a speaker on the circuit of the Wheatsheaf Yard Temperance Society organised, by Howell on the Wesleyan model, which lectured all over London. Dyer also records Lucraft's active membership, from 1850, of Richard Cobden's Parliamentary and Financial Reform Association.
In the spring of 1848 Feargus O'Connor decided on a new strategy that would combine several different tactics: a large public meeting, a procession and the presentation of a petition to the House of Commons. O'Connor organised the meeting to take place at Kennington Common on Monday, 10 April 1848. Lucraft was reported to have been at the great demonstration, which was the strongest meeting of supporters of the Chartist Movement.
Lucraft ended his life close to James Bronterre O'Brien, the leader of the Chartists, as they are both buried in Abney Park Cemetery north of Kingsland Road where Benjamin spent his working life.
George Howell wrote a handwritten note about Lucraft's life and activities which survived in the papers of the Bishopsgate Institute and is re-produced here:
"Mr Lucraft may be described as almost the last surviving link between the old Chartist movements prior to 1850, and the newer political movements which grew out of the Chartist agitation towards the end of the fifties and onward until the Reform Act of 1884. Lucraft was one of the earliest I heard speak after coming to London, Mr Ernest Jones being the first as already stated. Often and often have I stood by Lucraft in what was then known as the Copenhagen Fields, and also in a meeting place in Chapel Street Islington. I became more closely associated with Mr Lucraft in Temperance work in 1856 and 1857, from which dates we have been old friends and close associates. He was among the first members of the Reform League and was a member of the Council and the Executive from the first. He was never a very effective speaker, but he was able always to put his points forcibly, because he knew what he wanted and could see tolerably clearly the way in which it could be obtained. In his earlier days he was thought to be an implacable Chartist, and nothing else; but he was not the man to oppose reform because all that he desired was not granted. Lucraft was sternly devoted to "principles", but he acknowledged the value of compromise when it was a question of something or nothing. He was unswerving in his advocacy of chartism and teetotalism. From 1850 to 1860 he was one of the few that kept the lingering embers of the chartist movement alive, by blowing it, so that if it did not light up very much you could still see the sparks, and feel some of its warmth. Next to chartism pure and simple, that is "the six points", he was an ardent advocate of Land Law Reform and of Technical Education, and was one of the promoters of, and exhibitors at the first Workman's Exhibition in the Agricultural Hall in 186_ (sic).
After the dissolution of the Reform League in 1869, Lucraft became an ardent advocate of the Education policy of the National Education League, and was rewarded by being selected as on eof the candidates for, and duly elected as one of the Members of the London School Board for the Division in which he had always lived – the old Borough of Finsbury. The excellence of his work on the School Board for London is now admitted by everybody. He especially left his mark in connection with the questions of Technical Education, and the use of London Charities. Although strongly in favour of a purely secular system of education, he was a staunch supporter of the compromise arrived at in the earlier history of the Board. Mr Lucraft always took an independent view, and would not become a mere party man in all occasions.
The other question was the substitution of Arbitration in lieu of war, a Peace Policy for all nations. He was one of the first members of the Workman's Peace Association, and was for some years its chairman. Lucraft was a true and loyal colleague, in council and out of it. He would never condescend to be in cliques, though his good nature sometimes was used for such purposes. But as soon as he saw the drift he manfully resumed his independent attitude. His regularity and punctuality were proverbial. Lucraft was at his post. In the open air, at meetings, or in the Committee Room, he was on duty. I think he loved speaking for its own sake, and yet he could sit quietly and record his vote if silence was thought to be best. But "in the Park", or in Trafalgar Square, or on his own more familiar ground – Clerkenwell Green – Lucraft was always to the front, and I must add was always welcome. Lucraft was much respected for his high character in the Borough in which he lived, which was testified again and again by his repeated re-elections to the School Board for London."
Political Reform League.
The last Chartist conference opened in London on Monday 8 February 1858, and Lucraft shared the chair with Alderman Thomas Livesey of Rochdale. The outcome was the formation of the Political Reform League (or Union) with a programme of:
The league was active throughout 1859 and its work encouraged the establishment of Manhood Suffrage Associations throughout the country, of which the North London Union was one.
Lucraft came to prominence in London working-class politics with former Chartists like himself – Robert Hartwell and J.B. Leno among them – he was an important bridge figure between the radical movements of the Chartist period and the Reform League of the eighteen sixties. One political commentator says that "as much as anyone in these early years of the revival of the political reform movement, Benjamin helped to impress upon the craft unions the recognition of the desirability of political initiatives and change".
His attitude was summarised in a letter he wrote to Reynold's Newspaper on 28 July 1861 about a prolonged strike of builders:
"I should hope that the operative builders are by this time convinced that political power has something to do with the social conditions of the people."
Lucraft joined the Land and Labour League as the most advanced radical organisation in England and served on the Council. He was a founder member of John Stuart Mill's Land Tenure Reform Association, urging the state control of land and served on the General Council of the Association.
The International Working Men's Association.
Lucraft was at the inaugural meeting of what became the First International, the International Workingmen's Association, described by Karl Marx in a famous letter to Friedrich Engels dated 4 November 1864. The founding meeting took place on 28 September in St. Martin's Hall. It had been convened by George Odger and W.R. Cremer and the meeting was chaired by Professor E.S. Beesly. Lucraft was elected to the provisional committee.
Lucraft was a member of the General Council of the IWMA from its foundation in 1864 to 1871 and he played an active and committed part in its political work. He was a signatory to the 'Address to the People of America' on 29 November 1864 congratulating them on Abraham Lincoln's re-election to the presidency. He proposed a resolution on 10 January 1865 pledging continued support to the Polish people in the struggle against Tsarism, was a delegate to the Brussell's Congress of 1868 and the Basle Congress of 1869.
Marx drafted most of the important documents and statements from the International. His career to that point, as an author and journalist, made him a natural in this service. The only other "intellectual" worker on the General Council (known early on as the Central Council) was Peter Fox (another journalist). The other members were:
The minutes of the meetings show Lucraft as often chairing the First International and at one such meeting in 1869 a letter of the IWMA was approved to be sent to the National Labour Union of the United States. Lucraft preferred Marx's use of the word "vermin" to describe those who profited from the war between the states (the American Civil War).
In September 1866 Lucraft was a representative of the London Trades Council at the First Conference of the International in Geneva.
Parliamentary reform.
The reform of voting rights for Parliamentary elections had long been an issue. An Act of Parliament in 1809 made the purchase of votes illegal and was one of a series of Parliamentary Acts which dealt with minor abuses of the electoral process during the first part of the 19th century.
The Great Reform Act of 1832 had made some steps to change the way Parliament was elected with the old system of rotten boroughs with just a handful of voters, literally less than 10 people in some cases, was swept away.
The underlying problem of the representation of the people, by which was meant a wider franchise than just the county set or the propertied land-owners, was not addressed. By the 1860s Lucraft was active as a representative of the Furniture Workers and as such sat on the General Council of the International Working Men's Association, The First International.
The years in which Lucraft was involved in the agitation for the extension of the franchise into the later sixties was the most influential period of his career. At this stage he ranked as an ultra-radical in terms of British politics. He understood the crucial importance of the craft unions in any viable working-class political movement and accepted a need for militant action to achieve defined aims and goals.
After Garibaldi's visit to London the English members of the General Council, including Lucraft, had taken a prominent part in the founding of the Reform League in 1865 which led to the agitation culminating in the Reform Act 1867. Lucraft was a member of the Council and the Executive of the Reform League.
The Trades Unions had been unenthusiastic about political, as opposed to industrial, reform and after the failure of the mildly reformist Liberal bill of 1866 the Reform League was in danger of going under. Lucraft was the key figure in deliberately soliciting the participation of the Trades Unions and in breaking down their reservations, paving the way for the demonstrations of 1866–1867.
The modest programme that Edward Beales and George Howell, leaders of the League, were promoting began to be challenged by Lucraft in April 1866 when he started weekly outdoor meetings on Monday nights on Clerkenwell Green — thereby reached out to working-class groups hitherto unresponsive to more traditional political agitation. They had a wagon for a platform, a band to lead the singing, and a banner for the men from Clerkenwell. Once Lucraft had taken the initiative the executive felt obliged to vote to subsidise the Clerkenwell Green events.
William Ewart Gladstone's inability to carry through even a minimal reform and the reactionary and insulting speeches of the anti-reformers all combined to lead the Reform League down a more militant path. The first manifestation of the new temperament among the League membership came, not unexpectedly, from Lucraft. His response to the defeat of the Liberal bill was to escalate his open air demonstrations by moving them from Clerkenwell Green to Trafalgar Square.
Early in 1867 the militant elements in the leadership of the Reform League again decided that more vigorous action was required, this time against the Derby-Disraeli ministry, and weekly demonstrations began in Trafalgar Square. Charles Bradlaugh and Lucraft were among those pushing for escalation and Lucraft was one of five proponents appointed to organise a rally in Hyde Park on 6 May.
This was first banned by the Home Secretary Spencer Walpole and then, because of the very large numbers that gathered round the ten platforms, allowed to proceed in spite of thousands of police and troops.
On the evening of 27 June 1866 he led a thousand demonstrators to the West End where an estimated 10,000 had already assembled. Unwilling to allow Lucraft to outface them the Executive decided to hold its own Trafalgar Square meeting on 2 July and Howell was appointed to supervise the arrangements. This was the League's first real popular success, with estimates up to 80,000 for the attendance, and it was further decided to hold a rally in Hyde Park on 23 July.
The authorities became frightened by the spectre of revolution and Sir Richard Mayne, Metropolitan Police Commissioner, banned the meeting although a majority of the Executive resolved to ignore the prohibition.
Unlike July 1866 the League showed its capacity for organising a working-class agitation in defiance of parliamentary authority while keeping good order despite some small local violence. The workers forced their way through the police cordons, past flailing truncheons, to a noisy rally where a short section of the park railings were pushed over.
The League regarded the sixth of May as a 'great moral triumph'. The Home Secretary resigned, on what were said to be health grounds, and the Prime Minister admitted that the government had 'subjected themselves to some slight humiliation in the public mind'.
While Benjamin Disraeli denied he was yielding to pressure he accepted the lodger franchise proposals, removed the distinction between personal and compound ratepayers, allowed it to be a household suffrage measure and stripped most of the guarantees which the Conservatives had been promised.
Fenianism.
Lucraft took an active part in the debates on the much more sensitive issue of Fenianism during the latter part of 1867 within the Council of the Reform League. Beales, the President, had written a letter approving the aims of the Fenians, but condemning their tactics, and for this he was strongly attacked by those members of the League's Council who were also members of the General Council of the IWMA: notably Lucraft, Odger and Weston.
Lucraft argued that the Irish "were fully justified in using physical force to redress their wrongs" and he tried to prevent the letter being published. The British Press vigorously condemned the Reform League in general and Lucraft and Odger in particular.
Basle Congress 1869.
At the Basle Congress of the First International in 1869 Lucraft not only advocated land nationalisation (along with Robert Applegarth) but he further argued for the large-scale cultivation of the land by the state on behalf of the people, as against peasant proprietorship.
He explained that as he had travelled by train through France he saw the fragmentation of the land into tiny plots that had followed the French Revolution; a fragmentation which made profitability for the people so difficult. He recommended that land should be owned by the state on behalf of the people so that the French problems with fragmentation should not be repeated in England. Rather, large farms operated by the state with the full consent and labour of the people should be developed. The proposals sound uncannily like the later soviet collectives and would surely have suffered the same consequences had they been implemented.
These opinions, when reported in the British press, were described as "scandalous".
Resignation from the IWMA.
In 1871 Lucraft resigned from the IWMA after vaccillating on the question of the Paris Commune. It was a radical touchstone and the IWMA press reports led to a pressure on its members. After a dispute about his signature being on the document written by Marx for the Council 'The Civil War in France', when it was clear he had had the chance to remove it if he chose to do so, Lucraft resigned admitting he had formed his views on the article from the press reports. After his resignation, with Odger, Lucraft made no more publicly recorded references to his association with the IWMA, or the part he had played in its history.
Education for all.
After the passing of the 1867 Reform Act the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Robert Lowe, remarked that the government would now "have to educate our masters". As a result of this view the government passed the 1870 Education Act. The act was drafted by William Edward Forster and stated:
Boards provided an education for the five to ten age group. In some areas school boards pioneered new educational ideas. For example the London School Board introduced separate classrooms for each age group, a central hall for whole-school activities and specialist rooms for practical activities. In Bradford Fred Jowett and Margaret McMillan pioneered the idea of free school meals for working-class children and, in Brighton, Catherine Ricketts developed the idea of increasing attendance rates by hiring women to visit mothers in their homes to explain the benefits of education.
The 1870 Education Act allowed women to vote for the School Boards and women were also granted the right to be candidates to serve on the School Boards. Several feminists saw this as an opportunity to show they were capable of public administration. In 1870 four women, Flora Stevenson, Lydia Becker, Emily Davies and Elizabeth Garrett Anderson were elected to local School Boards. Elizabeth Garrett, a popular local doctor, obtained more votes in Marylebone than any other candidate in the country.
On 1 December 1870 Lucraft was the only one of nine working men's candidates to be elected to the London School Board and he continued to be elected every three years until he retired in 1890, at which date he was the longest serving member. London Democrats held a celebration for Lucraft's election on 2 January 1871 at the Hole in the Wall in Hatton Garden with "feasting, speech-making, and other joyous observances".
Lucraft was never an outstanding figure on the board, but he pursued useful aims of a moderately radical kind. He opposed the office of paid chairman, opposed the use of the cane, always argued for free education, was vigorous against military drill in Board schools and was chairman of the committee which investigated and reported on the historical misappropriation of charitable funds and establishments — originally intended for the education of the children of the poor, but which had been taken over for the children of the wealthy. Dulwich College was one of a number of examples Lucraft quoted when the "City Parochial Charities" report came out in 1879. He was early in demanding compulsory education for all and the removal of all fees.
Peace and other issues.
In 1872 Lucraft was part of a deputation of working men to Lord Kimberley on 1 June, in favour of the Government Licensing Bill. In 1873 his grateful constituents presented Ben with a bookcase and 105 books of relevant titles, in appreciation for his work on behalf of the 'working man'. In 1874 Lucraft was added to the Council of the Working Men's Club and Institute Union as a sixth working man's representative.
The Peace Congress was held in Paris in September 1878, peace between France and Germany being the issue, with the political involvement of Russia and England on the agenda. Lucraft represented the Workmen's Peace Association in Paris of which he was one of the first members, and for nine years its chairman. He went to other foreign conferences on their behalf.
Contagious diseases.
More unorthodox was Lucraft's support, from 1877 onwards, for the Working Men's National League for the Repeal of the Contagious Diseases Acts. He spoke nearly every week for four years and became one of the honorary secretaries of the organisation, working very closely with Josephine Butler. He went with her and others to Liege in 1879 and they brought pressure on the Liberal Party to include Repeal of the Contagious diseases Acts in the Liberal manifesto.
He described the Contagious diseases Acts as 'the very worst class of party legislation' saying to working men who mostly were too embarrassed to discuss sexually transmitted diseases that "It is YOUR sisters, YOUR daughters that these acts are to entrap – to make use of. Not only for the army, not only for the common soldiers, but for the 'officers and gentlemen'".
Standing for Parliament.
Lucraft was asked by activists to stand again for Parliament in 1880, this time in Tower Hamlets, whereas in 1874 he had stood in Finsbury. He failed on both occasions though his position and candidature put him amongst the first Liberal-Labour and pre-Labour men.
Death.
Lucraft died at his home at 18 Green Lanes at Newington Green on 25 September 1897 leaving an estate of £334.
The funeral took place in Abney Park Cemetery and was conducted by Rev J. Ellis of Barnsbury Chapel who gave a full address of the life and achievements of a man who "while working for the generations through which he lived had brought benefits that future generations would enjoy." There were a large number of relatives, friends and former colleagues present – including a representative from Broadclyst in Devon. Natural flowers were placed on the coffin and Mr Ellis quoted the "Psalm of Life" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow:
The lives of all great men remind us,
We should make our lives sublime,
And departing leave behind us,
Footprints on the sands of time.

</doc>
<doc id="20905732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905732" title="Bernd Rupp">
Bernd Rupp

Bernd Rupp (born 24 February 1942) is a retired German footballer. He played his only game for West Germany on 12 October 1966, scoring a goal in a 2–0 friendly win against Turkey. He scored 119 goals in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="20905737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905737" title="Everlasting Moments">
Everlasting Moments

Everlasting Moments () is a 2008 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Troell, starring Maria Heiskanen, Mikael Persbrandt and Jesper Christensen. It is based on the true story of Maria Larsson, a Swedish working class woman in the early 20th century, who wins a camera in a lottery and goes on to become a photographer. It has been compared to Troell's previous films "Here's Your Life" and "As White as in Snow", which are both set around the same period.
The film won the Guldbagge Award for Best Film and was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 66th Golden Globe Awards. It also made the January shortlist for Best Foreign Language Film at the 81st Academy Awards, but wasn't selected as one of the final nominees.
Production.
With financing from 26 organisations from five different countries; Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland and Germany; the film was Troell's largest project since "The Emigrants" in the early 1970s. Agneta Ulfsäter-Troell, Jan Troell's wife, started doing research and interviews in 1986 with Maja Larsson, Maria Larsson's daughter, who was a cousin to Ulfsäter-Troell's father. During her research she found Maria's pictures, which were used as inspiration for the pictures seen in the film. The material wasn't organized, but when a person at the Swedish Film Institute heard about the story and how Jan Troell was interested in turning it into a film, an early process for a manuscript was started.
The first official meeting took place in early 2004. Troell said that the casting choice of Maria Heiskanen and Jesper Christensen, both of whom had starred in Troell films previously, had always been "obvious." Two years before filming started, Troell met Mikael Persbrandt at a film festival in Sweden and started to imagine him in the role of Sigfrid. Persbrandt then contacted Troell himself and persuaded him into giving him the role. A major difference between the film and the actual story is that the real Maria Larsson lived in Gothenburg, while the film takes place in Malmö, where Jan Troell himself comes from.
Filming took place between 26 February and 1 June 2007 in Malmö and Luleå, Sweden, and Vilnius, Lithuania. The film was shot on 16 mm film, and then blown up to 35 mm. "Then you get a little grainy picture that fits the turn of the century era and also relates to the early silent cinema. I have deliberately kept the colours down and used similar sepia tones as those in for example Victor Sjöström's films," Troell explains this idea.
Release.
The film premiered as part of the Masters selection at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival. On 24 September the same year it was released in Sweden. IFC Films aqcuired the American distribution rights and gave the film a limited release on 6 March 2009. At its peak it was running in 30 theatres during the same weekend. It was released in the United Kingdom on 22 May 2009 through Icon Film. A US DVD and Blu-ray was released in June 2010 through The Criterion Collection, as part of a collaboration between The Criterion Collection and IFC Films.
Reception.
The film has a 91% "fresh" rating at Rotten Tomatoes based on 97 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5 out of 10. The average rating from 21 reviews collected at the Swedish-language site Kritiker.se was 4.0 out of 5.
Awards and nominations.
In addition to the awards and nominations, "Everlasting Moments" was also Sweden's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 81st Academy Awards. It was among the nine films that made it to the January shortlist, but wasn't selected as one of the final nominees.

</doc>
<doc id="20905748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905748" title="José Acosta">
José Acosta

José Acosta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20905749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905749" title="Classical guitar pedagogy">
Classical guitar pedagogy

Classical guitar education.
The classical guitar is today a standard instrument that can be studied at music universities and conservatories. Numerous education publications are available, from guitar-related books, to musical style, etc.
There are also institutions that offer worldwide graded music exams. Examples include: 
Articles which consider graded exams in the context of the classical guitar have been written by the EGTA (European Guitar Teachers Association).
Music Pedagogy.
Classical guitar pedagogy also includes "music pedagogy". Relevant publications from John Sloboda and others exist, which consider e.g. 
Students studying music pedagogy usually receive access (via their learning institution e.g. university) to searchable online journals (e.g. via JSTOR, ProQuest) which simplifies to process of locating relevant data, studies and citations for their own research.
Classical guitar technique.
Brad Conroy's lesson on simple right hand arppegios
[http://guitarinternational.com/2011/02/18/four-guitar-arpeggio-exercises/]
Bibliography.
Bibliography at the end of the article

</doc>
<doc id="20905753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905753" title="Letitia">
Letitia

Letitia is a feminine given name derived from a Latin term "laetitia" meaning "joy, happiness." It appeared in the form "Lettice" in medieval England and is rarely used today.

</doc>
<doc id="20905758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905758" title="Sandeep Joshi">
Sandeep Joshi

Sandeep Joshi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20905759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905759" title="Sandeep Joshi (Assam cricketer)">
Sandeep Joshi (Assam cricketer)

Sandeep Joshi was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who played for Assam.
Joshi made a single one-day appearance for the team during the 1998-99 season, and, the following day, made his only first-class appearance, both games coming against Orissa.
In both games, Joshi finished not out, for 8 and 0 runs respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20905760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905760" title="Sandeep Joshi (Haryana cricketer)">
Sandeep Joshi (Haryana cricketer)

Sandeep Joshi (born 2 September 1967) was an Indian cricketer who played for Haryana. He was born in Kanpur.
Joshi, who made a single appearance for Middlesex Second XI in 1990, made three first-class appearances in the 1990-91 Ranji Trophy between November and December.
Joshi batted in a single first-class innings, scoring 5 not out, and bowled 56 overs, taking innings-best figures of 5-86.

</doc>
<doc id="20905766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905766" title="Dis virtual machine">
Dis virtual machine

In computing, the Dis virtual machine provides the execution environment for application code in the Inferno operating-system. Its design, based on a register machine, closely models CISC-like architectures. Code is interpreted or is just-in-time compiled into machine code for the target architecture.
Dis is the target machine for the Limbo programming language.
Dis has memory management built in. It uses a hybrid of reference counting and a real-time garbage-collector for cyclic data.
The instruction-set architecture is based on a three-operand memory-to-memory machine. It includes instructions for arithmetic, control flow, and data motion. There are also instructions for creating new processes, synchronizing and communicating between processes, loading modules of code, and support for higher-level data-types: strings, arrays, lists, and communication channels.
Dis instructions operate on operands of byte (8 bits), word (32 bits), float (64 bits), and big integer (64 bits).

</doc>
<doc id="20905773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905773" title="Osceola Astros">
Osceola Astros

The Osceola Astros were a minor league baseball team that existed from 1985 to 1994. They played in the Florida State League and were affiliated with the Houston Astros. They were based in Kissimmee, Florida, making them the first professional baseball team from Kissimmee. They played their home games at Osceola County Stadium.
Prior to 1985, they had been known as the Daytona Beach Astros.
Season by season analysis.
1985.
In 1985, the Astros drew 38,082 fans - seventh most in the 11 team league. Under manager Dave Cripe, they went 77-58, winning the Central Division of the Florida State League. They lost in the playoffs two games to one to the Fort Lauderdale Yankees. During the season, they outscored opponents 625-536. Standout performers on the 1985 team include Rob Mallicoat, who went 16-6 with a 1.36 ERA and 158 strikeouts in 179 innings of work. He gave up only 119 hits. Closer Mark Baker led the league with 24 saves.
1986.
The Astros finished 10th in the 12 team league in attendance, drawing 36,135 fans. Under manager Tom Wiedenbauer, they went only 59-78, 26 games out of first place. They were outscored 623-567. Some standout performers include John Fishel, who hit .269 with 82 runs, 83 RBI and 36 doubles - which led the team. Dody Rather went 12-9 with a 3.21 ERA, and Blaise Ilsley went 8-4 with a 1.77 ERA.
1987.
Under new manager Ken Bolek, the Astros went 80-59 in 1987, winning the Central Division. Again, they lost to Fort Lauderdale in the playoffs, this time three games to one. They drew 38,068 fans, which was ninth most in the 14 team league, and they outscored opponents 662-488. Standout performers include Jose Cano, who went 15-3 with a 1.94 ERA. Jose Vargas went 11-8 with a 2.33 ERA, and Don Dunster went 7-4 with a 2.50 ERA. Brian Meyer saved 25 games and had a 1.99 ERA. Their hottest hitter was Calvin James, who had a .319 batting average.
1988.
In 1988, the Astros went 44-26 in the first half and 39-28 in the second half. Not surprisingly, they had a new manager - Keith Bodie. They lost in the league championship game to the St. Lucie Mets. They drew 44,023 fans - 10th most in the 14 team league - and outscored opponents 622-495. A speedy team, they set a Florida State League record with 360 stolen bases as a team. Speedsters on the team include Lou Frazier, who stole 87 bases (and led the league in that category), Karl Rhodes, who stole 65 bases, Bert Hunter, who stole 54 bases and Trenidad Hubbard, who stole 44 bases. Pitcher Pedro DeLeon went 14-5 with a 2.44 ERA, providing a solid pitching performance.
1989.
They went 72-65 under new manager Rick Sweet in 1989. They drew 53,586 fans - eighth most in the 14 team league - and they outscored opponents 587-557. Standout performers include Wally Trice, who went 16-4 with a 2.57 ERA and Andy Mota, who hit .319 with 28 stolen bases.
1990.
From 1990 to 1992, they were managed by Sal Butera. They went 72-66 in 1990, drawing 46,421 fans - finishing 10th in the league in that category. They outscored opponents 603-576. Standout performers include Kenny Lofton, who hit .331 with 62 stolen bases and a league leading 159 hits, Jeff Juden, who went 10-1 with a 2.27 ERA and Gabriel Rodriguez, who went 12-5 with ten saves and a 1.68 ERA.
1991.
In 1991, they went 64-63, drawing 48,341 fans and outscoring the opposition, 484-455. Top performers include John Massarelli, who hit .309, while Carl Grovom had a 1.51 ERA, Brian Griffiths went 4-3, 1.92, Ed Ponte went 7-6 with 10 saves, a 1.78 ERA while allowing only 43 hits in 76 innings pitched, Mark Small went 3-0, with 2 saves and a 1.61 ERA and Donne Wall went 6-3 with a 2.09 ERA.
1992.
They went 72-62 in 1992. They made the playoffs, but lost to the Baseball City Royals in the semifinals. They outscored opponents 602-591, and they drew 49,857 fans. Standout performers include James Mouton, who led the league with 51 stolen bases, and Chris Hill, who went 16-7 with a 2.93 ERA.
1993.
Sal Butera was replaced by Tim Tolman, who would serve as their manager until their final season in 1994. They went only 56-74, being outscored 621-503. Standout performers were Bobby Abreu, who led the league in triples, and Dennis Colon, who hit .316.
1994.
1994 was the teams final season as the Osceola Astros. They went only 46-89, finishing last in the division and 35.5 games out of first place. They were outscored 691-506. They lacked any real standout performers, although Melvin Mora did hit .282 with 24 stolen bases.
They were renamed the Kissimmee Cobras following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20905774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905774" title="Full Spectrum Battle Equipment Amphibious Assault Vest">
Full Spectrum Battle Equipment Amphibious Assault Vest

The Amphibious Assault Vest, Quick-Release, or FSBE AAV QR, is a light-weight assault vest system that incorporates both protection and cargo retention. Protection includes soft armor coupled with hard ballistic inserts. Cargo retention capabilities include various pouches and pockets attached via standard PALS webbing. The entire FSBE kit includes the vest body, a throat protector, a groin protector and an assortment of load bearing pouches. A fully loaded vest with armor plates can prove quite heavy, and is typically used only in high-risk direct action (DA) missions.
The CIRAS suite of equipment manufactured by Eagle Industries is currently the new FSBE II system, and has replaced the FSBE AAVs. 
Prior to this, the FSBE series replaced the older Close Quarters Battle Equipment Assault Vest (CQBE AV) that had been used by Force Recon since 1996. This kit is available to civilians, with prices for the FSBE vest body starting at $500 USD. This price does not include any ancillary pouches or soft armor or hard ballistic armor inserts.
This vest was unique in its quick release system, allowing the Marine to ditch the entire vest very quickly in case of emergency. This quick release feature, also used with newer modular plate carriers such as the Paraclete Releasable Assault Vest, was developed in response to a 9 December 1999 CH-46E Sea Knight helicopter crash over the Pacific. Several members of 5th Platoon, 1st Force Reconnaissance Company drowned because they could not eject their heavy armor in time to swim away. Only one Marine was able to successfully ditch his equipment and survive. The FSBE vests are manufactured by Point Blank Armor (US), but Recon operators purchase additional modular load bearing pouches from a number of manufacturers.

</doc>
<doc id="20905789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905789" title="Alumina Company of Guinea">
Alumina Company of Guinea

The Alumina Company of Guinea (ACG-Fria) is a bauxite mining company based in Fria, Guinea. They are the main aluminium producing company in the country, and was once part-owned by the government of Guinea in Conakry and by the Reynolds Metals Company of Richmond, Virginia of the United States. However, in 2006 the president of Guinea, Lansana Conte signed an agreement with Russian giant, United Company RUSAL privatizing the bauxite and aluminum complex in Fria. This will allow for eventual doubling of the company's capacity. 

</doc>
<doc id="20905790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905790" title="Wendy McDonald – Live in Japan">
Wendy McDonald – Live in Japan

Wendy McDonald (Live in Japan) is a single/live EP by Spookey Ruben, released in 1996. The live tracks were recorded in July 1996 at Club Quattro, in Japan, and includes a cover of Golden Brown by The Stranglers. The album also includes a remix of Wendy McDonald by DJ Spooky.
Reviews.
In Allmusic, reviewer Stephen Thomas Erlewine calls the album, "an entertaining run through his back catalog, highlighted by a cover of the Stranglers' "Golden Brown."

</doc>
<doc id="20905791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905791" title="Catherine Zara Raymond">
Catherine Zara Raymond

Catherine Zara Raymond is an international maritime security expert. She is an Associate at the Corbett Centre for Maritime Policy Studies, based at the Joint Services Command and Staff College, Defence Academy of the United Kingdom.
Career.
Raymond is also a PhD student at King's College London, where she is writing her thesis on political Islam. Raymond worked as an analyst for the security consultancy, Control Risks, and as an associate research fellow at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore.
She is a coeditor and contributing author of the volume "Best of Times, Worst of Times: Maritime Security in the Asia-Pacific", and the policy paper titled "Safety and Security in the Malacca and Singapore Straits". Her articles have been published in the Harvard Asia Quarterly, the Maritime Studies Journal, Jamestown Foundation's Terrorism Monitor, the Journal of the Australian Naval Institute, The Straits Times, and a number of other publications. Her latest papers were published in the Journal of Terrorism and Political Violence, in an edited volume produced by Routledge titled "Maritime Security in Southeast Asia" and in an edited volume entitled, "Lloyd's MIU Handbook of Maritime Security". Recently she was interviewed by CNBC regarding security in the Strait of Malacca, and was consulted by The Economist on piracy off the coast of Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="20905802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905802" title="List of schools in Brussels">
List of schools in Brussels

An incomplete list of schools in Brussels, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="20905811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905811" title="Cardiaxx">
Cardiaxx

Cardiaxx is a science-fiction scrolling shooter video game for the Commodore Amiga. It was developed by Eclipse Design and published by Team 17 in 1993, although it was originally published by Electronic Zoo. The game features a spaceship as it flies through various levels of varying graphic styles. Each level has a boss at the end, and each level is separated by a sub-level of avoiding asteroids while the next level loads from the floppy disk.
"Cardiaxx" was developed by David Mariner and Jon Mitchell of Eclipse Design, with Joe Karthouser later joining them. The game's original publisher, Electronic Zoo, failed to release funds owed to Eclipse Design for its development shortly after its public release in 1991. As a result, the Atari ST version was never released, and legal action followed. However, Electronic Zoo closed down during the legal proceedings. The game was later released by Team 17, but again no funds beyond the initial signing fee were ever released. Therefore, Mariner and Mitchell still retain all rights to "Cardiaxx" to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="20905815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905815" title="Rocar De Simon U412E">
Rocar De Simon U412E

Rocar De Simon U412E is a model of trolleybus that was manufactured by Rocar, in Romania, in 1997 and 1998. A total of only 19 were produced, 18 equipped with DC motors and one with an AC motor. Two were delivered to the Bucharest trolleybus system, #7454 and #7459 (the one on AC), another two were delivered to Cluj and the remaining 15 were delivered to Constanta.

</doc>
<doc id="20905818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905818" title="Human flesh search engine">
Human flesh search engine

Human flesh search engine () is the Chinese terminology for the phenomenon of distributed researching using Internet media such as blogs and forums. It is similar to the concept of "doxing", a practice often associated with Anonymous. Both human flesh search engine and doxing have generally been stigmatized as being for the purpose of identifying and exposing individuals to public humiliation, sometimes out of vigilantism, nationalist or patriotic sentiments, or to break the Internet censorship in the People's Republic of China. More recent analyses, however, have shown that it is also used for a number of other reasons, including exposing government corruption, identifying hit and run drivers, and exposing scientific fraud, as well as for more "entertainment" related items such as identifying people seen in pictures. A categorization of hundreds of HFS episodes can be found in the 2010 IEEE Computer paper "A Study of the Human Flesh Search Engine: Crowd-Powered Expansion of Online Knowledge".
The system is based on massive human collaboration. The name refers both to the use of knowledge contributed by human beings through social networking, as well as the fact that the searches are usually dedicated to finding the identity of a human being who has committed some sort of offense or social breach online. People conducting such research are commonly referred to collectively as "Human Flesh Search Engines".
Because of the convenient and efficient nature of information sharing in cyberspace, the Human Flesh Search is often used to acquire information usually difficult or impossible to find by other conventional means (such as a library or web search engines). Such information, once available, can be rapidly distributed to hundreds of websites, making it an extremely powerful mass media. The purposes of human flesh search vary from providing technical/professional Q&A support, to revealing private/classified information about specific individuals or organizations (therefore breaching the internet confidentiality and anonymity). Because personal knowledge or unofficial (sometimes illegal) access are frequently depended upon to acquire this information, the reliability and accuracy of such searches often vary.
Etymology.
The term originated from the Mop forums in 2001, coined by Mop to describe "a search that was human-powered rather than computer-driven". The original human flesh search engine was a subforum on Mop similar to a question-and-answer (Q&A) site, focusing on entertainment related questions. Gradually, the definition of the term evolved from not just a search "by" humans, but also a search "of" humans.
History.
An early Human Flesh Search dated back to March 2006, when netizens on Tianya Club collaborated to identify an Internet celebrity named "Poison" (S: 毒药, T: 毒藥, P: "dúyào"). The man was found out to be a high-level government official.
However, Fei-Yue Wang et al. state that the earliest HFS search was in 2001, "when a user posted a photo of a young woman on a Chinese online forum..., and claimed she was his girlfriend." She was eventually identified as a minor celebrity and the initial claim was discredited.
Over the years, the Human Flesh Search was repeatedly deployed, sometimes fueling moral crusades against socially unacceptable behaviors, such as political corruption, extramarital affairs, animal cruelties or perceived betrayal/hostilities towards the Chinese nation. Individuals on the receiving end often have their real-life identities or private information made public, and can be subjected to harassment such as hate mails/calls, death threats, graffiti and social humiliation. Organizations can be subjected to coordinated cyber-attacks.
The human flesh search engine has also been deployed for amusement. Johan Lagerkvist, author of "After the Internet, Before Democracy: Competing Norms in Chinese Media and Society", said that the Little Fatty meme, in which pictures of a teenager were photoshopped on film posters without the boy's permission, demonstrated that the human flesh search engine "can also be directed against society's subaltern and the powerless" and that "raises important issues of the legitimate right to privacy, defamation, and slander."
The Baojia system of community rule-of-law in ancient China bears strong similarities with Human Flesh Search. Both are based on some form of vigilantism.
Stance of the People's Republic of China.
In December 2008, The People's Court in Beijing called it an alarming phenomenon because of its implications in "cyberviolence" and violations of privacy law.
Human Flesh Search in Film.
"Caught in the Web" is a film by Chen Kaige which explores fictional instances of use of the human flesh search engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20905823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905823" title="Narora Atomic Power Station">
Narora Atomic Power Station

Narora Atomic Power Station is located in Narora, Bulandshahar District in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Description.
Commercial operation of unit 1 began on 1 January 1991. Unit 2 began commercial operation on 1 July 1992. Each unit has a capacity of 220 MWe
. Narora is situated in the state of Uttar Pradesh and in the district of Bulandshahr. Narora is 68 kilometers from the district headquarters Bulandshahr, 135 km from Meerut.

</doc>
<doc id="20905856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905856" title="ProgressNow">
ProgressNow

ProgressNow, previously the Rocky Mountain Progressive Network, is a progressive 501(c)(4) advocacy organization in the United States. Founded in 2003, ProgressNow bills itself as a network of state based communications hubs which act as a marketing department for progressive ideas.
History and mission.
ProgressNow was created in 2003 as a response to the libertarian Independence Institute. It has since grown a subscriber base of more than 350,000 grassroots activists in Colorado. In 2006, ProgressNow began to expand its network outside of Colorado and has since created ProgressNow Partners Networks in twenty-one states: Courage Campaign (CA), ProgressNow Colorado, Progress Florida, Better Georgia, ProgressIowa, ProgressMass, Progress Michigan, Alliance for a Better Minnesota, Bold Nebraska, Progress Missouri, ProgressNow Nevada, Granite State Progress (NH), Progress New Mexico, Progress North Carolina, ProgressOhio, Keystone Progress (PA), Progress Texas, Alliance for a Better Utah, ProgressVirginia, Fuse Washington, and One Wisconsin Now. As of November 2013, the organization had over 2.4 million online members. 
The first chairman was Rollie Heath, a Boulder executive who gained office as the 18th district's state senator in 2008. Heath was followed by Dr. Albert Yates, the former president of Colorado State University. The founder of ProgressNow is Michael Huttner, a Brown University and University of California Hastings College of Law graduate and lawyer turned political strategist. The current executive director is Denise Cardinal, who previously headed up the Alliance for a Better Minnesota, a partner state of ProgressNow.
Its founding board members included Wes Boyd, founder of MoveOn.org, Rob McKay, chairman of the board of the Democracy Alliance and president of the McKay Family Foundation, Jared Polis, elected in 2008 as the U.S. Congressman for Colorado’s 2nd District, and Ted Trimpa (the current chair), an attorney and government relations expert.
ProgressNow gained attention in 2008 when they documented retired librarian Carol Kreck being booted from a John McCain rally in Denver for holding a sign that said, “McCain = Bush.” They also co-sponsored a blogging workspace, ‘The Big Tent,’ during the 2008 Democratic National Convention. In 2007, progressnow.org received multiple honors from the Golden Dot Awards (online political advocacy awards).
In 2010, the book "The Blueprint: How Democrats Won Colorado, and Why Republicans Everywhere Should Care" described ProgressNow as the "crown jewel" of the progressive investors' effort to flip the state.
Affordable Care Act advocacy.
In October 2013, ProgressNow Colorado released a controversial series of advertisements promoting Obamacare. According to the "Denver Post", one advertisement "features a woman flashing a thumbs up with one hand and holding a packet of birth-control pills in the other. She is wrapped in a man's arm next to text that includes the sentence 'Let's hope he's as easy to get as this birth control.'" In response to inquiries about whether taxpayer funding was used for the advertising campaign, the executive director of ProgressNow Colorado said, "I know some people are saying this is a taxpayer-funded campaign...but that is just not the case." ProgressNow said the series of advertisements was paid for with donations and individual contributions, and the organization denied association with state agencies. 
Plagiarism claims.
In November 2013, ProgressNow Michigan released a report critiquing the Mackinac Center, a Michigan-based, free-market think tank. Portions of the report were copied, without attribution, from a 2011 article in "Mother Jones". The report also copied an explanatory note from a report written by the Center for Media and Democracy. After accusations of plagiarism were published in the "Daily Caller", ProgressNow changed the passages in question and added a disclaimer to the front page of the report, stating ”An earlier version of this report inadvertently left out two citations, which have been included in this version.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20905881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905881" title="Olympique de Marseille in European football">
Olympique de Marseille in European football

This article lists results for Olympique de Marseille in European competition. They are the French team to play the most times finals of UEFA competitions and the only to have won the UEFA Champions League.
Participations.
As of 29 August 2013, Marseille have competed in:

</doc>
<doc id="20905896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905896" title="John Slavin">
John Slavin

John Slavin (born Carnoustie, Scotland) was a Scottish football (soccer) half back who played professionally in Scotland and in both the first and second American Soccer Leagues.
Slavin played for Raith Rovers and may have played for Arbroath F.C. and on loan to Forfar Athletic. In 1925, Slavin joined Hearts for the 1925-1926 season. In 1927, Slavin signed with the New York Nationals of the American Soccer League. Although the Nationals finished tenth in the league standings, it won the 1928 National Challenge Cup. In 1930, Charles Stoneham, owner of the Nationals renamed the team the New York Giants. The team collapsed in 1932 and the league followed soon after. In 1933, the second American Soccer League was formed and Slavin moved to Brookhattan in the new league. He played with Brookhattan until at least 1945 when he was a substitute in the team’s 1945 National Challenge Cup victory over the Cleveland Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20905899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905899" title="Artes (magazine)">
Artes (magazine)

Artes was a Swedish cultural magazine about art, music and literature started in 1975 by the Royal Swedish Academy of Music, the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts and the Swedish Academy. Samfundet De Nio joined soon after. Artes was closed down in 2005 for economic reasons.
Official representative was Horace Engdahl, as permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy. Compared to younger magazines, Artes was known for its stability, genuine quality and as somewhat culturally conservative.
The magazine produced about 600 pages per year in its four issues. The circulation was about 1500 copies at the end. There was also an English-language periodical, "Artes International". Artes was financed by subscriptions and subsidies. The academies of music and arts stood for 90,000 Swedish krona each per year, while Swedish Academy contributed the main part with 600,000 per year (about 55,000 EUR, US$76,000).
History.
The magazine was started in 1975 with Östen Sjöstrand as editor. He opened it for advanced essays and held popular essay competitions. He did not avoid the esoteric and the magazine became of favourite of culturally interested readers. Sjöstrand also became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1975. According to critic Curt Bladh, this gave him insight into the discussions preceding the Nobel Prize in Literature and several prize winners were previously featured in Artes.
In 1989 Bengt Jangfeldt and Gunnar Harding took over the magazine and turned it into more of "an educational institution" according to Horace Engdahl.
Anna Brodow and Jan Arnald took over as editors in 2001 and tried to increase the subscriptions and renew the content with more contemporary material. Anna Brodow commented that many of the magazines traditional readers were becoming too old for such heavy material. She also said that it was difficult to cover art, music and literature at the same time.
In April 2005 is was announced that the magazine would be closed at the end of the year. It cost too much and had too few readers according to Beate Sydhoff, permanent secretary of the Academy of Arts. It had lost its government funding a few years earlier because the owners were deemed too economically strong to get subsidies.

</doc>
<doc id="20905906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905906" title="Geneviève Amyot">
Geneviève Amyot

Geneviève Amyot (January 10, 1945 – June 11, 2000) was a Canadian poet and novelist.
Amyot was born in Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures. She studied pedagogy at the École Normale Notre-Dame-De-Foy from 1961 to 1965, and then French at Laval University, where she received her degree in 1969. She taught in a primary school from 1965 to 1972, and she taught literature at the college level.
She then focused on her writing. She collaborated with many magazines including "Estuaire", "Dérives", "La Nouvelle Barre du jour", "Interventions", "Québec français" and "Room of One's Own".
She is the aunt of comedian Yves Amyot.

</doc>
<doc id="20905908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905908" title="Scientific controversy">
Scientific controversy

A scientific controversy may be a fundamental disagreement among scientists about the validity of a major theory, a secondary scientific controversy, i.e., "scientists disagreeing about a less central aspect of a scientific idea."
Anne E. Egger said, "Controversies cause progress in science by encouraging research on the topic in question."

</doc>
<doc id="20905923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905923" title="Gert Krawinkel">
Gert Krawinkel

Gert Krawinkel (21 April 1947 – 16 February 2014) was a German musician and guitarist. He was better known as "Kralle".
Life.
Krawinkel's father was a sailor in his hometown of Wilhelmshaven, Lower Saxony. Krawinkel's music career started in the mid-1960s in nearby Bremerhaven, where he played the guitar in a band called "The Vampyr". He then teamed up with vocalist Stephan Remmler in a Rolling Stones-influenced band called MacBeats (later renamed Just Us). The band was successful in Northern Germany, during its existence, Just Us played a two-week engagement at Star-Club in Hamburg. In 1969, Just Us disbanded, and Krawinkel started a new band called Cravinkel with some of its former members, including Remmler. Cravinkel's folk and progressive rock influences did not break them into the mainstream, despite the release of two studio albums. In 1972, after only three years, Cravinkel disbanded.
Krawinkel subsequently got a teaching job, but still played guitar in several bands, including the Emsland Hillbillies and George Meyer & Company. In 1979, he teamed with his former bandmate Stephan Remmler in an attempt to get back into the commercial music business. After an intensive training phase, they formed the band Trio with drummer Peter Behrens. It developed in early 1982 as one of the best known representations of German new wave. While Remmler contributed the most to the lyrics, Krawinkel came up with the music for about half of the songs. When Trio was on a creative break in 1984, he collaborated with Marius Müller-Westernhagen, playing lead guitar in his band. He was featured on his album "Die Sonne so rot" (The Sun is so Red) and went on his "Westernhagen" album tour in Germany. In 1985, Trio broke up.
In 1989 Krawinkel moved from Großenkneten to Berlin. In 1993, he worked with a friend Wilfried Szyslo who was a musician, on a solo album called Kralle. Krawinkel had written the lyrics for the album entirely in English, but allowed another friend Rio Reiser to translate them into German. He sang a duet with Nena on the single ’N Zentimeter Liebe.
In 1998 Krawinkel got an entry in the Guinness Book of Records by riding the longest distance from Seville to Hamburg by horse.
Krawinkel later operated a private music studio in his adopted home near Seville, and also maintained a home in Berlin. He was largely withdrawn from music. His widow is television producer Monika Kölling, with whom he had a son. They met in 1985 during the shooting of the Trio feature film Drei gegen Drei (Three Against Three). Kölling was responsible for handling the extras.

</doc>
<doc id="20905927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905927" title="Renaud Sainsaulieu">
Renaud Sainsaulieu

Renaud Sainsaulieu (4 November 1935 – 26 July 2002) was a French sociologist specializing in the sociology of organizations. He was noted for promoting sociology outside academia. He was the director of the Centre d'Etudes Sociologiques (Center for Sociological Studies) at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) (National Center for Scientific Research); and founded the Laboratoire de Sociologie du Changement des Institutions (LSCI) (Laboratory of Sociology for Institutional Change).
Sainsaulieu was born in Paris where he lived his entire live, and died there. He was educated at a Jesuit secondary school, and he received his law degree and psychology degree from the Sorbonne.
In 1975, Sainsaulieu became a professor of sociology at the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris. He was an active member of the Association Internationale des Sociologues de Langue Française (International Association of French Speaking Sociologists), and served as its president from 1992 to 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20905929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905929" title="List of Ministers of the Interior of Senegal">
List of Ministers of the Interior of Senegal

List of Ministers of the Interior of Senegal:

</doc>
<doc id="20905944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905944" title="Fritz Stoll">
Fritz Stoll

Friedrich "Fritz" Stoll (January 23, 1909 – March 6, 1989) was an American soccer player who was a member of the United States soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He also played ten seasons in the American Soccer League.
Stoll signed with the Philadelphia German-Americans in 1933. He would play for the German-Americans until 1943. In 1935, Stoll and his team mates won the league title. A year later, they won the 1936 National Challenge Cup. He was selected for the 1936 U.S. Olympic soccer team, but did not play in the lone U.S. game of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20905952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905952" title="Jake DeRosier">
Jake DeRosier

Jacob "Jake" DeRosier (1880 - February 25, 1913) was one of the first factory-backed motorcycle racers of the early 20th Century. He rode for Indian and then Excelsior, and was the fastest rider in the United States in the early 1900s.
Early years.
Jake DeRosier was born in Quebec, Canada in 1880 and came to the United States at the age of four. DeRosier started his career in bicycle racing as a teenager. French auto racing driver Henri Fournier introduced DeRosier to motorcycles in 1898 while visiting the United States. Motorcycles like Fournier's were used to pace bicycle racers, drafting them in order to attain higher speeds. After acquiring skills with the motorbike, DeRosier was among the first to enter the new sport of motorcycle racing in 1901.
DeRosier earned a strong reputation as a daring rider not only by winning races, but bouncing back from numerous injuries. His diminutive physique, once described as, "a slight, slender fellow that a strong Christmas breath might blow over," was actually an advantage. His light weight helped the primitive, low power motors of the time achieve greater speed.
Factory rider for Indian.
After winning top rider honors at the Federation of American Motorcyclists national championship in 1908 at Patterson, New Jersey, he attracted the attention of the Indian Company. He was signed to a contract and began racing every week, amassing hundreds of victories over time. Like the bicycles, the motorcycles raced on wooden velodromes, quarter to half mile saucer shaped board track speedways. This was dangerous as riders would crashed into the boards, breaking bones and driving splinters deep under their skin.
DeRosier's reputation grew and by the time he entered the first motorized competition at the new Indianapolis Motor Speedway for their August 1909 Federation of American Motorcyclists (FAM) meet, newspapers called him "world champion." An injury on the Speedway's unpaved gravel surface nearly proved deadly. Severely injured in a match race with a top California rider named Ed Lingenfelder, DeRosier hemorrhaged for a week. Against doctors's advice, DeRosier entered a Lowell, New Jersey race just a few weeks later on September 10, 1909.
In 1910 he set the FAM speed record at 79.6 mph. On February 7, 1911 he ran 90 consecutive miles to claim every FAM speed record from 1 to 100 miles.
In June 1911 DeRosier tackled the 1911 Isle of Man TT race. While he set fast time in practice, he crashed out of competition after leading early. Redeeming himself, he defeated English Champion Charles Collier at the famous Brooklands oval speedway in a match race just a few days later. On that occasion he set a new mile world record at 88.7 mph.
Move to Excelsior.
After DeRosier returned from England in 1911, he had an argument with company founder George Hendee and was fired from Indian. He was immediately hired by Excelsior Motorcycles. He then set a kilometer speed record for Excelsior at 94 mph.
Injuries and death.
While Jake DeRosier was widely respected for his skills at the wheel of a motorcycle, he spent much of his career injured in spectacular accidents. He broke his left leg three times, his left forearm once, had one rib removed, fractured his skull, severed an artery and suffered serious leg burns from flaming engines. 
He suffered the most serious injuries of his career on March 12, 1912. Injuries to his left leg and thigh were extensive. He endured three corrective surgeries, losing his life to complications from the final operation on February 25, 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="20905953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905953" title="Henry I. Louttit">
Henry I. Louttit

Henry Irving Louttit, Junior served as the Ninth Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia. He was the 901st bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA).
Life.
Henry I Louttit, Jr. was born June 13, 1938 in West Palm Beach, Florida. He was a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of the South. On June 14, 1962, he was married to Jayne Arledge Northway. Louttit was graduated from Virginia Theological Seminary in 1963 and was ordained to the diaconate in June of that year. He was ordained to the priesthood in April 1964. He served as the Vicar of Trinity Church in Statesboro, Georgia then as the rector of Christ Church Valdosta where he served from April 1, 1967 until his election to the episcopacy.
Henry Louttit's father, the Rt. Rev. Henry I. Louttit, was the last bishop of the Diocese of South Florida before it was divided into three new dioceses.
Episcopacy.
Henry I. Louttit, Jr. was consecrated as the ninth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia on January 21, 1995. He had been elected to succeed Harry W. Shipps on Bishop Shipps' retirement. Bishop Louttit had long been interested in liturgical renewal and was involved in the creation of the Book of Common Prayer 1979. Under Bishop Louttit's leadership, the Episcopal Diocese of Georgia has taken renewed interest in starting new congregations. He authorized the formation of the missions of St. Stephen's, Leesburg; Church of the Holy Comforter, Martinez; King of Peace, Kingsland; St. Luke's, Rincon, and the Episcopal Church of Our Savior at Honey Creek. He also worked with restarting the congregations in Hawkinsville and Pooler.
He served on the Board of Regents of the University of the South, chairing the Regent’s Committee on the School of Theology. He served in many other leadership roles including being president of the Georgia Christian Council (Ecumenical meeting place for the major churches in our state), and a member of the Board of Trustees of the Virginia Theological Seminary.
On February 9, 2008, Bishop Louttit announced his retirement effective on the consecration of the Tenth Bishop of Georgia. The Rt. Rev. Scott A. Benhase succeeded Bishop Louttit on his January 23, 2010 consecration.

</doc>
<doc id="20905958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905958" title="Indian Mesa Wind Farm">
Indian Mesa Wind Farm

Indian Mesa Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Pecos County, Texas. The farm consists of one hundred twenty-five Vestas V-47 660 kilowatt wind turbines that produce up to 82.5 megawatts of electricity. Electricity produced by the project is purchased by the Lower Colorado River Authority (51 megawatts) and TXU (31.5 megawatts). The project is built on land owned by local ranches and the University of Texas. The project was completed in 2001 by Orion Energy LLC and development partner National Wind Power. Florida Power & Light acquired the farm in June, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20905960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905960" title="Nut (hardware)">
Nut (hardware)

A nut is a type of fastener with a threaded hole. Nuts are almost always used opposite a mating bolt to fasten a stack of parts together. The two partners are kept together by a combination of their threads' friction, a slight stretch of the bolt, and compression of the parts. In applications where vibration or rotation may work a nut loose, various locking mechanisms may be employed: Adhesives, safety pins or lockwire, nylon inserts, or slightly oval-shaped threads. The most common shape is hexagonal, for similar reasons as the bolt head - 6 sides give a good granularity of angles for a tool to approach from (good in tight spots), but more (and smaller) corners would be vulnerable to being rounded off. Other specialized shapes exist for certain needs, such as wing nuts for finger adjustment and captive nuts for inaccessible areas.
Nuts are graded with strength ratings compatible with their respective bolts; for example, an ISO property class 10 nut will be able to support the bolt proof strength load of an ISO property class 10.9 bolt without stripping. Likewise, an SAE class 5 nut can support the proof load of an SAE class 5 bolt, and so on.
A wide variety of nuts exists, from household hardware versions to specialized industry-specific designs that are engineered to meet various technical standards.
Standard metric hex nuts sizes.
Note that flat (wrench) sizes differ from industry standards. For example, wrench sizes of fastener used in Japanese built cars comply with JIS automotive standard.
Use of two nuts to prevent self-loosening.
In normal use, a nut-and-bolt joint holds together because the bolt is under a constant tensile stress called the "preload". The preload pulls the nut threads against the bolt threads, and the nut face against the bearing surface, with a constant force, so that the nut cannot rotate without overcoming the friction between these surfaces. If the joint is subjected to vibration, however, the preload increases and decreases with each cycle of movement. If the minimum preload during the vibration cycle is not enough to hold the nut firmly in contact with the bolt and the bearing surface, then the nut is likely to become loose.
Specialized locking nuts exist to prevent this problem, but sometimes it is sufficient to add a second nut. For this technique to be reliable, each nut must be tightened to the correct torque. The inner nut is tightened to about a quarter to a half of the torque of the outer nut. It is then held in place by a wrench while the outer nut is tightened on top using the full torque. This arrangement causes the two nuts to push on each other, creating a tensile stress in the short section of the bolt that lies between them. Even when the main joint is vibrated, the stress between the two nuts remains constant, thus holding the nut threads in constant contact with the bolt threads and preventing self-loosening. When the joint is assembled correctly, the outer nut bears the full tension of the joint. The inner nut functions merely to add a small additional force to the outer nut and does not need to be as strong, so a thin nut (also called a jam nut) can be used.

</doc>
<doc id="20905961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905961" title="Iran and Libya Sanctions Act">
Iran and Libya Sanctions Act

The Iran and Libya Sanctions Act of 1996 (ILSA) was a 1996 act of Congress that imposed economic sanctions on firms doing business with Iran and Libya. On September 30, 2006, the act was renamed to the Iran Sanctions Act (ISA), as it no longer applied to Libya, and extended until December 31, 2011. As of March 2008, ISA sanctions had not been enforced against any non-US company; the act allows the president to waive sanctions on a case-by-case basis, though this waiver is subject to renewal every six months. Despite the restrictions on American investment in Iran, FIPPA provisions apply to all foreign investors, and many Iranian expatriates based in the US continue to make substantial investments in Iran.
Background.
A United States Department of State report states that "ILSA was introduced in the context of a tightening of U.S. sanctions on Iran during the first term of the Clinton administration." In the year leading up to passage of the act, President Bill Clinton had issued several executive orders with respect to Iran, including of March 15, 1995, banning U.S. investment in Iran's energy sector, and of May 6, 1995, which banned U.S. trade with and investment in Iran. These were intended to respond to the Iranian nuclear program and Iranian support for Hezbollah, Hamas, and Palestine Islamic Jihad, that are considered as terrorist organizations by US.
Provisions.
The Act targeting both U.S. and non-U.S. business making certain investments in Iran. Under ILSA, all foreign companies that provide investments over $20 million for the development of petroleum resources in Iran will be imposed two out of seven possible sanctions, by the U.S.:
Renewal and expiration.
ILSA included a five-year sunset clause and was renewed in August 2001 for another five years under Public Law 107-24. It expired in August 2006. 
In the 109th Congress, a bill, the Iran Freedom Support Act was introduced in both houses to extend the provisions of ILSA indefinitely and to impose a time limit for the administration to determine whether an investment violates ILSA. The House of Representatives legislation, H.R. 282 was sponsored by Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and 360 sponsors. It was introduced on January 6, 2005, was reported by committee on March 15, 2006, and passed the House on April 26, 2006, by a vote of 397-21, with 14 not voting. The companion Senate legislation, S. 333 was introduced on February 9, 2005, sponsored by Senator Richard Santorum and 62 cosponsors, and was referred to the Foreign Relations Committee. The bill was not reported by the committee and died. 
However, the next year, H.R. 5877, "To amend the Iran and Libya Sanctions Act of 1996 to extend the authorities provided in such Act until September 29, 2006," was introduced to the House. Sponsored by Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and cosponsored by International Relations Committee chair Henry Hyde, Gary Ackerman, and Tom Lantos, the legislation was introduced to the House on July 25, 2006. It passed the next day by voice vote, was passed by the Senate by unanimous consent on July 31, and was signed into law by President George W. Bush on August 4, 2006. 
On September 30, 2006, the act was renamed to the Iran Sanctions Act (ISA), as it no longer applied to Libya, and extended until December 31, 2011. The Iran Freedom and Support Act passed later that year. The Iran Refined Petroleum Sanctions Act of 2009, still a bill in Congress, would amend the Iran Sanctions Act to expand the president's ability to punish companies aiding Iran's petroleum sector.

</doc>
<doc id="20905963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20905963" title="Allende-class frigate">
Allende-class frigate

Allende class is the name of anti-submarine frigates used by the Mexican Navy. Allende class frigates are former United States Navy "Knox"-class frigates, and they were bought in 1997. They form the Mexican Gulf Fleet of the Mexican Navy. They are used for anti-submarine and offshore patrol duties. This is because weapons are reduced to only one 127 mm Mk 42 DP gun and four fixed ASW torpedo launchers. Electronic combat systems are also reduced and consist only of one gun fire control System.
Western Electric SPG-53F and one MK 114 ASW fire control system for ASW torpedos of 324 mm. All hulls have ASROC Mk 16 octuble launcher system. Allende class frigates can operate one small on-board helicopter (MBB Bo 105).

</doc>
<doc id="20906019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906019" title="Hayley Turner">
Hayley Turner

Hayley Turner is a professional jockey based in the United Kingdom. She was born on 3 January 1983.
Turner is widely considered to be the first woman to achieve a sustained, day-in, day-out, successful career as a professional jockey in the UK. Kirsty Milczarek and Cathy Gannon are the two other female jockeys currently riding in the UK who have come closest to following Turner's achievements. Hayley Turner's success has seen an enormous increase in the number of female apprentice jockeys riding in the UK in the second decade of the 21st century.
She became the first female rider to ride 100 UK Flat race winners during a calendar year (a huge achievement for any rider), when winning on 'Mullitovermaurice' at Wolverhampton on 30 December 2008. 2008 also saw Turner ride in over 900 races in the UK - one of only five riders to achieve the milestone that year.
Racing career.
Hayley Turner grew up in north Nottinghamshire. She has become one of racing's most popular and well regarded riders. Hayley is respected for her down-to-earth personality, no-nonsense, sensible race-riding and toughness in a finish.
Hayley's first ride in public was aboard "Markellis" at Southwell on 27 March 2000. Her first winning ride was on "Generate" at Pontefract on 4 June 2000. She rode her first Group winner on "Lady Deauville" in the Lando-Trophy in Germany on 16 November 2008.
Hayley has ridden winners for a great deal of trainers but is best known for her ongoing and successful association with Newmarket based Derby winning trainer Michael Bell, with whom she was apprenticed in 2005 when winning the Champion Apprentice title. She was joint Champion Apprentice with Saleem Golam with 44 winners in 2005. Since then she has silenced the doubters by bucking the trend of champion apprentices subsequently struggling with their careers by going from success to success. She was voted as Channel 4's Racing Personality for 2008.
High profile handicap wins in 2008 on "Furnace" at Chester and Ascot raised Hayley Turner into the higher echelons of the weighing room, as did wins on "The Betchworth Kid".
In March 2009, Hayley was badly injured in an accident putting a horse through starting stalls on the Newmarket gallops, which initially threatened to sideline her for the rest of the year. She made some guest appearances as a pundit on Channel 4 Racing during this time. However, when fresh medical evidence allowed her to return to race-riding in mid-summer she was instantly back to riding successfully. Hayley ended the year on 60 winners, her second highest figure despite missing much of the season.
The 2010 Flat racing year continued to be successful for Hayley; highlights included a first Group 1 ride on "Barshiba" in the Nassau Stakes at Glorious Goodwood, and winning the Group 2 Lancashire Oaks on the same horse at Haydock a month earlier; and a successful partnership with classy two year old "Margot Did", which included two winners and second places in two Group 3s and a Group 2.
In January 2011, Turner had her first race-rides at the Meydan racecourse in Dubai, as part of the annual Dubai Racing Carnival. In July 2011 Hayley rode her first Group 1 winner, Dream Ahead in the July Cup at Newmarket, and repeated the trick the following month winning the Group 1 Nunthorpe Stakes on Margot Did during York racecourse's Ebor Meeting.
2012 saw Hayley ride 92 winners, her second-best season, at a strike rate of 12%, also a career second-best. She ended the year early to have surgery on an ankle. On May 31, 2012 she became the first female jockey in history to ride on the Dubai World Cup night.She rode Margot Did in the Al Quoz Sprint where she finished well back in the field.On June 2, 2012 she became the second female jockey in history to ride in the Epsom Derby.She rode Cavaliero where she came last of the nine horses running. Most significantly in 2012, Hayley won the Beverly D. Stakes in America, becoming the first UK-based girl to ride an international Group 1 winner.
Personal life.
Hayley Turner is often regarded as the "pin-up girl" of UK horseracing, and has been frequently featured by daily newspapers as well as being chosen as the face of media campaigns within the sport. However Turner generally shuns the role of 'attractive girl', preferring to trade on her craft in the saddle.
Turner is like many UK Flat jockeys based in Newmarket, Suffolk: also the base of her main employer, Michael Bell.
Hayley is also one of few top class sportsmen or women, who admit to suffering from Coeliac Disease.
Hayley Turner is a popular, though sensible, Twitter user. During the early years of Hayley's career a popular website and racing forum was devoted to her. It subsequently closed, however of 2011 a new, official website updated by Hayley has opened at http://www.hayleyturner.com.
In 2011, Hayley Turner became a Member of the Jaguar Academy of Sport and she received the 'Most Inspirational Sportswoman' Award at the 2011 Jaguar Academy of Sport Annual Awards.
Winners per year.
Per calendar year

</doc>
<doc id="20906030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906030" title="Parc de Saint-Cloud">
Parc de Saint-Cloud

The Parc de Saint-Cloud, officially the "Domaine National de Saint-Cloud", is a "domaine national" (federal territory), located mostly within Saint-Cloud, in the Hauts-de-Seine department, near Paris, France.
The park, which covers 460 hectares, was a nature reserve until 1923. It is considered one of the most beautiful gardens in Europe, and in 2005 the park was awarded "Notable Garden" status. On 9 November 1994 the park was classified as a Historic Monument. In 1999 a winter storm heavily damaged the park's forests. As of late 2008, restoration efforts were still underway. The park is operated as a "domaine nationale" under the French Ministry of Culture.
History.
The park is located on the site of the Château de Saint-Cloud, a residence of royal and imperial families from the 16th century. After Napoleon III declared war on the Prussians, the site was occupied by a Prussian force which used the high outcropping to shell Paris. Counter-fire from the French caused the building to burn on 13 October 1870. The structure was completely razed in August 1892.
Only a few outbuildings remain from the original structure. The park contains a Le Nôtre-designed garden in the French style, an English garden, and Marie Antoinette's rose garden.
The park showcases a panoramic view of Paris called "La Lanterne" or the "Lantern of Demosthenes".
Nothing Compares 2U.
The video "Nothing Compares 2U" by Sinéad O'connor was filmed in this park.
The clip consists almost solely of a closeup on Sinéad O'Connor's face as she sings the lyrics, sometimes with angry expression; the rest consists of her walking through the Parc de Saint-Cloud.
Access.
The park is accessible via Pont de Sèvres and Boulogne - Pont de Saint-Cloud metro stations.

</doc>
<doc id="20906051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906051" title="Jibeinia">
Jibeinia

Jibeinia is a Genus of enantiornithine bird. Only one species is known, "Jibeinia luanhera". It is known from one holotype fossil found in the Liaoning province, People's Republic of China. This fossil is now lost. The holotype was, however, described and figured in detail by Hou (1997). 
In the summer of 1993, the holotype was presented to engineer Li Pai of the Hebei Provincial Office of Geology by a local farmer. Li, along with Hou Linhai and Zhou Zhonghe, investigated the quarry from which it came, at the locality of the Dongtuyao brick factory, Northern Hebei Province, Linjituxiang Village. They determined that it was collected from the Yixian Formation. However, later research into the geology of the area showed that it actually came from similarly-aged beds of the Huajiying Formation.
"J. luanhera" was described from a nearly complete fossil. The fossil seems not to have ever received a catalog number, nor to have been accessioned by a museum.
Possible synonyms.
Zhang et al. described a new Enantiornithine named "Vescornis" in 2004. They noted that it was nearly exactly the same size as "Jibeinia", and collected from the same locality. They noted several morphological similarities to "Jibeinia", but that it also differed in some characters from the written description. They sought to compare the two specimens but learned from Dr. Hou in 2001 that the holotype "Jibeinia" had been lost, and existing casts were of too poor a quality to be decisive. Thus they conclude that it will be impossible to rule out the possibility that the two are the same species, and that "Vescornis" is a junior synonym, unless the holotype of "Jibeinia" is rediscovered.
Etymology.
The Genus name comes from a Latinized form of the Jebei region and the character Ji, which refers to one of the nine geographical divisions of ancient China. The species name is after the Luanhe River.

</doc>
<doc id="20906059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906059" title="Bisporella citrina">
Bisporella citrina

Bisporella citrina, commonly known as yellow fairy cups or lemon discos, is a species of fungus in the family Helotiaceae. The fungus produces tiny yellow cups up to in diameter, often without stalks, that fruit in groups or dense clusters on decaying deciduous wood that has lost its bark. The widely distributed species is found in North Africa, Asia, Europe, North America, and Central and South America. Found in late summer and autumn, the fungus is fairly common, but is easily overlooked owing to its small size. There are several similar species that can in most cases be distinguished by differences in color, morphology, or substrate. Microscopically, "B. citrina" can be distinguished from these lookalikes by its elliptical spores, which have a central partition, and an oil drop at each end.
Taxonomy.
The species was originally described from Europe in 1789 by German naturalist August Batsch as "Peziza citrina". Elias Fries sanctioned this name in the second volume of his "Systema Mycologicum" (1821). Jean Louis Émile Boudier transferred the species to "Calycella" in 1885. Another historical name for the fungus was derived from Johann Hedwig's 1789 "Octospora citrina". Fries referred Hedwig's name to "Helotium" in 1846, and for several decades the fungus was known as either "Calycella citrina" or "Helotium citrinum", depending on which generic concept an author accepted. In a 1974 publication, Richard Korf noted that the generic name "Helotium" competes with a basidiomycete genus of the same name, and under the rules of botanical nomenclature, the ascomycete version of the name had to be abandoned because the basidiomycete version was sanctioned by Fries in 1832, and thus had priority. He also pointed out that the generic name "Calycella" could not be used, as it is a synonym of an older name "Calycina", which contains species that bear no taxonomic relationship to "Helotium citrinum". Accordingly, he formally transferred "Helotium citrinum" to "Bisporella", to produce the new combination "Bisporella citrina". Korf further noted that since "Bisporella" was published by Pier Andrea Saccardo in 1884, it had priority over Boudier's 1885 "Calycella". "Calycella" has since been folded into "Bisporella".
The specific epithet "citrina" is derived from the Latin "citrin", meaning "lemon yellow". Common names for the fungus include "yellow fairy cups", and the British Mycological Society-approved "lemon disco"; the name "disco" is short for Discomycetes, an older term for ascomycete species with disc- and cup-shaped fruit bodies. Samuel Frederick Gray called it the "lemon funnel-stool" in his 1821 work "A Natural Arrangement of British Plants".
Description.
Fruit bodies begin as spherical, closed globules, before expanding. The smooth, bright yellow fruit bodies are small—typically less than in diameter and up to high—and shallowly cup- or disc-shaped. The inner surface is smooth, and bright yellow, while the outer surface is a paler yellow. In mass, the spore color is white. The stalk is broad, pale yellow in color, and short to nearly absent; when present it is rarely more than 1 mm. The fruit bodies may be so numerous that their shapes are distorted by overcrowding. Fruit bodies that have dried are wrinkled and have a dull orangish-brown color. The fruit bodies have no distinctive taste nor odor, and are not edible.
The smooth spores are roughly elliptical, measuring 8–14 by 3–5 μm; in maturity they have one cross-wall, and oil drops at either end. The asci (spore-bearing cells) measure 100–135 by 7–10 μm. The paraphyses are shaped liked narrow cylinders with diameters up to 1.5 μm, and have tips that are rounded or somewhat club-shaped. β-Carotene is the predominant pigment responsible for the yellow color of the fruit body.
Similar species.
There are several small yellow discomycetes with which "Bisporella citrina" might be confused. Lookalikes include the acorn cup ("Hymenoscyphus fructigenus") that grows on fallen acorns and hickory nuts. The green stain fungus ("Chlorociboria aeruginascens") forms blue-green cups, and stains its wood substrate bluish-green. "Lachnellula arida" is up to in diameter, and has hairs around the edge of its cup, and its outer surface is covered with short brown hairs.
Fruit bodies of "Bisporella sulfurina" have a coloration similar to "B. citrina", but they are smaller and grow in clusters on old, blackened, fungal stroma on wood.
Other lookalikes include "Hymenoscyphus" species, including "H. calyculus", but these can be distinguished by their distinct stalks, and growth on smaller woody debris like sticks and twigs, rather than logs and stumps. Many other small, yellow discos have fringed or hairy margins to the discs, like "Anthracobia melaloma"; this latter species grows on or near moss, rather than wood. "Chlorosplenium chlora" is another small cup fungus resembling "B. citrina". It has a bright yellow outer surface, but the hymenium becomes develops greenish tints in age. The common jellyspot fungus ("Dacrymyces stillatus") is usually smaller but can approach the dimensions of "B. citrina". Similar in color, its fruit bodies are usually blob-like rather than cup shaped. Another cup fungus that grows on dead beech wood is "Neobulgaria pura", but its fruit bodies are larger, ranging from .
Ecology and distribution.
"Bisporella citrina" is saprobic, and so obtains nutrients by breaking down complex organic molecules into simpler ones. Fruit bodies are typically encountered growing in dense clusters on the surface of rotten wood (especially deciduous trees), particularly beech. They have also been found growing on the fruit bodies of the polypore fungus "Daedaleopsis confragosa". In a study of the succession of fungi associated with the decay of a 120-year-old healthy beech tree uprooted by strong winds, "B. citrina" was found on the wood about three years after the fall. It appeared after early colonizers such as "Quaternaria quaternata", "Tubercularia vulgaris" (the anamorph form of "Nectria cinnabarina"), and "Bulgaria inquinans", and was followed by "Stereum hirsutum" and "Nectria cinnabarina".
The widespread fungus is known from North Africa, Asia, Europe, North America, Central and South America, Australia, and New Zealand. It is one of the most common of the small discomycetes.

</doc>
<doc id="20906065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906065" title="Grade I listed buildings in Worcestershire">
Grade I listed buildings in Worcestershire

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Worcestershire, by district.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20906067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906067" title="Jaÿsinia">
Jaÿsinia

Jaÿsinia (3.7 hectares) is a botanical garden specializing in alpine flowers, located in Samoëns, Haute-Savoie, Rhône-Alpes, France. It is open daily except when there is snow on the ground; admission is free.
The garden was established in 1906 by Marie-Louise Cognac-Jaÿ, a native of Samoëns and founder of La Samaritaine department store in Paris, to designs by Louis-Jules Allemand. It opened in 1909. Since 1936 it has been directed by the Scientific Division of Botany from the National Museum of Natural History.
The garden now contains about 8,000 plants from around the world, representing some 4,500 types of alpine flowers and 500 varieties of trees and shrubs. It is established at an altitude of 700–800 meters above sea level on a steep, south-facing limestone slope overlooking the old village, with garden features that include ruins of the Tornalta castle (12th century), a chapel (1687), and fountains and cascades. The "Maison de la Jaÿsinia" is at the garden's entrance, with a reception area providing information about the garden and the history of its founder.

</doc>
<doc id="20906090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906090" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Pittsylvania County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pittsylvania County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Pittsylvania County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20906103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906103" title="Wood Lake Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Wood Lake Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Wood Lake Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 440. It is the second most populous township in Benson County after Mission Township.

</doc>
<doc id="20906107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906107" title="The Gay Desperado">
The Gay Desperado

The Gay Desperado (1936) is a comedy film starring Ida Lupino, Leo Carrillo, and Nino Martini and directed by Rouben Mamoulian, produced by Mary Pickford, and originally released by United Artists. The film was restored by the UCLA Film and Television Archive and the Mary Pickford Foundation, and released on DVD in 2006 by Milestone Pictures after being out of distribution for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="20906117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906117" title="Delaware Mountain Wind Farm">
Delaware Mountain Wind Farm

Delaware Mountain Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Culberson County, Texas. The farm consists of thirty-eight EWC V-47 750 kilowatt wind turbines that produce up to 28.5 megawatts of electricity. All electricity produced by the project is purchased by the Lower Colorado River Authority. The project was completed in 1999 by Orion Energy LLC and National Wind Power. NextEra Energy Resources now owns and operates the wind farm.

</doc>
<doc id="20906127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906127" title="Parlez-moi de la pluie">
Parlez-moi de la pluie

Parlez-moi de la pluie ("Let's Talk About the Rain")(2008) is the third film directed by Agnès Jaoui from an original screenplay by her husband Jean-Pierre Bacri ( the invincible team 'Jabac' as Alain Resnais has nicknamed them ) - after "The Taste of Others" and "Look at Me". It takes its title from a song by Georges Brassens. Agnès Jaoui has said in an interview that one day she was on her way to a writing session with Jean-Pierre and had in her ears the song 'L'orage' by Georges Brassens which opens with the lines 'parlez-moi de la pluie, et non pas du beau temps.'
Synopsis.
The film is a comedy of middle-class French life ' examining culture clashes, puncturing smugness, exposing fault lines, finding strength in romantic and familial relationships and discovering an underlying sadness that stops some way short of tragedy.'
The film is set in a small town in Provence during a rainy August. Following the death of her widowed mother Agathe Villanova comes from Paris to deal with the sale of the home where she and her younger sister Florence were brought up, and to announce her entry into politics. She is the author of a feminist best-seller and a divorced film-maker Michel wants to make a TV documentary about her. Michel is having an affair with Agathe's sister. His collaborator is a young Algerian hotel clerk Karim, whose elderly mother has worked for most of her life as a servant with the Villanova family. Agathe's prejudice is put under the microscope when she records a series of interviews with Karim.
'The characters weave around each other for a week or so, occasionally colliding...everyone comes to have a better knowledge of themselves..the dialogue rings true..the ensemble acting is perfect..The film compares favourably with the best of Éric Rohmer.' 

</doc>
<doc id="20906132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906132" title="Jonval turbine">
Jonval turbine

The Jonval turbine is a water turbine design invented in France in 1843, in which water descends through fixed curved guide vanes which direct the flow sideways onto curved vanes on the runner. It is named after Feu Jonval, who invented it. The Jonval incorporated ideas from European mathematicians and engineers, including the use of curved blades, which gave it triple the efficiency of a water wheel. This new turbine failed to satisfy the public interest in seeing the water wheels in action, which was likely accepted as a minor drawback at that time.
This type is efficient at full gate, but at partial gate it is less efficient than a Francis turbine. The usual orientation of the wheel was horizontal and the first devices were even alternatively named as "horizontal water wheels". However some sources mention turbines with both vertical and horizontal shafts.
N.F. Burnham, an American turbine manufacturer, patented numerous improved designs in the second half of 19th century. His turbines had greater efficiency than the Jonval, especially at partial gate, and fewer maintenance problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20906137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906137" title="J. J. Trujillo">
J. J. Trujillo

John "J. J." Trujillo (born October 9, 1975), is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He appeared in four games for the San Diego Padres in . In 2007 he pitched for the Newark Bears of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball, before his contract was purchased by the Philadelphia Phillies who assiged him to single-A Clearwater of the Florida State League, helping them to the league Championship. Trujillo then returned to the Bears, helping them to the Atlantic League Championship, giving him two separate league Championships in one year.
Trujillo is one of only two pitchers in major league history to surrender a game-ending home run to the first batter he faced in the majors. On June 11, 2002, he began the 10th inning of an interleague game against the Baltimore Orioles and promptly gave up a walk-off home run to Tony Batista.
He was born in Corpus Christi, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20906142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906142" title="Plus Bus route 812">
Plus Bus route 812

PlusBus route 812 is a circuit bus route in Greater London, serving Finsbury and Islington. Unusually for a bus route entirely in Greater London, it is tendered and subsidised by Islington London Borough Council rather than Transport for London, and is operated under a London Service permit. For this reason, buses used on this route are in a yellow livery, rather than the usual red, and it does not charge standard London fares. Oyster Cards are not accepted anywhere on the route (other than freedom passes). It is currently operated by CT Plus.
History.
The 812 was introduced by CT Plus in 2007. Together with similar route 816, it replaced a group of routes which previously ran under the Plus Bus name.
Funding for the route was withdrawn at the end of 2007, leading to fears of cancellation, but local councillors stepped in to fund the route. The route now carries 27,000 passengers per year.
The route was increased in frequency from two buses per hour to three in 2009. New 12-seat Volkswagen minibuses with Bluebird Tucana bodies were introduced to the route in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20906171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906171" title="List of state leaders in 2009">
List of state leaders in 2009


</doc>
<doc id="20906175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906175" title="List of Arizona Cardinals starting quarterbacks">
List of Arizona Cardinals starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Arizona Cardinals. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Cardinals.
Seasons.
List of all Arizona Cardinals starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:
Most games as starting quarterback.
These quarterbacks have the most starts for the Cardinals in regular season games.

</doc>
<doc id="20906183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906183" title="Martin Ridge Cave System">
Martin Ridge Cave System

The Martin Ridge Cave System is a large cave near Mammoth Cave, Kentucky. The system, composed of the interconnected Whigpistle, Martin Ridge, and Jackpot Caves, has been mapped to over , and is currently the United States' eleventh longest cave.
Discovery.
The original entrance to the system, Whigpistle Cave, was discovered by Rick Schwartz in 1976. Mapping was initiated by the National Park Service under the supervision of park hydrologist Jim Quinlan in an effort to better understand the hydrology of Mammoth Cave's watershed.
Significance.
Surveyed so far to over , the Martin Ridge Cave System is ranked as 3rd longest in Kentucky, 11th longest in the United States, and 47th longest in the world. The cave also contains what is likely the largest cave chamber in Kentucky, the Big Womb. The Big Womb measures 240 meters (780 feet) long, 40 meters (130 feet) wide, and 13 meters (40 feet) high. The cave possesses an intimate hydrologic connection with nearby Mammoth Cave. Groundwater dye tracing has shown that water flowing from Mammoth Cave's Hawkins River emerges downstream at a river within Martin Ridge Cave. The unexplored section between Mammoth Cave and the Martin Ridge Cave System is underwater and will require cave diving to determine whether a traversable physical connection is possible.
Connections.
In 1994, explorers from the James Cave Project discovered Jackpot Cave to the east of the Whigpistle entrance. Their efforts mapped over three miles (5 km) of new cave.
In 1996, Western Kentucky University graduate students Alan Glennon and Jon Jasper discovered a new entrance and eight miles (12.5 km) of cave passage. Their exploration revealed connections to Jackpot in June 1996 and Whigpistle in August 1996.
Current Exploration.
Efforts continue to explore and map the cave. The Martin Ridge Cave System is separated from Mammoth Cave by a deep valley, though a human connection may be possible at the caves' lowest elevation passageways. Currently, at least a kilometer (3000 feet) gap exists between the two caves' closest known reaches.

</doc>
<doc id="20906185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906185" title="1996 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women">
1996 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women

The ABC Under-18 Championship for Women 1996 is the 13th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at Bangkok, Thailand from April 21–28, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20906193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906193" title="2002 Brasil Open – Men's Doubles">
2002 Brasil Open – Men's Doubles

Enzo Artoni and Daniel Melo were the defending champions but only Melo competed that year with Ricardo Schlachter.
Melo and Schlachter lost in the first round to Nathan Healey and Jordan Kerr.
Scott Humphries and Mark Merklein won in the final 6–3, 7–6(7–1) against Gustavo Kuerten and André Sá.

</doc>
<doc id="20906195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906195" title="Stanisław Jastrzębski (writer)">
Stanisław Jastrzębski (writer)

Stanisław Jastrzębski, born in the village of Bubło, Rohatyn County, in Stanisławów Voivodeship currently Ukraine; presently residing in Chorzów in southern Poland; writer, lawyer, historian, legal advisor. Following Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland, Jastrzębski was a soldier of Armia Krajowa and member of the Polish self-defence unit in Stanisławów against OUN-UPA pacification raids. Political prisoner under Stalinism in the Peoples Republic of Poland, he went on to graduate from the Faculty of Law at the University of Wrocław. For many following years Jastrzębski worked as a barrister.
"Polish Genocide by Ukrainian Nationalists in/around Lublin Voivodeship in 1939–1947".
Stanisław Jastrzębski is a survivor of the World War II massacres of Poles in Volhynia, during which he eye-witnessed the UPA murder of his own family.
The result of years of his historical research based on official documents and witness accounts is Jastrzębski's 2007 book ("right") entitled "Ludobójstwo nacjonalistów ukraińskich na Polakach na Lubelszczyźnie w latach 1939-1947" (), revealing the extent of atrocities committed against Polish civilians in Kresy by bands of Ukrainian nationalists. The book makes use of materials collected by the Society for the Remembrance of Victims of Genocide Committed by the Ukrainian Nationalists () and the Institute of National Remembrance.
In his most recent, 2008 book, "Samoobrona Polaków na Kresach Południowo-Wschodnich II RP w latach 1939-1946" (), Jastrzębski conducts an in-depth study of the Polish attempts at self-defence against UPA pacification operations and gives a detailed account of the defence units' activities during Nazi German and Soviet occupation. The book is based on documents and narratives collected by the Polish Institute of National Remembrance.

</doc>
<doc id="20906198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906198" title="Timeline of the 1992 Atlantic hurricane season">
Timeline of the 1992 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1992 Atlantic hurricane season was a below-average season that produced six named tropical cyclones. The season officially started on June 1, 1992 and finished on November 30; however, Subtropical Storm One formed outside the official timeline on April 21. Subtropical Storm One was the first recorded subtropical cyclone to form in April since the recording of subtropical cyclones began in 1968. This timeline documents all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipations during the season.
During the year, three tropical depressions, one subtropical storm, two tropical storms, and four hurricanes formed. It produced seven storms, less than the average of ten usually formed throughout an Atlantic hurricane season, while four of the storms went on to become hurricanes. The first cyclone to form inside the official season was Tropical Depression One, which formed on June 25. Of the four hurricanes, Hurricane Andrew was the most intense, reaching Category 5 status. In late June, Tropical Depression One caused severe flooding in southwestern Florida and Cuba; heavy rainfall was recorded in Pinar del Río, Matanzas, and Havana. When Andrew struck Florida and Louisiana in August, it become the second costliest hurricane to hit the United States. Damages were estimated to be about $26.5 billion and 68 people were killed. Tropical Storm Danielle made landfall at the Delmarva Peninsula on the Virginian coast on September 25, causing minimal flooding. There was one recorded death recorded due to Danielle; a ship east of New Jersey was sunk due to rough seas. The season finished on October 30 when Hurricane Frances became an extratropical gale before dissipating.

</doc>
<doc id="20906214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906214" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Dickenson County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dickenson County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Dickenson County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20906233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906233" title="Verilite Sunbird">
Verilite Sunbird

__NOTOC__
The Verilite Model 100 Sunbird was a low-cost light aircraft developed in the United States in the 1980s. It was developed by De Vore Aviation, a company that manufactures aircraft components, as a first foray into aircraft manufacturing. When initiated in 1983, the goal of the project was to create a two-seat light aircraft that could be sold for less than $US 20,000. Additionally, it was hoped that the Sunbird operating costs would be half that of a conventional two-seat aircraft. Funding for the project became available in 1985, and the Verilite subsidiary was created to develop the concept. The design was unconventional: a high-wing, strut-braced monoplane with the single engine fitted in pusher configuration at the rear of the wing, and the empennage carried on an aluminum boom. The pilot and a single passenger sat side by side in a fully enclosed cockpit, and fixed, tricycle undercarriage was fitted. Originally simply dubbed the "Affordable Airplane", the name "Sundancer" was chosen as the winner of a public competition, and later changed to "Sunbird".
Verilite worked together with NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center to correct a serious flaw in the design when tests with a radio-controlled model saw the aircraft enter a spin following a stall. Adding droops to the outboard halves of the leading edges eliminated the problem and rendered the Sunbird "unspinnable".
The first flight was originally anticipated in May 1986 and type certification by mid 1987. However, taxiing trials did not commence until February 1987 and the first attempt to fly the aircraft, on 18 April, resulted in a crash immediately after take-off. The NTSB report on the accident noted that the aircraft was unable to maintain altitude after leaving ground effect, and that although the engine was rated at 60 hp, it could only deliver 40 hp.
The aircraft was rebuilt, in the process losing 150 lb (68 kg) of structural weight, and the engine was modified to deliver 70 hp. In this form, the Sunbird flew successfully on 5 October 1987. The projected cost of the aircraft had increased to $22,000 by 1985 and to $24,000 by 1987. Certification was now expected by mid-1989. Financing the project had proved difficult, however, with Gilbert De Vore personally contributing 75% of the $1 million spent on the project by the end of 1986. De Vore had plans to make a public offering to raise between $1 million and $25 million to fund the rest of the development and certification program, and would need further finance to establish production. In the event, however, development was cancelled, and no further Sunbirds were built.

</doc>
<doc id="20906234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906234" title="Philemon Moongo">
Philemon Moongo

Philemon Moongo (born 11 April 1943 in Oniipa, Oshikoto Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance, Moongo has been a member of the National Assembly since 1995.
Career.
Moongo was an ardent supporter of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) and fled into exile with the liberation struggle in the mid-1970s. In exile, he eventually became a platoon commander in the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN), the armed wing of SWAPO. However, he was arrested and detained for SWAPO from 1976 to 1978 in first Zambia then Tanzania for taking part in protests regarding poor living conditions of exiles and organizational corruption. Following his release in 1978, Moongo moved to Sweden for a short time before returning to Namibia and organizing support for a new political party, SWAPO Democrats. SWAPO Democrats joined the Multi-Party Conference, which sought to come to a settlement over Namibian independence with SWAPO's involvement, in 1983. From 1985 to 1989, Moongo was a SWAPO Democrats delegate to the Transitional Government of National Unity assembly. However, SWAPO Democrats received just 3,000 votes in the 1989 constituent assembly election prior to independence and the party became defunct soon after. Moongo joined the leading opposition party following independence, the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance, in 1990 and soon became regional chairperson for much of northern and central Namibia. In 1994, Moongo was put on the voter list for the DTA and was elected to the National Assembly, where he has been a member ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="20906246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906246" title="Bamboo Gods and Iron Men">
Bamboo Gods and Iron Men

Bamboo Gods and Iron Men is a martial arts comedy set in the Philippines. It is considered a blaxploitation film. It was produced by American International Pictures.
It also featured some of the Philippines most respected and famous actors, Chiquito, Vic Diaz, and Eddie Garcia, a veteran of more than 339 films.
Two of the people involved in the film — actor and musician Tito Sotto and Chiquito — were to enter into politics in the Philippines. Tito Sotto later became a senator in the Philippines Congress and served two terms from 1992 to 2004. Chiquito would eventually become Vice-Mayor of Makati as well as seeking election as a senator in 1992.
Plot.
James Iglehart plays African-American prize fighter Cal Jefferson who is on a honeymoon holiday n Hong Kong with his new wife played by Shirley Washington. Cal comes across a drowning Chinese man whom he jumps in the sea to save. This now revived and very grateful mute man turns out to be someone they cannot get rid of. They finally get rid of him or so it seems. They purchase an item in Hong Kong which becomes the center of a gang's attention. The gang led by Kenneth Metcalfe will stop at nothing to retrieve the item. They leave Hong Kong for Manila, the Philippines and find themselves being attacked with the mute Chinese man coming to their assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="20906258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906258" title="Hungry, Hungry Ghost">
Hungry, Hungry Ghost

Hungry, Hungry Ghost [http://hhghost.tumblr.com] was a one to five-piece band, founded in Berlin, but whose members came from America, England and Germany. They satirically referred to themselves as the first and only "post-indie transcendentalist punk" band in the world.
History.
According to legend, the three founding members of the band (Haager, Flesch und Nehen) were introduced to each other by Wim Wenders at a wedding in Chicago. [http://cometro.de/event/7111/hungry-hungry-ghost-berlin] 
They moved together to Berlin and spent most of 2006 and 2007 in the studio and eventually emerged with an EP and a full-length album. The EP was made available to download for free on their website and the album "Sleeping English" was released in October 2007 through Berlin-based label "widerheim". They then found two more members to complete their live outfit and played their first show at the historic venue Schokoladen in Berlin in August 2007.
At the end of 2008, the project moved back to Brooklyn, NY and "Sleeping English" was re-released on May 26, 2009 via American indie label, "Infinite Best", along with a new EP entitled "Cycloptic Myopia". A song from the latter was first featured on NPR's Second Stage podcast in March, 2009.[http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=101661507]
In late 2010, Haager moved the project once again, this time to San Francisco, Californiawhere it turned again into a four-piece. After releasing another digital EP[http://hhghost.blogspot.com/2012/01/2-pieces-of-news.html, the band dissolved in the spring of 2012.
Post-HHG.
Haager still lives in California and continues to make music under the "Magic Fight" moniker[http://www.thebaybridged.com/2013/04/16/album-premiere-magic-fight-wooden-swords-and-stolen-echos-release-show-tonight-at-el-rio/].
Other previous members also are still involved in the music scene, playing in bands such as The Framo, We Became Owls, The Gabys, Kalina Morcuende and Masha Qrella.

</doc>
<doc id="20906278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906278" title="Noelle Freeman">
Noelle Freeman

Noelle Hope Freeman, a native from Carlsbad, California, is the current reigning Miss California 2011. She competed in the Miss America 2012 pageant where she placed 5th among all contestants.
Freeman has previously held multiple titles, including Miss Teenage California 2007, Miss Teen World U.S. 2007-2008, and Miss Culver City 2011.
Freeman is a graduate of Chapman University, where she majored in public relations and advertising. She was an active member of Delta Gamma sorority and served as the President in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20906285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906285" title="Ethnic groups in Ecuador">
Ethnic groups in Ecuador

Overview.
Ecuador's ethnic groups descend from Spanish colonizers and South American Indians; indeed, the relationship between the two groups has defined Ecuador's subsequent pattern of ethnicity. The mix of these groups created a third category, described variously as mestizos. The fourth element consists of descendants of black slaves who arrived to work on coastal plantations in the sixteenth century. Censuses do not record ethnic affiliation, which in any event remains fluid; thus, estimates of the numbers of each group should be taken only as approximations. As of the 1980s, Indians and mestizos represented the bulk of the population, with each group accounting for roughly 40 percent of total population. Whites represented 10 to 15 percent and blacks the remaining 5 percent.
The precise criteria for defining ethnic groups varies considerably. The vocabulary that more prosperous mestizos and whites used in describing ethnic groups mixes social and biological characteristics. Typically, higher-status whites consider their own positions as derived from a superior racial background. Nonetheless, ethnic affiliation remains dynamic; Indians often become mestizos, and prosperous mestizos seek to improve their status sufficiently to be considered whites. Ethnic identity reflects numerous characteristics, only one of which is physical appearance; others include dress, language, community membership, and self-identification.
No pretense to equality or egalitarianism exists in ethnic relations. From the perspective of those in the upper echelons, the ranking of ethnic groups is undisputed: whites, mestizos, blacks, and Indians. As the self-proclaimed standard bearers of civilization, whites contend that only they manifest proper behavior, an appropriate sense of duty to family and kin, and the values integral to the Christian, European culture.
As with much of social life, this particular view of ethnicity has strongly feudal overtones. The conquistadors accepted and lauded hierarchy and rank. Their success in subduing the Inca Empire made them lords of the land and justified holding Indians as serfs, to serve as a cheap source of labor. Although individuals might change their position in the hierarchy, social mobility itself was not positively viewed. The movement of individuals up and down the social scale was regrettable—ideally, a person should be content with, and maintain, his or her assigned role in the social order.
The geography of ethnicity remained well-defined until the surge in migration that began in the 1950s. Whites resided primarily in larger cities. Mestizos lived in small towns scattered throughout the countryside. Indians formed the bulk of the Sierra rural populace, although mestizos filled this role in the areas with few Indians. Most blacks lived in Esmeraldas Province, with small enclaves found in the Carchi and Imbabura provinces. Pressure on Sierra land resources and the dissolution of the traditional hacienda, however, increased the numbers of Indians migrating to the Costa, the Oriente, and the cities. By the 1980s, Sierra Indians—or Indians in the process of switching their ethnic identity to that of mestizos—lived on Costa plantations, in Quito, Guayaquil, and other cities, and in colonization areas in the Oriente and the Costa. Indeed, Sierra Indians residing in the coastal region substantially outnumbered the remaining original Costa inhabitants, the Cayapa and Colorado Indians. In the late 1980s, analysts estimated that there were only about 4,000 Cayapas and Colorados. Some blacks had migrated from the remote region of the Ecuadorian-Colombian border to the towns and cities of Esmeraldas.
Whites and mestizos.
Whites constitute the most privileged ethnic group and occupy the top of Ecuador's social pyramid. Whites are mainly descended from Spain, Italy, France, Germany and Lebanon. Although whites share a common cultural background, differences in class and regional loyalties—especially the split between Quito and Guayaquil—remain important.
In general, financially successful whites are employed as high-status professionals, government officials, prosperous merchants, and financiers. In the white ideal, manual labor is viewed as degrading and evidence of an inability to maintain a proper lifestyle. Accordingly, business interests are geared toward maintaining the family's social status rather than the pursuit of economic success for its own sake.
Below the white elite, but merging with it, are mestizos. Mestizos share, to a large extent, a common set of values and a general cultural orientation with whites. Indeed, the boundary between the two groups remains fluid. Geography also plays a role. In the smaller towns of the Sierra, those of mixed ancestry would call themselves whites, but they would be considered as mestizos by whites of larger cities or by those with more clearly superior social status. Income and lifestyle also constitute important factors; a wealthy mestizo might be called a white, whereas a poorer one would be classified as a mestizo. Those in rural areas sometimes distinguish between "whites" and "legitimate whites." The latter could demonstrate to the satisfaction of the local community that their parents were considered white. Differing views of ethnicity partially reflect status differences between those involved in a given exchange. Hacienda foremen, for example, typically think of themselves as whites. Although Indians would agree with that classification, hacendados regard foremen as mestizos.
The terminology and categories themselves derive from colonial legal distinctions. Peninsulares (Spanish-born persons residing in the New World) ranked at the top of the social hierarchy. They enjoyed a range of legal privileges and status denied even wealthy criollos born of Spanish parents in the colonies. The pedigree of forbearers defined status at every level. Individuals were ranked by the number of grandparents legally classified as white.
Common usage, however, has modified the categories through the centuries. In the nineteenth century, for example, the term mestizo described a person whose parents were an Indian and a white. In contrast, a cholo was one whose parents were an Indian and a mestizo. By the twentieth century, mestizo and cholo were frequently used interchangeably. On occasion, however, some people used cholo in a derogatory sense to describe an Indian trying to rise above his or her proper station. Other people might use cholo to designate an intermediate category between Indian and mestizo.
As with whites, facility in Spanish, urban orientation, livelihood, manners, and fineness of clothing defines mestizo identity. Traditionally, mestizos fill the intermediate occupations such as clerk, small merchant, hacienda foreman, and low-ranking bureaucrat. Although mestizos are assumed to be of mixed Indian-white ancestry, an Indian might gradually become mestizo by abandoning his or her previous lifestyle.
Usually, individuals desiring to switch ethnic affiliation have to leave their villages, learn Spanish well enough to mask their origin, and acquire a mestizo occupation. They also have to acquire sufficient finesse and confidence in dealing with whites and mestizos not to be marked as Indians. It is virtually impossible for an Indian to change ethnic identity in his or her home community. No improvement in expertise, level of education, or facility in Spanish would cause locals to treat one born an Indian as a mestizo.
In special circumstances, individuals could move from one group to the other without leaving their communities. For example, the Saraguro Indians of southern Ecuador are generally more prosperous than local whites. Indeed, the latter either depend on the Saraguros for their livelihood or live in communities where typically most of the populace was Indian. As a result, a distinctive pattern of ethnic change prevails. Some whites opt to become Indians, usually improving their economic options in the process. A few Indians decide to improve their ethnic status and became white. The switch is made, however, without resort to subterfuge. Indians do not hide their origins, nor leave their home communities.
Blacks.
Approximately one-half million blacks live on the north coast and its riparian hinterlands, the descendants of African slaves who worked on coastal sugar plantations in the sixteenth century. Blacks hold a slightly higher position in the ethnic hierarchy than Indians, manifesting little of the subservience that characterizes Indians in dealing with whites and mestizos. Few readily identifiable elements of African heritage remained, although observers note aspects of dance, music, and magical belief that represent purported vestiges of African influence. Some linguists see evidence of an "Africanized" Spanish in the dialects spoken by those blacks living in the more remote areas.
Most blacks earn their livelihood in subsistence agriculture supplemented by wage labor, fishing, and work on cargo boats. Women on the coast earn income through shellfish gathering. Before the onslaught of Sierra to Costa migration in the 1960s and 1970s, some black males earned their living running small stores and cantinas and others served as intermediaries between black laborers and white and mestizo employers. White and mestizo migrants, however, took over virtually all small-scale commerce and marketing efforts and increasingly serve as employment brokers. The switch made skin color more important as an ethnic marker, with light-skinned blacks enjoying greater opportunities for mobility than those with darker skin.
Sierra Indians.
Sierra Indians had an estimated population of 1.5 to 2 million in the early 1980s and live in the intermontane valleys of the Andes. Prolonged contact with Hispanic culture, which dates back to the conquest, has had a homogenizing effect, reducing the variation among the indigenous Sierra tribes.
The Indians of the Sierra are separated from whites and mestizos by a castelike gulf. They are marked as a disadvantaged group; to be an Indian or indígena in Ecuador is to be stigmatized. Indians are usually poor and frequently illiterate, they enjoy limited participation in national institutions, and they command access to few of the social and economic opportunities available to more privileged groups.
Visible markers of ethnic affiliation, especially hairstyle, dress, and language, separate Indians from the rest of the populace. Indians wore more manufactured items by the late 1970s than previously; their clothing, nonetheless, was distinct from that of other rural inhabitants. Indians in communities relying extensively on wage labor sometimes assumed Western-style dress while still maintaining their Indian identity. Indians speak Quichua—a Quechua dialect—although most are bilingual, speaking Spanish as a second language with varying degrees of facility. By the late 1980s, some younger Indians no longer learned Quichua.
Most whites and mestizos view Indians as inherently inferior. Some regard indígenas as little better than a subspecies. A more benign perspective condescendingly considers the Indian as an intellectual inferior, an emotional child in need of direction. Such views underlie the elaborate public etiquette required in Indian-white/mestizo interactions. Common practice allows whites and mestizos to use first names and familiar verb and pronoun forms in addressing Indians.
Although public deference to other ethnic groups supports stereotypes of Indians as intellectually inferior, Indians view deference as a survival strategy. Deference establishes that an individual Indian was properly humble and deserving of the white's or mestizo's aid and intercession. Given the relative powerlessness of Indians, such an approach softens the rules governing interethnic exchanges.
The tenor of such exchanges differs in cases of limited hacienda dominance. The Otavalos of northern Ecuador, the Saraguros, and the Salaacas in the central Sierra resisted hacienda intrusion and domination by whites and mestizos. These Indians are thus less inclined to be subservient and adopt instead an attitude of aloofness or distance in dealing with whites and mestizos.
Most Indians, however, can improve their situation only by changing their ethnic affiliation. Such a switch in allegiances is fraught with risk, since individuals thereby lose the security offered by their small community of family and neighbors. Many reject such an extreme move and instead make a series of accommodations such as changing their dress and hairstyle while working for brief periods away from home and gradually increasing the length of their absences.
By the early 1980s, changes in Indian ethnic consciousness could be identified in some communities. An increasing number of educated Indians returned to work in their native communities instead of assuming a mestizo identity and moving away. They remained Indian in their loyalty and their ethnic allegiance. The numbers of Indian primary school teachers of Quichua increased, and literacy programs expanded; both trends reinforced Indian identity.
Although these developments were most prominent among prosperous groups such as the Otavalos and the Saraguros, the number of Indians in general moving into "mestizo jobs" increased during the oil expansion. New opportunities gave Indians the option of improving their economic status without sacrificing their ethnic identity. Observers also noted a general growth in ethnic pride coupled with negative reactions toward those Indians who chose to abandon their roots and become mestizos.
Oriente Indians.
Although the Indians of the Oriente first came into contact with whites in the sixteenth century, the encounters were more sporadic than those of most of the country's indigenous population. Until the nineteenth century, most non-Indians entering the region were either traders or missionaries. Beginning in the 1950s, however, the government built roads and encouraged settlers from the Sierra to colonize the Amazon River Basin. Virtually all remaining Indians were brought into increasing contact with national society. The interaction between Indians and outsiders had a profound impact on the indigenous way of life.
In the late 1970s, roughly 30,000 Quichua speakers and 15,000 Jívaros lived in Oriente Indian communities. Quichua speakers (sometimes referred to as the Yumbos) grew out of the detribalization of members of many different groups after the Spanish conquest. Subject to the influence of Quichua-speaking missionaries and traders, various elements of the Yumbos adopted the tongue as a lingua franca and gradually lost their previous languages and tribal origins. Yumbos were scattered throughout the Oriente, whereas the Jívaros—subdivided into the Shuar and the Achuar—were concentrated in southeastern Ecuador. Some also lived in northeastern Peru. Traditionally, both groups relied on migration to resolve intracommunity conflict and to limit the ecological damage to the tropical forest caused by slash-and-burn agriculture.
Both the Yumbos and the Jívaros depended on agriculture as their primary means of subsistence. Manioc, the main staple, was grown in conjunction with a wide variety of other fruits and vegetables. Yumbo men also resorted to wage labor to obtain cash for the few purchases deemed necessary. By the mid-1970s, increasing numbers of Quichua speakers settled around some of the towns and missions of the Oriente. Indians themselves had begun to make a distinction between Christian and jungle Indians. The former engaged in trade with townspeople. The Jívaros, in contrast to the Christian Quichua speakers, lived in more remote areas. Their mode of horticulture was similar to that of the non-Christian Yumbos, although they supplemented crop production with hunting and some livestock raising.
Shamans (curanderos) played a pivotal role in social relations in both groups. As the main leaders and the focus of local conflicts, shamans were believed to both cure and kill through magical means. In the 1980s group conflicts between rival shamans still erupted into full-scale feuds with loss of life.
The Oriente Indian population dropped precipitously during the initial period of intensive contact with outsiders. The destruction of their crops by mestizos laying claim to indigenous lands, the rapid exposure to diseases to which Indians lacked immunity, and the extreme social disorganization all contributed to increased mortality and decreased birth rates. One study of the Shuar in the 1950s found that the group between ten and nineteen years of age was smaller than expected. This was the group that had been youngest and most vulnerable during the initial contact with national society. Normal population growth rates began to reestablish themselves after approximately the first decade of such contact.
Increased colonization and oil exploration also displaced the indigenous population, hurt the nutritional status of Indians, and damaged tribal social relations. The Indians' first strategy was to retreat to more remote areas—an option that became less available with increased settlement of the tropical forest. Land pressures also produced a decline in the game available and, hence, in Indian protein levels. Even livestock raising did little to improve Indian diets, since this was done primarily for sale rather than consumption. In addition, the decline in migration opportunities increased tribal hostility and competition between rival shamans.
Critics contended that the government took little effective action to protect Indians. Although the government had designated some land as "indigenous communes" and missionaries had organized some Indians into cooperatives, Indians remained disadvantaged in conflicts with settlers, who had greater familiarity with the national bureaucracy.

</doc>
<doc id="20906295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906295" title="Mercy Hospital (Minnesota)">
Mercy Hospital (Minnesota)

Mercy Hospital, located in Coon Rapids, Minnesota, is a 271-bed non-profit hospital that serves the northern Twin Cities metropolitan area. Mercy Hospital is part of Allina Hospitals & Clinics health care system. Mercy offers specialty services including behavioral health, cancer care, heart and vascular services, orthopeidics and neuroscience. In 2006, the hospital provided care to more than 165,000 people.
Take Heart Anoka County.
Mercy Hospital is the main sponsor of Take Heart Anoka County, a coalition of doctors, nurses, paramedics, health educators and community leaders that aims to dramatically increase the likelihood of survival after sudden cardiac arrest by training more people in cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and placing automated external defibrillators (AEDs) in public places throughout the community. This aggressive approach to promote cardiac arrest and CPR awareness is also being followed in: St. Cloud, Minnesota; Columbus, Ohio and Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20906298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906298" title="Benjamin Franklin Jones (New Jersey politician)">
Benjamin Franklin Jones (New Jersey politician)

Benjamin Franklin Jones (December 31, 1869 – September 26, 1935) was an American jurist and Republican Party politician who served as the Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly in 1900.
Jones was born in Brooklyn in 1869, the son of Rev. John Jones and Elizabeth Holland. He was educated at Public School 10 and Brooklyn High School. He attended New York University, receiving a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1895 and a Master of Laws degree two years later. He was admitted to the New York bar in 1897.
He then moved to Maplewood, New Jersey and became involved in Republican politics. In 1899 he was elected to the General Assembly from Essex County. In 1900, at the age of 30, he served as Speaker of the Assembly for one term.
In 1906 Jones was appointed District Court Judge of the city of Orange, serving for five years. Following his retirement from the bench, he was appointed Essex County counsel, serving for three years. He also served as president of the Essex County Tax Board from 1917 to 1920, and during World War I served as a Government Appeal Agent. 
Jones married Mabel L. Stevens in Homer, New York on May 17, 1917. They had two children: Benjamin Franklin, Jr., and Mabel Elizabeth. 
Jones died at his home in Maplewood in 1935. He was 65.

</doc>
<doc id="20906303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906303" title="Andries de Graeff">
Andries de Graeff

Free Imperial Knight Andries de Graeff (19 February 1611 – 30 November 1678) was a very powerful member of the Amsterdam branch of the De Graeff - family during the Dutch Golden Age. He became a mayor of Amsterdam and a powerful Amsterdam regent after the death of his older brother Cornelis de Graeff. Like him and their father Jacob Dircksz de Graeff he opposed the house of Orange. In the mid-17th century he controlled the finances and politics.
Andries de Graeff followed in his father's and brother's footsteps and, between 1657 and 1672, was appointed mayor some seven times. De Graeff was a member of a family of regents who belonged to the republican political movement also referred to as the ‘state oriented’, as opposed to the Royalists. Andries was called the last regent and mayor from the dynastie of the "Graven", who was powerful and able enough to ruled the city of Amsterdam.
De Graeff was also an Ambachtsheer (Lord of the manor) from Urk en Emmeloord, during the late 1650s chiefcouncillor of the Admiralty of Amsterdam, chieflandholder of the Watergraafsmeer and dijkgraaf van Nieuwer-Amstel.
Together with his broether Cornelis De Graeff became an illustrious Patron and Art collector.
Family De Graeff.
Andries de Graeff was born in Amsterdam, the third son of Jacob Dircksz de Graeff and Aaltje Boelens Loen. His older sister Agneta who marrie Johan Bicker, was the mother of Johan de Witts wife Wendela Bicker. After he has been finished his study in Poitiers he was married to his nice Elisabeth Bicker van Swieten, daughter of the Amsterdam Mayor Cornelis Bicker van Swieten.
Both his brother Cornelis and Andries were very critical of the Orange family’s influence. Together with the Republican political leader Grand Pensionary Johan de Witt, the De Graeff brothers strived for the abolition of stadtholdership. They desired the full sovereignty of the individual regions in a form in which the Republic of the United Seven Netherlands was not ruled by a single person. Instead of a sovereign (or stadtholder) the political and military power was lodged with the States General and with the regents of the cities in Holland.
During the two decades the De Graeff family had a leading role in the Amsterdam administration, the city was at the peak of its political power. This period was also referred to by Republicans as the ‘Ware Vrijheid’ (True Freedom). It was the First Stadtholderless Period which lasted from 1650 to 1672. During these twenty years, the regents from Holland and in particular those of Amsterdam, controlled the republic. The city was flush with self-confidence and liked to compare itself to the famous Republic of Rome. Even without a stadtholder, things seemed to be going well for the Republic and its regents both politically and economically.
Political career.
Andries de Graeff was from 1646 a member of the vroedschap and from 1657-71 mayor seven times in the difficult times of the First Stadtholderless Period. Between 1650 and 1657 he was advisor of finances and finance minister of Holland at Den Haag.
Like his brother Cornelis, their cousin Andries Bicker and Joan Huydecoper van Maarsseveen De Graeff became one of the main figures behind the building of a new city hall on the Dam, which was inaugurated in 1655.
In 1650 he started his career as advisor in the ministerium of finances in Den Haag. After he became a minister he went back to Amsterdam, and took place as a sort of chairing mayor of this city. After the death of his brother Cornelis, De Graeff became the strong leader of the republicans. He held this position until the rampjaar.
He also became an advisor of the Admiralty of Amsterdam and in 1661 he was made an advisor of the States of Holland and West Friesland.
The Dutch Gift.
In 1660 the Dutch Gift was organized by the regents, especially Andries and his brother Cornelis. The sculptures for the gift were selected by the pre-eminent sculptor in the Netherlands, Artus Quellinus, and Gerrit van Uylenburgh, the son of Rembrandt's dealer Hendrick van Uylenburgh, advised the States-General on the purchase. The Dutch Gift was a collection of 28 mostly Italian Renaissance paintings and 12 classical sculptures, along with a yacht, the Mary, and furniture, which was presented to King Charles II of England by the States-General of the Netherlands in 1660.
Most of the paintings and all the Roman sculptures were from the Reynst collection, the most important seventeenth-century Dutch collection of paintings of the Italian sixteenth century, formed in Venice by Jan Reynst (1601–1646) and extended by his brother, Gerrit Reynst (1599–1658).
The collection was given to Charles II to mark his return to power in the English Restoration, before which Charles had spent many years in exile in the Dutch Republic during the rule of the English Commonwealth. It was intended to strengthen diplomatic relations between England and the Republic, but only a few years after the gift the two nations would be at war again in the Second Anglo-Dutch War of 1665–67.
Perpetual Edict (1667) and the Rampjaar 1672.
In 1667 De Graeff was one of the "sponsors" (the other signers where De Witt, Gillis Valckenier and Gaspar Fagel) of the Perpetual Edict, that was a resolution of the States of Holland in which they abolished the office of Stadtholder in the province of Holland. At approximately the same time a majority of provinces in the States-General of the Netherlands agreed to declare the office of stadtholder (in any of the provinces) incompatible with the office of Captain general of the Dutch Republic.
The Republic was in a dangerous position and war with France and England seemed imminent. The call for the return of a strong military leader from the Orange family was gaining momentum, particularly among commoners. A number of Amsterdam regents had started to realise that they needed to seek rapprochement with the Orangists. This put increasing pressure on Grand Pensionary Johan de Witts position. In 1670, the Amsterdamse Vroedschap (Amsterdam City Council) led by Mayors Valckenier and Coenraad van Beuningen decided to enter into an alliance with the Orangists and to offer the young prince William III of Orange a seat on the Council of State. This caused a definitive split between De Witt and the Orangist Amsterdam Group of regents around Mayor Valckenier. However, De Witt managed to push the turncoats into the Amsterdam city administration and they were sidelined during the vroedschap elections of February 1671.
Andries de Graeff was once again put forward as mayor and managed to gain control with his Republican faction. During the winter of 1671 it seemed as if – at least in Amsterdam – the Republicans were winning. It was an exceptionally opportune moment to commission a monumental ceiling painting on Amsterdam’s independent position for the ‘Sael’ of his mayor’s residence. De Graeff had a clear message in mind for the ceiling painting: the ‘Ware Vrijheid’ of the Republic was only protected by the Republican regents of Amsterdam. The paintings by Gerard de Lairesse glorify the de Graeff family’s role as the protector of the Republican state, defender of ‘Freedom’. The work of art can be viewed as a visual statement opposing the return of House of Orange.
In 1672, when the Orangists took power again, de Graeff lost his position as one of the key States party figure together with his nephews Pieter and Jacob de Graeff and his brother-in-law Lambert Reynst. In that year, De Graeff was also attacked by the Amsterdam mob crowd at the Haarlemmerpoort.
Art and Lifestyle.
De Graeff was a man, who surrounding himself with art and beauty. He was an art-collector and patron of such artists and poets like Rembrandt van Rijn, who painted his portrait, Gerard ter Borch, Govaert Flinck, Artus Quellinus and Joost van den Vondel.
Van den Vondel wrote a book about De Graeffs descent and family, which was called "Afbeeldingen der stamheeren en zommige telgen van de Graven, Boelensen, Bickeren en Witsens, toegewyt den edelen en gestrengen Heere Andries de Graeff, enz. met hunne portretten". Het vers "Op den edelen en gestrengen Heer Andries de Graeff, Ouden Raet en Rekenmeester der Graeflijckheit van Hollant, en West-Vrieslant, nu Out-Burgermeester, en Zeeraedt t'Amsterdam"
At his "City Palace" in the Gouden Bocht ("Golden Bend"), the most prestigious part of Herengracht, he assembled a big art collection, including "Jacob Blessing the Sons of Joseph" of Rembrandt.
In 1674 Andries de Graeff owned 700.000 Guilder. About that he was one of the richest persons from the Dutch Golden Age.
Death.
Before De Graeff died, he and his only son, Cornelis, became knights of the Holy Roman Empire. They said, that they descent from Wolfgang von Graben, member of the Austrian noble family House of Graben von Stein, which was an apparent (or illegitimate) branch of the House of Meinhardin. That diplome dadet from 19 July 1677. His tomb chapel is to be found of at the Oude Kerk in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20906307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906307" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Potter County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Potter County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Potter County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Potter County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 5 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20906314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906314" title="Paeonia officinalis">
Paeonia officinalis

Paeonia officinalis (European peony or common peony) is a species of flowering plant in the family Paeoniaceae, native to Europe. It is an herbaceous perennial growing to tall and wide, with leaves divided into 9 leaflets, and bowl-shaped deep pink or deep red flowers, in diameter, in late spring (May in the Northern Hemisphere).
Cultivated in Europe for five hundred years, "P. officinalis" was first used for medicinal purposes, then grown as an ornamental. Many selections are now used in horticulture, though the typical species is uncommon. "Paeonia officinalis" is still found wild in Europe.
The cultivar 'Rubra Plena' (deep crimson double flowered) has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20906317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906317" title="Coogi">
Coogi

Coogi is a fashion label known for its colorful knitwear. Founded in 1969 as Cuggi in Toorak, Melbourne, Australia, the label was renamed in 1987 to sound more like an indigenous Australian name.
While most famous for its expensive cost and textured knitwear (sometimes erroneously said to be the sweaters Bill Cosby wore on The Cosby Show) in the 1980s, the brand was popularized in the U.S. as urban hip-hop wear by rappers The Notorious B.I.G., Lil Boosie, Riff Raff, OJ da Juiceman wore it, therefore getting known as "cool gangster/coogi" In addition to clothing, the company's 1992 international trademark filing registered the brand for cosmetics and toiletries, leather, furniture, textiles, and toys.
It was purchased by a joint U.S venture, Coogi Partners LLC in 2002, by an investment group led by Jimmy Khezri, Norman Weisfeld and Bruce Weisfeld.
Under its new ownership, the label has taken a significantly more urban direction. Coogi now produces a wide range of urban t-shirts, jeans and jackets in addition to their trademark knitwear.

</doc>
<doc id="20906319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906319" title="Hendrik Jan Davids">
Hendrik Jan Davids

Hendrik Jan Davids (born 30 January 1969, in De Bilt, Netherlands), is a former professional tennis player from the Netherlands. 
During his career Davids won 7 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 12 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 26 in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20906327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906327" title="Ruby Gettinger">
Ruby Gettinger

Ruby Gettinger of Savannah, Georgia, was born January 24, 1967 in Portugal. She is the star of the Style Network series "Ruby" . The reality show documents her weight-loss journey to a goal of 150 pounds. Gettinger signed on to do the series in 2008 hoping to "inspire others". She told In Touch magazine in November 2008 that her dream was "to help those who are on the same road."
Publications.
Ruby's book, called "Ruby's Diary: Reflections on All I've Lost and Gained", was released on September 8, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20906333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906333" title="Eoconfuciusornis">
Eoconfuciusornis

Eoconfuciusornis a genus of extinct bird that lived 131 Ma ago, in the Early Cretaceous of China.
The type species of "Eoconfuciusornis", "Eoconfuciusornis zhengi", was named and described by Zhang Fucheng, Zhou Zhonghe and Michael Benton in 2008. The generic name combines a Greek ἠώς, "eos", "dawn", with the name of the related genus "Confuciusornis". The specific name honours Zheng Guangmei.
The holotype, specimen IVPP V11977, was found near Sichakou in Fengning in Hebei province. Its provenance the Sichakou Beds are part of the Dabeigou Formation which was seen by the describers as dating to the Hauterivian, and were thought to be about 131 million years old. The specimen consists of a compressed skeleton that is relatively complete and shows well conserved remains of most of the feathering.
"Eoconfuciusornis" was somewhat smaller than "Confuciusornis", but otherwise very similar with a pointed toothless beak. Compared to the latter it had longer legs and lacked a pierced deltopectoral crest on the humerus.
"Eoconfuciusornis" was assigned to the Confuciusornithidae. It would have been the most basal species known of that group, as reflected by the generic name and in conformation to the age ascribed to it, about six million years older than the specimens of "Confuciusornis". 

</doc>
<doc id="20906351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906351" title="Slangerup Abbey">
Slangerup Abbey

Slangerup Abbey was a monastery of first Benedictine nuns, then entrusted to the Cistercian nuns, which was located in Slangerup, Denmark.
History.
Slangerup, earlier "Slangir", was a royal residence from Viking times, perhaps as early as 1000. It was part residence, part farm, and enclosed so it could serve as a small fort. About 1095 King Erik Ejegod, who was born here, replaced the wooden stave church with a limestone church dedicated to Saint Nicholas. It was planned to be the largest church in Scandinavia and its final dimensions were 60 meters long and 13 meters wide. The church was later enlarged to comprise a nave with two side aisles and an apse added onto the choir. It also had twin towers about 30 meters in height. It is thought that Erik Ejegod was trying to establish the Hvide family's status by building such a massive church.
In 1170 King Valdemar I gave the "farm" and church of Slangerup for a community of Benedictine nuns, and the newly established abbey was dedicated to Our Lady and Saint Nicholas at the suggestion of Absalon, Bishop of Roskilde. The massive church had become costly to the royal family, and so it made economic sense to establish the nuns there and to let others help pay for the complex. Valdemar moved his unmarried daughters to the abbey where they could be watched over and educated. The church became one wing of the cloister, in which the nuns were separated from the world. They had their own private entry to the choir of the church which was gated off from the rest of the congregation, who usually attended the church only on holy days.
In 1187 a letter was written to Bishop Absalon, complaining that not all the nuns were "virtuous". This complaint led to the replacement of the Benedictine nuns with the new and strict Cistercian Order, which was seen as a reforming way of life. Most often a new Cistercian head of house and several Cistercian nuns were put in charge of the "unruly" house. The original nuns either left or conformed to the new observance. 
Throughout the 13th-14th centuries, the abbey received many rental properties and gifts of money from noble families for services rendered by the nuns for recently departed family members or for burial inside the Church. They also received donations and allowances from families who sent unmarried women to live a quasi-religious life in the abbey until they married or took the vows of chastity, poverty, and obedience.
In 1311 King Erik Menved issued a decree of shame against the nuns for their unruly behavior.
By 1344 the reputation of the abbey must have improved again, because Princess Agnete of Sweden, the daughter of King Birger Magnusson, and her retinue were sent to live at Slangerup by Erik VII. To ensure the abbey's continued existence it was given the town of Slangerup and several other large properties. It is commemorated as a house for young unmarried women in the old Danish folk ballad "Sir Morten's Robbery" "()".
Dissolution.
The Protestant Reformation in Denmark brought an end to the abbey at Slangerup. In 1529 the estate was given to Martin Bussert, the royal builder, who lost it during the Count's Feud. All religious houses were closed and became Crown property in 1536 when Denmark accepted the Smalcald Articles and officially became a Lutheran realm. Monasteries such as Slangerup Abbey were secularized, but the nuns were allowed to continue to live in the former monasteries under the supervision of a secular prioress. They essentially became homes for single women. Nobles were given the use and income of the estate with the condition that they assume responsibility for the remaining nuns. 
At Slangerup this arrangement lasted until 1555 when Arild Ubbe was given the estate by Christian III. In 1559 the valuable estate and its rent properties were broken up and divided between Copenhagen Castle, the University of Copenhagen, and the town of Slangerup.
The very large St. Nicholas' church was adjudged superfluous and demolished in 1572; the materials were used to construct St. Michael's Church in Slangerup. Part of the altarpiece at St. Michael's includes the wooden altarpiece from Slangerup Abbey Church. By 1600 the entire monastic complex was completely demolished. The building materials were sold to Frederik II to be used in the construction of Frederiksborg Castle at Hillerød.
Several excavations have been made to determine the location of the church and abbey in Slangerup. After careful observations the sites were reburied; there are no visible remains of the abbey at Slangerup.

</doc>
<doc id="20906356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906356" title="Kildare Senior Camogie Championship">
Kildare Senior Camogie Championship

Camogie was played in Kildare shortly after the sport was first organized in 1904. However due to sparse records it is not certain when the first senior camogie championship was held.The earliest record of Camogie appears in an advertisement by Athy Ladies Hurling Club advertised a members reunion in July 1909. Kildare sent delegates to the Camogie congress of 1932, and a county board was formed in 1934 with Fr Byrne CC of Caragh as President, Mrs B McCarthy as vice-president, William Fisher of Newbridge as secretary, and Polly Smyth of Newbridge as treasurer. Camogie was reorganized at a county convention in 1954, and has been played in Kildare continuously since.

</doc>
<doc id="20906364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906364" title="Giolitti (surname)">
Giolitti (surname)

Giolitti is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20906369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906369" title="Barony of Ida">
Barony of Ida

A Barony in the south-eastern part of County Kilkenny. Named for the three Ossory tribal lands in this area, described as Ida, Igrinn and Iberchon which later merged into the Barony of Ida.

</doc>
<doc id="20906379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906379" title="Ritchie Mines Wildlife Management Area">
Ritchie Mines Wildlife Management Area

Ritchie Mines Wildlife Management Area, is located near Smithville, West Virginia in Ritchie County. Ritchie Mines WMA is located on of rugged, hilly woodlands.
To access the WMA from the south, follow Route 47 west 8 miles from Smithville to Macfarlan Creek Road. Follow Macfarlan Creek Road north to the WMA.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities in Pruntytown State Farm WMA include deer, grouse, raccoon, squirrel, and turkey.
Although camping is not allowed at the WMA, camping is available at nearby North Bend State Park. A historically significant asphalt mine is located on the WVA. Fishing is also available at North Bend.

</doc>
<doc id="20906393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906393" title="The Chief Designer (novella)">
The Chief Designer (novella)

"The Chief Designer" is a science fiction novella published in 2001 by Andy Duncan. It won the 2002 Sturgeon Award and was nominated for the 2002 Hugo Award for Best Novella. It also appeared in Gardner Dozois' "".
Plot summary.
The story follows Sergey Korolyov, an educated man who served as a slave laborer in Siberia but eventually ends up leading the Soviet Union’s space program in Baikonur, Kazakhstan. Throughout his many years of service he becomes a very well respected hero in the USSR's space program. Along the way he implements several crucial designs, helps save the lives of many cosmonauts and struggles with constant political power plays.

</doc>
<doc id="20906397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906397" title="Virgil L. Couch">
Virgil L. Couch

Virgil Lee Couch (b.November 12, 1907 d.1990) was employed by the United States civil defense program from 1951 to 1972. He was the head of the Industry Office and director of the industrial civil defense program for the Federal Civil Defense Administration (1951–1958) and its two successor agencies, the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization (1958–1961) and the Office of Civil Defense, U.S. Department of Defense (1961–1972). By the time he retired Couch had earned the title of “Mr. Civil Defense” or “Mr. Industry Defense.”
Other positions he held while working for the FCDA included deputy assistant administrator in charge of management, executive director for the National Civil Defense Training and Education Program, director of Atomic Test Field Exercises, director of the Warden Service, and U.S. representative on civil defense to NATO. In October 1961 Virgil Couch was featured on the cover of "Time" magazine along with an article on the U.S. civil defense program. As of that date Couch was the only career federal employee to have achieved this recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="20906404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906404" title="James Iglehart">
James Iglehart

James Iglehart is a former American actor who appeared in a six films during the 1970s and was the leading actor in the 1973 blaxploitation film "Savage!".
Iglehart also had a role as the violent womanizing Randy Black in the Russ Meyer directed 1970 film "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls". In 1971 he had a role as Clay Rutherford in"The Seven Minutes", which also featured Ron Randell, John Carradine and an up-and-coming Tom Selleck. Then he starred alongside Scott Glenn and Gary Busey in a violent biker exploitation flick, "Angels Hard as They Come", a film that also featured Sharon Peckinpah the daughter of director Sam Peckinpah. 
In 1973 and 1974 he had lead roles as Cal Jefferson in "Bamboo Gods And Iron Men", a Filipino Martial arts/blaxploitation film. In 1978 he appeared "Death Force", his last role alongside Carmen Argenziano and Felton Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="20906409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906409" title="Ethnic groups in Chad">
Ethnic groups in Chad

The population of Chad is divided into numerous ethnic groups. SIL Ethnologue reports more than 130 distinct languages spoken in Chad.
The CIA Factbook based on the 1993 census reports on the largest ethnic groups:
The population can be broadly divided between those who follow the Islamic faith and the peoples of the south, by which is meant the five southernmost prefectures, who are mostly Christian or animist. 
Ethno-linguistically, the groups may be divided into:
Muslim groups.
Islamization began as early as the 8th century and was mostly complete by the 11th, when Islam became the official religion of the Kanem-Bornu Empire. The Arab invaders established an economy of slave trade across the Sudan region, and in Chad there was a tradition of slave raids (ghazw) under the Ouaddai and Baguirmi which persisted well into the 20th century. 
The Arabs of Chad form a relatively homogeneous group, localized in the regions of Chari Baguirmi and Ouaddai, but mostly seminomadic. 
Other Muslim groups include the Toubou, Hadjerai, Fulbe/Fulani, Kotoko, Kanembou, Baguirmi, Boulala, Zaghawa, and Maba. 
Some indigenous groups, such as the Salamat and the Taundjor, were largely Arabized by intermarriage over the years.
Non-Muslim groups.
Among the non-Muslim indigenous peoples, the most important (and the largest single group in Chad) are the Sara, about 30 percent of the population. They live in the valleys of the Chari and Logone rivers and are farmers of considerable skill. Others include the Ngambaye, Mbaye, Goulaye, Moundang, Moussei, and Massa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20906423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906423" title="Pamela McCorduck">
Pamela McCorduck

Pamela McCorduck (born 1940) is the author of a number of books concerning the history and philosophical significance of artificial intelligence, the future of engineering and the role of women and technology. She is also the author of three novels. She is a contributor to "Omni", "New York Times", "Daedalus", the "Michigan Quarterly Review" and is a contributing editor of "Wired". She is a former vice president of the PEN American Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20906424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906424" title="Front Yards in Bloom">
Front Yards in Bloom

Front Yards in Bloom is a program that celebrates attractive front yards in Edmonton. Front yards are nominated by the general public, local gardeners, and postal workers. Volunteers with the Edmonton Horticultural Society then visit each nominated front yard to deliver their congratulations, post a "Front Yards in Bloom" lawn sign, and evaluate the yard. Awards are given at the Edmonton in Bloom Awards.
Front Yards in Bloom (FYinB):
It is not a competition because nominations are intended as congratulations from one neighbour to another. So Front Yards in Bloom celebrates small pockets of beauty in Edmonton.
Although it's called "Front Yards" in Bloom, this includes side yards and corner gardens as well; any garden on private property that is open for the community to see (i.e. not fenced-in backyards).
Evaluation and awards.
Evaluation is based on curb appeal. Criteria includes: 
Volunteers select top yards from across the city (the "Awards of Merit"). Of those, six finalist yards are evaluated by VIP judges from the partners. All of the top yards are recognized at the Edmonton in Bloom Awards. An award is also given for a model Natural Front Yard (selected by the Edmonton Naturalization Group) and Edible Front Yard (selected by Sustainable Food Edmonton).
The Edmonton Journal Readers' Choice Award is given based on the votes of readers for pictures of the top six yards.
Front Yards in Bloom and Community Leagues.
The city-wide program has spawned local Front Yards in Bloom programs with Edmonton community leagues. Through these partnerships, participating community leagues help deliver signs and certificates, but they also help to recognize top yards in their own area. Community leagues can also contribute their own criteria, their own categories, and their own recognition ceremonies.
Community league selections get a better chance at making the finalists of next year's city-wide program.
Background and history.
Front Yards in Bloom began in 1999 and is run by the Edmonton Horticultural Society, Canada Post, and the City of Edmonton. The formula is modelled from Kitchener and has also run in Winnipeg and other Communities in Bloom cities across Canada.
Connection to Communities in Bloom.
Edmonton won the "over 300,000" population category at the national Communities in Bloom awards. The national judges gave special recognition to the Front Yards in Bloom program contributing to community beauty, community spirit, and connecting with the environment.
Leduc also won the "20-50,000" population category and Strathcona County won the "international large population" category.
- Top Honours Among Large Municipalities]

</doc>
<doc id="20906426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906426" title="WCIE">
WCIE

WCIE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20906451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906451" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 18 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks and another is designated as a National Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20906453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906453" title="A55 road (Northern Ireland)">
A55 road (Northern Ireland)

The A55 road forms Belfast's outer-ring road. 
Description.
A55 links many of the main arterial routes within the city as well as creating a bypass of the often congested city centre and problematic A12 Westlink. Large sections of the route in east Belfast have been upgraded to dual carriageway standard with at-grade traffic light controlled junctions, together with off road cycle paths alongside. However many sections (e.g. through Knock and from the Shaw's Bridge (Belvoir) to the M1) remain single carriageway, with four lanes of traffic. (Though the section through Knock has a proposed upgrade going through the final designs stages as of January 2009.) Despite this, all of the route in the west and north of the city (with the notable exception of the Monagh Bypass near Andersonstown) is nothing more than a single carriageway two-lane road based on local city streets and arterial routes. 
Proposed upgrades.
The lack of investment directed towards an upgrade for these sections of the city's ring road can be explained by a lack of demand, relatively lower traffic levels and few industrial sites in comparison to those of the south and east. However, in an attempt to attract inwards investment into the area the West Belfast & Greater Shankill Task Force has laid out a plan (publicised in late 2008) which proposes to extend and improve the route; extending from the Monagh Bypass as far north as the A52 Crumlin Road in the northwest of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20906462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906462" title="Consumation">
Consumation

Consumation may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20906484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906484" title="John White (colonist priest)">
John White (colonist priest)

John White (1575–1648) was the rector of a parish in Dorchester, Dorset, England. He was instrumental in obtaining charters for the New England Company, and the Massachusetts Bay Company. He took a close personal interest in the settlement of New England.
Life.
He was son of John White, who held a lease under New College, Oxford, by his wife Isabel, daughter of John Bawle of Lichfield, and was born at Stanton St. John, Oxfordshire, and baptised there on 6 January 1575. His elder brother, Josias, was rector of Hornchurch, Essex, 1614–23, and father of James White, a merchant of Boston, Massachusetts. In 1587 he entered Winchester School, and then was elected a fellow of New College in 1595. He graduated B.A. on 12 April 1597 and M.A. on 16 January 1601. He was appointed rector of Holy Trinity, Dorchester, in 1606, and for the rest of his life was identified with that place. He was a moderate conforming Puritan, concerned with reforming his parish.
John married Ann Burges, daughter of John Burges of Petersborough, Cambridgeshire. They had three known children: John; Samuel (who married first Sarah Cuttance, daughter of shipmaster Edward Cuttance; and Josiah, who married first Mary Hallett.
Massachusetts Bay Company.
White himself never sailed to America. About 1623 he interested himself in sending out a colony of Dorset men to settle in Massachusetts, allowing nonconformists to enjoy liberty of conscience. The attempt by the Dorchester Company to plant a colony at Cape Ann with Thomas Gardner as Overseer, at what would become Gloucester, Massachusetts, did not prove at first successful; in the previous decade, only about 500 English colonists had established a foothold, and this Company was wound up by 1625. White then recruited emigrants from the western counties of Dorset, Somerset and Devon, who set sail a few years later as a better-supported expedition and organized church aboard the ship "Mary and John". 
White made many trips to London from Dorchester, working to obtain a patent in 1628 for lands between the parallel lines south of the Charles River to north of the Merrimack River. He obtained the sponsorship of London merchants for a new colony in the New World. Concerned about conflicting claims to land given to several companies active in the north-east of the New World, the New England Company sought and was granted a Royal Charter on 4 March 1629, becoming the Massachusetts Bay Company. 
The Massachusetts Company had Richard Saltonstall as a chief shareholder. White was a member of the company, and on 30 Nov. he was nominated one of the committee to value the joint stock. John Endecott was sent out as governor. Francis Higginson and Samuel Skelton were chosen and approved by White as ministers, and sailed for the Dorchester colony on 4 May 1629 aboard the "George Bonaventura". The charter enabled John Winthrop to hire a fleet of what would eventually comprise eleven ships, later called the Winthrop Fleet, to bring a new wave of emigrants across the Atlantic. John Winthrop sailed in the "Arbella", White holding a service on board before she sailed. The "Mary and John" was the first, carrying 140 people recruited by White. On June 1630 they landed and founded the settlement of Dorchester, Massachusetts. The eleven ships eventually transported about 700 colonists to the New World. In 1632 and 1636 White was corresponding with John Winthrop (who urged White to visit the colony) about cod-lines and hooks to be sent, as well as flax of a suitable growth for Rhode Island. From 1630 to 1640 ships carried about 10,000 English colonist to the New World in what has been called the Great Migration.
Later in the 1630s White was under suspicion for his financial dealings. About 1635 or 1636 White was examined before Sir John Lambe about some papers seized in his study, and relating to a considerable sum of money sent by White to Dr. John Stoughton. This eventually turned out to be in part a legacy from one Philippa Pitt, bequeathed to White for good causes, and in part disbursements for the colonists in New England. White produced particulars of these in his note-books, and after six months' attendance before the court of high commission, he was discharged and the informant against him reprimanded.
Westminster Assembly.
When the First English Civil War broke out in 1642, Dorchester declared itself on the side of Parliament. A party of Prince Rupert's horse burst into White's house, plundered it, and carried off his books. He took refuge in London at the Savoy Hospital, where he ministered until, after the ejection of Daniel Featley, he was appointed rector of Lambeth on 30 September 1643, and given the use of Featley's library until his own could be recovered. He was chosen one of the Westminster Assembly, and at their opening service in St. Margaret's, Westminster (25 September 1643) prayed a full hour to prepare them for taking the Solemn League and Covenant. He regularly attended the sittings of the assembly, and signed the petition for the right to refuse the sacrament to scandalous persons, presented to the House of Lords, 12 August, was one of the assessors, and in 1645 was chosen on the committee of accommodation. White brought William Benn to Lambeth with him, whom he had called in 1629 to be the incumbent of All Saints, Dorchester.
On the death of Robert Pinck in November 1647, White was made warden of New College, but he declined to go to Oxford, because of bad health (1648). His death took place on 21 July 1648, and he was buried in the porch of St. Peter's Chapel (belonging to Trinity).

</doc>
<doc id="20906490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906490" title="Leonard V. Finder">
Leonard V. Finder

Leonard V. Finder (1910 – July 3, 1969) was an American lawyer and newspaper editor and publisher.
Early career.
Leonard Finder was born in Chicago and graduated from the University of Illinois School of Law in 1933. He practiced law in Chicago from 1933–1938, then established a public relations firm in New York City in 1944.
Newspaper career.
From 1947 to 1951 he was publisher for the "Manchester Evening-Leader" and then the "Stafford Star". In 1962 he became editor and publisher for the "Sacramento Union". After he left the "Sacramento Union" in 1966, he devoted his time to lecturing and writing—lecturing primarily at the University of California at Davis and, following a world tour in 1966, working on a book manuscript entitled “Reflections in Asia” as well as numerous newspaper and magazine articles. During this period he was also active in the California Republican Party and the Republican Council, The National Council on Crime and Delinquency, the Sacramento Area Mental Health Association, and the Sacramento Committee for Peace in the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="20906499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906499" title="English queens dowager">
English queens dowager

Queen mother is defined as "a queen dowager who is the mother of the reigning sovereign". The term has been used in England since at least 1577 and Samuel Pepys refers to Charles II's mother Henrietta Maria as the "Queene Mother". Further, she was described as the Queen Mother in early editions of the Book of Common Prayer and subsequent queen mothers were also so described in later editions.
It is not clear whether earlier English queen mothers were ever referred to by that term, or only as "dowager queen". Elizabeth Woodville was sometimes called "queen dowager".
Definition.
A queen mother is therefore a person satisfying the following criteria:
Contrary to myth, queen mother does not mean "mother of the Queen" and applies irrespective of whether the monarch is male or female.
A queen mother retains the style of Her Majesty that she enjoyed as queen, but there is no further coronation ceremony to reflect her changed status.
List of queen mothers.
Following is a list of women who, on the above definition, were entitled to be known as "queen mother" at some point in their lives. 
History.
Following is a list of wives and mothers of English and British monarchs, with an explanation of why each was or was not a queen mother.
House of Lancaster.
There was one queen mother during the period of the House of Lancaster.
House of York.
There was one queen mother (for just two months) during the period of the House of York.
Tudor dynasty.
There were no queen mothers during the Tudor period.
House of Stuart.
There was only one queen mother in this period.

</doc>
<doc id="20906501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906501" title="British queen mothers">
British queen mothers

Queen mother is defined as "a queen dowager who is the mother of the reigning sovereign".
Definition.
A queen mother is a person satisfying the following criteria:
Queen mother does not mean "mother of the Queen"; it applies whether the current monarch is queen or king.
As a queen, a queen mother retains the style of Her Majesty.
List of queen mothers.
Following is a list of women who, on the above definition, were entitled to be known as "queen mother" at some point in their lives.
House of Hanover.
There were no queen mothers among the Hanoverians.
20th century.
There will not be a Queen Mother for many years now, as the first in line to the throne, Prince Charles, is the son of a queen regnant. The mother of Princes William and Harry (second and fourth in line to the throne), Diana, Princess of Wales, is deceased. The next likely Queen Mother will be the now Duchess of Cambridge who, if her husband Prince William becomes king and predeceases her leaving one of their children on the throne, will become Queen Mother.

</doc>
<doc id="20906511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906511" title="Alabama Crimson Tide softball">
Alabama Crimson Tide softball

The Alabama Crimson Tide softball team represents the University of Alabama in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). It is currently led by head coach Patrick Murphy and assistant coaches Alyson Habetz and Stephanie VanBrakle. The team plays its home games at the Rhoads Stadium located on the university's campus. The Alabama Crimson Tide softball team won its first National Championship in 2012, after they defeated the Oklahoma Sooners in the championship series of the Women's College World Series.
History.
On September 28, 1995, Alabama athletics director Glen Tuckett announced the school would sponsor a softball program to begin play in the 1997 season. At the time of its addition, softball became both the 20th varsity sport overall and 11th women's sport sponsored at Alabama. On January 3, 1996, Kalum Haack was hired from Kansas to serve as the first head coach for the team. The next spring, Haack recruited his first class for the inaugural 1997 team. On February 15, 1997, Alabama defeated Tulsa 5–2 in their first all-time game at ASA Hall of Fame Stadium in Oklahoma City. Two weeks later, the Crimson Tide won their first all-time home game in their home opener at Sokol Park against Delta State 4–3.
After he led the Crimson Tide in their inaugural season and to their first SEC championship in their second season, on June 30, 1998, Haack resigned as head coach. He cited personal reasons for his resignation. During his two year stint as head coach, Haack compiled an overall record of 78 wins and 47 losses (78–47). A week later on July 9, Alabama assistant coach Patrick Murphy was promoted to the Crimson Tide's head coach position.
Since Murphy took over in 1999, the Crimson Tide has won 9 SEC championships (4 regular season and 5 tournaments), made 14 consecutive NCAA tournaments (every year since 1999) and have advanced to the Women's College World Series eight times. In 2012, Alabama defeated the Oklahoma Sooners, 2 games to 1, in the championship series of the Women's College World Series, to win its first national championship in school history and the first softball national championship in the history of the SEC.

</doc>
<doc id="20906515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906515" title="Memorare (novella)">
Memorare (novella)

"Memorare" is a science fiction novella published in 2007 by Gene Wolfe. It was nominated for the 2008 Nebula Award for Best Novella.
Plot summary.
The story follows March Wildspring, a film maker who has traveled to the asteroid belt and is filming inside the memorials left behind as tombstones for departed space travelers. It is dangerous work because several of them contain traps intended to kill unsuspecting visitors and force their souls into eternal bondage. To help him with the voice over commentary March’s girlfriend, Kit, goes to the asteroid belt with a battered woman who is trying to escape her abusive husband. Together, the three of them decide to enter the most dangerous memorial of all.

</doc>
<doc id="20906540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906540" title="Stefano D'Aste">
Stefano D'Aste

Stefano D'Aste (born 26 February 1974 in Genoa) is an Italian auto racing driver.
His early racing career included competing on motorcycles and the Monza International Rally. He has competed in the World Touring Car Championship since 2004 (when it was known as the European Touring Car Championship).
Racing career.
World Touring Car Championship.
Proteam Motorsport (2005–06).
In 2005 D'Aste competed for Proteam Motorsport in a BMW 320i, finishing third in the Independents' Trophy, with second overall in the second race at Spa-Francorchamps as his best result. He continued with Proteam in 2006, again finishing third in the Independents' Trophy, with a best overall finish of tenth.
Wiechers-Sport (2007).
For 2007, D'Aste moved to the Wiechers-Sport team, where he won the Yokohama Independents Trophy in a BMW 320si. His best overall finish was again tenth.
Scuderia Proteam Motorsport (2008).
In 2008 he stayed in the WTCC, returning to Proteam Motorsport for his third season at the team. He failed to retain his Independents' crown, finishing third in the final standings. He decided not to attend the final rounds in Macau as a protest at being given a five-place grid penalty after an incident at the previous round in Japan. This was despite being in contention to keep his teammate Sergio Hernández from taking his title.
Wiechers-Sport (2009).
For 2009 D'Aste was due to continue in the WTCC for Proteam, but the deal collapsed and returned instead to Wiechers-Sport. He finished the season nineteenth in the drivers' standings with a best result of sixth at the Race of Germany.
Scuderia Proteam Motorsport (2010).
In 2010, D'Aste returned for a third stint at Proteam. He elected to again miss the season finale at Macau in order to attend the Monza Rally Show, this despite still being in contention for the Independents' Trophy and leaving teammate Hernandez as Proteam's only title challenger. D'Aste ended the season sixth in the Independents' Trophy and nineteenth in the overall standings with a best finish of ninth at the 2010 FIA WTCC Race of the Czech Republic.
Wiechers-Sport (2011–2012).
D'Aste returned to the WTCC midseason in 2011, replacing Urs Sonderegger at Wiechers-Sport from the sixth round in Portugal. He qualified tenth and took the benefit of the race two reversed grid pole position on his first outing under the new qualifying rules. He took the first point of the season for the team in race one but finished out of the points in the second race. D'Aste missed the next round of the WTCC to race in the GT4 European Cup – driving a Lotus Evora for Gianni Giudici's eponymous team – but he returned for the rounds at Oschersleben and Valencia. He finished the season 17th in the overall standings, by this time his best finish in the WTCC despite having only competed in three events.
After selected outings in 2011, D'Aste returned to Wiechers-Sport for a full season in 2012. D'Aste took his first overall WTCC win at the Salzburgring, where a series of punctures for the front wheel drive cars allowed him to pass race leader Robert Huff at the last corner. For the fourth time in 2012, he started from the reversed grid pole at Suzuka; he led from start to finish to claim his second win of the season ahead of independent rival Pepe Oriola and Gabriele Tarquini. D'Aste finished on the podium once again at the Race of China, finishing third behind Chevrolet drivers Huff and Menu in race one. He ran as high as second in race two but the drivers' door on his car was stuck open and he dropped down the order. He went to the Race of Macau in contention for the Yokohama Trophy, 15 points behind trophy leader Norbert Michelisz. He qualified behind both his rivals and was then caught up in a pileup at Lisboa corner on the first lap, which caused considerable damage to D'Aste's car and he retired on lap two. Another accident in race two meant he scored no points from the meeting and remained third in the Yokohama Trophy; although 2012 did mark his best placing in the overall championship so far, with seventh place.
PB Racing (2013–).
D'Aste established his own team called PB Racing for the 2013 season which he would drive a BMW 320 TC for. The crashed out of the first race of the Race of Italy when he spun on exit of Ascari on lap four and hit the barriers, skating over the track and then hitting the barriers on the other side before coming to a halt. He started race 2 from the back of the grid, but after a fantastic driving, he finished in 9.

</doc>
<doc id="20906543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906543" title="Ledocarpaceae">
Ledocarpaceae

Ledocarpaceae Meyen was a small flowering plant family of shrubs native to western South America. Under the APG III system of classification it is considered to be a part of the Vivianiaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20906565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906565" title="Carl Davidson">
Carl Davidson

Carl Davidson is a former student leader of the New Left of the 1960s, serving as a Vice President and National Secretary of Students for a Democratic Society. From 1968 to 1976, he worked on the "Guardian (US)" newsweekly as a writer and news editor. Born in 1943, he graduated with a B.A. in philosophy from Penn State, and later taught and did graduate work at the University of Nebraska, between 1965 and 1966.
Today he is a national co-chair of the Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism and a national board member of Solidarity Economy Network, advocating a mixture of market socialism and worker ownership. Recently Davidson led Progressives for Obama, now called Progressive America Rising, as an independent left-progressive initiative, in part to convince those on the radical left to pursue what he considers more pragmatic alternatives. He has also worked on a leadership level with United for Peace and Justice and its local affiliates. After organizing for many years in New York City and Chicago, he now resides in Beaver County, PA, near Pittsburgh, where he was born and raised.

</doc>
<doc id="20906600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906600" title="Spanish National Youth Orchestra">
Spanish National Youth Orchestra

The Spanish National Youth Orchestra (Joven Orquesta Nacional de España, abbreviation JONDE) is a Spanish youth orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20906602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906602" title="Blair Herter">
Blair Herter

Blair Joseph Herter (born June 23, 1980) is an American television personality, known for his appearances on TV series such as "", "Real World/Road Rules Challenge", "Attack of the Show!", "X-Play" and "American Ninja Warrior".
Early life.
Herter was born in Scott, Louisiana. 
Career.
Herter worked for MTV, appearing on seasons of "Road Rules" and "Real World/Road Rules Challenge" series, as well as "G-Hole". In 2007 he joined the G4 Network as a producer and recurring substitute host for "Attack of the Show!" (and its "The Feed" segment) and "X-Play". He was the co-host of season 1 of "American Ninja Warrior" with Alison Haislip. During the 2013 Electronic Entertainment Expo, Blair co-anchored Microsoft's nightly "Xbox @ E3 Live" streaming event coverage on Xbox Live with former G4 personalities Morgan Webb and Kevin Pereira. He currently works at DC Comics where he hosts a show on DC's youtube channel called DC All Access.
Personal.
In 2012, Herter married fellow G4 personality, Jessica Chobot. They have a son, Emerson Roland Herter.

</doc>
<doc id="20906616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906616" title="Willie Thomas">
Willie Thomas

William 'Willie' Henry Thomas (22 March 1866 – 11 October 1921) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played club rugby for Llanelli and London Welsh. He was capped eleven times for Wales and captained the team on two occasions. In 1888, Thomas was chosen to tour New Zealand and Australia as part of the first British Isles team. This unofficial tour did not play any international opposition and no caps were awarded.
Thomas was born in Fishguard in 1866 to E.B. Thomas of Pembrokshire. He was educated at Llandovery College before graduating to Corpus Christi College, Cambridge in 1885.
Rugby career.
In 1885, while still a schoolboy at Llandovery College, Thomas was selected for the final Welsh game of the Home Nations Championship. Captained by Newport's Charlie Newman, Wales engineered a draw through unsporting tactics, mainly by killing the ball whenever possible by lying on it. Thomas was reselected for both Welsh games of the 1886 Home Nations Championship, still representing Llandovery for the opening game against England at Blackheath, but having progressed to the Cambridge University team by the time Wales hosted Scotland a week later. Wales lost both matches, but in the second game at the Cardiff Arms Park against Scotland, Thomas was part of the first Welsh team to trial the four three-quarter system. In 1886 and 1887, Thomas was on the winning Cambridge team in the Varsity match against Oxford, collecting two sporting Blues.
Thomas played twice in the 1887 Championship, in the losses to England and Scotland, but missed the win over Ireland when he was replaced by William Towers. Thomas was back for both games of the 1888 Championship, but by now was representing London based exiles, London Welsh. The opening game saw the very first Welsh win over Scotland, thanks to a debut try from Thomas Pryce-Jenkins. This was also the first winning international game Thomas had been part of, though the team could not capitalise on their success when they were beaten by Ireland in the second and final game of the tournament.
Thomas missed the next four games for Wales, including the historic match against the New Zealand Natives, but returned for the second game of the 1890 Championship. After having lost to Scotland in the tournament opener, Thomas was back in the pack to face England. Now captained by Wales rugby legend Arthur 'Monkey' Gould, Wales won an historic victory over the English, after some clever line-out play by William Stadden. This was the first time Wales had beaten England and the result gave Wales a chance of taking the tournament title when they face Ireland two weeks later. The Welsh were unable to take advantage of their England win, when they drew, with a goal apiece, at Lansdowne Road. Wales were heading towards defeat before a late Charlie Thomas try gave Wales an equaliser. More notable was the fight between the two sides at the after-match dinner, in which nine players found themselves in Dublin Court the next day. The press did not release the names of the culprits, so it is not known if Thomas was among them.
Thomas represented Wales twice more, when he was given the captaincy in the final two games of the 1891 Championship. Thomas was now playing for Llanelli, and his final match was to lead his country out in a win over Ireland at Stradey Park.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20906619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906619" title="United States Amateur Disc Golf Championships">
United States Amateur Disc Golf Championships

<onlyinclude>This is a list of United States Amateur Disc Golf Champions, that is, all the men that have won the United States Amateur Championship of the PDGA (Professional Disc Golf Association). The USADGC is held annually at the famed Toboggan Course at Kensington Metropark, north of Detroit, Michigan, in Milford, Michigan. The winner of the USADGC is given an automatic berth to the United States Disc Golf Championship, held in Rock Hill, South Carolina. The event has been held since 2002 in this format, with the winner frequently being picked up by Discraft, a disc manufacturing company out of Wixom, Michigan. Currently the record for margin of victory in the USADGC is ten strokes, held by David Wiggins Jr and set in 2010, Wiggins Jr also set a new record for total number of strokes under par (20). Todd White was the tournament director for the event from 2002 through 2008, after which he stepped down.</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20906621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906621" title="B. R. Ishara">
B. R. Ishara

Babu Ram Ishara (born Roshan Lal Sharma; 7 September 1934 – 25 July 2012) was an Indian film director and screenwriter best known for his films of the 1970s. He filmed 34 Bollywood films between 1969 and 1996. He was much popular for his film chetana
Life and career.
Ishara was born in Bharwain (Chintpurni), in the Una district, Himachal Pradesh in India. After leaving home to try his luck in Bombay, he became a film director.
His first mainstream film, "Insaaf Ka Mandir", starred the actors Tarun Bose and Aruna Irani. Subsequently, he brought cricketer Salim Durrani into cinema with "Charitra" in which he also introduced Parveen Babi and composer Bappi Lahiri to film audiences. He worked with a number of other newcomers including Danny Dengzongpa, Rakesh Pandey, Vijay Arora, Jaya Bhaduri, Amitabh Bachchan, Reena Roy, Shatrughan Sinha, Raj Kiran and Raza Murad.His film Woh Phir Ayegi with Rajesh Khanna in 1988 was a silver jubilee hit and Sautela Bhai was critically acclaimed.
He got married in 1984 to the Bollywood actress Rehana Sultan.
Ishara died from tuberculosis on 24 July 2012 at 1:30 am in Mumbai's Criticare hospital at age 77.
References.
7. An appreciation of the life and works of BR Ishara. http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2012-07-25/news-interviews/32847737_1_b-r-ishara-charitra-rehana-sultan.

</doc>
<doc id="20906640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906640" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Snyder County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Snyder County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Snyder County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Snyder County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 8 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks and another is designated as a National Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20906652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906652" title="Lepidobotryaceae">
Lepidobotryaceae

Lepidobotryaceae is a flowering plant family in the order Celastrales. It contains only two species, "Lepidobotrys staudtii" and "Ruptiliocarpon caracolito".
Description.
The Lepidobotryaceae are dioecious trees. The leaves are alternate and arranged in two rows along the stems. The blade is elliptic in shape and the margin is entire. The leaves appear simple, but are actually unifoliate. A unifoliate leaf is a type of compound leaf that consists of a single leaflet mounted on the end of a rachis. There is a joint where the leaflet is attached to the rachis. In Lepidobotryaceae, this joint bears a single, elongate stipel, and there is a pair of small stipules where the petiole attaches to the stem. After the emergence of the leaf, the stipel and stipules soon fall away.
The flowers are produced in small inflorescences opposite the leaves. They are small and greenish with five sepals and five petals. The sepals and petals are similar in size and appearance, free from each other, or very shortly united at the base. In the flower bud, the sepals are arranged quincuncially. This means that two are inside, two are outside, and one of them has one margin exposed and the other covered. The nectary disk is fleshy in "Lepidobotrys", but extended into a tube in "Ruptiliocarpon". The stamens are in two whorls of five, one whorl opposite the sepals and the other opposite the petals. Those in the outer whorl, opposite the sepals, are longer. The filaments are fused at the base, shortly in "Lepidobotrys", but forming an extension of the tubular nectary in "Ruptiliocarpon". The pollen is produced in four thecae on each anther. The stigmas are elongate, appearing as false styles, known as stylodia.
The ovary is located inside the flower, rather than below. It has two or three locules, with two ovules per locule. The ovules are attached to the partition that separates the locules, near its summit. The fruit is a capsule with one, or rarely, two seeds. The seeds are black and partly covered with an orange aril.
In 2000, a DNA analysis of the eudicots based on the rbcL gene showed that the families Lepidobotryaceae, Parnassiaceae, and Celastraceae form a strongly supported clade. The authors of this study recommended that these three families constitute the order Celastrales. This result was strongly supported by later studies.
The families that "Lepidobotrys" had usually been placed into, Linaceae and Oxalidaceae, are now placed in the orders Malpighiales and Oxalidales, respectively, which are closely related to Celastrales. The orders Celastrales, Oxalidales, and Malpighiales, along with the unplaced family Huaceae form a group known as the COM clade of the Rosids.

</doc>
<doc id="20906653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906653" title="Frederick Oscar Warren Loomis">
Frederick Oscar Warren Loomis

Sir Frederick Oscar Warren Loomis (1870–1937) enlisted as a private in the Canadian Militia in 1886 and served there until retiring in 1919. During the First World War he was given command of the Royal Highlanders of Canada and later led the 3rd Canadian Division during the last two months of the First World War as a major-general.
He is portrayed in a painting in the Canadian Senate Chamber leading the Royal Highlanders of Canada (Canadian Expeditionary Force) into Saint-Nazaire in 1915.
Mount Loomis on the Alberta/BC border is named after him.
References.
http://www2.parl.gc.ca/Sites/LOP/AboutParliament/WarPaintings/bundy1-e.asp
http://www.peakfinder.com/peakfinder.ASP?PeakName=Mount+Loomis

</doc>
<doc id="20906677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906677" title="Tarun Bose">
Tarun Bose

Tarun Bose (September 14, 1928 - March 8, 1972) was an Indian film actor, active in Bollywood during the 1960s and 1970s.
Early life and education.
Bose was born in Kolkata, though he grew up in Nagpur, where he studied at St. Francis High School. Early in his teen he started performing a local plays and at age 15 he auditioned for the newly opened All India Radio, Nagpur, where he went on to work in radio plays.
Career.
After completing his education, he started working with the Post and Telegraph Department, so that he could have pursue acting on side, without family pressure.
Bose made his film debut in 1957 in the Asit Sen film, "Apradhi Kaun?" (1957), which also starred Mala Sinha and Abhi Bhattacharya. 
Bose was noted for his intense performances in movies such as "Gumnaam", "Bandini" (1963), "Anupama" (1966), Devar, "Mujhe Jeene Do" (1963), "Aan Milo Sajna" and several other movies in the sixties and early seventies. He has worked with eminent actors like Ashok Kumar, Dharmendra, Manoj Kumar, Sunil Dutt, Balraj Sahni and Amitabh Bachchan among others. From the directors, he has worked with Bimal Roy, Hrishikesh Mukherjee, Satyen Bose, Asit Sen, Dulal Guha and others.
He starred in at least 41 films between 1957 and 1974 and gained a reputation for playing middle class professional figures, particularly doctors and occasionally judges or lawyers. He died on March 8, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20906690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906690" title="Bethabara Moravian Church, Jamaica">
Bethabara Moravian Church, Jamaica

Bethabara Moravian Church is a congregation of the Jamaica Province of the Moravian Church. It opened for worship on 1841-07-28.
History.
Moravian work in the vicinity began in 1827 as an outstation of Fairfield and continued until 1837 when the adherents were sent to join New Broughton or Ebenezer (both Presbyterian). In 1839 the minister of Fairfield resumed the work (at the request of the adherents) with services held in a leaky building at Isles. The ground breaking for the present church building was on 1840-01-16.
An elementary school was established in 1846 (in the church building initially) and an infant school in 1863.
Bethlehem Moravian College started here in 1861, closing in 1887 (after twenty six years) preparatory to the move to Malvern.
Patrick Town (1882) and Sharon (1950s) started as outstations of Bethabara. Broadleaf is at present Bethabara's only outstation.
The Newport Branch Library had its origin in the church building (1950s).
The congregation hosted the provincial synods of 1983 and 1989.
Buildings.
Church.
A cut stone and mortar structure with a small wooden belfry to the front. The exterior of the building was rendered and painted late in the 20th century.
A pipe organ was obtained from Germany in the early 1890s.
Manse.
The manse is rumoured to have been an overseers house on the Isle sugar estate prior to the construction of the church. Be that as it may, it is a substantial structure in traditional style with a stone built ground floor (used for storage) below the wooden living quarters on the first floor.
Rain water was channelled by gutters from the roof to a large storage tank to the north of the building from where it was daily pumped by hand into a header tank and gravity fed to taps.
To the rear (east) of the building was a row of outbuildings which formed one side of a small courtyard. These were removed during the 1980s.
Schools.
The original infant school was to the left at the rear of the church with the junior school to the church's front right. Since these photographs were taken the infant building has been abandoned and the junior building replaced with a much larger structure.
Moravian Deaconess House.
Opened on 1971-07-28 by Bishop Hastings.
Burial ground.
Adjacent to the church is a large and well used God's Acre of about 5000m2.
Ministry.
Several Bethabara men went on to serve as Ministers of the Moravian Church including S J Swaby, Trevor Dawkins, Livingstone and Paul Thompson (brothers) and Robert Cuthbert who entered the ministry while his father was serving Bethabara.
S J Swaby, Robert Cuthbert, Livingstone Thompson and Paul Thompson have served the PEC as Secretary, President and Secretary.
Vivian Moses was consecrated as a bishop while serving in North America.
Ministers.
Reference:.
F P Wilde's 48 years at Bethabara (and one year elsewhere) remains the longest service in Jamaica by a Moravian minister.

</doc>
<doc id="20906714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906714" title="Alfred Rose (bishop)">
Alfred Rose (bishop)

Alfred Carey Wollaston Rose (1884-1971) was the sixth Bishop of Dover in the modern era, from 1935 to 1956
Alfred Carey Wollaston Rose was born in 1884. He was educated at Marlborough, and Worcester College, Oxford.
He began his presbyterate with a curacy at St Mary, Somers Town, in London; after which he served as a Naval Chaplain during World War I.
When peace returned, he became Warden of the Bishop's Hostel, Lincoln; and after this was successively Vicar of Haigh, Greater Manchester, Rural Dean of Brighton and a Chaplain to The King before his ordination to the episcopate.
In retirement he continued to serve the Church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Canterbury and as a Sub-Prelate of The Order of St John of Jerusalem.
He died in 1971. His son, Sir Clive Rose was a diplomat who served as Permanent Representative to the North Atlantic Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20906728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906728" title="Haruai language">
Haruai language

Haruai (less commonly Harway) is one of two languages of the Piawi family of New Guinea. The language has borrowings from Kalam. Young men are likely to know Kobon and Tok Pisin, but many Haruai are monolingual. Commonly known as Waibuk, also Wiyaw, Wovan, Taman. Dialects are North Waibuk (Hamil), Central Waibuk (Mambar), South Waibuk (Arama); word taboo is practiced but does not impede communication.

</doc>
<doc id="20906739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906739" title="Murdostoun">
Murdostoun

Murdostoun is or was a vast estate in Lanarkshire, Scotland, which includes a castle, (Ordnance Survey Grid Reference NS8257), which lies on the South Calder Water near the village of Bonkle in the parish of Shotts, Lanarkshire, Scotland. The name MURDOSTOUN was derived from the words MURTHOCK and TON which meant dwelling of Murthock. Murdostoun can refer to the ancient barony of the Scott and then the clan, the castle built by the Scotts or a bridge over the South Calder Water.
The Barony of Murdostoun.
The Barony of Murdostoun once included the lands of Hartwood and extended east as far as Hilhouserig and Hartwood Burn.
Murdostoun Estate.
The vast Murdostoun Estate contained many farms. The main ones were: Foulburn, Castlehill, Easthouse, Westhouse, Penty, Muimailing, Easterhill, Westerhill and Shapenknowe. Other near the Murdostoun Castle were Eastwood, Westwood, Rosebank and Heughbank. The estate was reported to consist of 1,760 acres in 1872. The former Allanton Estate lay just to the east.
Murdostoun Castle.
Murdostoun Castle lies 1100 meters west-northwest of the village of Bonkle. Murdostoun Castle was built by the Scott family in the 15th Century and was constructed as a keep or fortified residence. It stands on a good position high above the South Calder Water and was one of many built as a defensive measure across the Forth and Clyde Valley. The typical design of these houses was of a tall square block of three storeys, set within a courtyard, with thick walls and battlements. For security, no access from the ground floor to the two floors above, could be made. The main hall on the first floor was reached by a removable staircase from the Courtyard and access to the top floor, where the sleeping quarters were located, was by a narrow stair within the walls. Other rooms were also created within the walls. The roofs were made of stone for protection against fire attacks and parapets and fighting platforms were provided around the wall tops.
Murdostoun Bridge - Dated 1817.
Murdostoun Bridge is a single span segmental-arch bridge. Constructed predominantly of yellow ashlar sandstone, with chamfered wing wall, hoodmoulded arch ring and low ashlar parapets.
Murdostoun Bridge crosses the South Calder Water which divided the Murdostoun Estate from the Allanton estate. The river is also the parish boundary. Equidistant between the Allanton estate village of Bonkle and Murdostoun Castle. The bridge was probably built by the Stewarts of Allanton, stylistically it is similar to the triple span Allanton House bridge. The date of 1817 matches many of the cottages in Bonkle, the Allanton estate village whereas the Murdostoun estate was unoccupied at this time.
The Murthock Family 1241-1296.
The family Murthock can be traced back as far as the reign of Alexander III of Scotland.
The Scott Family - 1296-1466.
In 1296 Sir Richard Scott married the daughter and heiress of Murdostoun and became the owner of the properties of Murdostoun and Hardwood, and as feudal lord swore fealty to Edward I of England. Sir Richard was ancestor of the family of Buccleuch and of Sir Walter Scott. 
Sir Richard died in 1320. His decedent, Sir David Scott, sat in the Parliament held in Edinburgh in 1487 as 'Dominus de Baccleuch.' His son, Sir Michael Scott, heir of Murdostoun, distinguished himself at the Battle of Halidon Hill on 19 July 1333. He was slain at the Battle of Durham, 17 October 1346. He was succeeded by his elder son Robert, who died in 1389 who in turn was succeeded by his son Walter Scott of Murdostoun and Rankelburn. On 7 December 1389 he obtained a charter from Robert II of the superiorities of Kirkurd, and was honoured by a knighthood. 
On 23 July 1446 by a charter of Excambion the Scotts' lands of Murdostoun and Hartwood were exchanged with Thomas Inglis for his half of the Barony of Branxholm in Roxburghshire.
The Inglis Family - 1466-1719.
Their earliest home was at Branxholm on the River Teviot in Roxburghshire. Their founder was Sir William Inglis, who at a Border foray in 1395 answered the challenge of an English champion, Sir Thomas Struthers, and killed him in single combat. As a reward for his prowess King Robert III made Sir William Inglis, a grant of the barony of Manor, Roxburghshire|Manor, which seems to have included the whole Manor Valley, a glen running south from the River Tweed about three miles west of Peebles, and known to readers of Sir Walter Scott as the scene of The Black Dwarf.
Not long after the affair of Rulehaugh the Inglises seized opportunities of getting rid of Branxholm. On January 31, 1420 John Inglis of Manor, son of Sir William Inglis, granted a charter conveying half of Branxholm to Sir Robert Scott of Murdostoun in Lanarkshire, who already owned an extensive domain in Ettrick Forest and Teviotdale.
Thomas Inglis, John’s eldest son, found the frequent incursions of the English cattle-raiders a source of annoyance; accordingly he arranged with Sir Walter Scott, Sir Robert’s successor, to exchange the rest of Branxholm with the Scott lands in Lanarkshire, and on July 23, 1446 the bargain was embodied in a charter of excambion.
The Scotts settled at Branxholm, which forms part of the Buccleuch estates to this day; while Thomas Inglis removed to Lanarkshire. On his death Murdostoun went to his eldest son, Thomas, and his heirs, who also held for a time the superiority of Manor. The property of Manor went to John, the second son, but in time it became restricted to Manorhead, a farm at the top of the glen, which remained in the younger branch of the family till 1709, when it was sold.
The Inglis family remained in residence at Murdostoun for about the next 300 years. The old stock of Inglises ended with Thomas Inglis of Murdostoun, who succeeded about 1696, and sold the estate to Alexander Inglis, merchant in Edinburgh, second son of David Inglis of Fingask, and a descendant of the Inglises of Inglistarvit, Fife.
The death of Alexander Inglis in 1719 signalled the end of the connection of this part of the Inglis family with the Barony of Murdostoun. Alexander Inglis, having no heirs, bequeathed the Estate to his nephew Alexander Hamilton, with the proviso that he took the Inglis name.
The Inglis-Hamiltons - 1719-1850.
Alexander Inglis Hamilton's three sons succeeded in turn. The eldest, Alexander Inglis Hamilton, died on April 27, 1783; the second, Gavin Inglis Hamilton (1730–97), was the historical painter and archeologist at Rome; the youngest, Major-General James Inglis Hamilton, distinguished himself in the American Revolutionary War, and died on July 27, 1803. He adopted, James Anderson, the son of a sergeant-major at Saratoga, New York.
He re-entailed Murdostoun on his adopted son, James Anderson, who took the surname Inglis-Hamilton. Colonel James Inglis Hamilton, Laird of Murdostoun, died at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.
The Stewarts - 1850-1979.
History of the Stewart family.
Stewart trained in accountancy before acquiring his father's iron and coal business at Cleland. Discovery of a seam of blackband ironstone led to considerable wealth.
He joined the Glasgow Town Council in 1842 and took up a series of posts: as river bailie in 1843, ordinary magistrate in 1845 and senior bailie or acting chief magistrate in 1847. He was active, on horseback and in his office, in suppressing civil disturbances in 1848.
He period as Lord Provost, which ended in 1854, coincided with the question of a water supply for Glasgow. He retired from the council at the end of 1855 and died on 12 September 1866. He had married Isabella King in 1852 and she, along with a daughter and two sons, survived him.
MR. STEWART, like several of his predecessors in the office of Lord Provost, was a native of Glasgow. He was born in 1810. His father was a native of Ayrshire, a circumstance which awakened in the breast of his son, while he was still a mere boy, a longing to connect himself with that county by the purchase of an estate as soon as fortune should enable him to do so - a desire, however, which, in as far as Ayrshire was concerned, was not destined to be fulfilled. At a very early age he was placed in the counting-house of Mr. Dixon of Govanhill, father of the late Mr. Dixon of Belleisle, and there he acquired a thorough knowledge of finance and accounts, and also a practical knowledge of the coal and iron businesses. On the death of his father, who for several years had carried on the business of an iron and coal master at Omoa on the estate of Cleland, belonging to the family of Stair, Mr. Stewart reconstructed the works, and having acquired in lease an extensive mineral field, which was found to contain an excellent seam of blackband ironstone, he in the course of a few years acquired a considerable fortune, to which after years of great success were to make great additions. Notwithstanding the claims which his business had upon him, he found that he had sufficient time to devote to municipal affairs, and accordingly he became a member of the Town Council in 1842 as one of the representatives of what was then known as the second ward, the ward in which his own Mansion House of Parson's Green was situated.
In 1843, and when he had been only one year in the Town Council, he was appointed to the office of River Bailie, in immediate succession to the late Mr. Alexander Baird, of Gartsherrie fame. In 1845 he was elected as one of the ordinary magistrates; and in 1847 he attained the office of senior bailie, or acting chief magistrate. In the autumn of that year Mr. Hastie, the then Lord Provost, was elected as one of the two representatives of the city in Parliament, one result of which was that he was resident chiefly in London, and another, that the duties which, had he been resident in Glasgow, he would have required to discharge personally, were devolved upon, and had to be performed by Mr. Stewart, as acting chief magistrate.
In the early part of 1848 trade was, in consequence of the mercantile depression which began in the course of the previous year, in a wretchedly bad condition, and vast numbers of the population were out of employment, and consequently in a state bordering upon starvation. Moreover, a few weeks previously another revolution had overthrown the Government of Louis Philippe; and the whole of Europe was in a state of excitement and discontent. It is not to be wondered at that in such circumstances there was in this populous district a strong tendency to disturbances, and, indeed, disturbances did ensue, not, it is to be added, without some loss of life and also some destruction of property. Of course Mr. Stewart had to play a prominent part as the actual head of the magistracy, and that he performed his part well was universally admitted.
When the Colonel of the regiment of cavalry which had been called out to assist in the suppression of the disturbances appeared on the scene with a squadron, Mr. Stewart, who by the way was an excellent horseman, mounted the horse of an orderly dragoon, rode with the Colonel and his men into the very thick of the fray, and acted with great decision and promptitude; and the disturbances were speedily suppressed. Indeed, under a man of less courage, less judgment, and less force of character the loss of life would have been very serious and the injury to property immense, to say nothing of the effect which a successful riot would have had on the working population of all the adjacent mining and manufacturing districts. In 1851, on the expiration of Sir James Anderson's term of office, Mr. Stewart was elected as his successor - many of his supporters thus seeking to recognize the very valuable services rendered by him in the trying scenes of 1848.
In 1852 Mr. Stewart was married to Miss Isabella King, one of the daughters of a well-known and highly-esteemed citizen, the late Mr. King of Levernholm Campsie.
Shortly after his elevation to the office of Lord Provost, Mr. Stewart applied himself to the important question of a water supply for Glasgow, a task in which he had the valuable support of his esteemed friend the late Bailie James Gourlay, in the memoir of whom will be found a very full and most interesting account of the violent opposition which the scheme encountered. Suffice it to say here that the opposition only tended to increase the perseverance and the energy of Mr. Stewart; and ultimately - and, as is well known, to a great extent through the influence which he had with the Prime Minister of the day, Lord Palmerston, of whom two or three years previously he had become a personal friend - the Water Bill was carried, the benefit which it conferred being beyond all question one of the greatest boons ever conferred upon the city. When we think of the obloquy which was heaped upon Mr. Stewart, on the virulence with which he was assailed, on the worry to which from first to last he was subjected, and on the weeks, nay the months of anxiety which he had to pass through, all in his endeavours to procure for his fellow-citizens a bountiful supply of pure water, we do not feel surprised that his health became affected and that the seeds were laid of the disease which was destined not many years afterwards to terminate a career of so much worth and so much usefulness to the community at large.(1)
In 1856 Mr. Stewart acquired from Mr. Baillie Cochrane, now Lord Lamington, at a cost of £55,000, the estate of Murdostoun, situated in the parish of Shotts, Lanarkshire, and immediately began to improve it upon an extensive scale and with great taste.(2)
We should mention that, although his Provostship terminated in 1854, Mr. Stewart remained in the Town Council until the end of 1855, in order that, as Chairman of the Water Scheme, he might give the town the benefit of his services in carrying through the Bill. On retiring from the Council he ceased to take any interest in municipal affairs; but as a county proprietor he took an active part in all county matters.
Mr. Stewart died suddenly, of heart disease, on 12 September 1866, survived by his wife, by a daughter, and by two sons, the elder of whom, Mr. Robert King Stewart, B.A., is proprietor of Murdostoun and Langbyres, and the younger, Mr. William Lindsay Stewart, is proprietor of the lands of Stanmore, situate in the upper ward of Lanarkshire.
(1) To commemorate Provost Stewart's services to the community a Memorial Fountain has been erected in the West-End Park at the expense of the City.
(2) This property belonged down to the middle of the 15th century to the Scotts of Buccleuch, and was then exchanged by them for part of the lands of Branxholme in Roxburghshire, belonging to a family of the name of Inglis. In later times Murdostoun belonged to James Inglis Hamilton, who commanded the Scots Greys at Waterloo, and who was killed at the head of his regiment in the somewhat reckless charge which our heavy cavalry made on Marshal Ney's "grand battery." It then passed to Admiral the Hon. Sir Alexander Inglis Cochrane, captor of the Danish West India Islands, and next, in 1832, to his son the late Admiral Sir Thomas Inglis Cochrane, the father of Lord Lamington. This estate Mr. Stewart added to in 1865 by the purchase of the lands of Langbyres, situate in the vicinity of Murdostoun.
Murdostoun under the Stewarts.
Robert Stewart.
Murdostoun Castle was acquired by Robert Stewart (b. 1811), son of Robert Stewart and Mary Herbert of Stair, East Ayrshire, in 1850 from Lord Lamington for £55,000. Robert Stewart married Isabella King, daughter of John King, about 1852. Robert Stewart died on 12 September 1866. Robert and Isabella had two sons, Robert King Stewart (b. 1852) and William Lindsay Stewart (b. 1859).
Sir Robert King Stewart, KBE.
Robert Stewart was succeeded as Laird of the Murdostoun estate by his elder son, Sir Robert King Stewart, KBE, (b. 1852). The estate was reported to contain 1760 acres in 1873.
Sir Robert married seventeen-year-old Alice Margaret Christie (b. about 1863, d. September 1940), daughter of John (b. July 1822, d. August 1902) and Alison Philp Christie of Cowden, near Dollar, Clackmannanshire, about 1881. Sir Robert served as the Lord Lieutenant for Lanarkshire from 18 April 1921 until his death on 20 December 1930. Sir Robert was a master mason in Lodge Livingstone St. Andrew No. 573. (The younger son, William Lindsay Stewart, became proprietor of Stanmore near Lanark.)[http://gdl.cdlr.strath.ac.uk/mlemen/mlemen087.htm]
Sir Robert King Stewart and Lady Alice Christie Stewart had three sons:
Mr. John Christie, Lady Stewart's father, died in 1902. Lady Stewart received title to the 3,000 acre Ardean Estate near Blairingone as her portion of the estate.
The Stewarts usually wintered abroad to escape the worst of the Scottish winter. Murdostoun was the first house in Scotland to receive electric lighting in September 1882. The electricity was generated by a steam powered generator. They acquired a motorcar in 1908 and the telephone was installed in 1910.
The Stewarts were active in World War I. John Christie Stewart served as staff captain. Alexander Caldwell Stewart joined the Cameronians. He was wounded at the Battle of Festubert in 1915 for which he received the Military Cross. Alice ran three hospitals. Robert served as convenor of the County Council, director of the Red Cross, and served with the Territorial Army for which he was honoured as Knight Commander of the British Empire (KBE). Major Alexander Caldwell Stewart was wounded again and received a bar to the Military Cross. Alice was awarded the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for her work.
Sir Robert King Stewart, KBE, died in December 1930 at the age of 78. Lady Alice then removed to Cleghorn house, about eight miles from Murdostoun, in what is now South Lanarkshire to allow her son to have full use of Murdostoun Castle.
Lady Alice Christie King Stewart, O.B.E., J. P., died at Cleghorn House on September 5, 1940 after catching a chill in her garden. The Glasgow Herald wrote:
"Among her many activities the following may be mentioned. She was vice president of the Council for Scotland of the Queen's Institute of District Nursing; honorary president of the Glasgow District Nursing association; president of the Lanarkshire branch of the British Red Cross society; president of the Lanarkshire Girl Guides; county organiser of the Scotland's Garden scheme and vice-president of the Franco-Scottish society. 
"In the Girl Guide movement she was a pioneer, and was actively concerned with the origin and growth of the movement. During the last war she was commandant of the Hartwoodhill Red Cross Hospital."
Captain John Christie Stewart, CBE.
Sir Robert's son, Captain John Christie Stewart, CBE, succeeded him as laird of Murdostoun.
Captain Stewart married Agnes Violet Averil (Ava) Douglas (b. 1901), daughter of Brigadier General Douglas Campbell and Violet Averil Margaret Vivian and granddaughter of the first Baron Swansea, in Holy Trinity Church, Brompton, London on Saturday afternoon, February 18, 1928. Boy Scouts from the bridegroom's company in Lanarkshire and Girl Guides from the bride's company in Dumbartonshire came to London for the wedding and formed a guard of honour. Mr Stewart had Mr Jack Lockhart as best man. Canon F. Stewart of Sketry, Glamorgan; Rev. Doctor Archibald Fleming of St Columba's Church of Scotland; and Prebendary Gough of Holy Trinity were officiating clergy. A reception was held the previous day in the home of the Hon. Mrs. Merry at 18 Hill Street, Berkeley Square.
Captain Stewart served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Scottish Branch of the British Red Cross Society.
Captain Stewart was invested as Commander of the Order of the British Empire on June 12, 1947.
Captain Stewart served as Lord Lieutenant for Lanarkshire from 16 June 1959 until the expiration of his term on 19 August 1963. Captain Stewart was a master mason in Lodge Livingston St. Andrews.no. 573. He was also an avid hunter.
Sir Robert King Stewart and his son, Captain John Christie Stewart each served as Grand Master Mason of the Grand Lodge of Scotland.
The Stewarts were related to the famous Victorian lady traveller and author, Miss Isabella (Ella) Robertson Christie (b. 1861, d. 1949), sister of Lady Alice Margaret Christie Stewart (b. about 1863, d. September 1940), and to the family of John Hill of Homestead Plantation, West Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, whose mother, Isabella Christie (sister to Alexander Christie of Milnwood, Lanarkshire), married George Hill (b. 1785, d. 1852) of Old Monkland, Lanarkshire, where he had an ironworks.
Lady Stewart and her sister, Miss Ella Christie, published a reminiscence of their lives entitled "A Long Look at Life, by Two Victorians" in 1940.
Mrs Averil Stewart published a book of poetry, "Mercury in the Garden", in 1946. Mrs. Stewart also wrote a memoir of her mother-in-law, Lady Alice Christie King Stewart, and the sister of the mother-in-law, Miss Ella Christie, entitled "Alicella", which was published in 1955 by John Murray of London.
The Stewarts remodeled Murdostoun Castle into a very comfortable residence. They were fond of their dogs and created a pet cemetery in which their dogs were buried.
Mrs. Averil Stewart died in April 1975 and Captain John Stewart died in May 1978. They are interred in a family mausoleum in Cambusnethan Church cemetery in Cambusnethan, a large suburb on the eastern side of Wishaw.
Captain and Mrs. Stewart had no children. After their deaths, the Murdostoun estate passed to a nephew and the property was sold in 1979.
The National Library of Scotland has an inventory of family papers from Murdostoun Castle, which are stored in boxes at the library.
Murdostoun Castle Today.
Murdostoun Castle was recently used as an alcohol-related brain damage care unit. This nursing home was managed by Four Seasons Health Care, Ltd. Murdostoun Castle has three main buildings set in of mixed park and woodland. The Frank Jamieson wing was a modern purpose built facility, providing nursing and social care in a selection of differing rooms. Many of the rooms were for single occupancy, although several were large enough for sharing companions. The majority had private toilet facilities. As well as bright airy rooms, a large conservatory and enclosed garden area are available. The two care facilities were closed down recently leaving just the 20 bed brain injury rehabilitaion centre.
Recent refurbishment by the Huntercombe Group mean the castle and the newer buildings on the site are managed as rehabilitation and care centres from a variety of neurological conditions including brain injury and alcohol and substance abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="20906752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906752" title="William Frederick Cavaye">
William Frederick Cavaye

Major-General William Frederick Cavaye (15 February 1845 – 30 January 1926) was a British military officer and Municipal Reform Party politician.
He was the eldest son of General William Cavaye and his wife Isabella née Hutchinson, and was born in Edinburgh, Scotland. Following schooling at Edinburgh Academy and in Charlton he entered the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
In 1865 Cavaye was commissioned as an ensign into the 107th Regiment of Foot. He rose through the officer ranks to become a major in 1881, having served with distinction in the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879. The 107th Foot became the 2nd Battalion of the Royal Sussex Regiment under the Childers reforms of 1881: Cavaye became the battalion's commanding officer with the rank of lieutenant-colonel in 1883.
Cavaye was further promoted, becoming Assistant Adjutant General and Chief of Staff of the Southern District with the rank of Colonel. He served in the Second Boer War of 1899 – 1902, and was mentioned in dispatches.
In 1906 he began his involvement in local government, when he was elected to Kensington Borough Council, in the County of London. He was one of nine councillors for the Brompton ward of the royal borough, all members of the Conservative-backed Municipal Reform Party. He was mayor of the borough for two consecutive terms in 1907 – 1909. He remained a member of the borough council until his death, latterly as an alderman.
In 1910 he was elected to the London County Council as a Municipal Reform councillor for South Kensington. He held the seat for fifteen years before retiring from the LCC at the 1925 election due to ill-health.
In the meantime he had returned to active service. He was appointed commanding officer of the 2nd East Anglian Division in November 1914 with the rank of brigadier-general. The division did not serve abroad, but Cavaye subsequently served on "special service" with the British Expeditionary Force in France from 1917 – 1919, and was raised to the rank of major-general. From 1919 – 1920 he was a King's Messenger.
In 1862 Cavaye married Ada Mary Barttelot, youngest daughter of Walter Barttelot, member of parliament for West Sussex.
He died at his London home, 6 Neville Terrace, SW7, on 30 January 1926. He was buried, following a military funeral, at Stopham, Sussex. In 1937 two Kensington streets, Chelsea Grove and Clifton Place, were combined into a single thoroughfare named "Cavaye Place" in honour of the general.

</doc>
<doc id="20906777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906777" title="Asit Sen">
Asit Sen

Asit Sen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20906781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906781" title="1963 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours">
1963 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours

The 1963 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours were officially announced in the "London Gazette" of 22 October 1963 and marked the resignation of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan.

</doc>
<doc id="20906783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906783" title="Akintola J.G. Wyse">
Akintola J.G. Wyse

Professor Akintola J.G. Wyse (d. October 5, 2002) was a Krio professor of history at Fourah Bay College in Freetown, Sierra Leone, until his death in 2002. Wyse was the author of "H.C. Bankole-Bright and Politics in Colonial Sierra Leone 1919-1958" (Cambridge University Press, 2003, ISBN 978-0-521-53333-1) and "The Krio of Sierra Leone: An Interpretive History" (Hurst and International African Institute, 1989, ISBN 978-1-85065-031-7). He also chaired the Public Services Commission of Sierra Leone until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20906786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906786" title="Stefan Tytus Dąbrowski">
Stefan Tytus Dąbrowski

Stefan Tytus Zygmunt Dąbrowski (1877–1947) of Radwan coat of arms – Physician, physiologist, biochemist, and Polish politician. Rector:  Adam Mickiewicz University - Poznań, Poland (1945–1946).
Life.
Stefan Tytus Zygmunt Dąbrowski of Radwan coat of arms was born on January 31, 1877, in Warsaw, Poland, into an intelligentsia family (Żądło-Dąbrowski z Dąbrówki h. Radwan).  Dąbrowski's family was a fundamental influence on his life, which included growing up in an atmosphere of patriotism in the environs of Warsaw at the end of the nineteenth century.
In January 1919, Poland's Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ignacy Jan Paderewski, made Dąbrowski Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs.
On May 11, 1939, the Senate of Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań chose Dąbrowski, a professor, for the position of rector; however, the explosion of war beginning with Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland on September 1, 1939, made the accession of Dąbrowski's rectorial duties impossible.  Dąbrowski had foreknowledge of events in 1939, and spent the duration of the war in many localities hiding from the Gestapo, Nazi Germany's secret police.  Under the Nazi's Generalplan Ost, more than 61,000 Polish activists, intelligentsia, nobles, actors, former officers, etc. (all those deemed capable of rousing the Polish people to defense and patriotic action), were to be interned or shot.  (See: Operation Tannenberg, Operation Sonderaktion Krakau, and Massacre of Lwów professors.)

</doc>
<doc id="20906791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906791" title="Ahmed Guilouzi">
Ahmed Guilouzi

Club career.
Guilouzi made his professional debut for Modena as a second half substitute in a league match at Vicenza on 28 October 2008.
In August 2010 he was loaned to Carpi.
In the summer of 2011 he moved to Cesena, but soon, in late August, he found himself transferred to the Croatian club NK Zagreb, signing a deal with them until June 2014. Not getting a single cap for the first team in his first four months at the club, he was loaned to HNK Gorica in January 2012 until summer.

</doc>
<doc id="20906806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906806" title="Willie Nelson Live">
Willie Nelson Live

Willie Nelson Live (1976) is a re-release of the 1966 "country music concert" country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20906814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906814" title="Charles A. Case">
Charles A. Case

Charles Augustine Case was a successful merchant in Abilene, Kansas, and a lifelong friend of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Eisenhower would continue to meet with Case during his infrequent returns to Abilene after his rise to fame. 

</doc>
<doc id="20906818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906818" title="Clepsis melaleucana">
Clepsis melaleucana

The Black-patched Clepsis ("Clepsis melaleucana") is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found from Alberta to Newfoundland, south to North Carolina and Missouri.
The forewing is yellowish cream and has a large dark brown blotch that extends diagonally upward from the inner margin near the anal angle. Between the large blotch and the thorax, there may be other brown blotches and shading because it varies from each moth in the species. It has a wingspan that ranges from 18 to 25 millimeters. Adults are on wing from May to July.

</doc>
<doc id="20906826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906826" title="Chimaera (genus)">
Chimaera (genus)

Chimaera is the type genus of the cartilaginous fish family Chimaeridae.

</doc>
<doc id="20906828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906828" title="Gunnar Jervill">
Gunnar Jervill

Gunnar Jervill (born 23 November 1945 in Gothenburg) is an archer from Sweden, who was born in Gothenburg, Sweden.
He competed for Sweden in the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich, Germany in the individual event where he finished in second place behind American John Williams. Four years later he finished 14th at the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada

</doc>
<doc id="20906830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906830" title="Weybosset">
Weybosset

Weybosset is a Native American term for a river crossing where three trails met, and the name of a street in Providence, Rhode Island.
History.
Weybosset in native Narragansett Indian language meant, "crossing place", at a narrow place that Indians used to walk from one side of the bay to the other, presumably during low to mid-tides. Weybosset is just south of the convergence of two rivers, Woonasquatucket and Moshassuck, flowing south into the Providence River, at the upper end of Narragansett Bay.
Weybosset was also where three important native Indian trails met, one coming down from the north, the second up from the southeast Mount Hope region called the Wampanoag Trail, and the third up from Connecticut in the southwest called the Pequot Trail.
Later the Weybosset name was given to a wooden colonial toll bridge built by the early settlers across the Providence River at the entrance to the Cove. Roger Williams (1603–1683), founder of Providence and the Rhode Island Colony, served for a time as the toll taker at Weybosset in his elderly years. Gradually the Cove was filled in and built upon in what is now called Downtown Providence. The old wood bridge was replaced several times with steel and concrete bridges. Once referred to at the world’s widest bridge, the Weybosset Street Bridge is part of the Waterplace Park and Riverwalk, built in 1994, where popular WaterFire celebrations are held during some summer evenings.
Weybosset Street currently begins at the north end of Broad Street at the intersection of Empire Street, and continues northeast joining Westminster Street to cross the river at the foot of College Street, in Providence, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20906848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906848" title="Charles C. Finucane">
Charles C. Finucane

Charles C. Finucane (September 6, 1905 – November 7, 1983) was a government official, and banking and investments executive.
Early life.
He was born in Spokane, Washington and attended the Taft School in Watertown, Connecticut. He received an engineering degree in 1928 from Sheffield School, Yale University.
Career.
He served as vice-president and then president of Sweeny Investment Company while also serving as an officer in the U.S. Navy Reserve. From 1936-1938 he was vice-president of the Sunshine Consolidated Mining Co., and majority floor leader of the Washington State Legislature in 1939. In 1946 he served as director for both the Spokane and Eastern Division of the Seattle First National Bank and the James Smyth Plumbing and Heating Company of Spokane.
Government career.
He was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Army for Financial Management in 1954, the Under Secretary of the Army in 1955, and then the Assistant Secretary of Defense in 1958.
Personal life.
Finucane owned a summer home in Hayden, ID.

</doc>
<doc id="20906849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906849" title="Asit Sen (director)">
Asit Sen (director)

Asit Sen (September 24, 1922 – August 25, 2001) was an Indian film director, cinematographer and screenwriter, who worked both in Bengali and Hindi cinema. He was born in Dhaka now in modern day Bangladesh when it was part of East Bengal in British India. He directed 17 feature films in Hindi and Bengali, most known for films, "Deep Jweley Jai" (1959) and "Uttar Falguni "(1963) in Bengali, "Mamta" (1966) , "Khamoshi" (1969), "Anokhi Raat" (1968) and "Safar" (1970) in Hindi.
Career.
Sen started his career, assisting auteur Bimal Roy at New Theatres in Kolkata, however Kolkata based film industry was now on the decline, thus Roy shifted base to Bombay (now Mumbai) along with his team in 1950, which included Sen, Hrishikesh Mukherjee, Nabendu Ghosh, Kamal Bose and later Salil Chaudhury, and by 1952 he has restarted the second phase of his career with "Maa" (1952) for Bombay Talkies. Though he had made Assamese film, "Biplabi" (1948), after his shift, he made his Hindi film debut with "Parivaar" (1956) , produced by Bimal Roy and starring Kishore Kumar, and Usha Kiran, however he continued working in Bengali cinema. He assisted Roy in "Parineeta" (1953) and "Biraj Bahu" (1954). Next he made Bengali film, "Chalachal" in 1956 starring Arundhati Devi, which was a success, many years later he remade the film in Hindi as "Safar", which was also a hit. In 1959, he made "Deep Jwele Jaai" (1959) starring Suchitra Sen set in a psychiatric hospital, which again he remade in Hindi, as "Khamoshi" in 1969, with Rajesh Khanna and Waheeda Rehman. In "Mamta" (1966) remake of his 1963 Bengali film "Uttar Falguni", a story about class conflict, he excelled as a storyteller. The film had lead actress Suchitra Sen in a double role, and featured memorable songs, "Rahen Na Rahen Hum" sung by Lata Mangeshkar and her hit duet, "Chuppa Lo Yun Dil Mein Pyar Mera" with Hemant Kumar.
Sen worked with some of the most prominent actors in Bollywood during his career. As a director in "Sharafat" (1970) he directed Dharmendra, Hema Malini and Ashok Kumar, in "Annadata" (1972) he directed Jaya Bachchan, in "Maa Aur Mamta" (1970), Ashok Kumar, in "Mamta" (1966) he directed Suchitra Sen, Ashok Kumar and Dharmendra, and in "Bairaag" he directed Helen, Madan Puri and Kader Khan. In "Anari" (1975) he directed actors such as Shashi Kapoor, Sharmila Tagore, Moushumi Chatterjee and Kabir Bedi.
Sen was nominated twice for Filmfare Best Director Award, and won once. He was nominated for his direction of "Mamta" in 1967, and won the award in 1971 for "Safar", which starred Rajesh Khanna, Sharmila Tagore and Feroz Khan.
He died at a Kolkata hospital on August 25, 2001 at the age of 79. He was survived by his only son Partha Sen.

</doc>
<doc id="20906855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906855" title="All's Well, Ends Well 2009">
All's Well, Ends Well 2009

"All's Well, Ends Well 2009" () is a 2009 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Vincent Kok. It is the fourth instalment in the "All's Well, Ends Well" film series, the previous film being "All's Well, Ends Well 1997".
The film stars Louis Koo as a "love therapist" who is hired to woo a hot-tempered young woman (Sandra Ng) by her brother (Ronald Cheng) in the hopes of following a family marriage tradition. Raymond Wong, the producer and co-star of all four films, appears as a private investigator. "All's Well, Ends Well 2009" was released in Hong Kong, China, Singapore, and Malaysia on 22 January 2009 and in New Zealand for one week beginning October 29, 2009. As with the last three films, "All's Well, Ends Well 2009" was released as a Chinese New Year film, where a film's release is timed to coincide with the larger movie audience at that time of year.
Plot.
Kei's (Ronald Cheng) eldest sister Yu Chu (Sandra Ng) is a hot-tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while. They have a traditional family and one of the rules is that none of the siblings could get married before their eldest sister. In view of this, Kei sort help from the famous “Casanova”, Koo Chai (Louis Koo), who is the new journalist in Sandra’s firm to pretend to court his eldest sister and lure her into the mood of love.
With Sandra falling in love with Koo Chai, she decides to introduce him to her parents (Lee Heung Kam, Ha Chun Chou). However, Koo Chai fell in love with another girl, Mun during an assignment and this broke Sandra’s heart. To avoid the disappointment of her parents, Sandra asks Mr. Wong (Raymond Wong) a private investigator to pretend as her boyfriend.
With Sandra love life going nowhere and her career plunging low, will she get what she wants? Will Kei find his true love and marries her sister off? Who will Koo Chai choose? Will all’s well end well?
Production.
"All's Well, Ends Well 2009" is the fourth installment in the "All's Well, Ends Well" film series. Released twelve years after the last installment, "All's Well, Ends Well 1997", the film was directed and co-written by Vincent Kok, who served as a screenwriter for the last three films. The film was produced by Raymond Wong Pak-Ming, the producer of the series, who also appears in a supporting role. Sandra Ng, returns in the new installment after appearing in "All's Well, Ends Well". Wong's production company, Mandarin Films, served as a producer and distributor in Hong Kong. The film was shot with a HK$4million (RM1.86mil) budget. On 12 May 2008, a press conference was held in a Tsuen Wan shopping mall, where Wong had announced that a HK$4 million investment would be put into making the 2009 version of "All's Well, Ends Well". When asked if Stephen Chow or Maggie Cheung would appear in the new film, Wong described that the casting of the two actors would be difficult and was grateful that Sandra Ng would be joining the cast. While developing the film, Wong had immediately thought of working with Sandra Ng, since they had not appeared together after the first film, "All's Well, Ends Well". At the time, Ng had taken a two-year hiatus to raise her daughter. Vincent Kok had cast Louis Koo and Ronald Cheng as the male leads as he felt that the actors were the new generation of comedians in Hong Kong. Filming took place in China at Qiandaohu, Hangzhou, which is located along the Qiantangjiang River. 
Sequel.
Producers Raymond Wong and Wang Chang Tian announced that a sequel to the film, titled "All's Well, Ends Well 2010" will released in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="20906856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906856" title="Jesse English">
Jesse English

Jesse Logan English (born September 13, 1984) is a Major League Baseball pitcher who is currently with the Bridgeport Bluefish. He attended Rancho Buena Vista High School and was drafted in the sixth round by the Giants in 2002.
Minor league career.
English played for the AZL Giants in 2002 and 2003. In 2002, he went 4-1 with a 2.68 ERA in 12 games started, striking out 68 batters in 47 innings. In 2003, he went 0-1 with a 3.98 ERA in seven games (six starts), striking out 31 batters in 20 innings. He played for the Hagerstown Suns in 2004, going 0-1 with a 7.48 ERA in 17 games (four starts). He missed all of 2005 due to injury, and in 2006 he went 3-0 with a 6.35 ERA in 17 relief appearances with the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes. He struck out 40 batters in 28 innings that season.
He split the 2007 season between the Volcanoes and San Jose Giants, going a combined 5-1 with a 1.31 ERA in 15 games. In 34 innings, he struck out 57 batters. In 2008, he played for the San Jose Giants, going 13-7 with a 3.19 ERA in 26 games started. He struck out 135 batters in 135 innings of work. He was claimed off waivers by the Washington Nationals on September 10, 2009.
Major league career.
Although he had never pitched above AA, he performed well enough to make the Nationals in spring training, and made his debut on April 5, 2010—opening day—against the Philadelphia Phillies, pitching 1.1 innings in an 11-1 loss. After John Lannan was racked with seven hits, and issuing three walks, and allowing five runs in 3.2 innings, English entered the game with the bases loaded and slugger Ryan Howard at the plate. Howard grounded out to end the inning, and English retired the side in order the following inning.
English pitched well in April, accumulating a 3.86 ERA, and holding left-handed hitters to a .188 batting average. But injuries to position players forced the Nationals to call up position players, and so he was optioned to Triple-A Syracuse at the end of the month.
English signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians on March 24, 2011. He was subsequently assigned to the Short-Season-A Mahoning Valley Scrappers. English was released on June 3, 2011, prior to the start of the Scrappers' season. He pitched in August with St. Paul of the American Association. In 11 appearances, he went 0-1 with a 1.76 ERA with a save, striking out 19 over 15.1 innings.
He spent all of 2012 with Bridgeport of the Atlantic League. In 42 appearances, he went 3-0 with a 3.48 ERA, striking out 57 in 54.1 innings.
He began 2013 with Reynosa of the Mexican League. He pitched in 25 games for Reynosa before signing with the EDA Rhinos of the Chinese Professional Baseball League. He appeared in only 2 games before being released. On July 15, he re-signed with Bridgeport.

</doc>
<doc id="20906864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906864" title="S. Kumar">
S. Kumar

S. Kumar was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam. 
Kumar made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1978-79 season, against Bengal. From the opening order, Kumar scored 12 runs in the first innings of the match, and 17 runs in the second innings, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20906865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906865" title="A. Ahmed (cricketer)">
A. Ahmed (cricketer)

A. Ahmed was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Ahmed made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1948-49 season, against United Provinces. From the lower order, he scored 2 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and 5 not out in the second round, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20906866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906866" title="N. Sengupta">
N. Sengupta

N. Sengupta was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam. He was a wicket-keeper.
Sengupta made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1952-53 season, against Orissa. From the middle order, he scored a single run in the first innings of the match, and 10 runs in the second, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20906867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906867" title="G. Das">
G. Das

G. Das was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Das made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1951-52 season, against Orissa. From the lower order, he scored a single run in the first innings of the match, and did not bat in the second, in a match which Assam won by a comfortable margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20906868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906868" title="L. Doran">
L. Doran

L. Doran was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Doran made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1951-52 season, against Bengal. From the upper-middle order, he scored 6 runs in the first innings of the match, and 36 runs in the second innings, in a match which Assam lost by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20906869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906869" title="S. Rehman">
S. Rehman

S. Rehman was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Rehman made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1951-52 season against Bengal. From the lower order, he scored 6 runs in the first innings of the match and a duck in the second innings, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20906870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906870" title="R. Tripathi">
R. Tripathi

R. Tripathi was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Tripathi made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1950-51 season against Uttar Pradesh. From the lower order, he scored 7 runs in the first innings of the match and a duck in the second innings, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20906874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906874" title="Dove Lake">
Dove Lake

Dove Lake can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20906888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906888" title="Tandy-12">
Tandy-12

The Tandy-12 is a computerized arcade game produced by the Tandy Corporation for sale in its Radio Shacks' chain of stores. The Tandy Corporation acquired Radioshack in 1970. The arcade game featured "12 challenging games of skill". However, most of these were based on luck and freestyle ability. Directions for the game are still available on the Radio Shack website. The game had its packaging updated several times since its original release. It was packaged with the game unit itself, a manual, a cardboard playing board, and a set of plastic tokens. The manual is available online. The 1981 Tandy-12 Model number is 60-2159. The 1982 Tandy-12 Model number is 60-2159.
Games.
Games included in the Tandy-12 were:
Specifications.
Inside the battery compartment is a label with a code on it. This is a date stamp code common to all Radio Shack products of the era. The first digit "6" indicates the month of manufacture. The letter "A" is always used as a separator between the year and month. The last number (2 or 3) indicates the last digit of the year.
For example, "6A2" means that the game was manufactured in June 1982.
The dimensions of the box are 8 x 10.75 x 3 while the dimensions of the game unit itself is 7.5 x 9.75 x 2.37.. The Tandy-12 was manufactured in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="20906894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906894" title="Dove Lake (Tasmania)">
Dove Lake (Tasmania)

Dove Lake is a corrie lake near Cradle Mountain in Tasmania, Australia. It lies in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park. The lake is a very popular visitor attraction and is encircled by well maintained walking paths which also lead up onto Cradle Mountain.
Like several other lakes in the region, Lake Dove was formed by glaciation. The habitat is unique and includes the Tasmanian deciduous beech (Nothofagus gunnii), tussock grasses, snow gums and pencil pines. Among animals wandering the shores of the lake are numerous wombats, echidnas, pademelons and tiger snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20906898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906898" title="Farooq Khan">
Farooq Khan

Farooq Khan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20906902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906902" title="Live at Billy Bob's Texas (Willie Nelson album)">
Live at Billy Bob's Texas (Willie Nelson album)

"Live at Billy Bob's Texas" is a 2004 album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was recorded at Billy Bob's a popular country & western nightclub in Fort Worth, Texas, United States

</doc>
<doc id="20906918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906918" title="Asit Sen (actor)">
Asit Sen (actor)

Asit Sen (; born May 13, 1917; died September 18, 1993) was a prolific Indian film actor and comedian in the Bollywood film industry. He starred in over 200 films between 1953 and 1993 until his death. He often portrayed a character with authority, such as a police inspector or landlord, but with comedic effect, mostly as a slow-speaking person. His acting career was particularly prolific in the 1960s, 1970s, and early 1980s. He had a very thin voice, which was quite opposite to his huge physical frame.
He was born in Gorakhpur (Uttar Pradesh).

</doc>
<doc id="20906942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906942" title="Eberhard Heder">
Eberhard Heder

Eberhard Heder (born 30 June 1918) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. After World War II he was admitted into the Bundeswehr and obtained the rank of Oberst (Colonel).
Early life.
Heder was born on 30 June 1918 in Neustettin, Pomerania.
He volunteered to join the Waffen SS and joined the SS Pionier Battalion in Dresden on the 1 November 1937.
World War II.
He was later selected to become an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule in Braunschweig in 1939 and after graduation he was given command of a company in the 5th SS Pionier (Engineer) Battalion, SS Division "Wiking".
He deployed with them in Operation Barbarossa the invasion of the Soviet Union and was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in August 1941 and the Iron Cross 1st class in January 1942.
He was awarded the German Cross in Gold in March 1943, when in command of the Estnisches SS-Freiwilligen-Panzer-Grenadier-Battalion "Narwa" during the Battle of Kharkov, Battle of the Cherkassy Pocket and the "Battle of Kowel".
He was then given command of the 5th Pionier Battalion and was awarded the Knight's Cross in November 1944 for his actions in the fighting for Warsaw.<br> This is what Eberhard Heder described as the reason he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross:
"In the defensive fighting around Warsaw, I was assigned with a most hastily-assembled 'alarm group' ("Alarm-verband") of the 5. SS-Panzer Division "Wiking". We operated north of Warsaw and were tasked to close a gap in the front because fresh reserves were no longer available. In a very critical situation and cut off temporarily from our own lines, we succeeded in holding the front line and preventing a Soviet breakthrough, equipped with only some light machine guns, and the occasional support from German artillery fire and a few tanks. For three days and nights, small force was mercilessly attacked again and again by their massed artillery fire and heavy weapons, as well as their low-flying aircraft. Due to our effort, the breakthrough of the enemy to the Vistula was to be prevented."
Post war.
Heder survived the war and later joined the West German Bundeswehr in 1955 and reached the rank of Oberst (Colonel) on the 30 September 1976. After his marriage he lived in Daseburg and now in Warburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20906953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906953" title="Keith's Rescue Dogs">
Keith's Rescue Dogs

Keith's Rescue Dogs is an animal rescue organisation and charity in Lincolnshire.
Structure.
It is based in Skegness, Lincolnshire, England.
The charity takes its name from its founder Keith Smith, who remains the chairman of a board of nine trustees who normally meet four times a year and are assisted by an honorary secretary and many volunteers. The money raised by the charity at a variety of fund-raising events and through its shop in the nearby market town of Spilsby is used solely for the benefit of the dogs in its care. None of the charity's representatives is paid.
Function.
It exists to care for and re-home abandoned dogs and to educate the public on the correct treatment of dogs. It was formed in January 2000 but did not acquire official charity status until 2002.
Around 50 dogs can be cared for by the charity at any one time, in boarding kennels and foster homes in and around Skegness. Toward the end of 2008 the economic situation led to an increase in the numbers of people wanting to get rid of their dogs, making its task an even more difficult one.
The charity has a mascot, Dave the Dog, who frequently pops up at its fundraising events. He is 7 ft tall and is described by the charity as 'some kind of Great Dane/Irish Wolfhound crossbreed', although it is far more likely that he is really a volunteer in a dog suit.

</doc>
<doc id="20906954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906954" title="Arboretum de la Vallée-aux-Loups">
Arboretum de la Vallée-aux-Loups

The Arboretum de la Vallée-aux-Loups (13.5 hectares) is a notable arboretum located at 102 rue de Chateaubriand, near the Maison de Chateaubriand, in Châtenay-Malabry, Hauts-de-Seine, Île-de-France, France. It is open daily except Monday, but closed in January; an admission fee is charged.
The park was created circa 1777 by the Chevalier François-Louis Durant du Bignon. It was confiscated during the French Revolution, changed hands several times, and then acquired in 1804 by Louis Cadet de Gassicourt, pharmacist to Napoleon, who collected and maintained rare plants on the property. (In 1807 an adjacent house was purchased by François-René de Chateaubriand, which he christened "La Vallée aux Loups", "Valley of the Wolves", and where he subsequently dwelled with his wife until 1818.) The park was sold in 1890 to Louis-Gustave Croux who created today's arboretum. In 1986 it was sold once more to the Conseil Général des Hauts-de-Seine, its current owner.
Today the garden is laid out as a landscaped park with a pond, island, and bridges, and contains about 2500 plants representing more than 500 woody species, including 165 species of trees. It is organized into a dozen gardens, including an English garden, fruit garden, chestnut garden, and Convolvulaceae collection. The hydrangea garden contains more than 300 cultivars, and is nationally designated one of the "Conservatoire des Collections Végétales Spécialisées" (CCVS).

</doc>
<doc id="20906960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906960" title="When Taekwondo Strikes">
When Taekwondo Strikes

When Taekwondo Strikes (also known as Sting of the Dragon Masters and Taekwondo Heroes) is a 1973 martial arts film directed and written by Feng Huang, produced by Raymond Chow. The exception with this film is the collective martial arts experience of the cast and the high quality fight choreography. The film features experienced and well known martial arts actors such as Angela Mao, Jhoon Rhee, the father of American Taekwondo, Wong In Sik (Ing-Sik Whang), Carter Wong, Kenji Kazama, Sammo Hung, Biao Yuen and Golden Harvest producer Andre Morgan. This was Jhoon Rhee's only film.
Plot.
The story is about the Korea under Japanese rule during World War II. A Korean nationalist played by Carter Wong gets into a fight with some non-Korean Japanese people and is chased into a church. The priest there is captured and tortured. Trying to secure his release, the leader of the resistance, Jhoon Rhee is himself captured and tortured by the Japanese. Carter Wong, Angela Mao and Anne Winton have to now try and rescue him. This leads to an explosive climax with the heroes having to fight the likes of Wong In Sik (Hwang In-Shik), Sammo Hung and Kenji Kazama.

</doc>
<doc id="20906961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20906961" title="Kyösti Laasonen">
Kyösti Laasonen

Kyösti Laasonen (born 27 September 1945) is an archer from Finland, who was born in Kitee, Finland.
He competed for Finland in the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich, Germany in the individual event where he finished in third place behind American John Williams and Sweden's Gunnar Jervill. Four years later he finished 15th at the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada followed by 7th and 28th in the 1980 Summer Olympics and 1984 Summer Olympics respectively.
His brother Kauko Laasonen also competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics finishing in 20th position.

</doc>
<doc id="20907002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907002" title="Bangladeshi name">
Bangladeshi name

Personal names in Bangladesh may depend on the person's religion, ethnicity, or region of origin.
Given names.
Many Bengalis in both West Bengal and Bangladesh have two given names: a "bhalo nam" (lit. "good name"), which is used on all legal documents, and a "dak nam" (lit. "call name" or "Nick Name"), which is used by family members and close friends. The two names may or may not be at all related; for example, a man named Anoop Saha may be called by his "dak nam" (e.g. Bablu) at home and by his "bhalo nam" (Anoop) elsewhere. Many people also have a shortened version of their "bhalo nam" (e.g. Deepu for Deepak, Faru for Farhana, etc.) in addition to their full "bhalo nam" and their "dak nam".
Recently, many Bengalis have begun to add their "dak nam" to the end of their full official name, resulting in names like Saifuddeen Chowdhury Kanchon, where "Saifuddeen" would be the man's "bhalo nam", "Chowdhury" would be his family name, and "Kanchon" would be his "dak nam". In these situations, this man would be correctly addressed "Mr. Chowdhury", not "Mr. Kanchon".
Muslim family names.
89% of the people of Bangladesh are adherents of Islam, and because of this, they mostly use Arabic names. Native and foreign names are also used, as long as they are not strictly related to other religions. Among Muslims of Bangladesh, there are several different naming conventions. There is no fixed scheme for the structure of names. Many people do not use a family name, so members of a family can have different last names. 
Common traditional Muslim (Persio-Arabic) surnames include -
Muhammad or Mohammad is a common prefix used before the name of many Muslim males, and it is not considered as the name used to refer to the person. In many cases, the "Muhammad" prefix is shortened to "Md.", or "MD.". Other common Muslim prefixes include Gazi, Kazi/Quazi, Khan, Syed, Sheikh and Shah. The prefix often serves as the first name and the given name appears as the last name/surname.
Hindu family names.
Bengali Hindus are traditionally considered by two main regions: Bangal (native to East-Bengal, now Bangladesh) and Ghoti (West-Bengal). The following surnames are Bangal surnames.
^Same as above
Christian family names.
The naming conventions of Bangladeshi Christians mainly follow local Anglo-Indian and Portuguese traditions. A combination of native given name and Christian surname is also common.
Common Christian surnames include -
Buddhist family names.
Buddhist Bangladeshis have several common last names, such as Baruah, Mutsuddi etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="20907009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907009" title="Dido (footballer)">
Dido (footballer)

Edson Silva, also known by the nickname Dido (born June 27, 1962), is a former Brazilian association football player who played for Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs Flamengo and Santos. He holds a Dutch passport.
Playing career.
Dido played as a midfielder for Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs Flamengo and Santos. As a Santos player, he played two Série A games in 1984. He has also played in Israel, moving to the country to join Beitar Jerusalem, where he retired in 1996, and started a coaching career, as Maccabi Holon's head coach.
Coaching career.
He coached the national teams of Vietnam in 2001 and in 2002, Chinese Taipei in 2005, and was hired on December 31, 2008 to coach Bangladesh until this contract was terminated on November 10, 2009 prior to the SAFF Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20907018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907018" title="Waldis Joaquín">
Waldis Joaquín

Waldis Joaquín de la Cruz (born December 25, 1986) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher who is with the Sultanes de Monterrey in the Mexican League.
Baseball career.
On October 31, 2003, the San Francisco Giants signed Joaquín as an amateur free agent. His first professional experience came with the Dominican Summer League Giants in 2004; in 14 games (13 starts), he had six wins and a 1.61 earned run average (ERA). He pitched for the Arizona League Giants in 2005, posting a 1–1 record with a 3.64 ERA, 37 strikeouts, and 10 walks in innings. He did not play in 2006 due to surgery on his right elbow, but he returned in 2007, for the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes of the Single-A (short season) Northwest League, with whom he went 3–0 with a 2.84 ERA, 30 strikeouts, and 16 walks in 38 innings.
In 2008, Joaquín played for the Single-A Augusta GreenJackets of the South Atlantic League and the Single-A advanced San Jose Giants of the California League. He was had a combined 1–3 with a 4.42 ERA in innings over 36 games (seven starts).
Joaquin began 2009 with the Double-A Connecticut Defenders of the Eastern League. He had a 4–5 record, a 2.67 ERA, 40 strikeouts, and 28 walks in 54 innings pitched. On August 1, Joaquin was called up to the Giants' bullpen; he replaced Ryan Sadowski on the roster. He made his Major League debut on August 4, giving up one run on two hits in pitching the ninth inning in an 8–1 win over the Houston Astros. He was optioned to the minors the next day to make room for Joe Martinez on the roster. Joaquin spent the rest of the minor league season with the Triple-A Fresno Grizzlies of the Pacific Coast League; in eight games, he had a 1–0 record, an 0.00 ERA, 16 strikeouts, and two walks in 10 innings pitched. He was called up again on September 1 when rosters expanded, and he made nine more appearances for the Giants that year. In 10 games with the Giants, Joaquin had no record, a 4.22 ERA, 12 strikeouts, and seven walks in innings pitched. 
Joaquin made the Giants' Opening Day roster in 2010. He threw a scoreless of an inning in his first outing, but he gave up runs in each of his next three outings. At the beginning of May, he was sent down to Fresno when Aaron Rowand came off the disabled list. He was called up again on May 27 following an injury to Jeremy Affeldt, but he was sent down days later without making an appearance. In four games with the Giants, Joaquin had no record, a 9.64 ERA, two strikeouts, and seven walks in innings pitched. He was left off the postseason roster as the Giants won the 2010 World Series against the Texas Rangers.
After the 2010 season, the San Francisco Giants removed Joaquin from their 40-Man Roster and placed him on release waivers. On November 22, 2010, Joaquin was claimed off of waivers by the Chicago White Sox. Joaquin refused the waiver claim and became a free agent. He was re-signed by the Giants in December 2010.
In the 2011 season, Joaquin appeared in 5 major league games for the Giants, posting a 1-0 record and a 4.26 ERA in 6.1 innings, with 3 strikeouts and 3 walks.
He became a free agent on November 30, 2011, and subsequently signed a minor league contract with the Nationals on December 14.

</doc>
<doc id="20907024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907024" title="Pahlajani">
Pahlajani

Pahlajani (first name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Pahlanjani made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1948-49 season against United Provinces. From the upper-middle order, he scored 16 runs in the first innings of the match and 15 runs in the second innings, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20907025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907025" title="Sen (Assam cricketer)">
Sen (Assam cricketer)

Sen (first name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Sen made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1952-53 season against Orissa. From the upper-middle order, he scored 13 runs in the first innings of the match and 2 runs in the second, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20907026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907026" title="A. Sarma">
A. Sarma

A. Sarma (first name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Sarma made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1995-96 season, against Orissa. From the opening order, he scored a duck in the first innings of the match and 11 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20907027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907027" title="P. Chowdhury">
P. Chowdhury

"Not to be confused with Probobh Chowdhury, who also played for Assam."
P. Chowdhury (first name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Chowdhury made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1978-79 season, against Orissa. From the tailend, he scored a duck in the only innings in which he batted, as the match finished in a draw.

</doc>
<doc id="20907037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907037" title="1991 Cotton Bowl Classic">
1991 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 1991 Mobil Cotton Bowl Classic was a post-season college football game played on January 1, 1991. It pitted the #3 Texas Longhorns, champions of the SWC conference, against the independent #5 Miami Hurricanes. A highly anticipated matchup, however, soon turned into a blowout as Miami crushed Texas, 46–3. The game was filled with record numbers of penalties, as Miami was flagged 16 times for 202 yards, compared to 68 total penalty yards for Texas. Miami's 43-point margin of victory also set record, as did Craig Erickson's four touchdown passes.
The Miami Hurricanes opened the season as defending national champions. However, they endured a shocking road loss to Brigham Young, 28–21. The Hurricanes would win their next 4 games, before another loss to Notre Dame (29-20) knocked them out of contention for the national championship. The Hurricanes ended with a 9-2 record to receive an invitation to the Cotton Bowl Classic.
The Texas Longhorns had a 5-6 record in their previous season, and had not made a bowl game since 1987. They began the season ranked #23. After a 29-22 loss to Colorado dropped them out of the rankings, the Longhorns would go on to the famed "Shock the Nation" tour, winning their next 9 games - including wins against #4 Oklahoma (14–13) and #3 (45–24) - to capture the SWC Championship and a pregame #3 ranking.
The win was a continuation of Miami's rise to dominance. After finishing the season #3, they would go on to be named AP National Champions the following year. Meanwhile, Texas would not reach another bowl game under David McWilliams.
Scoring summary.
First Quarter
Second Quarter
Third Quarter
Fourth Quarter

</doc>
<doc id="20907061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907061" title="Communities of Communes of the Bas-Rhin département">
Communities of Communes of the Bas-Rhin département

The département of Bas-Rhin includes 1 urban community and 46 Communities of Communes gathering 517 communes over the 526 of the département. The commune of Siltzheim is part of the agglomeration community Sarreguemines Confluences which is in the département of Moselle.

</doc>
<doc id="20907080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907080" title="Citizen's Justice Committee">
Citizen's Justice Committee

Citizen's Justice Committee (commonly known as CJC) is an umbrella organization of various human rights organizations and is known for "pro bono" representing the 1984 anti-Sikh riots victims in their legal battle to gain justice.
Formation.
The CJC was formed in May 1985, by H. S. Phoolka who became a counselor for the Citizens Justice Committee (CJC). The first activity of CJC was helping the victims of 1984 anti-Sikh riots file affidavits and testify before the first formal sitting of the Mishra Commission on 29 July 1985;
Withdrawal from Mishra Commission.
The proceedings of the sitting of Mishra Commission were not made public or open to the press In protest, the CJC withdrew its cooperation from the Mishra Commission on March 31, 1986 because it disagreed with the commissions decision to hold secret proceedings. The CJC then started filing individual court cases.
Members.
The CJC membership included Senior advocate of Delhi High Court H. S. Phoolka, Justice Ranjit Singh Narula, Soli Sorabjee, General Jagjit Singh Aurora (Bangladesh war veteran), Justice V. M. Tarkunde and journalist/columnist Khushwant Singh.
Activism.
The CJC has been representing the 1984 anti-Sikh massacre victims before various judicial commissions that have been formed for inquiry into the massacres.

</doc>
<doc id="20907114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907114" title="Lucinda Hawksley">
Lucinda Hawksley

Lucinda Anne Dickens Hawksley is a British biographer, author and lecturer.
The daughter of Henry Dickens Hawksley and Susan Jane, and the great-great-great-granddaughter of Victorian novelist Charles Dickens and his wife Catherine, Hawksley is an award-winning travel writer. 
Career.
Originally Hawksley intended to be a teacher and to write children’s books during the school holidays. However, after two years of teaching practice in inner London primary schools she decided instead to be a book editor, writing books in her spare time. She took an MA in Literature and the History of Art and organised and curated an exhibition of the paintings of her relative Kate Dickens-Perugini in 2002 at the Charles Dickens Museum in London. 
She has written or co-written 14 non-fiction books including the 19th and early 20th-century sections of 'The Essential History of Art' (2000) and 'An Encyclopedia of British History' (2001). Hawksley's 'Essential Pre-Raphaelites' (1999) has become a best seller and led to an invitation to lecture on 'Pre-Raphaelite Artists: The Connection Between Their Lives and Work' at the Oxford Union. As a speaker and lecturer she has spoken at the International Charles Dickens Conference, the Newberry Library in Chicago, the National Portrait Gallery in London, the University of Genoa, the Kensington Hilton in London, the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge and the Chicago Dickens Holiday Festival.
In December 2007 she appeared as herself in the BBC docudrama "Charles Dickens & the Invention of Christmas", written and presented by Griff Rhys Jones. She also appeared in Channel 4's 2008 documentary "Dickens's Secret Lover", which was concerned with Dickens's relationship with the actress Ellen Ternan. In December 2011 she appeared on BBC One's "Songs of Praise" and for BBC Two in "Mrs Dickens' Family Christmas", during which she was interviewed by Sue Perkins. In January 2013 she appeared in an episode of BBC Two's "Queen Victoria's Children" and in an episode of "Find My Past" which was concerned with the affair between Charles Dickens and Ellen Ternan.
Hawksley is the cousin of actor Harry Lloyd and actor and performer Gerald Dickens. She is a Patron of the Charles Dickens Museum and lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20907119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907119" title="Willie Standard Time">
Willie Standard Time

Willie Standard Time is a 1996 album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20907127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907127" title="John Macmillan">
John Macmillan

John Victor Macmillan, OBE, DD (1877–1956) was the fifth Bishop of Dover in the modern era who was later translated to Guildford.
Born into a publishing family and educated at Eton and Magdalen College, Oxford, he began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at Farnham and was successively Resident Chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury, a Chaplain to the Forces during World War I, Vicar of Kew and then Archdeacon of Maidstone before his elevation to the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="20907146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907146" title="Charlotte Partridge">
Charlotte Partridge

Charlotte Partridge and her life partner Miriam Frink founded the Layton School of Art in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1920. The two women worked for over 30 years to build the Layton School, which started in the basement of the Frederick Layton Gallery and later moved to a building on Milwaukee's east side.
Partridge was the head of curriculum and instruction and the more public face, while the quieter and more reserved Miriam Frink, who also taught, headed the business side of the school and took care of any disciplinary issues. During Great Depression years both women made great sacrifices like forgoing their own salaries to do so. They built a house together in what was then rural Mequon. Partridge was also involved in the Wisconsin Chapter of the American Institute of Architects and was also actively involved in the Wisconsin activities of the Work Progress Administration.
The Partridge and Frink archives are housed at the Golda Meir Library in Special Collections at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.

</doc>
<doc id="20907151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907151" title="LeGarrette Blount">
LeGarrette Blount

LeGarrette Montez Blount (born December 5, 1986), nicknamed The Winnebago, is an American football running back for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2010.
Blount rushed for over 1,000 yards in each of his two seasons in junior college. He then committed to the Oregon Ducks football program as a junior, for the 2008 season. That year he ran for over 1,000 yards and scored a school record 17 touchdowns.
After the opening game of the 2009 season, Blount was suspended for punching an opponent and angrily confronting fans, one of which was approaching him with a chair from the stands, after the nationally televised season-opening loss. Though the suspension was announced to be for the remainder of the season, due to his meeting of specific criteria set by the football staff, he was eventually reinstated after missing eight games.
Early life and high school career.
Blount was born December 5, 1986 in Madison, Florida, to Gary and Barbara Blount. Blount is the great-nephew of jazz musician Sun Ra (born Herman Poole Blount). He has one brother and one sister. He attended Taylor County High School in Perry, Florida, where he was a four-year starter and three-time 1,000-yard rusher. He accorded second-team all-state player honors as a prep senior.
Considered only a two-star recruit by both "Rivals.com" and "Scout.com", Blount was not ranked among the best running back prospects in the nation in 2005. Barely recruited out of high school, he attended camp at Auburn University but was not offered an athletic scholarship. He nonetheless intended to go to Auburn but did not qualify academically, so he headed for junior college.
College career.
East Mississippi Community College.
While at East Mississippi Community College in Scooba, Mississippi, Blount rushed for more than 1,000 yards in each of his two seasons, accumulating 367 carries for 2,292 yards and 18 rushing touchdowns. Among his career highlights was a 273-yard performance with three scores in a win over Northeast Mississippi Community College during his freshman year; he led the state of Mississippi in rushing yards with 1,106 as early as October 2006. Blount was rated as the No. 1 junior college prospect by "The Clarion-Ledger" and received Junior College All-American honors.
By the end of his sophomore year, Blount had become one of the highest ranked junior college prospects. He was named the nation’s top junior college running back and the No. 12 overall prospect in the Rivals.com Junior College Top 100. Blount was heavily recruited by several high-major schools, including Florida State, Ole Miss, and West Virginia. He committed to Oregon in December 2007. Oregon coaches said Blount reminded them of Reuben Droughns.
Oregon Ducks.
Blount entered his junior year at Oregon sharing the running back role with senior Jeremiah Johnson. The two backs lived together, and the talkative Johnson advised Blount in his first Pac-10 season. For Blount, it was the first season in which he split time with another running back, and his reaction was mixed. The two backs each contributed nearly 100 yards and three touchdowns in an early 63–14 win over the Washington State Cougars, and both again performed well in a late season victory over the Oregon State Beavers. But Blount brought lackluster performances to games against USC and Cal. Overall, Blount rushed for 17 touchdowns, setting a single-season school record, and 1,002 yards. Blount and Johnson became only the second duo in team history to both clear 1,000 rushing yards in the same season; Johnson led the team with 1,201 yards.
He clashed several times during the season with veteran head coach Mike Bellotti, earning a suspension for the first quarter of a November loss to the Cal Golden Bears for "not following team rules."
After the end of the season, he missed a number of workouts. Bellotti suspended him indefinitely on February 10 for "failure to fulfill team obligations."
Blount responded fairly well to the suspension, improving his attendance in both academic and athletic pursuits. He was reinstated by newly appointed head coach Chip Kelly in March. He attended some, but not all, voluntary workouts during the off-season, but was praised for an improved attitude by fellow members of the football program. He arrived at training camp in better physical shape than in 2008. At , he was somewhat above his optimal weight, but was slimming down, and aiming for a 2,000 yard season. Blount was named to the watch lists for the Walter Camp Award and the Doak Walker Award for the 2009 season.
Boise State incident.
The Ducks opened their 2009 season with a 19–8 loss to the Boise State Broncos. Blount ended the game with negative yardage (−8) and points (−2 from a safety). Blount had been interviewed by a "Sports Illustrated" reporter earlier in the summer. During that interview he was asked about the excessive late hits in the 2008 game in Eugene between Oregon and Boise State. He had been quoted that because of the way Boise State beat Oregon in Eugene they "owed them an ass-whoopin'." In that game Boise State knocked out Oregon quarterback Jermiah Masoli with a late hit to the chin with his helmet. Oregon lost that game but the late hits were a topic of discussion as the teams prepared for the season opener against each other. Shortly after the game's end, Boise State defensive player Byron Hout came up to Blount during the team's handshakes and said, "How's that for an ass-whoopin'?" Blount punched Hout, knocking him to the ground. Blount then hit teammate Garrett Embry, who was attempting to restrain him, in the helmet.
As he was escorted to the locker room, Blount confronted Boise State fans who were jeering at him after seeing the video replay. Blount says that one Boise State fan brandished a chair at him and another punched him. Two police officers and Oregon assistant coach Scott Frost restrained Blount and escorted him into the locker room. Video of the incident spread rapidly on the Internet.
Blount apologized after the incident saying, "I just apologize to everybody that was watching this — ESPN, national TV — I just apologize to all of our fans, all the Boise fans. It was just something that I shouldn't have done. I lost my head, and I shouldn't have taken it that far."
Oregon coach Chip Kelly suspended Blount for the rest of the 2009 season. According to the Associated Press, "On Friday told a sobbing Blount of his decision: That punch would cost Blount the season, and ultimately his career with the Ducks. 'He understands that his actions are unacceptable. We will not put up with that.' Kelly said." Blount was not dismissed from the team, however, and will be permitted to attend practice and retain his scholarship.
Chip Kelly consulted with Oregon officials in advance of Blount's suspension. Afterward, the Pac-10 expressed support for the suspension. Kelly stated that he made his judgment based on the entire event and had not theorized how it would have changed had only certain parts of the incident occurred.
Following the announcement of Blount's punishment, a number of sports writers and analysts questioned whether or not suspension for the entire season was excessive. Wrote analyst Tom Dienhart: "But did Blount's punishment (banned from games the rest of the season) fit the crime? Blount should have been benched for three to five games, giving him a break for being in an emotional spot after being provoked by Hout."
Blount called Hout and Petersen to apologize on September 5. Kelly participated in the calls. Hout was not suspended for his taunting, though Petersen stated that he did receive disciplinary action. Petersen accepted the apology as sincere, and expressed the wish that Blount would be able to go on playing football, and that many parties would learn from the experience.
Blount was given the opportunity to continue practicing with the team but was not at the first practice due to unspecified obligations. However, Blount was on the sidelines at practice the following day and began practice with the scout team a week later.
On October 1, an apology letter from Blount was published in the Oregon school newspaper the "Oregon Daily Emerald". Later that day, the Oregon Athletic Department released a statement indicating that a plan that could reinstate Blount to the team was under consideration. The next day, head coach Chip Kelly announced that if Blount meets certain guidelines, he could return for the November 7 game against the Stanford Cardinal. Pac-10 commissioner Larry Scott responded that the conference alone had the power to reinstate Blount and would take Oregon's appeal under consideration if it occurred.
Blount was not reinstated in time for the Stanford game, but two days after the Ducks' loss to Stanford, the Ducks requested, and the Pac-10 approved, Blount's reinstatement for the Ducks' November 14 game against Arizona State. Blount released a statement thanking head coach Kelly for showing that he "cares enough to offer me this second chance" and that it was up to Blount to "prove to people that their lasting impressions of me are not what they saw in Boise." Blount suited up for the Arizona State and Arizona games, but since his replacement, LaMichael James, was playing so well, Blount did not see any playing time in those games.
In their final game of the season, the Civil War against rival Oregon State, the Ducks trailed by 9 points in the third quarter. Blount came into the game for James and several plays later, scored on a 12-yard run to bring the Ducks within 2 points. Blount ended up rushing for 51 yards in the game and the Ducks would go on to win the game 37–33 and earn a berth in the 2010 Rose Bowl against Ohio State.
Professional career.
Tennessee Titans.
Blount was not drafted in the 2010 NFL Draft but agreed in principle to a free agent contract with the San Francisco 49ers following the draft. However, after a meeting with Tennessee Titans head coach Jeff Fisher, Blount decided to sign as an undrafted free agent with the Titans instead. In August 2010, Blount was involved in another incident in which he threw a punch, this time with a Tennessee Titans teammate, defensive end Eric Bakhtiari, a few moments after having his own helmet ripped off in practice. The play ended with some pushing and shoving, Blount threw a right fist, contacting Bakhtiari's facemask.
Blount quickly talked to Titans Head Coach Jeff Fisher before leaving the field. "He apologized, and I said he didn't have to apologize," Fisher said. "It's football. It's training camp." "His past is his past. Is that the first punch you've seen in camp this year? No. I'm not disappointed whatsoever. I have great confidence in the young man that he learned from his mistake, and he's very competitive. That's why we brought him in here is to watch him run the football like that," Fisher said. Blount survived the final roster cut and was placed on the Titans' 53 man roster. Blount was then waived to make room for veteran linebackers Tim Shaw (Chicago Bears) and Patrick Bailey (Pittsburgh Steelers). Titans sources indicated that Blount would be signed to the rookie practice squad, if Blount cleared waivers. Blount was waived on September 5, 2010.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
On September 6, 2010, Blount was claimed off of waivers by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He played in his first regular-season NFL game in a week three 38–13 home loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers, gaining 27 yards on six rushes and scoring one touchdown.
On October 31, 2010, Blount recorded his breakout game as a Tampa Bay Buccaneer. He accumulated 120 rushing yards and 2 touchdowns on 22 carries, and chipped in 9 receiving yards in the Buccaneers' 38–35 victory at the Arizona Cardinals. Highlighting the performance was a late game 43-yard run in which Blount hurdled approaching player Kerry Rhodes. At the end of his rookie season, Blount had played in 13 games and accumulated 1,007 rushing yards, which was the most by a rookie in the 2010 NFL season. Blount became the second undrafted running back in NFL history to accumulate 1000 yards in his rookie year (Dominic Rhodes was the first).
Blount started off the 2011 season with only 5 carries for 15 yards against the Detroit Lions. The next week Blount reestablished his strong running ability with 13 carries for 71 yards and two touchdowns against the Minnesota Vikings. This includes the game-winning touchdown with 30 seconds left to play. In week 5 in a game with the 49ers, Blount injured his knee after accumulating only 15 yards rushing and was forced to miss weeks 6 and 7. Blount would ultimately return for the matchup with the New Orleans Saints. On November 20, 2011, Blount broke free from eight Green Bay Packers tacklers and scored on a 54-yard touchdown run.
New England Patriots.
On April 27, 2013, Blount was traded to the New England Patriots for Jeff Demps and a 7th round selection (229th overall) in the 2013 NFL Draft.
On December 29, 2013, Blount led the Patriots to a playoff bye with a win over the Buffalo Bills by rushing for 189 yards on 24 carries scoring 2 TDs and returning 2 kickoffs for 145 yards with a long of 83 yards. Blount set a franchise record for all-purpose yards with 334 yards.
On January 11, 2014, Blount rushed for four touchdowns setting the Patriots record for most rushing touchdowns in a playoff game and is second on the all time list for rushing touchdowns in a playoff game, only behind Ricky Watters, who scored 5 in a playoff win against the New York Giants in 1994. In addition to the feat, Blount finished the day with 166 rushing yards on 24 carries, as the Patriots defeated the Colts with a final score of 43-22. 

</doc>
<doc id="20907154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907154" title="Inverness by-election, 1922">
Inverness by-election, 1922

The Inverness by-election, 1922 was a by-election held on 16 March 1922 for the British House of Commons constituency of Inverness.
Vacancy.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the sitting Coalition Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) Rt Hon. Sir Thomas Brash Morison, upon his appointment as a Senator of the College of Justice. Morison had held the seat since 1917.
Result.
The result was a victory for the Coalition Liberal candidate. 
Aftermath.
Sir Murdoch Macdonald held the seat until he retired in 1950 aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="20907157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907157" title="All Through the Night (film)">
All Through the Night (film)

All Through the Night is a light-hearted thriller film released by Warner Brothers in 1941, starring Humphrey Bogart, Conrad Veidt and Kaaren Verne, and featuring many of the Warner Bros. company of character actors. It was directed by Vincent Sherman.
Plot.
An elderly baker named Miller (Ludwig Stossel) is murdered by a sinister stranger (Peter Lorre). A trail leads on to a nightclub singer, Leda Hamilton (Kaaren Verne) who reveals that she and Miller have been in thrall to an organization of Nazi fifth columnists led by Ebbing (Conrad Veidt). She is helped by a well-meaning sports promoter, Alfred "Gloves" Donahue (Humphrey Bogart), who himself is suspected of murdering a nightclub owner (Edward Brophy), and has to track down those responsible to prove his innocence.
Cast.
Cast notes
Production.
Producer Hal Wallis made "All Through the Night" as a "companion piece" to his earlier anti-Nazi melodrama, "Underground", despite the poor box office of the prior film.
Humphrey Bogart was not the first person considered for the lead in the film: it was originally supposed to be played by Walter Winchell, the noted gossip columnist who would later be the narrator for the TV series "The Untouchables". When Winchell could not get the time off to make the film, Wallis offered it to George Raft, and then, when Raft turned it down, to Bogart. Olivia De Havilland and Marlene Dietrich were considered for the female lead. 
The scene in which Bogart and William Demarest confuse a room full of Nazi sympathizers with doubletalk was not part of the original script, but was invented by director Sherman, who filmed it despite the objections of producer Wallis. Wallis ordered it removed from the film, but Sherman left a small segment of it in, and when preview audiences reacted positively to it, Wallis backed down and told Sherman to put the entire scene back in.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20907180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907180" title="Joan of Arc (Leonard Cohen song)">
Joan of Arc (Leonard Cohen song)

"Joan of Arc" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen. It was released as a single in March 1971 from his third album, "Songs of Love and Hate". The song lasts almost six-and-a-half minutes, and is composed of four stanzas of eight lines each with a "la-la" refrain.
Theme of the song.
The song is constructed mainly as a dialogue between Joan of Arc and the fire which is consuming her as she burns at the stake, after having been found guilty of heresy (in 1431). In the song, Joan says that she is "tired of the war" and tells how she would rather be wearing a white wedding dress (one of the charges against her was that she dressed as a man). Joan's surrender to the fire, as its bride, may also be seen as a symbol of her religious fervor and commitment.
Background.
This song was apparently inspired by Cohen's love for the German model Nico. It has also been noted that the structure in which the song is both sung and recited on parallel tracks (most obvious in the first and last four lines) was inspired by Medieval palimpsests.
Covers and translations.
Jennifer Warnes covered the song on her album "Famous Blue Raincoat" as a duet with Cohen; a bonus live version was added to the 20th anniversary re-issue of the same album. Italian singer-songwriter Fabrizio de André wrote "Giovanna d'Arco", an Italian translation of "Joan of Arc", and included it in his 1974 album "Canzoni". Canadian singer Patricia O'Callaghan covers the song on her 2011 album "Matador: The Songs of Leonard Cohen".

</doc>
<doc id="20907198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907198" title="Hifazat">
Hifazat

Hifazat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20907203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907203" title="Vicki Robin">
Vicki Robin

Vicki Robin (July 6, 1945) is an American writer and advocate of "simple living," who is best known for her best-selling book, co-authored with Joe Dominguez, "Your Money or Your Life: Transforming Your Relationship with Money and Achieving Financial Independence". Her most recent work, "Blessing the Hands That Feed Us: What Eating Closer to Home Can Teach Us About Food, Community, and Our Place on Earth" was published in January 2014. It is based on her own experience taking the locavore movement to heart, when, for one month, she ate only food sourced within a 10-mile radius of her home on Whidbey Island in Puget Sound, Washington. 
Born in Oklahoma, Robin grew up in Manhasset, Long Island, New York where she attended Manhasset High School. She graduated cum laude from Pembroke College (Brown University) in Providence, Rhode Island in 1967. She lives in Seattle.
Robin was one of the original founders of Sustainable Seattle. She also stars in the feature documentary film about the Dalai Lama, entitled "Dalai Lama Renaissance".

</doc>
<doc id="20907205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907205" title="Jarrettown, Pennsylvania">
Jarrettown, Pennsylvania

Jarrettown is an unincorporated community located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The community is in Upper Dublin Township, east of the Borough of Ambler and southwest of Horsham.
Jarrettown is located at the intersection of Limekiln Pike and Jarrettown Road, approximately north of Limekiln Pike's intersection with Susquehanna Road and southwest of Jarrettown Road's intersection with Pennsylvania Route 63.
Bean's 1884 "History of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania" describes Jarrettown as follows:
Jarrettown is the second largest village, and is situated near the centre of the township, on the Limekiln turnpike, which was constructed in 1851. It contains a hotel, store, a three-story Odd-Fellows' Hall, two story public school-house and twenty-one houses. The post-office was established here in 1866. Gordon in his "Gazetteer," mentions this place in 1832, as containing five or six dwellings. The name of the place was derived from Levi Jarrett, the owner of several farms in this vicinity in 1815. In 1776, John Jarrett was assessed for two hundred and thirteen acres. The name of Jarrett, like those of Fitzwater and Dresher, has now become extinct in Upper Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20907231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907231" title="Willie Nelson &amp; Friends – Stars &amp; Guitars">
Willie Nelson &amp; Friends – Stars &amp; Guitars

Willie Nelson & Friends – Stars & Guitars is a 2002 live album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20907247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907247" title="Andres Ambühl">
Andres Ambühl

Andres Ambühl (born 14 September 1983) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward currently playing for HC Davos of the Swiss National League A (NLA).
Playing career.
Ambühl began playing junior hockey in the HC Davos organization, with the club's junior team. In 2000–01, he scored 41 points in 31 games as a junior and debuted in three games with Davos in the NLA. He joined the senior team in 2001–02, scoring eight points in 38 games during his rookie season. Playing with Davos in the 2006 Spengler Cup as tournament hosts, Ambühl scored the championship-winning goal against Team Canada in a 3–2 final win. In 2007–08, Ambühl scored a career-high 26 points in 49 games for HC Davos.
Having previously played nine seasons for Davos, Ambühl signed a contract with the New York Rangers on 27 May 2009. He was then assigned to the Rangers affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League for the duration of the 2009–10 season.
On 17 April 2010, Andres returned to the Swiss NLA, signing with the ZSC Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="20907256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907256" title="Harvey Wiley Corbett">
Harvey Wiley Corbett

Early life and career.
Corbett was a San Francisco native. He was an 1895 graduate of the engineering program at the University of California, Berkeley and then was educated at the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris. After his graduation in 1900, he started work in the firm of Cass Gilbert.
One of Corbett's early commissions during the 1910s was for the landmark Springfield Municipal Group, two large municipal buildings with a tower in Springfield, Massachusetts
1917-1930s: H. W. Corbett's Greatest Influence.
As part of the firm of Helmle & Corbett, Harvey Wiley Corbett designed Bush Tower, a 30-story Neo-Gothic skyscraper built for the Bush Terminal Company on 42nd St. near Times Square, Manhattan. The tower, "with its prominent position and slight setbacks in buff, white and black brick, marked his début as an influential skyscraper designer."
Corbett's next major commission was in London, where again working for Irving T. Bush and the Bush Terminal Co., he was the architect for Bush House, a massive and essentially American-style office building built within the limits of strict London building codes.
Later in the 1920s, Harvey Wiley Corbett was part of one of the three firms that designed Rockefeller Center in New York. Corbett however left the Rockefeller Center project in 1928 so he could work on plans for the Metropolitan Life North Building, designed as a 100-story skyscraper and the world's tallest building, but eventually built as a 32-story tower during the Great Depression.
Corbett continued to design some structures during the Great Depression, notably the massive New York City Criminal Courts Building in downtown Manhattan, the northern tower of which is the Manhattan Detention Center (The Tombs). The complex was designed with Charles B. Meyers and completed in 1941.
Views and Writings.
According to his obituary in the "New York Times", Corbett was a longtime and ardent champion of skyscrapers and modernism.
In 1922, Corbett commissioned delineator and architect Hugh Ferriss to draw a series of four step-by-step perspectives demonstrating the architectural consequences of New York's "setback" zoning law. These four drawings would later be used in Ferriss's 1929 book "The Metropolis of Tomorrow". By demonstrating how architecture might evolve, Corbett's commission and Ferriss's book continue to influence popular culture; the Gotham City of Batman and the cities seen in the 2004 movie Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow both were influenced by Corbett and Ferriss.
In the late 1920s, the impact of skyscrapers on cities and downtowns was still hotly debated. Harvey Corbett defended the benefits of tall buildings against skyscraper detractors in articles published in the "New York Times Magazine" and the "National Municipal Journal" in 1927.
In 1930, Corbett described modernism in architecture as a "freeing of the shackles of style that for years have forced architects to erect duplicates of Grecian temples for bank buildings, regardless of modern requirements for light, air, and utility."
H.W. Corbett lectured at the Columbia School of Architecture at Columbia University in New York from 1907 to the 1930s, further influencing a generation of architects.
Other Contributions and Legacy.
Later, Corbett shaped the course of architecture by heading the architectural committee of the 1933 World's Fair (the "Century of Progress" exhibition) in Chicago. He was also chairman of the advisory committee of architects that created the theme for the modernistic 1939 New York World's Fair. Both fairs were influential examples of modern architecture.
Because of his work in America and England, Harvey Corbett was simultaneously a fellow of the American Institute of Architects and the Royal Institute of British Architects. One month before his death, the New York Chapter of the American Institute of Architects granted him their annual award for career achievement.In 1926, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate Academician, and became a full Academician in 1930.
Today, Corbett's papers are contained within the collection of the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library at Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="20907269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907269" title="Robert Hayden (disambiguation)">
Robert Hayden (disambiguation)

Robert Hayden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20907271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907271" title="Hiroshi Michinaga">
Hiroshi Michinaga

He competed for Japan in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada in the individual event where he finished in second place behind American Darrell Pace .

</doc>
