<doc id="20873047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873047" title="Peter W. Dykema">
Peter W. Dykema

Peter William Dykema (1873–1951) was an important force in the growth of the National Association for Music Education (initially known as the Music Supervisors National Conference), Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia fraternity, and the music education profession. Dykema was also active in the Music Teachers National Association and the National Education Association Department of Music Education. He also served as 1924-25 chairman of the Kiwanis International Committee on Music. Through these various avenues of involvement, in addition to his work as a composer, author, and educator, he was one of the leading music advocates of his day.
Education.
He earned a B. L Degree from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, in 1895, with certification to teach French and German. He earned an M. L. Degree in English literature from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, in 1896. He undertook vocal studies with Franz Arens in New York from 1903 to 1904. He studied music theory with Frank Shepard at the Institute of Musical Art, New York, from 1904 to 1905. He student music theory with Edgar Stillman Kelly in Berlin, Germany from 1911 to 1912. He also studied ear training and composition at Juilliard from 1912 to 1913.
Career.
Dykema served as an English and German teacher at Aurora (Illinois) High School from 1896 to 1898. He served as the Principal of P.S. 8 in Indianapolis, Indiana from 1898 t0 1901. He was in charge of music at the Ethical Culture School in New York from 1901 to 1913. 
He was Professor of music at the University of Wisconsin in Madison from 1913 t0 1924. He took a leave of absence from 1918 to 1919 to serve as Supervisor of music for Commission on Training Camp Activities of the War Department. From 1916 to 1917, he served as national president of what is now the National Association for Music Education. In 1917, he was elected to honorary membership in the Alpha Chapter of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity at Boston's New England Conservatory. In 1919, he was elected to honorary membership in the Beta Chapter at Combs College of Music. In 1921, he was a member of the charter class of the Phi Chapter installed at the University of Wisconsin. The following year, in 1922, he was elected Supreme President of the Fraternity.
He served as professor and chair of the music education department, Teachers College, Columbia University, in New York from 1924 until his retirement in 1940. 
He was Professor Emeritus from 1940 until his death in 1951. In 1946, he was guest conductor of the summer music camp at the University of the Pacific.
Compositions.
Dykema wrote several songs, some of which appear in Sinfonia Songs. He wrote a choral anthem, We Who Love Music, and two Christmas songs, which appeared in the Blue Book of the Twice 55 series. They are "To Shorten Winter's Sadness" and "A Carol for Everyman".
Family.
Dykema was the ninth and youngest child of Cornelius and Henrietta Dykema, Dutch immigrants who met as teenagers and settled in Grand Rapids, Michigan after their marriage (Underwood, p. K.1). Dykema married Jessie Dunning on December 24, 1903. They had five children: Karl Washburn Dykema, Roger Dunning Dykema, Alice Mary Barnes, Helen Cargan Denglier, Peter Scot Dykema. His daughter Helen authored the biographical work "Music For All" in 1994, and was interviewed by Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity's T. Jervis Underwood for the fraternity's "Centennial History".
The Music Educators Journal.
After his 1913 speech at the national convention of what is now NAfME, Dykema quickly became an active member in the organization, and became an active member after his presidential term ended in 1917. He was perhaps best known for his position as the editor of the Conference journal, first called "The Bulletin" and renamed "The Music Supervisors Journal" in 1915. Dykema used the publication to keep members informed about the organization and the profession, writing frequent columns about such topics as community singing, musical tests, new movements in music education, and issues within the Conference.
Advocacy.
Although Dykema did not have a formal degree, he organized choirs at all the schools where he worked, included arts in his classes, and promoted music education in his faculty positions at the university level. When he taught high school English, he included a unit on arts education, and he developed one of the first music appreciation courses in the country. During his tenure at Teachers College, Columbia University, he increased music education course requirements for the master's degree and helped develop the first doctoral program in the music education department.
Dykema promoted music making and music education wherever he went. He was known as an inspiring choir leader and untiring worker, continuing to travel, write and lecture about music after he retired from his position at Teachers College in 1940. Heavily influenced by a Dutch Calvinist background that included family and church singing, Dykema advocated community music, believing that towns and cities should insure that their populations have access to musical groups, performance halls, and competent directors. He thought it was important that adults should have opportunities to study instruments as beginners, and he urged teachers to foster such a love of music that students would continue playing and singing after compulsory lessons had ended.
In 1918, he chaired a joint committee of twelve (that included John Alden Carpenter, Frederick S. Converse, Wallace Goodrich, Hollis E. Dann, among others) that prepared the "service version" of the National Anthem. Later, as a member of the National Anthem Committee in 1942, he helped prepare "The Code for the National Anthem of the United States of America" (www.thenationalanthemproject.org/reprise.pdf).
From 1923 to 1939, he served as chair of the Music Teachers National Association (MTNA)'s national Committee on Community Music. The reports of the committee as documented in MTNA's "Volume of Proceedings" from each year during that period contain in depth information on Dykema's efforts in the area of music advocacy: the promotion of Christmas carolling, community sings, music in industry, etc. He also described a collaboration between Phi Mu Alpha and Sigma Alpha Iota at the University of Wisconsin to establish a high school organization called Omicron Phi ("MTNA Volume of Proceedings", 1936, p. 356). During much of this period, Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia and MTNA held national conventions simultaneously.
Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity.
Considered one of the most influential leaders in the Fraternity's history, Dykema was elected as an honorary member of the Fraternity's Alpha Chapter at the New England Conservatory in Boston on or around January 8, 1917 while serving as president of what is now the Music Educators National Conference. Three years later, he was elected an honorary member of the Beta Chapter at the Combs College of Music in Philadelphia. He was a member of the class that chartered the Phi Chapter at the University of Wisconsin in 1921, and was elected as a national honorary member (Alpha Alpha Chapter) in 1932. Based on the records compiled by former supreme historian Thomas Larrimore, it appears that Dykema holds the record for the most multiple chapter memberships.
Following a period of internal difficulty following the active departure of Ossian E. Mills, Percy Jewett Burrell, and other early Fraternity leaders, the Fraternity experienced internal difficulty (made more significant by the challenges of World War I) during the five years leading up to Dykema's election in 1922. Upon his election, Dykema addressed the delegates at the Chicago convention, "I want to hear from each one of you. The first thing I want to know is, 'Why should this fraternity exist at all? Why shouldn't we abandon the whole idea?" (Underwood, p. K.2). Dykema's words challenged and stirred his listeners, and the Fraternity's second defining period commenced. The number of active chapters grew significantly under his watch as president, and during those years the Fraternity was introduced to major universities such as Pennsylvania State University, the University of Southern California, the University of Texas, the Eastman School of Music, the University of Illinois, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the University of Arizona, and Columbia University.
Dykema made several contributions to the Fraternity. He served on a team that oversaw the develop of membership intake protocol in 1926 and 1938. He served as editor and compiler of the 1931 edition of Sinfonia Songs. In the 1920s, he established the province structure, appointing the inaugural class of province governors. He was instrumental in bringing multiple key leaders in music education and advocacy into the fraternity, including Paul J. Weaver, Edward Bailey Birge, and Clarence C. Birchard. He presided over the dedication of the memorial in honor of Ossian E. Mills in Putnam, Connecticut in 1928, in addition to presiding over the dedication of the Sinfonia Lodge at Interlocken.
As a faculty member at Teachers College of Columbia University, he maintained close involvement with the Beta Gamma Chapter, where he served on the faculty after leaving Wisconsin. Through his influence, many men associated with music education on the national level came into Fraternity membership. 
He served as supreme president from 1922 to 1928, during which time the Fraternity essentially doubled its number of active chapters across the country. Dykema's ascendancy to the presidency came just five years after his first election to honorary membership in the Fraternity. After leaving office as supreme president, he served as Committeeman-at-Large from 1928 to 1934, and as Supreme Historian from 1934 to 1938. His total years of formal service to the national level was sixteen years. During the remaining thirteen years of his life, he continued to be actively involved with the Fraternity. In 1944, he helped coordinate a Fraternity reception in New York City in honor of the Republican presidential candidate, and fellow Michigan graduate and Fraternity member, Thomas E. Dewey.
He is credited with essentially saving the Fraternity from extinction through the administrative restructuring that took place under his leadership as president(which involved dividing the Fraternity into provinces and the appointment of province governors, one of the earliest of whom was Thomas E. Dewey. Through his involvement with the Music Teachers National Association and the National Association of Schools of Music, the Fraternity came into close collaboration with these organizations, which had a lasting influence on the Fraternity's focus on music advocacy for decades. 
Dykema served as chair of the 1931 edition of "Sinfonia Songs". Some of the popular songs of a "general nature" entered the songbook under his watch. Several of his songs are included in the current songbook published in 1998, as are several that had previously appeared in the "Twice 55 Community Songs" series edited by Dykema. Two of his sons were also Sinfonians: Karl Washburn Dykema (into the Delta Eta Chapter at Youngstown State University in 1959), and Roger Dunning Dykema (into the Beta Gamma Chapter at Columbia University in 1928). Along with William B. McBride, Dykema is one of only two men who served as national president of both the Fraternity and the NAfME.
The Fraternity commissioned an oil painting of Dykema. The painting is part of the Gottesman Libraries' collection at Columbia University. It was restored by Chelsea Restoration conservators during the summer of 2010.
Death.
Dykema died from a heart attack at his home in Hastings, New York on Sunday, May 13, 1951. His funeral was held in St. Paul's Chapel (Columbia University) on the campus of Columbia University in New York City. The eulogy, written by former Sinfonia national president Norval Church, was delivered by Columbia's chaplain, James A. Pike. Dykema's ashes were scattered at Lake Ompah, his favorite wilderness retreat, in Ontario, Canada.
Honors.
He was initiated as a member of Phi Mu Alpha's Alpha Alpha National Honorary Chapter in 1932. In 1986, he was recognized as a member of the National Association for Music Education's Music Educators Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20873068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873068" title="Noriko Yamashita">
Noriko Yamashita

She was born in Yamaguchi Prefecture.
In 1972 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20873084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873084" title="The Hills (season 4)">
The Hills (season 4)

The fourth season of "The Hills", an American reality television series, consists of 20 episodes and was broadcast on MTV. It aired from August 18, 2008, until December 22, 2008. The season was filmed primarily in Los Angeles, California, with additional footage in New York City, New York; Las Vegas, Nevada; Italy; and Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. The executive producer was Liz Gateley.
"The Hills" focuses on the lives of Lauren Conrad, Audrina Patridge, Whitney Port, and Heidi Montag. During the season, Conrad's distaste for Montag's boyfriend Spencer Pratt continues to inhibit reconciliation between the women. Meanwhile, Patridge is concerned that her new housemate Lo Bosworth is straining her relationship with Conrad. The season finale saw Port relocate to New York City to accept employment with Diane von Fürstenberg, while Montag and Pratt elope.
Upon the conclusion of the season, Port was commissioned her own spin-off series "The City", which originally chronicled the lives of her and friends Olivia Palermo, Jay Lyon, Erin Lucas, and Adam Senn. Additionally, rumors were widespread that Conrad wished to leave the series to pursue other career opportunities, though she made her final appearance on the series during the mid-season finale of the following season.
Synopsis.
The fourth season continues as tension builds between housemates Lauren Conrad, Audrina Patridge, and Lo Bosworth. Patridge expresses concern that Bosworth is becoming a distancing factor between herself and Conrad. Before Patridge moves into a separate residence, the women tearfully mend their friendship. However, their friendship is briefly strained after Patridge hears false speculation that Conrad was involved with her on-again/off-again boyfriend Justin Brescia. Conrad became involved in a romantic relationship with her former boyfriend Doug Reinhardt, though the pair eventually separated and instead became friends.
As part of her duties with Kelly Cutrone's PR firm People's Revolution, Whitney Port finds herself often travelling to New York City and living a bi-coastal lifestyle. She eventually moves to the city after receiving employment with Diane von Fürstenberg, at which point she is commissioned her own spin-off series "The City".
Meanwhile, to the dismay of her boyfriend Spencer Pratt, Heidi Montag allows her sister Holly to temporarily live with them after moving from their hometown of Crested Butte, Colorado. Pratt eventually convinces Heidi to ask Holly to find another residence. In celebration of her absence, he visits Montag at her work event with Bolthouse Productions, where she is terminated after becoming visibly intoxicated. However, Pratt later becomes enraged after Conrad and Bosworth welcome Holly to stay with them, as he and Montag were still feuding with the former regarding earlier sex tape rumors. Afterwards, Pratt surprises Montag with a vacation to Cabo San Lucas, where they decide to elope. Upon returning to Los Angeles, Conrad and Montag appear to come to common terms and become friends again out of spite of suspicions over Spencer. The season concludes as Pratt chooses not to legalize their marriage after deciding to gift Montag with her dream wedding.
Cast.
All four main cast members retain their positions during the fourth season of the series. Lauren Conrad serves as the series' narrator and focal point, and continues to attend the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising (FIDM). Along with her friend Whitney Port, she remains employed by Kelly Cutrone's PR firm People's Revolution. Audrina Patridge is housemates with Conrad, and works for Epic Records. Heidi Montag remains estranged with her former friends Conrad and Patridge, and is employed by event planning company Bolthouse Productions.
The aforementioned women's storylines were largely developed by a number of supporting cast members. Lo Bosworth is Conrad's best friend and third housemate, though Patridge sees her as a distancing factor in her friendship with Conrad. Justin Brescia, nicknamed "Justin Bobby" by Bosworth, returns as Patridge's on-again/off-again boyfriend. Brody Jenner, Frankie Delgado, and Doug Reinhardt are mutual friends with the majority of the cast. Having dated during their teenage years, Reinhardt also briefly dated Conrad in the beginning of the season.
Montag and her boyfriend Spencer Pratt are disliked by the majority of the cast, who look to disassociate themselves with the couple's antagonistic antics. However, Conrad is friends with their sisters Holly Montag and Stephanie Pratt, through whom Montag attempts to revive their friendship. In the workplace, Cutrone is featured as Conrad and Port's boss, while Brent Bolthouse serves as Montag's boss. Kimberly Brandon and Chiara Kramer are shown as Montag and Patridge's respective co-workers and friends.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20873091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873091" title="Yaeko Yamazaki">
Yaeko Yamazaki

She was born in Ōmuta.
In 1972 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20873115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873115" title="Gerard Publishing">
Gerard Publishing

Gerard Publishing is a publishing house that opened in Menlo Park, California, operating under the imprint of 815. This publishing house started out publishing music and in 2007 added art, books and publications divisions.
Divisions.
B Gerard Publishing.
Registered with the American Society of Composers and Writers, under B Gerard Publishing, Gerard Publishing's music division publishes jazz, R&B, and gospel music. Gerard Publishing has established a strong presence in radio by producing and writing jingles and music for Portis Insurance, The Hiatus Group, Inspirational Vocalists and Missionaries with the Vision.
Gerard Publishing Art.
815 Originals, the art division has spotlighted global photographers and artists. Art can be found in corporate publications, published books and in the homes and businesses of private consumers. Gerard Publishing distributes inspirational art, fine art, and poetry on art.
Gerard Publishing / 815 Books.
Gerard Publishing's autobiography and academic books are published under Gerard Publishing, while all other genres are published under the imprint 815. 815 publishes books that stimulate thought and dialogue. Author Minaya Holman was the first author to publish "Journey from Adolescence to Womanhood", which is a series of autobiographical poetry through Gerard Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20873134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873134" title="Last Autumn's Dream (album)">
Last Autumn's Dream (album)

Last Autumn's Dream is the third studio album by British band Jade Warrior. The album, released in 1972, was well received, and yielded two singles, in "A Winter's Tale" and "The Demon Trucker". 
Last Autumn's Dream was Jade Warriors first album to feature Tony Duhig's brother, David Duhig, who co-wrote "The Demon Trucker" with the band, as well as playing guitar on the track. David returned for the next two studio albums, and then again in 1984 ("Horizen") and 1998 ("Eclipse" and "Fifth Element").
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jade Warrior, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20873146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873146" title="Minuscule 2053">
Minuscule 2053

Minuscule 2053 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Oα31 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 138 parchment leaves (26.8 by 21 cm). Paleografically it has been assigned to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains only the text of the Book of Revelation with the commentary on that Bοοk by Oecumenius. The text is written in two columns per page, in 24 lines per page. 
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Textual value is higher than Codex Sinaiticus (in Revelation) and is comparable with manuscripts Codex Alexandrinus, Codex Ephraemi, Minuscule 2062, and Minuscule 2344. It is one of the best witnesses for the Book of Revelation, sometimes even superior to the Papyrus 47. Aland placed it in Category I.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The manuscript was written in the 13th century in Messina. 
The codex currently is housed at the "Biblioteca Universitarià" (99), in Messina. 

</doc>
<doc id="20873177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873177" title="Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame">
Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame

The Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame is an institution founded in 1991 to honor persons and entities who have made significant contributions to the quality of life or well-being of the LGBT community in Chicago. Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley attended nearly every installation ceremony each year through 2010, his last year as mayor. His successor, Rahm Emanuel, has also attended annually. The Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame is the only officially recognized gay and lesbian hall of fame in the United States. Mayor Daley said that the Chicago Gay and Lesbian Hall of Fame "honors individuals and organizations within the LGBT communities who have demonstrated a commitment to diversity and work to enrich and unify our city." It currently has no physical facility but maintains on online website, which allows anyone to visit the Hall of Fame at any time. The Hall of Fame holds an annual installation ceremony for new members. Posters of previous inductees have also been exhibited at the James R. Thompson Center, which is the principal state government building in Chicago; at the Illinois State Library in Springfield; and at the Gerber/Hart Library, an LGBT institution in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="20873180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873180" title="St. Louis School, Claremont, Western Australia">
St. Louis School, Claremont, Western Australia

St. Louis School was a Catholic boys’ school in Claremont, Western Australia, between 1938 and 1976.
History.
St. Louis School was a Catholic boys’ school founded by the Jesuits – their only school in Western Australia. It opened on 23 May 1938 in Claremont in the western suburbs of Perth, on the site of the former Hinemoa Homestead which had been sold to the Catholic Church in 1932. The homestead building was used for the Junior School, while new buildings were erected to house the Senior School, the Jesuit community, and the boarders.
The School was named after Aloysius Gonzaga, an early Jesuit saint, also known as Luís de Gonzaga. Its motto was “Altiora Peto” (“I seek higher things”).
The Jesuits ran the School until 1971, when it was handed over to the Catholic Archdiocese of Perth. Archbishop Lancelot Goody appointed a School Council chaired by Judge John Lavan to manage the School.
St. Louis School amalgamated with the Loreto Convent girls’ school to form John XXIII College, which opened in 1977.
The site of St. Louis School is now occupied by the St. Louis Retirement Estate, which has preserved the old homestead building.
House system.
St. Louis School enrolled boys from ages nine to seventeen, both day pupils and boarders.
Until the mid-1960s, the year grades were named after levels in the traditional Jesuit curriculum: Elements, Rudiments, Grammar (I and II), Syntax (I and II), Poetry and Rhetoric.
Inititally there were three houses named after the Jesuit saints: Gonzaga (blue), Kostka (green) and Xavier (red). A fourth house Loyola (white) was introduced in 1976 to ease the almalgamation with Loreto Convent which already had a fourth house.
Notable alumni.
Former pupils of St. Louis School are known as Old Louisians. Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="20873187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873187" title="Boomers! (Dania Beach)">
Boomers! (Dania Beach)

Boomers! is a family amusement center located in Dania Beach, Florida.
Roller Coaster.
The Dania Beach Hurricane is the largest wooden roller coaster in Florida and the only roller coaster in South Florida.
As of 4/27/11 The rollercoaster is no longer operational.

</doc>
<doc id="20873197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873197" title="Maia Chung Autism and Disabilities Foundation">
Maia Chung Autism and Disabilities Foundation

The Maia Chung Autism and Disabilities Foundation is a not-for-profit organization in Jamaica which was formed to help people affected by autism and other disabilities as well as to support entities that help these persons function. 
The Foundation has collected about 12 million Jamaican dollars in funds and resources to assist with helping existing treatment facilities, schools and families. 
Programs.
The Autism and Disabilities Foundation has given financial support to The Promise Learning Centre, an academic institution in operation for 15 years in Jamaica which specialises in the treatment of autism and other learning disabilities. 
The Foundation is now working exclusively with the Adonijah Schools, an organization that specializes in teaching children with autism, located in Kingston, Jamaica.
The Foundation also helps persons who live outside Kingston, where treatment facilities are concentrated, to travel there for treatment, and seeks to have the government offer medical treatment programmes in the parishes where there is now no formal or too limited types of medical care for these persons.

</doc>
<doc id="20873200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873200" title="Kill Kill Kill (EP)">
Kill Kill Kill (EP)

Kill Kill Kill is the debut 7" EP by Anti-Flag. They had released a couple of splits before this and had appeared on a compilation or two but this was their first solo release. It was recorded and released "around 1995" and is now long out-of-print. Most of the songs can be found on their first full-length Die for the Government.
Track listing.
Notes: The versions of "You'd Do The Same", "No More Dead", & "Kill The Rich" on this EP are the same exact recordings used on Die for the Government but this version of "Davey Destroyed the Punk Scene" is exclusive to this release.

</doc>
<doc id="20873201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873201" title="Maixent Poitevin">
Maixent Poitevin

Maixent Poitevin was a mayor of Poitiers in France, from 1566 to 1568. He served two terms, being re-elected once in 1567.

</doc>
<doc id="20873219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873219" title="Joel Gallen">
Joel Gallen

Joel Gallen is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and founder and president of Tenth Planet Productions. 
Gallen has produced and directed many live television events and has won numerous awards, including an Emmy, Peabody, PGA and DGA award for producing and directing "" immediately following the 9/11 attacks. He has executive produced and directed the last ten Comedy Central Roasts, including the most recent roast of Roseanne. Gallen has directed and produced more than a dozen Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremonies. From 2007 through 2010, Gallen was the executive producer and director of CNN Heroes.
Gallen is the executive producer of two prime-time reality-competition series: The Sing-Off, the group a cappella competition series,; and America’s Best Dance Crew, the reality-competition series for MTV. Gallen was an executive at MTV in the early 90's where he produced The MTV Video Music Awards for 5 years and created The MTV Movie Awards. He went on to produce 14 of the first 15 MTV Movie Awards shows between 1992 and 2006. Gallen conceived and directed many of the Movie Award short comedic films during that period that featured Ben Stiller, Tom Cruise, Jack Black, Will Ferrell, Justin Timberlake, Jimmy Fallon, Vince Vaughn and many others. 
Joel produced a short film for Zoolander while producing the VH1 Fashion Awards in the late 90's and executive produced the movie for Paramount in 2001. He directed the hit comedy Not Another Teen Movie for Sony Pictures that same year.
Joel lives in Los Angeles with his 8 year old son Max.

</doc>
<doc id="20873231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873231" title="Humberto Rosa (painter)">
Humberto Rosa (painter)

Humberto Rosa (January 18, 1908 – 1948) was a Brazilian artist that worked with painting and drawing. He was part of the "Grupo Santa Helena" and the "Família Artística Paulista" (or "Artistic Family of São Paulo"), but is less known than other members. Unlike most other members, he was neither a proletarian nor an artisan; instead he earned his wage as a drawing teacher, and that was the job he had until the end of life.
Rosa was born in Sertãozinho. His family was of Italian immigrants. He started to work very early, giving a hand in his father warehouse. In 1927, he moved to São Paulo, when he started his studies in the "Escola de Belas de São Paulo", or "School of Arts of São Paulo". 
Due to his always frail health and consequent early death, at forty, he was not as productive as the other members of Santa Helena Group. Due to that many of his works were lost, others were dispersed spatially. So much as they became rare materials, precious the comprehension of artistic movements of the 1930s and 1940s artistic movements. He died in São Paulo.
His works, particularly the landscapes, record his countryside origin, and the life in the fast growing São Paulo city.

</doc>
<doc id="20873252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873252" title="Pitts and Todd">
Pitts and Todd

Pitts and Todd were a comedy duo from the 1930s, put together by Hal Roach as the female counterpart to Laurel and Hardy. The duo consisted of actresses Zasu Pitts and Thelma Todd.
History.
Roach had previously paired Anita Garvin and Marion Byron together in 1928 and 1929 but only three films resulted. Both Pitts and Todd had been working with Roach in various short films and feature films previously. The duo worked together for 17 short films. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy made a guest appearance in Pitts and Todd's 1931 short "On the Loose". The 1930 Leroy Shield song "Beautiful Lady" was used as the theme song for the Pitts and Todd films. The team's 1932 short film "Show Business" was directed by Jules White and was later re-worked as a Three Stooges Columbia short "A Pain in the Pullman" from 1936.
In mid-1933, ZaSu Pitts left the Hal Roach studios and Patsy Kelly was brought in as Thelma Todd's new partner. This team filmed 21 more short films together until Todd's death in 1935. The next pairing was Patsy Kelly and Pert Kelton for one short, and then Kelly and Lyda Roberti for two shorts and one feature film, "Nobody's Baby". Roberti died in 1938 at age 31.
In 1941, ZaSu Pitts and Patsy Kelly made their only appearance together in the feature film "Broadway Limited". The duo echo Laurel and Hardy in one sequence when sharing a bed with a baby and a leaking hot water bottle.

</doc>
<doc id="20873253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873253" title="Detlev-Rohwedder-Haus">
Detlev-Rohwedder-Haus

The Detlev-Rohwedder-Haus (Detlev Rohwedder House) is a building in Berlin that at the time of its construction was the largest office building in Europe. It was constructed between February 1935 and August 1936 to house the German Ministry of Aviation ("Reichsluftfahrtministerium", or RLM), headed by Herman Goering, a prominent Nazi.
During the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) it was known as the "Haus der Ministerien" ("House of Ministries"). In 1992 it was named the "Detlev Rohwedder Building", in honour of Detlev Karsten Rohwedder, the assassinated head of the Treuhand, which had its headquarters there 1991-95. Still, the building is more commonly known as the Air Ministry Building. Since 1999, the building is the seat of the German Finance Ministry.
Design and construction.
The building was designed by Ernst Sagebiel (1892–1970), who shortly afterwards rebuilt Tempelhof Airport on a similarly gigantic scale. One writer has described it as "in the typical style of National Socialist intimidation architecture." It ran for more than 250 m along Wilhelmstraße, partly on the site of the former Prussian War Ministry dating from 1819, and covered the full length of the block between Prinz-Albrecht-Straße and Leipziger Straße, even running along Leipziger Straße itself to join onto the Prussian House of Lords, today housing the Bundesrat. It comprised a reinforced concrete skeleton with an exterior facing of limestone and travertine (a form of marble). With its seven storeys and total floor area of 112,000 sq m, 2,800 rooms, of corridors, over 4,000 windows, 17 stairways, and with the stone coming from no fewer than 50 quarries, the vast building served the growing bureaucracy of the Luftwaffe, plus Germany's civil aviation authority which was also located there. Yet it took only 18 months to build, the army of labourers working double shifts and Sundays. The first 1,000 rooms were handed over in October 1935 after just eight months' construction. When finally completed, 4,000 bureaucrats and their secretaries were employed within its walls. 
Post-WWII.
The Air Ministry building was one of the few Nazi public buildings in central Berlin to escape serious damage during the Allied bombing offensive in 1944-45. Afterwards the huge structure was quickly repaired, only the "Ehrensaal" (Hall of Honour) being much altered, remodelled into the Stalinist neo-classicist "Festsaal" (Festival Hall), and the enormous Eagle and Swastika that adorned its end wall being removed. 
Once the work was complete, the building was used by the Soviet military administration until 1948, and from 1947-49 by the German Economic Commission ("Deutsche Wirtschaftskommission or DWK"), which became the top administrative body in the Soviet Occupation Zone. In this time it became officially known as "Haus der DWK" ("House of the 'DWK'"). On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic (GDR) was founded in a ceremony in the "Festsaal", with Wilhelm Pieck as President and Otto Grotewohl as Prime Minister "(Ministerpräsident)". Later the building served the Council of Ministers of the GDR and other affiliated organizations of the GDR, hence its new name "Haus der Ministerien" (House of the Ministries). 
In 1950-52 an extraordinary 18 metre long mural was created at the north end along Leipziger Straße, set back behind pillars, made out of Meissen porcelain tiles. Created by the German painter and commercial artist Max Lingner together with 14 artisans, it depicts the Socialist ideal of contented East Germans facing a bright future as one big happy family. In fact the mural's creation had been a somewhat messy affair. Commissioned by the Prime Minister, Otto Grotewohl, Lingner had had to revise it no fewer than five times, so that it ultimately bore little resemblance to the first draft. Originally based on family scenes, the final version had a more sinister look about it, a series of jovial set-pieces with an almost military undertone, people in marching poise and with fixed, uniform smiles on their faces. Lingner hated it (as well as Grotewohl's interference) and refused to look at it when going past. With a degree of irony, the building became the focal point a year later of the Uprising of 1953 in East Germany.
After reunification.
From 1991–95, after German reunification, it housed the Treuhand (Trust Establishment), which privatised former enterprises operated by the deposed communist régime of East Germany. Its first chairman was Detlev Rohwedder, who was murdered by Red Army Faction terrorists on 1 April 1991, after which the building was renamed the Detlev Rohwedder House () on 16 January 1992 in his honour. From 1990 the Berlin branch office of the German Finance Ministry was also located here, and since 1999, following a vast refurbishment, the building has served as the Ministry's headquarters. 
At the north (Leipziger Straße) end of the building, a plaque commemorates the protest meeting of 16 June 1953, from which stemmed the following day's Uprising of 1953 in East Germany. Since 1993 the nearby 1950s Lingner mural has been joined by another scene set into the ground nearby: a huge blown-up photograph of 1953 protesters shortly before their gathering was suppressed.

</doc>
<doc id="20873309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873309" title="Miguel González (pitcher)">
Miguel González (pitcher)

Miguel Ángel González Martín (born May 27, 1984) is a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles. Gonzalez lists his hometown as Pacoima, California.
Career.
González was originally signed by the Los Angeles Angels as a rookie free agent in 2005. The following two years, he earned a number of honors with the Arkansas Travelers (Texas League/Double-A). He was selected by Boston in the 2008 Rule 5 draft. Out during the regular season while recovering from a knee injury, he made a comeback with the Venados de Mazatlán of the Mexican Pacific League.
In 2009, González underwent Tommy John surgery and missed the entire season. He was outrighted to Pawtucket in November 2009.
After two seasons in the Red Sox minor league system, González signed a minor league deal with the Orioles in March 2012. He would start at Triple-A. He said that he signed to play with fellow Mexican players Dennys Reyes, Luis Ayala and Óscar Villarreal, as well as the fact that the Orioles gave him the opportunity to improve his skills.
Gonzalez made his first major league start on July 6, 2012 against the Los Angeles Angels and earned the win, limiting the Angels to one run and three hits over seven innings. The Orioles won the game 3–2. In the game, Gonzalez honored his former teammate, Nick Adenhart who died in 2009, by wearing a glove given to him by Adenhart when they were teammates in 2007 with the Arkansas Travelers. For the 2012 regular season he went 9–4 with a 3.25 ERA in 14 starts. Gonzalez also started Game 3 of the 2012 American League Division Series against the New York Yankees, departing the game with a 2-1 lead but no-decisioned when the Yankees tied the game in the ninth inning and won it in the twelfth.
On May 9, 2013 Gonzalez was placed on the 15-day disabled list with an unhealed blister on his throwing thumb; at the time he had a record of 2-2 in six starts with an ERA of 4.58.
Pitching style.
Gonzalez throws five pitches: a four seam fastball at 92-93 MPH, a sinker at 91-93, a curveball at 77-80, a slider at 
84-86 and a splitter at 82-85 for his out pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="20873319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873319" title="Deadly Apples">
Deadly Apples

Deadly Apples is a Canadian post-industrial and industrial rock act, founded in 2002 by Alex Martel (sometimes referred to as Freak) in Montreal, Quebec. Martel is the only original member of Deadly Apples and serves as its frontman, producer, art director, songwriter and instrumentalist along with bandmates Antoine Lamothe and Daniel Pelletier. Underground metal audiences in Canada warmly received Deadly Apples in its early years while the music was mainly influenced by alternative metal. The band gained a larger audience throughout the years as the music shifted to a more accessible industrial rock sound, resulting in moderate success.
Deadly Apples released two EP's, "Metamorphosis Has Begun" in 2005 and "Infected" in 2008, both produced and recorded by Martel with different producers. Although the recording and touring band featured a revolving lineup over the years, it currently consists of Martel on vocals, keyboards, sampling, guitars and tambourine; Lamothe on drums, keyboards and piano; Pelletier on guitars and keyboards; Gabriel Maurice on bass and piano. On stage, Deadly Apples usually gives harsh performances that frequently culminate with the band destroying their instruments, among various other stage antics by Martel that garnered some controversy. The band toured Canada and the U.S. many times since 2004, but has yet to do a full-scale U.S. tour.
History.
Formation: 2002-2004.
In 2002, Alex Martel started playing with fellow students at his high school in Quebec. He had no musical knowledge and didn't own a microphone or any instrument. He taught himself how to sing. The initial sound was mostly influenced by alternative metal. In 2003, the name Deadly Apples was chosen and a revolving lineup of musicians accompanied Martel.
By early 2004, Martel had teamed up with Karl St-Pierre on guitars. St-Pierre's heavy metal influences, along with the emotional and melancoly music Martel was writing, defined the early sound of Deadly Apples that appealed to underground rock and metal audiences. Accompanied by Gabriel Maurice on bass, Mathieu Raby on drums and Melissa Lord on keyboards, Deadly Apples toured extensively in 2004 and 2005 through Canada.
"Metamorphosis Has Begun": 2005-2007.
The band's first EP, "Metamorphosis Has Begun", was recorded over a weekend at a studio in Montebello, Quebec in 2005. It was produced by Martel and Jean-Guy Bruneau. Despite its raw sound, it gained many positive reviews in magazines across the world. 
The album mixed metal riffs, melodic piano, ambient keyboards, emotional vocals and growls. Some critics classified "Metamorphosis" as alternative metal, gothic rock and doom metal. MetalUniverse.net defined the music as psychotic metal.
The "Metamorphosis" period was defined by dark imagery and concerts that combined the theatrical performances of acts such as Marilyn Manson and the careless grunge attitude of bands like Nirvana. Deadly Apples started getting recognition from their peers and opened for established Quebec bands like Grimskunk, Kataklysm and Anonymus.
In 2006, Martel started writing what would later become the "Infected" EP. His growing fondness for industrial music and interest for synthesizers, sampling and programming heavily influenced the new songs. In between writing, Deadly Apples continued touring in 2006 and 2007 as a four-piece, Martel handling the keyboards and sampling along with Maurice. The live shows became less theatrical and more atmospheric.
Martel's antics on stage became increasingly harsh and controversy arose many times. Aside from the frequent destroying of instruments, Martel attacked drummer Raby several times on stage. After Raby forgot to trigger the outro of a show, Martel threw a cymbal to Raby's head and subsequently fired him because of his poor drumming skills. Martel and St-Pierre also used to frequently spit at each other and sometimes at the crowd, often resulting in minor fights or riots.
"Infected": 2007-2009.
During spring 2007, the initial version of "Infected" was recorded and produced by Martel and producer Yves Bouthillier with the touring band. Unsatisfied with the result, Martel scrapped the recordings and dismissed Bouthillier as well as the entire touring band. He went on to work with producers Antoine Lamothe (formerly of Endensa, Skindealer, Syntheticuse and Dee) and Dan Pelletier (formerly of Minds). Together, they revamped Deadly Apples, wrote new songs and recorded the album in various studios in Montreal, Montebello and Daytona Beach, Florida. "Infected" was mastered in St-Zenon, Quebec by Pierre Remillard (Rush, Cryptopsy, Despised Icon). After spending almost a year in the studio, the record was finally released in June 2008.
The album was released as both a free digital download on the band's official website and as a traditional CD. Martel released the following statement on the band's website:
"Deadly Apples is aware of this new era of constant technology development we live in and encourages using it to its full potential. The band applauds its peers such as Nine Inch Nails, Radiohead and Saul Williams for having the courage to take a step forward in that direction.
DA does not solicit or accept donations, but encourages fans to attend concerts, purchase a physical copy if you still collect CD's, purchase other merchandise or simply pass along the word to friends."
"Infected" is a diverse industrial rock album that moves away from the more metal-oriented "Metamorphosis". Both critics and fans embraced the band's new sound, image and live show. Lamothe joined the live band on drums and his input in Deadly Apples since 2007 has been significant. Gabriel Maurice rejoined the band on bass, while a number of guitar players have revolved during the "Infected" tour.
Deadly Apples started touring Canada and the U.S. in the support of "Infected" in June 2008. They played the festival circuit during summer, which included stops at the Petite-Nation Rockfest and Outaouais Emergent Music Festival. Stage antics and controversy kept growing at every concert. While standing on a barricade near the crowd, Martel used his microphone to attack a drunk attendee who was taunting him. In September 2008, at a club concert near Ottawa, the band's sampler broke, resulting in the band smashing all the instruments and stopping the set after one song. More controversy arose when the band played Lamothe's psychological short film "The Subject" as a show intro (Lamothe works in the film industry in Montreal). The short film features a scene in which a prostitute is brutally killed by a deranged man. The band toured extensively with Ok Volca during the fall.
A music video was shot during fall 2008 for the song "Self-Inflicted Oppression", directed by Lamothe, but has yet to see release. In early 2009, the band premiered a stripped down electroacoustic set, opening for the cross-Canada tour of Blindoldfreak, solo project of Nine Inch Nails keyboard player Alessandro Cortini. Following that run, the band continued touring with both their usual and stripped down sets, performing at several festivals in Canada and the U.S., including stops at New Hampshire's Rock On! Fest featuring Korn and Toronto's Virgin Fest featuring Nine Inch Nails and The Pixies.
First full-length album: 2010-now.
In January 2010, Martel and Lamothe reunited with "Infected" co-producer Daniel Pelletier, who later joined the band as full-time guitar player. Along with Maurice, the band started recording their third offering and first full-length album in Montebello, Quebec. Martel described the new material as "really catchy yet very raw and dirty, with ambient soundscapes and electronics -- something unique and different with peaks and valleys. Think of it as Nine Inch Nails meets White Stripes meets Portishead. Kind of."
In between recording sessions, Deadly Apples played a handful of large-scale festivals during the summer of 2010, including stops at Heavy MTL alongside Korn, Rob Zombie and Avenged Sevenfold, as well as Petite-Nation Rockfest alongside Alexisonfire, Anti-Flag and Misfits.
During Spring 2010, Korn guitarist James 'Munky' Shaffer recorded guitar parts with the band while in Maine for two songs off the album. Commented Martel: "I've known James for a long time, and having opened for Korn several times, he's always on the side of the stage watching our set. It was a natural process and we're happy to have him on the album, he's been very generous of his time." Others guests are slated to appear on the album, but the band has yet to announce them. The album was completed in late 2011. It was mixed in Nashville by Vance Powell and mastered by Bob Ludwig. It has not been released yet.
As of late 2011, the band has been on hiatus while Martel focuses on his festival Amnesia Rockfest in Montebello, Quebec which has become Canada's largest rock festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20873325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873325" title="Allen-Beville House">
Allen-Beville House

The Allen-Beville House was constructed between 1848-1850. The house is in the Douglaston section of the borough of Queens in New York City. It is one of the few surviving 19th century structures in Queens built as a farmhouse that survives. 
The site was inherited by Daniel K. Allen from his uncle, Richard Allen. Originally a farm of , he had purchased the land from Elijah Allen, Philip Allen and Cornelius Van Wyck prior to 1820. In 1847, Benjamin Allen acquired the site and built the house.
In the late 19th century, William P. Douglas, for whom Douglaston was named, purchased the home for use as a guest home for his estate, which was the original Douglaston Club building. When the clubhouse burned in 1917, the architects used this house as a model to create the current club.
In 1905-06 the Douglas Manor Company bought the Douglas Estate and subdivided the land as a real estate development.
The Allen-Beville House was given landmark status by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1977 and in 1983 was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20873329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873329" title="Three Sisters (Siskiyou County)">
Three Sisters (Siskiyou County)

The Three Sisters are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California. The Karuk name for the Three Sisters is asavêehkak.

</doc>
<doc id="20873343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873343" title="Three Sisters (Riverside County)">
Three Sisters (Riverside County)

The Three Sisters is a small mountain range, or a mountain with three summits, within the northeastern Temescal Mountains, in Riverside County, California.
The Three Sisters, is located east and north of Mockingbird Canyon, and south of Woodcrest.

</doc>
<doc id="20873347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873347" title="2004 FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship">
2004 FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship

The FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship 2004 is the 4th edition of the FIBA Asia's young men championship for basketball. The games were held at Tehran, Iran
Qualification.
According to the FIBA Asia rules, each zone had two places, and the hosts (Iran) and holders (Qatar) were automatically qualified. The other four places are allocated to the zones according to performance in the 2000 ABC Under-20 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20873349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873349" title="Naohiro Ikeda">
Naohiro Ikeda

He was born in Saga Prefecture.
In 1964 he was part of the Japanese team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he was a squad member of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the 1968 Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20873362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873362" title="Three Sisters (Los Angeles County)">
Three Sisters (Los Angeles County)

The Three Sisters are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in Los Angeles County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20873376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873376" title="Jeff Hilson">
Jeff Hilson

Jeff Hilson (born 1966) is a contemporary British poet. His works include "A Grasses Primer" (Form Books,2000), "Stretchers" (Reality Street, 2006), "Bird Bird" (Landfill 2009), and "In The Assarts" (Veer Books, 2010). He also edited "The Reality Street Book of Sonnets", published in 2008. With Sean Bonney and David Miller he co-founded Crossing the Line, a reading series based in London.
Hilson is the son of British diplomat Malcolm Hilson OBE, and brother of the environmental lawyer Professor Christopher Hilson of the University of Reading. He was educated at Bedford School, where he was a boarder. He went up to Girton College, Cambridge in 1985 to read English literature. He graduated in 1988 with a second class degree. He plays cricket for the Energy Exiles Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20873406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873406" title="Assyrian Pentecostal Church">
Assyrian Pentecostal Church

The Assyrian Pentecostal Church (, "‘Ittā d-Akhonāwāthā Pēnṭēqosṭāyē Ātūrāyē"), in (Persian: کلیسای پنطیکاستی آشوری), began in villages across the Urmia region in Iran, and spread to the Assyrians living in the adjacent cities. The current church's doctrine and tradition is a continuation of the spiritual revival movements that took place in Western Iran during the 1930s. In 1940, with great diligence and personal sacrifice a young pastor, named Tooma (Thomas) Nasseri began his evangelical ministry throughout Western Iran and built churches and established congregations in villages, towns, and major metropolitan cities in Iran. With the seed of Protestant Christianity planted Assyrian Protestant Church's began to emerge throughout greater Iran in the 1950s. Currently, the Assyrian Pentecostal Church has several congregations in California, Illinois, Canada, Australia, Austria, and Iran. The Church is an affiliate with the Assemblies of God. Today, the church may have from 12 to 20 thousand adherents.
Name of the church.
The term "Pentecostal" is derived from Pentecost, or the Jewish Feast of Weeks, which commemorates the descent of the Holy Spirit upon the followers of Jesus Christ as described in the Book of Acts, Chapter . Thus, the Church's name originates from the biblical passages contained within the Acts of the Apostles which refers to the day of Pentecost.
Statement of beliefs.
The Bible is the inspired Word of God.
Our God is one, but manifested in three persons, The Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Through Adam's transgression and fall, sin came into the world.
Through Jesus' death and resurrection, righteousness comes to all who believe.
Baptism in water, by immersion.
The baptism in the Holy Ghost and fire is a gift from God.
It is provided in the atonement of Christ and is the privilege of every member of the church today.
His coming is imminent. The dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we that are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air.
Language.
The liturgical language spoken by the members, church choir, and the pastor is Assyrian Neo-Aramaic, a language descended and closely entwined with Aramaic. Prayers and scripture is read and recited from an Syriac Aramaic Bible.
Observed Holidays.
The adherents of the Assyrian Pentecostal Church observe the following holidays:

</doc>
<doc id="20873423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873423" title="For Love, Only for Love">
For Love, Only for Love

For Love, Only for Love (Italian: Per amore, solo per amore) is a 1993 Italian historical drama film directed by Giovanni Veronesi and starring Diego Abatantuono, Penélope Cruz and Alessandro Haber. It depicts the nativity of Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20873428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873428" title="Trainer Hills">
Trainer Hills

The Trainer Hills are a mountain range in Yuba County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20873442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873442" title="Burkenroad Reports">
Burkenroad Reports

Burkenroad Reports are widely circulated financial reports on small- to medium-sized companies between Texas and Florida (inclusive) that are traditionally under-followed by bulge bracket stock analysts. Colloquially the Burkenroad-followed companies are referred to as "stocks under rocks". The reports are published by the Freeman School of Business at Tulane University. Under faculty supervision, students work in small groups to produce the reports after visiting companies and interviewing top management. This procedure gives students the opportunity to develop practical stock analysis skills.
History.
Burkenroad reports was founded by Peter Ricchiuti (Ri-Choo-ty) in 1993. Since its founding, the reports have gained national attention for their "quality and for avoiding the conflicts inherent when analysts follow a company in which they have financial stake" (Wall Street Journal, October, 1995). Over 40 company reports have been published since the project's inception. Twenty-one companies under Burkenroad coverage have been taken over since 1993. The Latin American expansion of the program began in 2001. Later in 2001, The Burkenroad Mutual Fund went live. There are over 400 Burkenroad Reports Tulane alumni in the investment industry. These alumni are colloquially jokingly referred to as "Burkendorks," in reference to their attention to detail and dedication to accurate reporting.
Annual conference.
Burkenroad Reports has hosted public investment conferences in New Orleans. The Burkenroad annual conference gives an opportunity for individual and institutional investors to hear directly from top management of Burkenroad-covered companies. The event also provides a forum for students, alumni, and business managers to network with one another.
Mutual fund.
The Burkenroad Mutual Fund (HHBUX is the ticker symbol for the load fund and HYBUX is the ticker symbol for the no-load fund), is managed by Hancock Bank. Hancock’s investment managers utilize the Burkenroad Reports as well as other sources, and the fund is primarily composed of stocks followed by the Burkenroad program. Since inception (12/31/01) the fund has outperformed about 94% of domestic equity mutual funds and has significantly outpaced both the Russell 2000 and S&P 500 indexes, although appropriate risk adjustments need to be made.
Latin America expansion.
The Latin American expansion of the Burkenroad Reports started in 2001 when the Inter-American Development Bank issued a grant for the project. Tulane University works in conjunction with universities in Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia, Peru and Ecuador to provide reports of companies in Latin America. Universities in Guatemala and Ecuador also have plans to participate. The Latin American Burkenroad Reports are provided for free in Spanish and English (click here to access).
Objective.
Burkenroad Latin America's objective is to promote the development of small and medium-sized enterprises in the region by improving its capacity to access financial markets (capital) and increasing the local supply of skilled management.
Media coverage.
Below is a list of several, but not all, of the media reports on the Burkenroad Reports.
List of representative companies.
Below is a sampling from the 40 companies the reports have covered since the program's inception.

</doc>
<doc id="20873450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873450" title="Tucalota Hills">
Tucalota Hills

The Tucalota Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, in Riverside County, California.
They are located east of Lake Skinner, and southwest of Hemet.

</doc>
<doc id="20873465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873465" title="Tumey Hills">
Tumey Hills

The Tumey Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Fresno County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20873468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873468" title="Jewel Lake">
Jewel Lake

Jewel Lake is a former reservoir and artificial lake along Wildcat Creek, a small stream in Northern California in Tilden Regional Park. It is located in the Wildcat Canyon between the Berkeley Hills and Sobrante Ridge Hills in an unincorporated area closest to Richmond and Kensington, California geographically and Berkeley accessibly. A wooden raised walkway built in the 1970s runs over marshland to the south of the lake. The dam and abandoned flood control machinery are visible at the north end of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20873487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873487" title="Like Someone in Love (Art Blakey album)">
Like Someone in Love (Art Blakey album)

Like Someone in Love is an album by Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers. It was recorded in August 1960, at the same sessions which produced "A Night in Tunisia", but it would be released on Blue Note only in late 1966. It features performances by Blakey with Lee Morgan, Wayne Shorter, Bobby Timmons, and Jymie Merritt.
Track listing.
"Recorded on August 7 (#3, 4, 6) and August 14 (#1, 2, 5), 1960."

</doc>
<doc id="20873506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873506" title="Miller Platform">
Miller Platform

The Miller Platform was an innovative railroad passenger car platform of the 19th century designed to prevent the hazard of telescoping in railroad collisions. It was named for its U.S. inventor, Ezra Miller who was issued a patent for it on July 24, 1866 (). The platform was part of an assembly which included a new type of coupler called the Miller Hook which came to replace the older link-and-pin coupler.

</doc>
<doc id="20873524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873524" title="Princess Margarita of Leiningen">
Princess Margarita of Leiningen

Princess Margarita of Leiningen (Full German name: "Margarita Ileana Viktoria Alexandra Prinzessin zu Leiningen") (born 9 May 1932 in Coburg, Bavaria, Germany; committed suicide on 16 June 1996 in Überlingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was a Princess of Leiningen by birth and the Princess of Hohenzollern by marriage. Margarita was the fourth child and second-eldest daughter of Karl, 6th Prince of Leiningen and his wife Grand Duchess Maria Kirillovna of Russia. Margarita was the Princess consort of Hohenzollern 6 February 1965 – 16 June 1996.
Marriage and issue.
Margarita married Frederick William, Hereditary Prince of Hohenzollern (later Frederick William, Prince of Hohenzollern), eldest son of Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern and his wife Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony, civilly in Sigmaringen on 5 January 1951 and religiously in Amorbach on 3 February 1951. Margarita and Frederick William had three sons:

</doc>
<doc id="20873543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873543" title="Dale Williams (baseball)">
Dale Williams (baseball)

Elisha Alphonso "Dale" Williams (October 6, 1855 – October 22, 1939) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Williams played for the Cincinnati Reds in . In 9 career games, he had a 1-8 record with a 4.23 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Williams was born in Ludlow, Kentucky and died in Covington, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="20873555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873555" title="Smith Center for the Performing Arts">
Smith Center for the Performing Arts

The Smith Center for the Performing Arts is located in Downtown Las Vegas's 61-acre Symphony Park and is a five-acre, world-class performing arts center consisting of three theaters in two buildings; groundbreaking for the $470 million project was May 26, 2009. The Art Deco design style was chosen to echo the design elements of another architectural tour de force in Nevada, the Hoover Dam, just 30 miles to the southeast. The center features a 17-story carillon tower containing 47 bells and is the first performing arts center in the nation to be Gold LEED certified. It opened on March 10, 2012.
The Smith Center features international music, and dance companies and is the home of the Las Vegas Philharmonic and Nevada Ballet Theatre. The Center is under the leadership of President and CEO Myron Martin, COO Paul Beard, Chief Financial Officer John Burnett, CMO Suzanne Chabre, Candy Schneider and Terry Jones
History.
Prior to The Smith Center opening, Las Vegas was one of the largest cities in the country without a performing arts center. Some highly customized production shows and venues have long existed at various resorts on the Las Vegas Strip but none were geared towards the variety of performances that a stand alone center would provide, such as that required for touring Broadway productions or major symphony orchestras. A smaller performing arts venue at the University of Nevada Las Vegas was inadequate for these purposes.
While plans for a new center were initially conceived around 1994, it was a donation in 2005, the second largest donation to performing arts in United States history, by the Donald W. Reynolds Foundation of $150 million, together with a car rental fee to repay bonds of $105 million initiated by Clark County and the State of Nevada, that move the public-private project towards construction. As the largest benefactors, the building was therefore named after Fred and Mary Smith, the chairman of the foundation and his wife. The City of Las Vegas began separate plans around 2000 to build a downtown urban district called Symphony Park, which was selected as the site for the Center.
In 2010 it was announced that the Lied Discovery Children's Museum would move to the Smith Center, replacing an originally proposed 600-seat theater that was scrapped from the plans in 2008. The reasoning was that the city already had numerous similarly sized venues in the various hotel resorts. A partnership with the Kennedy Center and some classrooms onsite serves to provide educational opportunities for local youth. With the Center's opening in 2012, in addition to performances, the planners expect the center to foster arts awareness and help to revitalize the downtown area.
Design and Artwork.
The Smith Center Board wanted a timeless and elegant design, selecting architect David M. Schwarz to design the center, using inspiration from the Hoover Dam's Art Deco style as a major and lasting historical influence in the Las Vegas area. The building is a pastiche of Bertam Goodhue's 1922 design for the Nebraska State Capitol at Lincoln and John & Donald Parkinson's 1929 Bullocks Wilshire in Los Angeles. White Indiana limestone for the facade (as at Lincoln), as well as numerous detail elements based on the Hoover Dam and 1920's motifs feature throughout the facility, including a winged sculpture in the Center lobby modeled after the dam's famous Winged Figures of the Republic statues. A prominent flower theme was also added in select places since Mary Smith's favorite flower is the Blue Iris. In addition, artwork by local artists from the Las Vegas Art Museum have been loaned to the center to be displayed.
A large concert hall and two smaller theaters were designed as the main venues. At the corner is a 17-story tower featuring 47 bells and providing a new focal point for the downtown skyline, as well as the Center. Audio design firm Akustiks worked with Schwarz to ensure optimum sound quality in all the venues, installing high tech sound enhancing features like retractable drapery and auto closing doors to reflect or absorb sounds based on the performance type. The main hall is also double soundproofed against outside noises. An outdoor park plaza was also built, serving as an additional outdoor concert venue if needed. It features an artwork by Tim Bavington, representing Aaron Copland’s “Fanfare for the Common Man.”
Entertainment venues.
The three main venues at the Smith Center are the Reynolds Hall, Cabaret Jazz Theater, and the Troesh Studio Theater, the first of which is located in its namesake building and the latter two in the Boman Pavilion.
Productions.
2012 Broadway Las Vegas Series.
- The Color Purple: April 3–8, 2012
- Mary Poppins: May 22–27, 2012
- Million Dollar Quartet: June 12–17, 2012
- Memphis: A New Musical: July 18–22, 2012
2012-2013 Broadway Las Vegas Season.
- Wicked the Musical: August 29-October 7, 2012
- The Addams Family: November 20–25, 2012
- Anything Goes: February 5–10, 2013
- West Side Story: February 25-March 3, 2013
- Shrek the Musical: March 19–24, 2013
- Disney's Beauty and the Beast: April 16–21, 2013
- Billy Elliot the Musical: May 14–19, 2013
- Catch Me If You Can: June 18–23, 2013
- Green Day's American Idiot: June 11–16, 2013
2013-2014 Broadway Las Vegas Season.
- Les Misérables: August 7–11, 2013
- The Wizard of Oz: September 10–15, 2013
- War Horse: October 2–6, 2013
- Sister Act: October 15–20, 2013
- Evita: November 26-December 1, 2013
- Mamma Mia!: January 7–12, 2014
- Flashdance- The Musical: January 28- February 2, 2014
- The Gershwins' Porgy & Bess: April 15–20, 2014
- Once: May 20–25, 2014
- The Book Of Mormon: June 10-July 6, 2014
Donald W. Reynolds Discovery Center.
Part of the Smith Center campus includes the new home of the Lied Discovery Children's Museum, to be renamed the DISCOVERY Children’s Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20873610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873610" title="Edward Eliot">
Edward Eliot

Edward Eliot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20873612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873612" title="The Greek Labyrinth">
The Greek Labyrinth

The Greek Labyrtinth is a 1993 Spanish thriller film directed by Rafael Alcázar and starring Penélope Cruz, Eusebio Poncela and Fernando Guillén Cuervo. In Spanish the title is El Laberinto griego. It is set in and around the city of Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="20873622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873622" title="Church of the Resurrection (Queens)">
Church of the Resurrection (Queens)

The Church of the Resurrection is a historic Episcopal church and rectory in Richmond Hill, Queens, New York City. It was originally built in 1874 as a frame, Gothic Revival style church. It was extensively remodeled and enlarged in 1904 in the Late Gothic / Tudor Revival style. It has an exterior of random quarry-faced stone and a prominent bell tower with spire. The church includes the Riis family memorial window, donated in 1905 by Elizabeth Riis, wife of Jacob Riis. The adjacent Cummings Hall was built in 1923. The rectory was built in 1888 and is a -story, frame dwelling with a hipped roof and gable dormers in the Queen Anne style.
The church is also notable for its association with Jacob Riis, a social reformer and pioneering photojournalist who was a Richmond Hill resident from 1885 to 1912 and a church member from 1900 to 1912. Theodore Roosevelt, a close friend and associate of Riis, visited the church to attend the marriage of Riis's daughter Clara to Dr. William Fiske on June 1, 1900. Roosevelt was Governor of New York at the time. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20873650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873650" title="Chicago Ballet">
Chicago Ballet

Chicago Opera Ballet, established in 1910, is a Chicago dance company located in downtown Chicago. Chicago Grand Opera Company's first ballet master was Luigi Albertieri (protégé of Enrico Cecchetti). The opera became a base from which successful Chicago resident dance companies emerged. In 1922 two émigré dancers, Andreas Pavley and Serge Oukrainsky, among the opera's most illustrious early ballet masters, created Chicago's first independent ballet company, the Pavley-Oukrainsky Ballet, which toured nationally and internationally until Pavley died in 1931. In 1919, Adolph Bolm was invited by the opera to stage an original ballet. Based on a story by Oscar Wilde, Bolm's "The Birthday of the Infanta" had music by Chicago composer John Alden Carpenter and decor by the American designer Robert Edmond Jones. Midwest dancer Ruth Page starred as the infanta. When Pavley and Oukrainsky left the opera in 1922 to form their company, Bolm became the opera's ballet master. Subsequently he helped establish Chicago's Allied Arts, considered the first ballet theater in the United States, which he directed from 1924 to 1927. Allied Arts ceased for lack of funds, but the Adolph Bolm Ballet continued. Experimentation continued in the 1930s and included a pioneering attempt by Mark Turbyfill (Chicago Opera) and his former student Katherine Dunham to organize an African American ballet company in Chicago. In 1933, Ruth Page choreographed "La Guiablesse", which featured Page along with Dunham and an all-black supporting cast. Dunham, Ruth Page and Bentley Stone formed the Chicago Works Progress Administration (WPA) Dance Project and had significant success. Two important ballets emerged by Page and Stone; "American Patterns" (1937), the first feminist ballet, and the landmark "Frankie & Johnnie".
Following the WPA, The Page-Stone Ballet was the first American ballet company to tour South America. 
Ruth Page became the leading force of ballet in Chicago, establishing many Chicago companies with various names: Chicago Grand Opera Company, Ravinia Opera Festival, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, Chicago Opera Ballet, Ruth Page's International Ballet and Chicago Ballet, with Ben Stevenson and Larry Long as Co-Artistic directors in 1974. Chicago Ballet was well known for Page's version of "The Nutcracker", considered one of the finest, at Chicago's Arie Crown Theater in McCormick Place. It premiered in 1965 and continued until 1997. Many international ballet stars appeared with the company during the long "Nutcracker" seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20873673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873673" title="Christmas Away from Home">
Christmas Away from Home

Christmas Away from Home is the first Christmas album (third overall) by Filipino singer Jay R, released on November 28, 2006 by his own label, JAYRS Music (later renamed as Homeworkz Records). It was distributed by Universal Records. It is an eleven-track Christmas collection containing six classic Christmas songs, two originals and three instrumental versions of three songs in the album. His sister, Jhing, was featured in one song, entitled "Spread the Love".
The album was re-released in 2008, retitled as "Holiday of Love". It includes six other traditional Christmas songs as addition, like "O Holy Night" and "Give Love on Christmas Day", replacing the three instrumentals. All its album sales and proceeds were entirely donated to GMA-7's Kapuso Foundation. He stresses the album's title, saying "It’s Christmas after all. With an album called "Holiday of Love", it’s only fitting that I practice what I preach. It’s all about giving".
Own studio and label.
"Christmas Away from Home" is the first album recorded by Jay R in his own studio and label. When asked about the idea of owning his own recording studio, he explains "It’s a necessity for a recording artist [...] It saves a lot of money in the long run and it’s very convenient. You can work on the recordings at any time of the day". His studio is located inside his house, saying "I had to look for a house that was big enough to house a studio [...] I was renting a place just a few blocks away from this house, and the neighbors used to complain about the loud music. This house meets all my requirements."
He initially named his label JAYRS Music, but in 2008, he renamed it as Homeworkz Records, due to the fact that the studio is located inside his house.
Background and production.
The Christmas album was actually inspired by Jay R's uncle Reny, who just died not too long ago. He states, "The entire album is actually inspired by him, from the single to the cover to the layout, pictures and video. His death triggered something in me, and I knew that a tribute was the best way to thank him and cherish his legacy". "Christmas Away from Home" is a jazzy Christmas album that is the perfect album to play during the holidays. It shows killer solos and an outstanding vocal performance by Jay R. "It's a must have.", as said by the critics.
Produced by JAYRS Music and distributed by Universal Records, the new CD also marks his initial attempt at running his own independent record label. Turning himself into a virtual one man production outfit, Jay R single-handedly produced, arranged, mixed, mastered and attended to all details - including the album's layout and art concept. He explains, "It was a tough job to finish. I didn't sleep much because I wanted everything hands-on. I arranged the music then recorded all the session players in my studio, wrote a tribute song for my uncle at the same time setting up in my living room for the photo shoot, then recorded my vocals on all the songs with my featured guests while conceptualizing the layout for the album. Mixed and mastered everything, and then there's the business side to take care of too".
Critical reception.
"Christmas Away from Home" did not have enough promotion, ending up uncertified by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry. Although, it received generally mixed to positive critical response. Resty Odon of "Titik Pilipino" gave the album three out of five stars, expressing how he liked the mixture of Jay R's R&B sound and Christmas sound. He stated, "Correct me if I’m wrong, but I think Jay R is the first local artist to come up with the idea of a local RnB Christmas album [...] I can readily say I like the result". However, he was kind of antagonistic towards the album's sad feel, expressing "Well, one can regard the track “Tito Reny” as a love note, which is hardly a sad thought, although the honesty and earnestness may be too unabashed to the point of embarrassing. Sad songs are just not fitting for Christmas, at least for me".
Track listing.
All tracks were single-handedly produced, arranged, mixed and mastered by Jay R.
"Holiday of Love".
Holiday of Love is the re-issue of "Christmas Away from Home", released on November 24, 2008. It was recorded on Jay R's own studio and label, Homeworkz Records. Although, like Jay R's previous albums, it was still distributed by Universal Records. It consists of six Christmas songs, plus eight of the original release's tracks (which were remixed and remastered).
The album was made available on digital download through iTunes and Amazon.com MP3 Download.

</doc>
<doc id="20873675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873675" title="Going Up the Country">
Going Up the Country

"Going Up the Country" (also Goin' Up the Country) is a song by the American blues-rock group Canned Heat. Called a "rural hippie anthem", it became one of the group's biggest hits and best-known songs. As with their previous single, "On the Road Again", the song was adapted from a 1920s blues song and sung in a countertenor-style by Alan Wilson.
Background and composition.
Canned Heat, who were early blues enthusiasts, based "Going Up the Country" on "Bull Doze Blues", recorded in 1928 by Texas bluesman Henry Thomas. Thomas was from the songster tradition and had a unique sound, sometimes accompanying himself on quills, an early Afro-American wind instrument similar to panpipes. He recorded "Bull Doze Blues" in Chicago on June 13, 1928 for Vocalion Records (no. 1230).
For "Going Up the Country", Canned Heat's Wilson used Thomas' melody on the quills and his basic rhythm, but arranged it for a rock setting and rewrote the lyrics. In addition to the bass and drum rhythm section, Henry Vestine supplied a "light electric rhythm guitar" and multi-instrumentalist Jim Horn reproduced Thomas' quill parts on the flute. Although linked to the counterculture of the 1960s' back-to-the-land movement, Wilson's lyrics are ambiguous:
Releases and charts.
"Going Up the Country" was first released on Canned Heat's third album, "Living the Blues", in October 1968. A month later, it was released as a single and reached number eleven on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in December, making it the highest charting single of their career. In January 1969, the song peaked at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart. The song appears on several Canned Heat compilation albums, including "" (1989) and "Uncanned! The Best of Canned Heat" (1994).
Woodstock and influence.
Canned Heat performed "Going Up the Country" at the Woodstock music festival in August 1969. The song has been described as the "unofficial anthem" of the festival and is featured during the opening credits of the film. In the film, "Woodstock", Canned Heat's spoken introduction to their performance of the song is heard, but the movie then cuts to the studio recording played over a montage of festival attendees. The 1970 soundtrack album "" features the festival performance of the song, but without the spoken intro. 
Renditions of "Going Up the Country" have been recorded by several musicians, including Luca Prodan, Kitty, Daisy & Lewis, and the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.

</doc>
<doc id="20873677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873677" title="Changdev Maharaj">
Changdev Maharaj

Changdev Maharaj (also commonly referenced in ancient texts as Changa Deva, Changadeva, or simply Changa) was a mystical yogi turned saint who is believed to have lived in the village of Vateshwar along the banks of the Tapti River for 1,400 years. Per popular belief, Changdev Maharaj achieved Bhuta Siddhi (control over the classical elements) based on his yogic powers and used these powers to perform various supernatural acts. Even though Changdev Maharaj himself is believed to have had held godly status and followers, his current following is mostly amongst Varkaris due to his association with Dnyaneshwar and Muktabai.
Present day remains.
Temples dedicated to Changdev are today mostly found in the state of Maharashtra. References to his yogic and Tantric acts can be found in various literate related to yogic and Tantric streams as well as Buddhist folklore. The word Changa itself means good, and is also the name of a particular Shiva Jyotirlinga and the deity Bhairava.
In the present day, the village of Changdev, where Changdev Maharaj is believed to have lived for 1,400 years, houses an old temple dedicated to him. It is believed that the temple is about 3,000 years old. It is currently an ASI protected monument.
The present day Puntamba, a village along the banks of the Godavari River in Maharashtra, is believed to be the 14th and final resting place for Changdev Maharaj. The village has a mid-17th-century temple which houses the samadhi of Changdev Maharaj.
Narayanpur, a village to the south of Pune at the foothills of Purandar fort is believed be the native village of Changdev. It is believed that this ancient village, referred to as "Pur" during the Yadava Dynasty's rule, was a prosperous town. At present, it houses a 700+ year-old Narayan temple. The temple, which is "Hemadpanti" style, has inscriptions on its wall which preach teachings of Changdev Maharaj.
Even though not a temple by itself, the masonry wall used by Dnyaneshwar as a steed to visit Changdev (see below) is a sacred monument and is worshipped by the Varkaris visiting the holy city of Alandi.
Dnyanadev and the flying wall.
Changdev is most commonly known today due to his popular first encounter with Dnyaneshwar, also known as Dnyanadev. As the story goes, when the four siblings of Nivritti − Dnyanadev, Sopandev, and Muktai − achieved glory, Changdev Maharaj wanted to test them, and hence sent them a blank note. When the siblings received this note, they laughed at the gesture and, on Nivritti’s asking, Dnyaneshwar wrote 65 verses which were the quintessence of Vedanta on it. When the paper reached Changdev Maharaj, he had difficulty understanding what was written, and decided to meet the siblings to show them his yogic powers in person. For this visit he chose to ride on back of a tiger, wielding a poisonous cobra as a whip. When the siblings, then sitting on a masonry wall, saw the procession of Changdev Maharaj and thousands of his devotees walking toward their house, they decided to break his pride by humiliating him. They patted on the wall and it rose up to fly in the air. This use of an inanimate wall as a vehicle amazed everyone present. Changdev realized the greatness of these children. He became one of their disciples and overcame his pride and ego. These verses sent by Dnyaneshwar later became known as "Changdev Pasashti" (Pasast means 65 in Marathi) and are one of the holy scriptures amongst followers of Dnyaneshwar.
Muktai, the spiritual guide.
Muktai, the sister of Dnyaneshwar, is believed to be the spiritual guide of Changdev Maharaj. As the legend goes, once Muktai and her brothers were sitting in the ashram when Changdev happened to pass by. Muktai was of course fully clad, but she appeared to Changdev as unclad and at once he turned away. Muktai then told him that he was not perfect as he still had a complex of sex and shame, and did not see God in every being. These words of Muktai had great effect on him and he eradicated this weakness through intense sadhana. Changdev wished to make Dnyanadev his guru, but Dnyanadev said that Muktai was the right spiritual guru instead of himself. From this point on, Changdev took Muktai as his spiritual guide, and many references to Muktai can be found in the Abhangs that he wrote.

</doc>
<doc id="20873696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873696" title="The Big Beat (Art Blakey album)">
The Big Beat (Art Blakey album)

The Big Beat is an album by Art Blakey and his group The Jazz Messengers recorded on March 6, 1960 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Blakey with Lee Morgan, Wayne Shorter, Bobby Timmons, and Jymie Merritt.

</doc>
<doc id="20873709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873709" title="Scottish Men's Curling Championship">
Scottish Men's Curling Championship

The Scottish Men's Curling Championship is the national men's curling championship for Scotland. The championship decides which team of curlers is sent to the World Men's Curling Championship. It is currently sponsored by the Co-Operative Funeralcare.

</doc>
<doc id="20873754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873754" title="Royal Governor of Panama">
Royal Governor of Panama

The Royal Governor of Panama ruled over the Spanish colonial administrative district known first as the colony of Darién and later as the colony of Castilla de Oro (part of Spanish colony of Peru), which in 1529 was renamed Panamá. This district was subordinated to the Viceroyalty of New Granada on August 20, 1739. There were 113 such governors or presidents during the Spanish conquest and the later periods of Spanish-centered colonialism.

</doc>
<doc id="20873773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873773" title="Balwo">
Balwo

Balwo is a style of music and poetry practiced in Somalia as well as Djibouti. Its lyrical contents often deal with love and passion. Balwo was founded by Abdi Sinimo.

</doc>
<doc id="20873782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873782" title="Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly">
Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly

The Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly was established in 2005 by the Interim constitution of the Southern Sudan 2005. Pending elections in 2010, all 170 members were appointed according to the following formula as per the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA): 70% of seats to SPLM, 15% to NCP, and 15% to other parties. The Assembly met in Juba, The capital of Southern Sudan and Central Equatoria State.
The last and arguably most historic sitting of the Assembly took place on 9 July 2011 at approximately 1.30 pm (Juba time) when the Declaration of Independence of South Sudan was read by the Rt. Hon. James Wani Igga, Speaker of the Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly. It was read at an open parliamentary session (sitting number 27-2011) of the Assembly in front of a large assembled audience at the Dr. John Garang Mausoleum in Juba, South Sudan.
Following the independence of the Republic of South Sudan, a new legislature was established in terms of the country's constitution. It together with the Council of States of South Sudan is the new National Legislature of South Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="20873809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873809" title="Shelikhov">
Shelikhov

Shelikhov or Shelikof may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20873813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873813" title="Snowhaven">
Snowhaven

Snowhaven is a modest ski area in north central Idaho, seven miles (11 km) southeast of Grangeville in Idaho County. The elevation of its summit is above sea level, with a vertical drop of on east-facing slopes.
There are two surface lifts, a T-bar and a rope tow, serving 9 trails. The average annual snowfall is and the terrain is rated 75% beginner and 25% intermediate.
The facility is operated by the City of Grangeville and is open on weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="20873831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873831" title="Bismarck Lepe">
Bismarck Lepe

Bismarck Lepe is an information technology CEO and product manager. 
Prior to founding Ooyala with Sean Knapp (CTO) and Belsasar Lepe (Director of Engineering), Bismarck worked at Google as a Senior Product Manager responsible for the development and launch of monetization products for the Google AdSense network. While at Google, Bismarck launched over 25 different products focused on search and content monetization that contributed over $1 billion in annual revenue. Bismarck directly led the display and video advertising efforts for the AdSense network. 
At Ooyala, Bismarck was CEO and President of Product from inception in 2007 until August 2009. As CEO, he raised over $10M of funding, developed the strategic vision of the company and signed many of the early media partnerships. In the role of President of Product Strategy, Bismarck is responsible for all product and corporate marketing functions and is leading the team focused on developing new monetization technologies for media companies.
Bismarck also sits on the Ooyala Board of Directors. Bismarck is a graduate of Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="20873859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873859" title="Adolfo Machado">
Adolfo Machado

Adolfo Machado (born 14 February 1985 in Panama City, Panama) is a football defender who currently plays in Costa Rica team Deportivo_Saprissa.
Machado participated in thI 2008 CONCACAF Men's Pre-Olympic Tournament with Panama U-23 team been one of the most important players for Panama in the tournament. He made his debut with the senior team on May 1, 2008 starting in the 1-0 victory over Guatemala.
Around July 2008 Machado travelled to Colombia to play with Copa Mustang side Envigado along with U-23 teammate Armando Cooper. However the transfer failed and had to return to Panama to continue with Alianza. On December 2008 he was signed by Guatemalan side Deportivo Marquense.

</doc>
<doc id="20873880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873880" title="Dylan McLaughlin">
Dylan McLaughlin

Dylan McLaughlin (born December 2, 1993) is an American actor. He has appeared in television series including "ER" and "Bones" as well the motion pictures "Alice Upside Down", "Georgia Rule", and "Kicking & Screaming". He has also appeared as Benji in "iCarly".
Personal life.
McLaughlin was born in La Mesa, California. He began acting after being encouraged by his older brother who had also been a child actor. McLaughlin says he suffers from stage fright and because of this does not act on stage very often.
Awards.
In 2008, McLaughlin was nominated for at the Young Artist Awards for Best Performance in a Feature Film-Supporting Young Actor - Comedy or Musical' for his performance in "Georgia Rule" and 'Best Performance in a TV Movie, Miniseries or Special-Leading Young Actor' for his performance in "You've Got A Friend."

</doc>
<doc id="20873899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873899" title="Rafael Alcázar">
Rafael Alcázar

Rafael Alcázar is a Spanish screenwriter, film director and producer.

</doc>
<doc id="20873901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873901" title="Congregation Tifereth Israel (Queens)">
Congregation Tifereth Israel (Queens)

Congregation Tifereth Israel ("Splendor of Israel") is an Orthodox synagogue located in the Corona section of Queens, New York. It was founded by Ashkenazi Jews who had moved to Queens from Manhattan's Lower East Side. Estée Lauder and her parents were early members.
The congregation constructed its synagogue building in 1911, a wooden Gothic and Moorish revival structure designed by Crescent L. Varrone, and modeled after the narrow tenement synagogues built on Manhattan's Lower East Side. The walls were later stuccoed. Neighborhood demographics changed, and most Jews moved away starting in the 1970s. By the 1990s, the remaining congregation was aged, and had difficulty paying for synagogue repairs and finding enough men for a prayer quorum.
Bukharan Jews began moving to Corona in the 1990s, and in the mid-1990s began worshiping in Tifereth Israel's basement. Disputes between the old congregation and the Bukharan Jews and their new rabbi came to a head in 1997. Lawsuits in rabbinical and state courts led to the Bukharan congregation taking over the synagogue. The building deteriorated, and by 2008 was in need of $1.4 million in exterior repairs alone.
, the New York Landmarks Conservancy had begun $1.5 million in restoration work. Tifereth Israel's building was the oldest structure built as a synagogue in Queens, and the oldest synagogue building in Queens continuously used for worship.
History.
Founding.
The congregation was founded in 1906 or 1907 as "Congregation Independent Chevra Tyfers Israel Anshei Corona" to accommodate Ashkenazi Jews who had moved to Queens from Manhattan's Lower East Side. It was known informally as the "Home Street Synagogue", after the original name of the street on which it is located. 
At the time, most synagogues used the word "Anshei" (Hebrew for "people of") in their names to designate the city or region in Europe from which their members originated. Tifereth Israel, however, used the term "Anshei Corona" to indicate that it was their new neighborhood of Corona, Queens that united the synagogue members. The Articles of Incorporation stated that the congregation's intent was "o have a synagogue for the purposes of praying, to bury their dead, and to advance its members spiritually and intellectually." When the synagogue was founded, approximately 20,000 of New York City's 1.5 million Jews lived in Queens, and Corona had two Jewish neighborhoods. Estée Lauder (née Josephine Esther Mentzer) and her parents were early members; her parents owned a hardware store two blocks from the synagogue.
In 1911, the congregation constructed a synagogue building on a lot at the corner of 54th Avenue. It was modeled after the synagogues built on Manhattan's Lower East Side, which had to be squeezed into narrow tenement lots. The two-story building, designed by Crescent L. Varrone, was wood framed, and "combined Gothic and Moorish design with Judaic ornament: pointed-arched windows, a roundel with a Star of David in colored glass, and a gabled parapet". The stoop, railing and clapboard siding were originally wood; the porch was later redone in brick with an iron railing, and the siding was covered with stucco. The facade was tripartite, consisting of a large central entrance-way and two smaller flanking towers. The basement was used for classes, including Hebrew lessons for Bar Mitzvah boys. A later addition on the same lot was a "mikveh" (ritual bath). The porch was later redone in brick with an iron railing, and the siding was covered with stucco. The latter, however, created problems; the stucco retained moisture, damaging the underlying wood.
Yeshiva.
At one time the congregation opened an associated yeshiva on 53rd Avenue. It closed in the 1970s, and was converted into a music studio and residence. The American entertainer Madonna lived there in 1979 and 1980.
Changing demographics.
Corona's Orthodox community once had four synagogues. The demographics of the neighborhood changed over the decades, with successive immigrant waves first of Italians in the 1930s and 40s, then Hispanics, then blacks. Most Jews moved to Long Island in the 1970s. While Tifereth Israel still had a large membership in the 1960s, it subsequently dwindled, and by the 1990s the synagogue building had deteriorated and was mostly unused. Along with a bakery, it was one of two original Jewish institutions left in Corona. By 1997, the congregation had little money, and difficulty both paying for necessary repairs, and getting the ten men required for a "minyan".
Bukharan Jews started moving to Corona in the 1990s. Five Bukharan Jewish families moved to LeFrak City in 1991; this number had grown to over 500 by 1995, and nearby apartment buildings held hundreds more. Bukharan Jews began worshiping at Tifereth Israel in the mid-1990s, holding their own services in the synagogue basement. Despite the fact that Tifereth Israel was an Ashkenazi synagogue, and the Bukharan Jews followed Sephardic law and customs, the groups initially co-existed peacefully. Conflict arose, however, in the spring of 1997, after Amnun Khaimov arrived as the Bukharans' rabbi. According to then-synagogue-president, 82-year-old Benjamin Fried, "They came and wanted to take the place over". Tifereth Israel's members wanted the Bukharans to help pay for the synagogue's upkeep, but Khaimov said that Bukharans were poor and could not afford to do so. Irwin Goldstein, who in 1997 had been Tifereth Israel's cantor for eight years, felt that "the rabbi's overwhelming presence, and followers, threatento drown what remain[ed of the Ashkenazic tradition at the synagogue". They believed that the Bukharans were hoping to start praying in the main sanctuary, relegating Tifereth Israel's members to the basement. Questions were also raised about Khaimov himself; all agreed he was qualified as a ritual slaughterer, but some doubted his rabbinic credentials. Yitzchak Yehoshua, the Chief Rabbi of the Bukharan Rabbinical Council of America, stated "I think he is a good butcher maybe, but he is no rabbi".
Fried began giving them access to the synagogue only on Shabbat and the Jewish holidays, and locking them out otherwise. In response, Violet Milne, a synagogue member and Holocaust survivor, filed lawsuits in the Greater Queens Rabbinical Court and the State Supreme Court on behalf of the Bukharans. The Rabbinical Court ruled that the synagogue had to remain open to all worshipers, and any available money must be used for repairs; on September 24, the State Supreme Court upheld that ruling. Khaimov and his congregation took over the synagogue.
Building deterioration and renovation.
The Sacred Sites program of the New York Landmarks Conservancy began working with the synagogue in 1999. It granted Tifereth Israel $4,700 to conduct an exterior and interior survey, and $10,000 in 2002 for exterior repairs. Though its appearance had changed considerably since it was constructed in 1911, according Sacred Sites director Ann Friedman, the building was "a time capsule that is beautifully intact and in an unexpected place where there is new construction and housing all around". She stated that the Conservancy has also "paired the synagogue with a hotel developer who had been instrumental in restoring several upper West Side synagogues, and he just sent them $5,000 for their roof." The Queens Historical Society labeled it a "Queensmark" in 1999, and the synagogue building and rabbi's residence were added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21, 2002, the first synagogue in Queens to be listed.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission designated it as a city landmark in February 2008. One of two synagogues left in Corona, its interior was "substantially intact", and a number of its "distinctive architectural features" remained, "including its original windows, decorative wood ornament, and Moorish pressed metal details". By this time, however, the building had further deteriorated; it had termites, it leaked, the paint was peeling, and in January 2008 the basement ceiling collapsed. Friedman estimated exterior repairs alone would cost $1.4 million. The congregation had been allocated over $1 million by both New York City and New York State, including $700,000 capital funding from the Borough President's Office, and a $200,000 matching State grant. Legal issues impeded its ability to collect them, because it was a privately owned, religious non-profit organization. At the time, the rabbi's wife estimated that the congregation had 50 member families.
In 2010, according to the Conservancy, it had provided the synagogue with "$30,000 in direct grants and an additional $100,000 in pass-through funding". Funding had also been secured from the "State Environmental Protection Fund, The New York Community Trust and the families of Ronald and Leonard Lauder". It described the building as a "rare survival" of New York's wooden, vernacular synagogue architecture, A $275,000 gift from philanthropist Arnold Goldstein enabled the commencement of $1.5 million in restoration work. The Conservancy stated the restoration would "remove the present stucco coating and restore the original wood clapboard siding, wood windows and doors, Moorish-style metal domes and finials, and historic paint colors to this important building, returning it to its appearance of a century ago". Tifereth Israel's building is the oldest structure built as a synagogue in Queens, and it is the oldest synagogue building in Queens continuously used for worship.

</doc>
<doc id="20873924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873924" title="Van Winitsky">
Van Winitsky

Van Winitsky (born March 12, 1959, in Miami, Florida), is a former professional tennis player from the United States. 
Winitsky enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 9 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 11 times. Partnering Fritz Buehning in doubles, Winitsky finished runner-up at the 1983 US Open. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 7 in 1984. His career-high singles ranking was World No. 35, which he reached February 8, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20873934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873934" title="Li Fan (Tang Dynasty)">
Li Fan (Tang Dynasty)

Li Fan (李藩) (754 – November 20, 811), courtesy name Shuhan (叔翰), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xianzong.
Background.
Li Fan was born in 754, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was part of the prominent Li clan of Zhao Prefecture (趙州, in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) — not part of the same clan as the Tang Dynasty's imperial Li clan, but which is considered one of the five most prominent Han clans of Northern Wei. It traces its ancestry to the prominent Warring States period State of Zhao general Li Mu whilst the line includes officials of the Qin Dynasty, the Han Dynasty, Cao Wei (a country of the Three Kingdoms period), the Jin Dynasty (265-420), the Former Yan or Later Yan, the Northern Wei, the Northern Qi, the Sui Dynasty, and the Tang Dynasty. Li Fan's great-grandfather Li Zhiyuan (李至遠) served as a deputy minister and prefect during the reign of Wu Zetian (r.690-705), whilst his grandfather Li She (李畬) served as a supervisorial official at the Ministry of Rites during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. Both Li Zhiyuan and Li She were known for their virtuosity.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Li Fan's father Li Cheng (李承) served as a circuit governor during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong's great-grandson Emperor Dezong. Li Fan himself was said to be quiet, careful, attentive to his appearance, and studious in his youth. When Li Cheng died in 783, he left Li Fan substantial wealth. When relatives arrived to mourn Li Cheng, he allowed to take things as they wished, and thereafter continued to be charitable with the wealth; within several years, the wealth that Li Cheng left was spent, and the household was poor. When Li Fan was in his 40s, he was not yet serving as an official, and he was studying at Yang Prefecture (揚州, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu). He did not even have enough money for his household's use. He was much resented by his wife as a result, but he did not mind this.
When Du Ya (杜亞) served as the defender of the eastern capital Luoyang, as he had been friendly with Li Cheng, he invited Li Fan to serve as a secretary under him. While Li Fan served under Du, there was an occasion when there was a major robbery at Luoyang. False accusations were laid against Du's officer Linghu Yun (令狐運), and Du believed the accusations, tortured Linghu, and extracted a confession. Li Fan knew that Linghu was innocent and argued on his behalf; when his arguments were rejected, he resigned. When the real robber, Song Jutan (宋瞿曇), was eventually captured, Li Fan became famous.
Later, Zhang Jianfeng the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Xusihao Circuit (徐泗濠, headquartered in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu) invited Li to serve on his staff. In or before 800, when Zhang grew ill, one of his subordinates, Du Jian (杜兼) the prefect of one of Xusihao's prefectures, Hao Prefecture (濠州, in modern Chuzhou, Anhui), was plotting to succeed Zhang, and therefore, without Zhang's orders, arrived at Xusihao's capital Xu Prefecture (徐州). Li rebuked him and stated that if Du did not return to Hao Prefecture immediately, he would report this to the imperial government; Du, in fear, did so. When Zhang died in spring 800, the imperial government initially was set to commission Wei Xiaqing (韋夏卿) to succeed him, but the Xu Prefecture forces rebelled and supported Zhang's son Zhang Yin (張愔) as his successor. After forces commanded by Du You the military governor of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered at Yang Prefecture) and Zhang Pi (張伾) the prefect of Si Prefecture (泗州, in modern Huai'an, Jiangsu) were both defeated by Xu Prefecture troops, the imperial government capitulated and allowed Zhang Yin to become military prefect (團練使, "Tuanlianshi") of Xu Prefecture but took the other two prefectures and merged them into Huainan Circuit.
Thereafter, Li left Xu Prefecture and returned to Yang Prefecture. Du Jian, angry at how he felt Li took away his chance to control Xusihao, submitted an accusation to Emperor Dezong accusing Li Fan of having encouraged the rebellion of the Xu Prefecture troops. Emperor Dezong, in anger, issued an edict to Du You ordering him to execute Li. Du You, however, did not have the heart to do so. He showed the edict to Li, who indicated that he did not fear death. Du You, however, submitted a petition defending Li. Emperor Dezong, still not believing Li's faithfulness, summoned him to the capital Chang'an to meet him personally. After meeting Li, due to Li's relaxed attitude and elegance, concluded that Li was not guilty of treason, made him "Mishu Lang" (秘書郎), an official at the archival bureau (秘書省, "Mishu Sheng").
At that time, the official Wang Chun (王純) was powerful, and he tried to invite Li to a meeting, intending to promote Li if Li showed submission, but Li refused to meet him. Meanwhile, Li's fellow junior officials Wang Zhongshu (王仲舒), Wei Chengji (韋成季), and Lü Dong (呂洞) were then having many associates and often met to drink. They knew of Li's reputation and invited him to join them. He joined them once but, disliking how they gamed and used frivolous language, refused to join them again. Li later became "Zhuke Yuanwailang" (主客員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of rites (禮部, "Lǐbu"), and yet later became "Yousi Yuanwailang" (右司員外郎), a low-level official under one of the secretaries general at the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng").
During Emperor Shunzong's reign.
In 805, Emperor Dezong died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Shunzong. When Emperor Shunzong, in turn, created his son Li Chun crown prince. While Li Chun was not yet emperor, Wang Chun nevertheless changed his name to Wang Shao (王紹) to observe naming taboo, and the popular sentiment at the time believed that it was inappropriate for him to have done so — as Li Chun was not emperor. Li Fan, however, opined, "Every dynasty in history was undermined by those officials who did not understand what is important. What Wang Shao did was not unusual."
During Emperor Xianzong's reign.
Later in 805, Emperor Shunzong, who was severely ill, passed the throne to Li Chun (as Emperor Xianzong). Li Fan was soon made "Libu Yuanwailang" (吏部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, Lìbu, note different tone than the ministry of rites), and then promoted to "Libu Langzhong" (吏部郎中), a supervisorial official at the ministry of civil service affairs. He was in charge of commissioning low-level officials, but on one occasion, he, after being misled by his messengers, was said to have made inappropriate commissions. He was thereafter demoted to be "Zhuzuo Lang" (著作郎), a supervisorial official at the archival bureau. He later was made the deputy principal of the imperial university (國子從業, "Guozi Congye"), and then imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong"). As part of his duties, he reviewed drafts of imperial edicts. Whenever he saw what he believed to be improprieties in the edicts, he would write his comments on the yellow paper used for edict itself. When the officials in charge requested that, instead of doing so, he write on white paper and attach it to the draft edict, he responded, "Then I would be writing a petition, not correcting the edict." The chancellor Pei Ji often recommended Li as having the abilities to be a chancellor.
In 809, as Emperor Xianzong believed that Zheng Yin was too silent to be chancellor, he removed Zheng and made Li "Menxia Shilang" (門下侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng"), and chancellor "de facto" with the title "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). It was said that Li was open in his talks, hiding nothing from what he knew, and was much respected by Emperor Xianzong. Later in 809, based on the recommendations of Li and Pei, Emperor Xianzong entered into a peace treaty with Tufan.
In 810, there was an occasion when Emperor Xianzong and the chancellors talked about gods and pondered whether they existed. Li, guessing that Emperor Xianzong was beginning to ponder whether to follow alchemists' suggestions to take various medications to seek immortality, pointed out that Qin Shi Huang and Emperor Wu of Han both failed in their trying to achieve immortality, and that Emperor Xianzong's ancestor Emperor Taizong had fallen ill from such medicines. Li advised Emperor Xianzong to seek peace in the realm and refuse the alchemists' overtures, stating to Emperor Xianzong that he would achieve the lifespan of the mythical Emperor Yao and Emperor Shun if he did so. Li also advocated frugality.
Also in 810, Wang E (王鍔) was set to be commissioned as the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi), and wanted an honorary chancellor title, so he bribed many of Emperor Xianzong's close associates. Emperor Xianzong thus issued a secret edict to Li and fellow chancellor Quan Deyu ordering that Wang E be given the honorary chancellor title. Li drafted such an edict and then crossed out the words "and chancellor" in Wang's commission to show his opposition. Quan, who also opposed Wang's commission, was nevertheless dismayed and stated, "You can oppose it, but how is crossing out the words on the edict appropriate?" Li responded, "This is urgent. If the edict were issued, then it cannot be retracted. The sun is setting. How can we have enough time to oppose it?" After Li's and Quan's oppositions were heard by Emperor Xianzong, the matter of giving Wang the honorary chancellor title was dropped.
Late in 810, Pei resigned on account of illness, and in spring 811, Li Jifu was made chancellor to replace Pei, over Li Fan's opposition. Li Jifu thus resented Li Fan. After he arrived at Chang'an, while meeting Emperor Xianzong, he argued that, during the time that Li Fan was chancellor and following the death of Wu Shaocheng, it was inappropriate that the warlord Wu Shaoyang was allowed to inherit the military governorship of Zhangyi Circuit (彰義, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan). It was said that Li Jifu's argument caused Emperor Xianzong to be displeased, and, several days later, Li Fan was removed as chancellor and made the head of the household of Emperor Xianzong's son and crown prince, Li Ning. Several months later, Emperor Xianzong began to miss Li Fan and summoned him to have discussions with him. In 811, Li Fan was made the prefect of Hua Prefecture (華州, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), but before he could depart Chang'an, he died and was given posthumous honors. The popular comment at the time was that he was not as capable as Pei and not as stern as Wei Guanzhi, but that he was nevertheless admired for his integrity.

</doc>
<doc id="20873960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873960" title="Password Change Notification Service">
Password Change Notification Service

The Microsoft Password Change Notification Service (PCNS) enables synchronization of password changes in Active Directory to Microsoft Identity Integration Server (MIIS 2003), ILM 2007 and FIM 2010 or the Microsoft Enterprise Single Sign-On Service (ENTSSO). These components simplify password management in organizations with multiple user Digital identity repositories.
Implementation Requirements.
The "Password Change Notification" filter and service components must be installed on all Domain Controllers in an Active Directory domain that is synchronizing with the configured targets. If the "Password Change Notification Service" is not installed and running on a domain controller, then any password changes that originate on that domain controller will not be synchronized
Monitoring.
Microsoft Operations Manager MOM "(System Center Operations Manager)" Pack is available to establish monitoring of the events thrown by "PCNS"

</doc>
<doc id="20873965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873965" title="Salt Lake Cutoff">
Salt Lake Cutoff

The Salt Lake Cutoff is one of the many shortcuts (or cutoffs) that branched from the California, Mormon and Oregon Trails in the United States. It led northwest out of Salt Lake City, Utah and north of the Great Salt Lake for about before rejoining the California trail near the City of Rocks, Idaho. From there Oregon Trail travelers could easily travel down the Raft River valley portion of the California Trail to return to the Oregon Trail. It provided a way to stop in Salt Lake City (the only significant city on the trail then) for repairs, fresh supplies, fresh livestock etc.. In later years it was used by tens of thousands of pioneers and miners going east and west on their way to or from the future states of California, Oregon, Utah, Idaho, Montana, Nevada or Washington.
See: NPS California Trail Map for route
History.
Samuel J. Hensley, returning to California in the summer of 1848, led a pack train of ten men on a quest to get back to the California Trail. After trying Hastings Route south of the Great Salt Lake and finding the salt flats too soft (heavy rains that year) for passage he returned to Salt Lake City and discovered a route, north of the Great Salt Lake. His newly blazed trail (cutoff) went from Salt Lake City back to the Oregon Trail and/or California Trail and joined the California-Oregon near the City of Rocks, Idaho-- about north of today's Utah-Idaho border. This became known as the Salt Lake Cutoff and was about the same distance as the Fort Hall, Snake River, Raft River, City of Rocks route which it by-passed.
On the Humboldt River portion of the California Trail route, Hensley met and talked with a party of former Mormon Battalion personnel consisting of 45 men and one woman under Samuel Thompson driving wagons east on the California Trail to rejoin their families in Utah. On September 15, 1848 they found the junction of Hensley's pack trail near the rock formation called the Twin Sisters. Thompson's group with wagons followed Hensley's pack trail back to Salt Lake City—converting it into a passable wagon road. Thompson's company traveled southeast into northern Utah, crossing Deep Creek near present-day Snowville, Utah. They found plentiful water and grass on the route just as Hensley had told them. With some difficulty they crossed the Malad River and the Bear River still traveling south east. They then went to the tiny community of Ogden, Utah where they crossed the Weber River before traveling on to Salt Lake City. Ebenezer Brown, leading a party from the 1846 Mormon ship "Brooklyn", followed them three weeks later and helped to further define the trail. Word spread quickly that a good road with good grass and water was known out of Salt Lake City back to the California or Oregon Trail.
When the gold-crazy emigrants of 1849 heard of this new route to the California gold fields, many thousands detoured to Salt Lake City to get new supplies and livestock. In Utah, ferries charging a few dollars per wagon were established at the Weber, Bear River and the Malad River in 1849 and later. An estimated 10,000 to 15,000 California or Oregon-bound immigrants a year passed through Salt Lake City between 1849 and 1852. Thousands more followed every year before 1869 and the Transcontinental Railroad completion.

</doc>
<doc id="20873966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873966" title="Emile Fritz">
Emile Fritz

Emile Fritz, Jr. was an American football player. Fritz was selected in the thirteenth round of the 1947 NFL Draft.
In the late 1930s, Fritz attended Vanderbilt University, where he played on the football team as a guard. He then served overseas in the United States military for 25 months, before enrolling again in college, this time at the University of Maryland. At Maryland in 1945, Fritz played under the legendary head coach, Paul "Bear" Bryant, who had been an assistant coach for Fritz at Vanderbilt before the war.
In 1946, the Associated Press named Fritz an honorable mention All-American.
Fritz was selected in the thirteenth round of the 1947 NFL Draft (115 overall) by the Chicago Bears.
At Maryland, Fritz was a member of the Delta Phi chapter of the Sigma Nu fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="20874005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874005" title="Certified Fire Protection Specialist">
Certified Fire Protection Specialist

The Certified Fire Protection Specialist (CFPS) is a certification provided by the Certified Fire Protection Specialist Board. The board was formed in 1971 and in 1998 partnered with the National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) to offer the professional certification. The purpose of the certification is to document and recognize an individual's knowledge of fire protection, fire prevention, and fire safety.

</doc>
<doc id="20874011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874011" title="JOSM">
JOSM

JOSM (Java OpenStreetMap Editor) is an editor for OpenStreetMap data. It does not require an Internet connection while editing, and is suited for the needs of advanced users. , JOSM is the second-most popular way of editing OpenStreetMap, with about about 40% of the edits to the database contributed using the software.
The software was originally developed by Immanuel Scholz. , the project is maintained by Dirk Stöcker.

</doc>
<doc id="20874026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874026" title="Duncan Canal (volcanic field)">
Duncan Canal (volcanic field)

Duncan Canal is a volcanic field located in the middle of the Alaska Panhandle, United States. It contains pahoehoe and aa lava flows overlying glacial till at Kupreanof Island. Basaltic lava flows within the Duncan Canal volcanic field are both subaerial and submarine.

</doc>
<doc id="20874027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874027" title="Arrester">
Arrester

Arrester may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20874044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874044" title="Experimental forest">
Experimental forest

An experimental forest, or experimental range, as defined by the United States Forest Service, is "an area administered ... 'to provide for the research necessary for the management of the land.'"
Size and relation to other areas.
According to the USFS, "Most Experimental Forests are large enough to contain significant stream systems and several dozen contain experimental watershed study sites with multiple paired basins." Individual experimental forests range from in area. Experimental forests are distinguished from research natural areas and intensive monitoring sites.
History.
The present system of 80 experimental forests and ranges began in 1908. Many experimental forest are more than 50 years old. The system provides places for long-term science and management studies in major vegetation types of the of public land administered by the Forest Service.

</doc>
<doc id="20874060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874060" title="Basse Casamance National Park">
Basse Casamance National Park

Basse Casamance National Park, located near Oussouye in Ziguinchor, is one of six national parks in Senegal. It is currently closed.
History.
The park was created in 1970.
Characteristics.
It encompasses an area of 5000 hectares.
The main biotopes are Guinean forests and savannah woodlands.
Fauna.
There are 200 species of birds and 50 species of mammals, including African Forest Buffalo, leopard, Campbell's Mona Monkey, Prince Demidoff's Bushbaby, and Western Red Colobus.
Tourism.
The site is located 20 kilometers from Cap Skirring Airport.
Because of the Casamance Conflict, the park, possibly mined, has been closed to visitors for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="20874072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874072" title="The Rebel (1993 film)">
The Rebel (1993 film)

The Rebel is a 1993 Italian drama film, originally released as based on the novel 'Storia di Enza', which was written and adapted by the film's director, Aurelio Grimaldi. It stars Spanish actress Penélope Cruz. It also features Stefano Dionisi, Lorenza Indovina and Marco Leonardi. In Italian, the language the film was originally released in, the film is titled La Ribelle.
Plot summary.
Enza, 16, a drop out, is arrested with her older sister, Rosaria, for shoplifting. They're sent to a reformatory run by hard-nosed nuns. The girls tease Enza because she's a virgin. So, on the first Sunday she's allowed a pass, she goes to bed with Sebastiano, a young street vendor who chats her up. Enza thinks it's love, but when the authorities ask him if he wants her to live with him, he says no. On her next visit home, Enza meets Franchino. He seems nicer and passes her test: he sleeps beside her but keeps his hands off. This must be love, she thinks. Then, through her sister, she sees another side of Franchino. Now pregnant, Enza has major, long-term decisions to make.

</doc>
<doc id="20874089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874089" title="John Bernard Riley">
John Bernard Riley

John Bernard Riley (b June 11, 1954, Aberdeen, MD) is an American jazz drummer, a music educator – at the collegiate and conservatory levels — and a music clinician. Riley has performed with Woody Herman, Stan Getz, Milt Jackson, Miles Davis, Dizzy Gillespie, John Scofield, Bob Mintzer, Gary Peacock, Mike Stern, Joe Lovano, Franck Amsallem, the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra, the Carnegie Hall Jazz Band, John Patitucci, and Bob Berg.
Life.
Early education.
Riley began playing drums at age eight, after receiving a snare drum as a gift. In the biographies provided to the media, Riley acknowledges the early support of his parents, John and Mary Ann. While attending fourth grade in Scotch Plains, New Jersey, Riley began studying percussion privately with Thomas Sicola, Jr. (b. Mar. 1944), who, at that time, was a recent graduate of the New York College of Music (bachelor of music) and a music teacher in the nearby Cranford Township Public Schools.
While studying with Sicola, Riley gained control of the snare drum through work on the rudiments ("beats of the day"), reading, and coordination — both in the classical and jazz idioms. Sicola trained John on a variety of traditional percussion instruments, including xylophone, timpani, and drum kit. At age twelve, Riley began playing in rock bands and heard his first jazz recordings: (i) the soundtrack to "The Gene Krupa Story" and (ii) Max Roach's "Conversation". Two years later, he played his first professional gig, which he obtained through an audition played over the telephone. Riley began studying with Joe Morello in 1971 after meeting him at a drum symposium.
Riley graduated from Scotch Plains-Fanwood High School in 1971 and enrolled at the University of North Texas.
Sicola has since retired and is now is a Deacon at Our Lady of the Mount Roman Catholic Church in Warren, New Jersey.
College.
Riley studied music at the University of North Texas College of Music, where he was introduced to a larger world of music and percussion. While there, he played, toured, and recorded "Lab 76" with the One O'Clock Lab Band. "Lab 76" was nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Jazz Performance by a Big Band." Jazz drummer Paul Guerrero had been one of his influential teachers at North Texas.
New York.
Riley moved to New York City in September 1976 and in 1978 became a member of Woody Herman Band. Following that experience, John began freelancing with a wide spectrum of world-class musicians including Stan Getz, Milt Jackson, Miles Davis, Dizzy Gillespie, John Scofield, Bob Mintzer, Gary Peacock, Mike Stern, Joe Lovano, the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra, the Carnegie Hall Jazz Band, John Patitucci, Bob Berg, and many others. Riley had been subbing for Mel Lewis in the Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra. When Lewis died in 1990, the orchestra decided to continue as the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra and Riley became its permanent drummer, a chair he has held for years.
Discography.
2001 †
, 2006 †
, 2010 
(2010) 

</doc>
<doc id="20874092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874092" title="Aliso Creek">
Aliso Creek

Aliso Creek ("Aliso" is Spanish for "Alder") is the name of several places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20874096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874096" title="Sean Bobbitt">
Sean Bobbitt

Sean Francis Bobbitt, B.S.C. (born 29 November 1958) is an American-born British cinematographer. 
Early Life.
Sean Bobbitt was born in Corpus Christi, Texas on November 29, 1958. 
Career.
In 2008, Bobbitt worked with artist-turned-director Steve McQueen on British film "Hunger", a hard-hitting film about the Northern Irish hunger striker, Bobby Sands. With this film Bobbitt, McQueen, editor Joe Walker and actor Michael Fassbender formed a collaborative award-winning team that have gone on to make a further two films, "Shame" and "12 Years a Slave". Bobbitt won a BIFA in 2008 for his work on "Hunger". He was again nominated in 2011 for "Shame", starring Academy Award nominee Carey Mulligan alongside Fassbender. In 2012, Bobbitt won the Carlo Di Palma European Cinematographer of the Year Award at the European Film Awards for his work on "Shame".
Also in 2012, Bobbitt completed filming on "The Place Beyond the Pines", which stars Ryan Gosling, Bradley Cooper, Eva Mendes and Ray Liotta, a film starring Saoirse Ronan, Gemma Arterton and Jonny Lee Miller called "Byzantium", and he concluded five years of working on Michael Winterbottom drama-film "Everyday". In early 2013, he completed work on "Oldboy", the Spike Lee-directed American remake of the 2003 South Korean film of the same name.
Awards and nominations.
Bobbitt was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography for his work on "12 Years a Slave". 

</doc>
<doc id="20874109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874109" title="Lloyd Chandler">
Lloyd Chandler

Lloyd Chandler (1896–1978) was an American Appalachian Folk musician and Free Will Baptist preacher from Madison County, North Carolina. 
Recent research has claimed that Chandler is the writer of "O, Death", a song featured on the acclaimed "O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack". Ralph Stanley won a Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance for his rendition of this song. 
Indiana University Press' "The Journal of Folklore Research" features articles in an 2004 issue asserting that "O, Death" is Chandler's song "A Conversation with Death", which he performed for several years while preaching in Appalachia. 
One of the articles is from folklorist Carl Lindahl, who researched claims from Western North Carolina that "O Brother's" "O, Death" is Chandler's composition. The article states that Chandler authored the song after a vision from God in 1916. Lindahl also chronicles his unsuccessful research in trying to find any trace of the song before Chandler's version, debunking previous claims that the song traces back to a 16th-century British composition. The other article is from Chandler's daughter-in-law, Barbara, who asserts that "O, Death" was based on Chandler's composition.
"A Conversation with Death" appears on Rounder Records 1975 release "High Atmosphere: Ballads and Banjo Tunes from Virginia and North Carolina", a collection of recordings made by John Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="20874111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874111" title="Cottonwood Butte">
Cottonwood Butte

Cottonwood Butte is a mountain and modest ski area in north central Idaho, west of nearby Cottonwood. Its summit elevation is above sea level and is the highest point on the Camas Prairie, above Cottonwood.
Ski area.
The ski lift unloads about below the summit at , yielding a vertical drop of . The slopes are on the northeast flank of the mountain, served by two surface lifts: a T-bar and a rope tow. The average snowfall is .
The ski area was established in 1967, although skiing had previously taken place on the mountain with portable ski tows. 
The area operates from 10 am to 4 pm on weekends and holidays, and Friday nights (6-10 pm) in January.
Radar station.
During the Cold War, the mountain was the site of Cottonwood Air Force Station, an early warning radar installation of the U.S. Air Force. Construction of the station began in 1956 and it went operational in early 1959. The radar tower was at the summit and the cantonment of the station was at , about a mile (1.6 km) below the present base of the ski area on Radar Road. The 27-unit family housing area was built in the city of Cottonwood, on Butte Drive in the north end. The radar was significantly upgraded with a new tower in 1962, but the station was obsolete within three years and was deactivated. The buildings of Cottonwood AFS became a Job Corps center in 1965, supervised by the U.S. Forest Service.
Correctional facility.
After nine years, the Job Corps center was transferred to the state of Idaho in 1974, and was converted to the minimum-security North Idaho Correctional Institution.
The state department of lands built a fire lookout at the summit, which also supports various communications towers.

</doc>
<doc id="20874112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874112" title="James Simon Kunen">
James Simon Kunen

James Simon Kunen (born 1948) is an American author, journalist and lawyer. He is best known as the author of "The Strawberry Statement", a first-person documentary of the Columbia University protests of 1968.
Biography.
James Simon Kunen was an alumnus of Phillips Academy. He attended Columbia University during the 1968 student protests and participated in the student sit-in at the institution's Hamilton Hall, resulting in his arrest for trespassing. This experience led him to write "The Strawberry Statement", documenting the university's controversial involvement with the government's Institute for Defense Analyses.
After graduating from Columbia, he became a field journalist from Vietnam for TRUE magazine. This experience led to his second published work, "Standard Operating Procedure."
Afterward, he graduated from the New York University School of Law and moved to Washington, D.C., where he became a public defender. His experiences in criminal courts led to his writing ""How Can You Defend Those People?"", which was published by Random House in 1983.
After leaving the Public Defender Service in Washington, Kunen worked as an editorial page editor at Newsday on Long Island before joining PEOPLE magazine as a writer and editor. His coverage for PEOPLE of the nation's worst drunk driving crash spurred him to write his fourth book, "Reckless Disregard: Corporate Greed, Government Indifference and the Kentucky School Bus Crash".
Kunen has also written articles for "The New Yorker", "People", "Newsday", and "New York Times Magazine", among other notable publications.
After losing employment with Time Warner as Director of Communications, after working with them for two decades, he wrote a book called "Diary of a Company Man: Losing a Job: Finding Life," published in January 2012.
Personal life.
Kunen is married to Lisa Karlin, a radio journalist and social worker. They reside in Brooklyn, New York and have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20874130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874130" title="Dead space">
Dead space

Dead space may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20874146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874146" title="Russell Doolittle">
Russell Doolittle

Russell F. Doolittle (born 1931) is an American biochemist at the University of California, San Diego whose research focuses on the structure and evolution of proteins. Born in Connecticut, he earned a B.A. in Biology from Wesleyan University in 1952, and an M.A. in Education from Trinity College in 1957. He earned his Ph.D in biochemistry at Harvard University in 1962 with research in blood clotting. He has done postdoctoral research in Sweden funded by the National Institutes of Health.
Notably he co-developed the hydropathy index, and was instrumental in determining the structure of fibrinogen. He has been a member of the National Academy of Sciences since 1984, was a Guggenheim Fellow and is a co-recipient of the Paul Ehrlich Prize. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1985. In addition, he has calculated the date of the divergence of all life forms from a common ancestor. In 2006, Doolittle was awarded the John J. Carty Award from the National Academy of Sciences.
He is a critic of creationism and intelligent design and has accused Michael Behe, an ID proponent, of misquoting his work.

</doc>
<doc id="20874155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874155" title="Akihiro Sakata">
Akihiro Sakata

Career statistics.
Last update: 27 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20874176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874176" title="Kota Fujimoto">
Kota Fujimoto

Career statistics.
Last update: "27 January 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="20874191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874191" title="Sarah Jo Pender">
Sarah Jo Pender

Sarah Jo Pender is an American woman convicted along with her former boyfriend, Richard Edward Hull, of murdering their roommates, Andrew Cataldi and Tricia Nordman, on October 24, 2000 in Indiana. She came to national attention in August 2008 after she escaped from the Rockville Correctional Facility and was featured on America's Most Wanted. She was recaptured in December 2008.
Crime.
Sarah Jo Pender, then 21, was a graduate from Lawrence Central High School in 1997. She worked as a secretary at Carl E. Most and Sons. 
Richard Hull, her boyfriend, worked as a bouncer at a bar. He had a criminal history that included six misdemeanors and two felony convictions for auto theft and for residential entry.
Andrew Cataldi, 24, and Tricia Nordman, 25, were both fugitives from a Nevada Correctional Facility where Nordman served time on a forgery conviction and Cataldi on a possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine conviction.
According to the police, Richard Hull and Andrew Cataldi reportedly sold drugs from their place, a fact confirmed by Hull himself.
The murder.
According to neighbor Jana Frederick, tensions had been growing for three weeks between the couples as Richard Hull and Andrew Cataldi often had arguments. At some point before the murders, Richard Hull, who couldn't legally purchase a firearm because of his record, sought to buy one from Frederick's boyfriend's son. When that didn't work, he turned to Sarah Pender, who he convinced to buy a weapon for him. In the morning of October 24, 2000, Hull drove Pender to a local Walmart where the clerk who handled the sale of the 12 gauge shotgun used for the murder saw Hull pick out the ammunition and bring it to the counter, where Pender paid for it. The couple then went for an outing with Pender's parents and came home around 11 p.m. Sarah Pender left the place shortly after to take a walk in the neighborhood.
According to Richard Hull, while Pender was away, an argument broke out over money Hull's sister, Tabitha, owed to Cataldi. Cataldi, who knew about the recently purchased shotgun, went into Hull's room and tried to grab the weapon. ""He said he was going to kill my f------ family"" Richard Hull later told detectives. A struggle followed. Hull then shot Cataldi in the chest and Nordman in the chest and in the head.
When Pender came back to the home, both victims were dead and Hull had already loaded one of the bodies in the back of a truck he had borrowed from a friend, Ronnie Herron, on October 23, 2000. He needed it to get stuff out of the basement because he and Cataldi planned to have a chemist from Las Vegas use the place to cook meth. Hull and Pender then drove a few blocks away and dumped the bodies in a dumpster where they were found by Steve Stultz. 
On October 25, 2000, Sarah Pender went to work as usual while Richard Hull borrowed a plug adapter from neighbor Jana Frederick to clean up the blood in the house. On October 26, the couple went to Noblesville to bring the truck back to its owner, whose home Richard Hull used to burn several blood stained items. On the same day, detectives, who had identified the victims, searched Hull and Pender's house. They found traces of blood and noticed that attempts had been made to conceal the murders. Hull was arrested in Noblesville on October 27, 2000 and he confessed to both murders. On October 28, 2000, Sarah Pender turned over a pair of blood stained pants belonging to Hull to the police. DNA testing showed that the blood was that of Tricia Nordman and Andrew Cataldi. No DNA evidence was found that linked Pender to the murders for which both she and her boyfriend were charged. Sarah Pender explained later that ""after he committed these murders, I did not call the police, but instead stayed with him out of love, fear, loyalty and sheer stupidity"".
The trial.
Protagonists.
Sarah Pender went on trial at Marion Superior Court in July 2002. She was represented by attorney James Nave. The judge was Jane Magnus-Simpson. The Prosecutor was Larry Sells. Sells was a Republican candidate who had just been defeated when he ran for office to become Hamilton County Prosecutor. He had campaigned stressing his tough sentencing for criminals. He was favourable to the death penalty and managed to get it on several occasions. He believed that trials should result in convictions in more than 75% of the cases.
Neither Pender nor Hull testified at the trial.
Evidence against Pender.
Citing the fact that Pender had bought the murder weapon on the morning of the murders and that she later helped Hull in disposing of the bodies, Sells told the jury that she had planned the murders and had manipulated Hull into committing them. According to "Indianapolis Star" journalist Vic Ryckaert, Sells ""likened her influence over Hull to the control Manson had over his followers, who committed a string of murders in 1969."" The "female Charles Manson" tag has stuck to Pender ever since.
To prove Pender's guilt, Sells relied chiefly on a letter allegedly sent to Hull by Pender in May 2001 and on the testimony of inmate Floyd Pennington.
In the letter she allegedly wrote to her former boyfriend, the woman took responsibility for the murder. ""I wish I could go back and change the events of that night,"" said the letter. ""Drew was so mean that night. I just snapped. I didn't mean to kill them. It must have been the acid.[...]"When you said you would try to take the blame, I knew then that you loved me deeply. At first I thought you would tell, but you stuck to your promise."" the letter ended with a postscript: ""Destroy this.""
Forensic Document Examiner Lee Ann Harmless testified the letter had been written by Pender.
Defense attorney James Nave said the letter was a fake. he said that Sarah Pender was no ""clever criminal mastermind"" and that the murder ""was not a cleverly planned criminal act. It was an act of the moment."" He argued that Richard Hull had shot Cataldi and Nordman because they were about to cut him out of a big drug deal.
Another piece of evidence presented to the jury was the testimony of fellow inmate Floyd Pennington, who had a pen relationship with Sarah Pender for several months. He testified that Pender had admitted to him her responsibility in the double homicide during a meeting they had arranged on September 22, 2001 at Wishard Hospital.
On August 22, 2002, Sarah Pender was found guilty and sentenced to 110 years in prison. 
Richard Hull pleaded guilty to avoid trial. His line of defense was that he had been influenced by Sarah Pender at the time of the murder, which was considered at the time by the court as a mitigating factor. He received a 130-year sentence.
Controversies.
Over letter.
The only hard piece of evidence presented at Pender's trial as proof of her guilt was the letter that she allegedly wrote on May 16, 2001 and sent to Hull. Hull gave this letter to his attorney who passed it on to Indianapolis detective Kenneth Martinez between September and October 2001. Pender, her lawyers and her supporters have always said that it was manufactured evidence against her by Hull to shift the responsibility of the murder on her. Several elements support this claim.
Over Pennington's testimony.
At the beginning of September 2001, Floyd Pennington was an habitual offender and violent felon waiting for sentencing over robbery. He also had a previous record for Child Molesting, a crime for which he got a five-year sentence in 1989. On September 20, 2001, he met with detective Kenneth Martinez, saying he could arrange a meeting and have Pender admit to him her responsibility for the murders. He had been involved in a correspondence with Pender which totalled at the time 75 letters. This had evolved in a long distance love relationship. After his meeting with detective Kenneth Martinez, he wrote to Sarah Pender at which date she should fake being sick to be sent to Wishard Hospital. On September 22, he faked having a kidney problem and both met as planned at the hospital. On September 28, 2010, Pennington gave a statement according to which he had been able to discuss during three to four hours with Pender. He told that they were left alone for half an hour during which Pender admitted to planning the murder, coercing Hull to kill both Cataldi and Nordman and being present in the house at the time of the murders.
Floyd Pennington was sentenced eleven days after he agreed to testify against Sarah Pender. He was released in 2008 and committed a rape within months. In 2006, Detective Martinez moved to Idaho where he worked for the Ketchum Police Department. In 2008, He had to hand over his resignation following an evidence mishandling scandal.
In 2009, while helping journalist Steve Miller with research on the Sarah Pender case, former prosecutor Larry Sells became aware of the existence of a snitch list written by Floyd Pennington and given to Detective Ken Martinez. On that list, Pennington, who was waiting for sentencing, offered to provide information against 17 different persons besides Pender. He wrote ""I will help to make buys, wear wire, talk on phone taps or whatever I have to do to make busts on all these crimes"". The list, an indication that Pennington was willing to testify against any number of people to get a deal, seriously undermined Pennington's credibility and undermined the prosecution's theory about Pender's guilt. It was never been given to either the defense or the prosecution at the time of Pender's trial. This discovery led Larry Sells to believe that Sarah Pender did not get a fair trial. In an interview to the Indianapolis Star, he explained : ""If I'd have seen that I never would have put Floyd Pennington on the witness stand."" In May 2012, he contacted Bonnie Prosser, Sarah Pender's mother and promised to help her set things right.
According to Joel Schumm, a criminal law professor at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of law, ""If Pennington's testimony was important in convincing her and this list seriously undermined his credibility, a judge may well order a new trial because the verdict would no longer be worthy of confidence.""
Evasion.
Pender escaped from Rockville Correctional Center, a medium-security prison 50 miles west of Indianapolis, on August 4, 2008, with the aid of prison guard Scott Spitler Sr., and former cellmate Jamie Long.
Protagonists.
At the time of Pender's evasion, Scott Spitler had been a corrections officer at Rockville Correctional Facility for 5 years. The previous month, he has been placed in a pre-trial diversion program for a misdemeanor charge of battery. Although he was married and had children, he was also engaged in an on-going relationship with Sarah Pender behind bars.
Jamie Long was 41 years old and married to Larry Long. She had a criminal history of two felonies and 12 to 15 other convictions. Both women had met in 2001 while they were inmates at Marion County Jail. They formed an intimate relationship and Long referred to Pender as her ""wife"" while they served time at the Indiana Women's Prison in Indianapolis. After her release, Long frequently visited Pender.
Circumstances.
In April 2007, Sarah Pender submitted a petition for writ of Habeas Corpus. On September 5, 2008, in a closing judgment, her petition was dismissed. She later wrote: "Once my appeals were , I had no hope left and I chose to create my own justice. I served the equivalent of 21 years of my sentence and I felt that was enough. I escape because I felt justified in doing so."
Jail break.
Sarah Pender reportedly planned her escape in the days or weeks before it happened with a cell-phone provided to her by Prison Guard Scott Spitler. Sarah Jo Pender and Scott Spitler had agreed he would be paid $15000 to help her escape. On August 4, 2008, Sarah Pender went to the facility's gymnasium where she changed clothes, hiding her prison uniform above the ceiling's tiling and putting on civilian clothes that Spitler also had given to her. She then walked toward the fueling area where they had agreed to meet. Spitler told her to get in the van and hide under the seat, which she did. He then drove to the prison's gate where he knew, out of experience, that the guard would not search his vehicle. Spitler dropped off Pender at one of the facility's parking lot, where Jamie Long picked her up, gave her $140 and drove her to Indianapolis. After an inmate count, it appeared that Pender was missing. The Prison was put on maximum security lock down.
After viewing video surveillance tapes and consulting the guardshack log, investigators identified Spitler as Pender's accomplice. He was arrested on August 5, 2008 and charged with assisting a criminal, official misconduct, sexual misconduct and trafficking with an inmate. In February 2009, he was sentenced to 8 years in jail. Jamie Long was arrested on August 7, 2008 after Spitler denounced her to investigators as the person who had picked up Pender. She was charged with aiding an escape, a class C felony, and sentenced to 7 years in jail.
In September 2008, TV show America's Most Wanted began to run a feature on Sarah Pender. In October 2008, Pender was added to the US Marshals 15 most wanted fugitives list. She was the only woman on the list at the time.
In the meantime, Sarah Pender had settled in a North Side Chicago neighborhood where she went under the name "Ashley Thompson". She found a job as an estimator for a contractor.
On December 22, 2008, two hours after a rerun of America's Most Wanted, her neighbor identified her and called the Chicago police, which arrested her at her apartment. Although she denied being Sarah Pender for a little while, she did not resist arrest.
Sarah Pender was held in Solitary Confinement at the Indiana Women's Prison in Indianapolis from december 2008 up to january 30, 2014, for a total of 1870 days.
Sarah Pender's current release date from jail is April 4, 2054 – when she would be 75 years old.
Current Appeals.
In July 2013, Cara Wieneke, Sarah Pender's lawyer, filed a motion with the Marion County prosecutors office, requesting a deal that would free Sarah Pender. If granted, Pender would plead guilty of a class C felony of assisting a criminal, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 8 years. The request was based on the new eveidence that had surfaced : Floyd Pennington's snitch list. Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry refused to sign off on a reduced sentenced. Citing the new evidence, he explained ""If she believes this information justifies a new trial, then their remedy is to file a new post-conviction relief petition." 
Controversy over 2014 denial of request for a new trial.
In october 2013, Cara Wieneke filed a request for a new trial on Pender's Behalf. The request was based on Pennington Snitch list and yet new evidences : a newly discovered second snitch list by Pennington and testimony from a forensic linguist. In february 17th, 2014, the Indiana Court of Appeal denied the request explaining that ""petitioner has failed to establish a reasonable possibility that he is entitled to post conviction relief."" Controversy arose when information surfaced that one of the judge sitting on the reviewing panel was Cale J. Bradford. Bradford had been judge during both of Richard Hull's 2003 and 2005 appeals, raising questions about the court's impartiality in reviewing the request.
"Female Charles Manson" label.
In 2002, during her trial, Marion County Deputy Prosecutor Larry Sells likened Sarah Pender to a ""Female Charles Manson"" to describe her alleged influence over Richard Hull. At the time, this comparison was relayed by the media on several occasions and it has regularly resurfaced since in the online media. Supporters of Sarah Pender claim that this comparison is inappropriate because Sarah Pender did not plan, commit or pressure Richard Hull into murdering Tricia Nordman and Andrew Cataldi. They claim that "even if" Sarah Pender had been involved in planning the murders, the comparison would be grossly exaggerated; Charles Manson was a guru with a juvenile offender record and a psychiatric history who led several members of his sect to commit several murders on several occasions over a period of several months.
In 2008 and during his trial, Scott Spitler explained that he had been manipulated by Sarah Pender. At the time of the escape, Indiana Department of Correction Commissioner Edwin Buss told the media that Pender had ""Manipulated him to the point where had planned his day to get a vehicle inside the facility and take her outside the facility."" Detectives said that she had first seduced, then coerced, Spitler into helping her to escape. Interviewed by America's Most Wanted, Larry Sells said one more time about Pender that ""Lurking within is a dark evil demon [...] she has the ability to seduce people into committing atrocious acts [...] she has a Charles Manson-like ability to manipulate people."" The America's Most Wanted website made a particularly dramatic depiction of Sarah Pender, labeling her a ""cunning and dangerous fugitive"" and asking viewers to call ""before she has the opportunity to kill again."" It said that ""Pender used her body to get what she desired most -- Freedom"" The show talked about ""her manipulative ways"". In a controversial book about Sarah Pender, journalist Steve Miller also compared her to an evil, supernatural being and wrote : ""Vampires, as the lore has it, exist on the essence of others. Sarah Pender was a vampire in the emotional and mental sense."".
Sarah Pender has written that ""the media, including "America's Most Wanted", has selectively used facts in order to manipulate the viewers to believe I am a degenerate, dangerous criminal in return for sensational story and higher ratings under the guise of bringing justice."" Supporters of Sarah Pender claim that Scott Spitler was aware of the media depiction of Sarah Pender and used it to minimize his responsibility. They point out that Spitler did not act out of a misguided love for a "femme fatale" when he helped Sarah Pender to escape Rockville Correctional Facility : he was expecting a $15,000 payment for his services, a fact that the media did not report neither during Pender's escape, nor before or during or after Spitler's trial. Sarah Pender's supporters further point out that the relationship between Pender and Spitler was not an exception at Rockville. Two months after her escape, in October 2008, Roger Heitzman, another correctional officer at Rockville, was arrested by the state police for trafficking and engaging in sex acts with at least one female inmate. Because the case was not high profile, no one claimed Heitzman was a victim manipulated by the inmate involved. Supporters of Sarah Pender finally claim that the Department of Correction had also an interest in exaggerating Pender's abilities in order to minimize media damage and their own responsibilities. The Rockville Correctional Facility's hiring policy had already gotten bad media publicity in February 2008 when it was revealed that mass murderer Steven Kazmierczak had been hired there in 2007 to work as a correctional officer. The fact that the guard posted at the gate did not search Spitler's vehicle on the day of the escape as he should have, Scott Spitler's behaviour, Roger Heitzman's arrest, the hiring of psychopath Steven Kazmierczak are elements that clearly pointed out problems within the institution which, when considered, had little to do with Pender's personality. Supporters of Sarah Pender point out that she committed no violence of any kind in planning or executing her escape.
Supporters of Sarah Pender claim that if anything, far from being manipulative, Sarah Pender has often been used by a variety of people as a convenient scapegoat to elude their own responsibilities in crimes or errors they committed.
Media.
A book on her escape, "Girl, Wanted: The Chase for Sarah Pender", was released June 7, 2011. The book, written by Steve Miller, has been criticized as inaccurate and deliberately quoting key documents in a misleading way. Steve Miller's investigation, however, brought to light Floyd Pennington's Snitch list. According to former prosecutor Larry Sells, reading the book led him to reconsider his position on the fairness of Sarah Jo Pender's 2002 trial.
In April 2011, a Mail-Art Project ""Send us YOUR Hand"" has been launched by Sarah, her family and friends under the organization "Art for Humanity" to raise support and help Pender, who has been in solitary confinement since 2008, to remain connected to the outside world.
On April 1, 2012, her case was profiled on an episode of the Oxygen TV Series ""Snapped"". The TV show features interviews of Sarah Jo Pender and her relatives, as well as those of many persons involved in the case.
Lifetime movie produced a movie based on the Pender case called, ""She Made them Do It"" starring Jenna Dewan Tatum. The movie sparked interest for the Pender case ; the Wikipedia page about Sarah Jo Pender was visited 100 000 times within 3 days of the movie's premiere on the lifetime Network, on December 29, 2012.
On September 22, 2013, the case was featured on the Investigation Discovery show ""Deadline: Crime with Tamron Hall""
On September 26, 2013, she was interviewed on the British documentary "Women Behind Bars with Trevor McDonald".

</doc>
<doc id="20874195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874195" title="Theodor Gangauf">
Theodor Gangauf

Theodor Gangauf (November 1, 1809 – September 15, 1875) was a German Catholic theologian born in Bergen, Bavaria.
He received his ordination in 1833, and in 1836 joined the Benedictine Order in Augsburg. From 1841 until his death in 1875 he was a professor of philosophy at the Lyceum at Augsburg. In the meantime (1851 to 1859), he also served as abbot at St. Stephen's Abbey.
Gangauf was a follower of Anton Günther's philosophical system, and an advocate of Augustinian theology. He was the author of two noted works on St. Augustine:

</doc>
<doc id="20874202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874202" title="Rouyn-Noranda public transit">
Rouyn-Noranda public transit

Rouyn-Noranda public transit (Fr:transport en commun), marketed as L'autobus de ville, provides local bus service in the small city of Rouyn-Noranda in northwestern Quebec, Canada.
Routes.
There are 3 regular scheduled routes and a workers' special that runs only mornings and afternoons.

</doc>
<doc id="20874206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874206" title="Don Gleasner">
Don Gleasner

Donald "Don" Gleasner was an American football player. He played as an end and guard at the University of Maryland. In 1945, his senior year, Maryland was coached by the legendary Bear Bryant. Their penultimate game of the season was in Washington, D.C. against then 13th-ranked and undefeated Virginia (7–0). In the game's final seconds, Gleasner caught a 50–yard pass from tailback Bill Poling for the game-winning touchdown. At Maryland, Gleasner was also member of the Alpha Sigma chapter of the Delta Sigma Phi fraternity where he served as the vice-president. Gleasner was selected in the 28th round of the 1946 NFL Draft (262nd overall) by the Boston Yanks.

</doc>
<doc id="20874210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874210" title="Kazuya Maeda">
Kazuya Maeda

Career statistics.
Last update: 21 March 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20874211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874211" title="Geevarghese Panicker">
Geevarghese Panicker

Rev. Fr. Geevarghese Panicker was a priest and educationalist of Syro-Malankara Catholic Church.
Early life.
Panicker was born on April 1, 1924 at Karichal. His father was K. G. Thomas Panicker and his mother was Achiyamma Thomas Panicker and he was the eledest of seven children.
Panicker is the grand Nephew of the Archbishop Geevarghese Mar Ivanios, the founder of Malankara Catholic Church Mar Ivanios, who is also known as the 'Newman of India'. He completed his higher secondary education under the guidance of Kayinikkara Kumara Pillai. After the school education he joined St. Aloysius Seminary, Trivandrum. He continued the philosophical and theological studies at Papal Seminary, Kandy, Sri Lanka. He was ordained a priest on August 24, 1949. He had his higher studies in Catholic University of America. He took doctorate in English Literature.
Educationalist.
Panicker started his teaching career as a lecturer in Mar Ivanios College. He became the Vice Principal of the college in 1959. And he was the principal of Mar Ivanios College during 1961 - 1979.
Seminary rector.
He was the Rector and President of St. Joseph's Pontifical Institute, Mangalapuzha, Aluva in 1979 - 1985. Then he became the Rector of St. Mary’s Malankara Major Seminary. He was the Dean of Studies of St. Ephrem Ecumenical Research Institute.
Author.
Panicker wrote a number of articles on theology and liturgy. His main works are: "An Historical Introduction to the Syriac Liturgy" (1989), "The Church in the Syriac Tradition" (1990).
Death.
Panicker died on December 28, 2008 at Kollam. His body was interred in Syro-Malankara Catholic Church at Paranthal, Adoor. Moran Mor Baselios Cleemis Catholicos led the funeral service. He was buried near his parents as he requested.

</doc>
<doc id="20874218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874218" title="An Elastic Affair">
An Elastic Affair

An Elastic Affair (1930) is a 10-minute short comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock which features the two winners—Cyril Butcher (1909-1988) as "the Boy" and Aileen Despard (born 1909) as "the Girl"—of a film acting scholarship sponsored by British film magazine "Film Weekly".
The film was shown on 19 January 1930 at a ceremony at the London Palladium at which the two winners were presented with their award, in the form of movie contracts with the film producer John Maxwell of British International Pictures. The film is now considered a lost film.

</doc>
<doc id="20874221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874221" title="Battle of Sio">
Battle of Sio

The Battle of Sio, fought between December 1943 and March 1944, was the break-out and pursuit phase of General Douglas MacArthur's Huon Peninsula campaign, part of the New Guinea campaign of World War II.
Following the defeat of the Japanese in the Battle of Sattelberg, Australian Army forces broke through the Japanese positions around Finschhafen. Constant pressure from US Navy PT boats, Australian land forces and Allied aircraft brought the Japanese logistical system to the brink of collapse, resulting in disease, malnutrition and privation for the Japanese soldiers. Meanwhile the Allied supply system grappled with the problems of terrain and climate, particularly inclement weather and rough monsoonal seas that hampered and occasionally prevented delivery of supplies by sea.
Australian and Papuan troops advanced along the coast of the Huon Peninsula, employing infantry, tanks, and air strikes against the Japanese positions, which were generally sited at creek crossings in the jungle. The advancing infantry kept strictly within range of the supporting artillery, which was liberally employed in the early stages of the operation. Using tactics that exploited the firepower of Australian artillery and armour, the Australian and Papuan troops inflicted heavy and disproportionate casualties on the Japanese as they advanced, ultimately linking up with the American forces at Saidor. Hundreds of Japanese soldiers were killed; thousands more died from disease, malnutrition, exhaustion and suicide. However, the Allies failed to seize the opportunity to completely destroy the Japanese forces.
During the advance, Australian troops captured Japanese cryptographic materials. This would have an important effect on the subsequent course of the war against Japan in the South West Pacific, as it permitted codebreakers in Australia and the United States to read Japanese Army messages on a much greater scale than had been previously possible.
Background.
General Douglas MacArthur's Operation Cartwheel began with spectacular victories in the landing at Lae and the landing at Nadzab but then faltered in the face of inclement weather, unfavourable terrain, and—above all—tenacious and aggressive Japanese opposition on land and in the air. The initiative passed to Major General Hatazō Adachi's Japanese Eighteenth Army which launched a series of counter-attacks against Major General George Wootten's 9th Division in the Battle of Finschhafen. At the Battle of Sattelberg, Wootten finally inflicted a crushing defeat on Adachi.
The Japanese were defeated, but they did not leave the area. Lieutenant General Shigeru Katagiri, the commander of the Japanese 20th Division, ordered the 80th Infantry Regiment to hold the Wareo area to protect the withdrawal of the 79th Infantry Regiment and other units. The 2nd Battalion, 238th Infantry Regiment was to act as a rearguard on the coast. Lieutenant General Frank Berryman, the commander of Australian II Corps, now urged Wootten to commence a coastal advance that would cut the Japanese supply lines and force Adachi to retreat from the Huon Peninsula if he were not already doing so. Wootten took a more cautious approach. The Battle of Wareo proved that the Japanese intended to defend the area. After a fierce fight, Wootten managed to drive the Japanese from the high ground around Sattelberg and Gusika. In early December, Adachi finally ordered all his troops to withdraw to Sio. Wareo was captured by the Australians on 8 December and the last Japanese rearguards left the area on 15 December. Meanwhile, Berryman's coastal advance had commenced on 5 December.
Prelude.
Offensive against the Japanese supply system.
Early in October 1943, a special staff was established at II Corps Headquarters to study the Japanese supply system. It did not include an officer with experience in maintaining a large force over a native carrier line, and therefore took time to realise that the Japanese force could not be maintained over an inland track, as was first assumed. Operations soon confirmed that the Japanese were dependent on a coastal supply line. During the Battle of Sattelberg, the Allies set out to cut this supply line. A three-pronged approach was taken:
By December, the pitiful condition of Japanese prisoners confirmed for the Australians that "the Japanese logistic system was in the final stages of breakdown". Between 9 and 13 December, PT boats sank 23 barges, most of them south of Sio. On 7 January, the PT boats also attacked a submarine. No less than twelve barges were destroyed on the night of 8 January, one of which was loaded with ammunition and another with around 70 troops. On 9 January, PT boats attacked a group of six barges, which attempted to fight back. One barge was seen to sink. Another patrol engaged eight barges and destroyed two. A third patrol found six barges on a beach and destroyed them. Then on 10 January, three PT boats sank three troop-carrying barges, taking one Japanese prisoner. The same night, two barges were also sunk north of Sio Island. When General Berryman saw Vice Admiral Thomas C. Kinkaid on 14 December, he made a point of congratulating him on the work his PT boats were doing.
Lieutenant General Tsutomu Yoshihara, Chief of Staff of the Japanese Eighteenth Army recalled:
Tactics and logistics.
The main Australian advance was by infantry-tank-engineer teams moving along the coastal tracks. Japanese positions were generally sited at creek crossings in the jungle. The advancing infantry kept strictly within range of the supporting artillery, except for short periods during the latter stages of the operation when Japanese opposition was negligible and the difficulty of moving the artillery forward quickly was too great. A secondary outflanking movement would be made inland, over the higher ground, which was usually coral cliffs covered by kunai grass and rising as high as . Since the Japanese intent was to delay rather than fight to the death, a threat to their escape route would usually prompt a withdrawal. When this did not occur, the position was reduced by a combination of manoeuvre and tank, mortar, and artillery fire. During the early part of the advance, some 4,700 rounds were fired in just one day; but during the entire 5th Division advance from Sio to Saidor, only 30 rounds were fired. The advance was made in a series of bounds, the objective of which was usually to secure sheltered beachheads.
Allied supply was entirely by sea. Amphibian scouts from the US 532nd Engineer Boat and Shore Regiment (EBSR) of the US 2nd Engineer Special Brigade, wearing Australian uniforms, advanced with the infantry and reconnoitred beaches from the landward side as they were secured. If a beach looked suitable, a second reconnaissance was made from the sea. Once a beach was selected, a shore party was brought in by landing craft to set up an administrative area. Engineers improved the coastal track to enable supplies to units moving along it to be brought up by jeeps but supplies for units moving inland over the high ground had to be brought by native carriers. Artillery guns were brought forward over the tracks, or else were moved by Landing Craft Mechanised (LCMs) of the 532nd EBSR. Tanks normally moved along the tracks but used LCMs to bypass obstacles. As the advance continued, new beachheads were opened up while rearward ones were closed. The advance was halted on occasion to allow for the guns to be brought forward or sufficient supplies to be accumulated at the forward beachhead.
The major problem was the weather. The monsoon caused rough seas that precluded the use of the small Landing Craft, Vehicle, Personnel (LCVPs) and restricted the operations of the larger LCMs. Because of the extremely rough seas—the most difficult that the 532nd EBSR had ever encountered—most supply missions were by night when tidal conditions were most favourable. Wootten insisted that at least seven days' supplies be available in forward areas in case the weather prevented the LCMs from running. II Corps made available two trawlers, manned by the 1st Water Transport Group, to deliver rations. The Australian Army also moved supplies by DUKWs.
Battle.
Fortification Point.
Wootten designated Brigadier C. R. V. Edgar's 4th Infantry Brigade, a Militia formation, for the initial phase of the coastal advance, reserving his veteran Australian Imperial Force brigades for the Battle of Wareo. The brigade consisted of the 22nd and 29th/46th Infantry Battalions from Victoria and the 37th/52nd Infantry Battalion from Tasmania. Each battalion was allotted a team of advisors from the 9th Division. Under Edgar's command was C Squadron, 1st Tank Battalion, with seven Matilda tanks, 9th Platoon, C Company, Papuan Infantry Battalion, and detachments from the 532nd EBSR, Australian New Guinea Administrative Unit (ANGAU), Australian Army Service Corps (AASC) and Australian Army Medical Corps (AAMC). In support were the sappers of the 2/7th Field Company and the 24 25-pounders of the 2/6th Field Regiment. In case Edgar got into trouble, the 20th Infantry Brigade was in reserve, on six hours notice.
To support the advance, a beach maintenance area was prepared at a beach at the mouth of the Kalueng River, which involved removing underwater and landward obstacles. So that the tanks and jeeps could immediately support the advance, a bridge was required over the Kalueng River. A preliminary operation by the 22nd Infantry Battalion on 3 December 1943 secured a crossing area and a log bridge was constructed. The operation jumped off on 5 December, with the 29th/46th Infantry Battalion passing through the bridgehead established by the 22nd. It soon came under sporadic enemy fire, and a tank was disabled by a land mine. In the face of mounting opposition, the advance was halted near the lagoon. It resumed the next day, and the Japanese withdrew after an artillery bombardment, their orders being "while avoiding any decisive engagement" to "carry out successful resistance to try to delay the enemy advance". This became the pattern, with the Japanese preferring to withdraw rather than suffer heavy casualties. On 10 December, Edgar brought all three of his battalions into the line and by 14 December they were closing in on Lakona, a key position on the 20th Division's retreat route.
The tanks had difficulty keeping up with the advance. One obstacle was mines. On the first day, the 2/7th Field Company lifted fourteen mines but a tractor broke a track running over a mine. On 7 December, two more tanks were damaged by mines, one beyond repair. The sappers then cut a new track which they corduroyed. To support the attack on Lakona, the tanks had to cross a creek with steep coral banks, swollen by a torrential downpour. While efforts were made to bring up a compressor, tanks fired into banks and holes were packed with explosives and detonated. On the evening of 16 December, the infantry were joined by five Matilda tanks, and the Japanese positions were overrun. Some 47 Japanese dead were counted; another 17 were killed in mopping-up operations the next day. On 20 December, aided by four Matilda tanks and 750 rounds from the 25-pounders, the 4th Infantry Brigade occupied the Fortification Point area. Between 5 and 20 December, the 4th Infantry Brigade reported 65 killed and 136 wounded. Japanese casualties were 420 killed and 136 found dead, victims of disease, malnutrition and suicide. Only six Japanese prisoners were taken.
Sio.
On 21 December 1943, the 20th Infantry Brigade passed through the 4th Infantry Brigade and initiated the second stage of the pursuit. Generals Blamey, Berryman and Wootten visited the acting brigade commander, Lieutenant Colonel N. W. Simpson, and emphasised that the brigade was to minimise casualties where possible by employing artillery and tanks. That afternoon, the lead company of the 2/13th Infantry Battalion reached Hubika. The battalion diarist recorded: 
A halt was called for Christmas while supplies were brought up. Units had a rest day. Most dined on turkey, ham, roast potatoes and Christmas pudding, and Christmas services were held. General Blamey insisted that Christmas fare be available to all units, and extraordinary efforts were made to carry out his directive. In one instance, a Piper Cub of No. 4 Squadron RAAF dropped Christmas fare to a Papuan Company on a long range patrol. The advance resumed on 27 December, preceded by air strikes by 18 B-25 Mitchell and 12 Boston bombers. The 2/15th Infantry Battalion and tanks of A Squadron, 1st Tank Battalion took the lead on 31 December; they reached Sialum on 2 January 1944. This had a sheltered beach which served as a maintenance area. That day, the American landing at Saidor placed a large force across the Japanese escape route.
Before moving over the mountains, the 20th Division headquarters elected to destroy its cryptographic materials rather than carry them. As the wet weather made burning them page by page a slow and difficult process, and a fire might attract the attention of the Allied Air Forces, someone decided to simply bury them in a steel trunk in a stream bed. An Australian sapper checking the stream bed for booby traps with a metal detector discovered it, and it was dug up in the belief that it was a mine. An intelligence officer recognised the contents as code books and soon it was on its way to the Central Bureau in Brisbane. There, the pages were carefully dried out and photographed. On 4 February 1944, Central Bureau codebreakers decrypted a thirteen-part message that laid out the decisions reached at a conference of high ranking Japanese officers. Copies of the material were quickly sent to Arlington Hall. In January 1944, Arlington Hall had decrypted 1,846 Japanese army messages. In March 1944, with the Sio code books in hand, it decrypted 36,000 messages.
On 11 January a platoon of the 2/17th Infantry Battalion replaced a rope ladder, and after climbing it and two wooden ladders reached an area atop a cliff which had once been a Japanese headquarters. It would have been a formidable position if defended, but it was not. The main body of the battalion followed the next day. The Goaling River was crossed in small boats left behind by the Japanese on 13 January and it entered Nambariwa, where one prisoner was taken, six Japanese were shot, and nine found dead. On 15 January, Sio was taken. The Sio-Nambariwa area was found to have been the principal Japanese supply area, and a large number of fuel, supply, and stores dumps were found. During the advance from Fortification Point to Sio, 303 Japanese had been killed or found dead, and 22 captured. The 20th Infantry Brigade had lost 3 killed and 13 wounded, but 958 had been evacuated sick, mostly with malaria, and an epidemic of dengue had also taken its toll. Large quantities of Japanese equipment had been captured, including six 75 mm guns, three 37 mm guns and three 20 mm guns.
Saidor.
At 1800 on 20 January 1944, the headquarters of Major General A. H. Ramsay's 5th Division, which had come up from Lae, replaced that of the 9th Division. At the same time the 8th Infantry Brigade replaced the 20th. The 8th Infantry Brigade, which had spent much of the war on garrison duty in Western Australia, began departing Cairns on 10 January. The original intention had been for it to go to Lae to relieve the 29th Infantry Brigade, which had fought in the Salamaua-Lae campaign, but in December it was decided to ship it directly to Finschhafen. The brigade contained three infantry battalions, the 4th, 30th and 35th, all from New South Wales. It also still had the support of the 2/12th Field Regiment, 532nd EBSR, and A Company, Papuan Infantry Battalion. The brigade suffered its first casualties on the night of 21/22 January in a friendly fire incident, which was a common occurrence with units inexperienced in jungle warfare. Two Australians were killed and two wounded by their own comrades.
On 22 January a native reported seeing seven Japanese in the hills south west of Sio and a patrol was sent out under Corporal Bengari to investigate. On arriving in the vicinity on 24 January, a local reported that another 22 Japanese had arrived. The next morning, Bengari and his five companions ambushed the Japanese and killed them all before they could fire a shot. Wirraway and Boomerang aircraft of No. 4 Squadron RAAF scouted ahead of the advance. Its aerial reconnaissance work let the Australians and Papuans know where opposition could be expected, thereby speeding up the advance. The pilots noted Japanese parachutes, signs that the Japanese were receiving supplies by air. On 4 February, the Australians were also forced onto air supply, as swollen rivers washed out a number of bridges.
Each day the Papuans killed 12 to 15 Japanese, but not until 8 February was the Japanese rearguard encountered at Weber Point and a formal attack made. Five Japanese were killed. In all, 53 Japanese were killed and four captured that day. Two Australians were wounded. The next day another 61 Japanese were killed and 9 captured, this time without any Australian casualties. On 10 February, the 30th Infantry Battalion encountered two American soldiers at Yagomai, thereby linking up with the American force at Saidor.
The 8th Infantry Brigade now began to mop up the area. On 18 February, the 35th Infantry Battalion attacked a Japanese force near Gabutamon, killing 40. Finding a force of about 100 Japanese at nearby Tapen, they attacked, killing another 52 Japanese for the loss of one man wounded, while the Papuans on their flanks killed another 51, of whom 43 were accounted for by Corporal Bengari and two other Papuans. The next day, the Papuans found and killed another 39 Japanese in the vicinity. At Tapen, the Australians and Papuans also found evidence that the Japanese had resorted to cannibalism. In the period of 20 January – 1 March 1944, 734 Japanese were killed, 1,775 found dead and 48 were captured. Australian casualties came to four killed and six wounded.
Aftermath.
Both sides managed to accomplish their objectives; the Japanese managed to withdraw, while the Australians exacted a terrible toll. The balance of losses was overwhelmingly against the Japanese, both in terms of men and equipment. It seems that only about 4,300 of the 7,000 troops under the command of the Japanese 20th Division that had originally been forward of Sio survived the withdrawal, and many of them were rendered ineffective through wounds, sickness, malnutrition and exhaustion. However, the opportunity to destroy the Japanese 51st Division was not seized. These troops would live to fight the Americans at the Battle of Driniumor River later in the year, and the Australians in the Aitape–Wewak campaign in 1945. On the other hand, the new base at Finschhafen was no longer threatened by the Japanese, and would become an important staging point for the Western New Guinea campaign. The capture of the Japanese ciphers at Sio would allow General MacArthur to carry out Operations Reckless and Persecution with a plan based upon sound intelligence rather than just his own intuition.

</doc>
<doc id="20874232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874232" title="Tamora">
Tamora

Tamora may refer to:
People with the given name.
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="20874241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874241" title="Cotrel–Dubousset instrumentation">
Cotrel–Dubousset instrumentation

Introduced in 1984, Cotrel–Dubousset Instrumentation is a treatment approach to scoliosis. Unlike Harrington rods, this treatment is more than just an osteodistraction mechanism and allows correction of some of the features of scolioisis untreatable by Harrington rods, such as rib hump.

</doc>
<doc id="20874245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874245" title="Karl Gercens III">
Karl Gercens III

Karl Gercens is a horticulturist originally from Mississippi. Karl’s experimentation with different plant types and growing methods in that region sparked an interest in new & dynamic exploration for cultivation of ornamental crops. His degree in Ornamental Horticulture from Mississippi State University was followed by transcontinental academic internships at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida and Filoli Estate in Woodside, California.
Karl Gercens has made notable contributions in his field while at Longwood Gardens in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania. For over 10 years, Karl has influenced the design, installation, and maintenance of the world-renowned conservatory displays of nearly four acres under glass. His expertise in horticulture is evident through articles in magazines and newspapers published nationwide.
A notoriety for using a pallet of colored foliage trees, shrubs, and perennials influences the content of Karl Gercens' professional lectures given nationwide including the San Francisco Flower Show, the Northwest Flower Show, the Cincinnati Flower Show, the Philadelphia Flower Show, the Capital District Flower Show and the Southeastern Flower Show. Karl Gercens by the age of 34 had visited all 50 states to see more than 450 of the best gardens in America and had cataloged images of gardens from more than 20 countries worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20874250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874250" title="Takeshi Hamada">
Takeshi Hamada

Career statistics.
Last update: 10 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20874256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874256" title="Cornell Farmhouse">
Cornell Farmhouse

The Cornell Farmhouse was built in 1750 with Dutch and English architectural features. The Farmhouse is in the Glen Oaks section the New York City borough of Queens. It is also known as the Creedmoor Farmhouse Complex, and as the Adriance Farmhouse. The Farmhouse is part of the Queens County Farm Museum and is owned and operated by the New York City Department of Parks.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20874288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874288" title="Le Mystère des Voix Bulgares (album)">
Le Mystère des Voix Bulgares (album)

Le Mystère des Voix Bulgares (translated as "The Mystery of Bulgarian Voices") is a Grammy award winning album of Bulgarian folk songs performed by the Bulgarian State Radio & Television Female Vocal Choir with guest-soloists Yanka Rupkina, Kalinka Valcheva and Stefka Sabotinova.
The album was the result of fifteen years of work by Swiss ethnomusicologist and producer Marcel Cellier and was released in 1975 on his small Disques Cellier label. 
In the 1980s, Ivo Watts-Russell (founder of 4AD) was introduced to the choir from a third or fourth generation audio cassette lent to him by Peter Murphy, singer from the band Bauhaus. He became thoroughly entranced by the music, and tracked down and licensed the recordings from Cellier. So in 1986, it was re-released on the 4AD label in the UK, in 1987 the Nonesuch label in the US and on the Philips label in other territories.

</doc>
<doc id="20874292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874292" title="Crescent Capital Group">
Crescent Capital Group

Crescent Capital Group (formerly TCW/Crescent Mezzanine) is a firm focused on below investment grade markets with primary strategies that include funds that invest in senior bank loans, high-yield debt, mezzanine debt and distressed securities. The firm has approximately $9 billion of assets under management and has made investments in over 110 companies since its inception as well as expanded into the European market with operations based in London.
The firm is based in Los Angeles and has offices in New York and Paris. Since its founding in 1991, the firm has raised approximately $4.7 billion across five funds.
TCW/Crescent maintains a strategic partnership with TCW Group (Trust Company of the West), a leading institutional money management firm with approximately $145 billion in assets under management.
History.
In 1991, former Drexel Burnham Lambert investment bankers, Mark Attanasio, Robert D. Beyer and Jean-Marc Chapus, founded Crescent Capital Corporation, a Dallas-based investment firm that invested in high yield bonds. Attanasio sold Crescent to the Trust Company of the West (later renamed TCW Group), an investment firm based in Los Angeles, in 1995. After the sale of Crescent, Attanasio remained a senior partner and chief investment officer of the firm's leveraged finance and mezzanine capital group.
In 2001, Société Générale (SocGen) acquired a controlling interest in the TCW Group. In 2005, TCW/Crescent merged with Canterbury Mezzanine Capital to provide the firm a stronger presence on the East Coast. Canterbury was founded as a spinout of Barclays Capital, founded by Nicholas Dunphy and Patrick Turner.
In 2010, Crescent Capital Group spun off from TCW to re-establish itself as a stand-alone firm. The arrangement was described as "amicable" for TCW and Crescent. The working relationship of the two companies remains close; the two share management fees for existing clients. Following the separation, the firm was renamed Crescent Capital Group.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20874298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874298" title="Sun Wah">
Sun Wah

Sun Wah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20874302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874302" title="Storm from the Shadows">
Storm from the Shadows

Storm from the Shadows is a novel by David Weber, released in February 2009 (but with an official publication date of March 3, 2009), and set in the Honorverse and the second in the "Saganami Island" series, spun off from the main "Honor Harrington" series. In this volume, the spin-off series is re-integrated with the main series as several scenes were repeated either exactly or from a different point of view. The actions in this book overlap those in "At All Costs" and "Torch of Freedom".
This novel, like "The Shadow of Saganami", is almost entirely from the viewpoint of characters other than Honor Harrington.
Plot.
The book begins with a retelling of several events that took place in "At All Costs", from the point of view from main character Admiral Michelle Henke. As Honor Harrington's Eighth Fleet continues its devastating deep-strike raids into the territory of the Republic of Haven, Haven's technical wizard Admiral Shannon Foraker develops a defensive weapons system that she names "Moriarty", after the malevolent archenemy of Sherlock Holmes. Moriarty, essentially a deep space station devoted entirely to missile fire control, enables Havenite planetary defenses to fire previously unmatched masses of missiles at invading forces.
This system enables even Eighth Fleet, which has exceedingly capable anti-missile defense systems, to be attacked successfully, as not even Manticoran missile defense systems can stop tens of thousands of missiles targeted on the same ship. On one mission, Havenite Admiral Javier Giscard organizes an ambush in several systems expected to be attacked by Eighth Fleet. Three Havenite forces corner the Manticoran force when it arrives in one of the systems. After the Moriarty station fires a massive amount of missiles from pods in orbit around the system's planet, Eighth Fleet is heavily damaged. One of Harrington's super dreadnoughts is destroyed outright, and many more are damaged beyond repair.
Henke's force of battlecruisers also takes heavy damage, to the point where her flagship "HMS Ajax" loses the capability to flee the system with Harrington. The ship's "boat bays" are also damaged to the point where shuttles cannot leave, trapping the crew aboard. All appears lost for Henke, but the ship's crew manages to repair the ship to the point where shuttles can be used to evacuate it. Henke orders the evacuation, and simultaneously plans a counter attack using all of the ship's remaining offensive capability. Originally intending to sacrifice herself to see the plan through, the ship's flag captain orders her and her staff off just before the attack begins. As the Havenite fleet approaches an apparently evacuated "Ajax", the ship fires all remaining missile pods into them, catching them by surprise. Damage comparable to that suffered by Eighth Fleet is sustained by the Havenites, who quickly completely destroy "Ajax" and all else that remains of Henke's force with vengeful fire.
Henke is presumed dead by the Manticorans, as it is believed she did not make it off "Ajax" before it was destroyed. In reality, however, she got aboard the last evacuating shuttle with two of her officers, and was heavily injured as her ship exploded around them. The persons on board the shuttle, including Henke, are then picked up by the Havenite fleet, and they become prisoners of war.
Henke's injuries, which include a shattered right knee, are treated by the Havenites. Admiral Thomas Theisman, the Havenite Naval Commander in Chief and a longtime respected adversary of Manticore, has mandated that all prisoners of war in the renewed conflict between Manticore and Haven are to be treated as fairly and humanely as possible. Henke recovers in a comfortable military hospital, during which time she is visited in turn by Theisman and Eloise Pritchart, President of the Republic. At one point Theisman even invites her to a formal dinner with him and his staff. After she recovers, Henke takes command as the senior Manticoran Prisoner of War on an island on the planet Haven.
Henke discovers, to her surprise, that Haven has adopted a completely unorthodox approach to handling PoWs. The Manticorans present on the island are essentially left to their own devices, under the watchful eye of one Havenite officer, who is responsible for providing what is needed to Henke and the other PoWs under her responsibility to live in relative comfort. Although it appears that any time the PoWs on the island could just build a boat and leave, the island is actually under round-the-clock surveillance from space and, if necessary, a team of Havenite Republican Marines are ready at all times to prevent an escape in less than fifteen minutes. This experience significantly changes Henke's view of Haven. She realizes that Theisman and Pritchart really have restored the honor of the Havenite military, which previously had been considerably less noble in its treatment of prisoners.
Henke spends six months as commanding officer of the Manticoran PoWs. One day, the Havenite military sends an aircar to the island, and she is summoned once again to the company of Theisman and Pritchart. Henke is informed that she will be paroled by the Havenite military, a practice previously unheard of. In return, Pritchart asks Henke, a close relative of Queen Elizabeth III of Manticore, to petition the Manticoran leadership for a peace summit between the Star Kingdom and the Republic. There is one more stipulation: Henke must give her legally binding oath that she will not command a force against the Havenite military, or otherwise act against the interests of Haven. This she does, and Henke is sent back to Manticoran territory.
Henke convinces a reluctant Queen Elizabeth to personally meet with Pritchart on the capitol planet of the neutral Kingdom of Torch, which had been established by a covert joint effort between Manticore and Haven in the book Crown of Slaves, during the truce that preceded the current conflict. In the meantime, Henke and Manticore are put in a dilemma: she cannot go back to war against Haven, or else violate her parole. Yet, she is one of Manticore's finest tacticians, and the Manticoran Bureau of Personnel recognizes that her talents should not be wasted. Thus, she is assigned to become second in command to Vice Admiral Khumalo, in the distant Talbott cluster, which, in The Shadow of Saganami, successfully petitioned via plebiscite to become annexed by the Star Kingdom.
While Talbott on the surface seems to be a relatively quiet and peaceful place far away from the titanic conflict between Haven and Manticore, things are not as they seem. In "Saganami", the malevolent interstellar slaver corporation known as Manpower Unlimited attempted to use a local nation known as Monica as a proxy to force the Star Kingdom from Talbott, and take control of the lucrative wormhole terminus located there. By convenient chance, Captain Aivars Terekhov, commander of the heavy cruiser "HMS Hexapuma" stationed in Talbott, uncovered the plot and in a daring assault on the Monica system, completely destroyed Monica's military, thus ending the threat it posed to Manticoran control of Talbott.
Despite a loss that results in Monica becoming a vassal of the Star Kingdom, and the public embarrassment of all involved in the plot, including Manpower and the Solarian League's Office of Frontier Security, Manpower almost immediately launches another plan to force Manticore from Talbott, and cause a conflict between the Star Kingdom and the League to serve its own mysterious ends.
Taking advantage of widespread arrogance in the OFS and the Solarian League Navy towards (apparently) "lesser" nations like Manticore, Manpower manipulates the only star nation of the Talbott cluster that declined to participate in the annexation, the New Tuscan Republic, to engineer a false conflict between itself and Manticore. Manpower operative Aldonna Anisimovna meets with the New Tuscan leadership, confesses her organization's involvement in the Monica incident, and persuades them to support a new plot that she tricks them into believing will help preserve New Tuscan sovereignty.
After a series of deliberately provoked incidents between New Tuscan merchant ships and Manticoran forces charged with inspecting them as they enter Manticoran territory, a fleet of ships under the command of one Admiral Josef Byng, a viciously anti-Manticoran and incompetent Solarian League Naval Officer, is dispatched to Talbott by the League.
That Byng himself is even in command of this force is the work of Manpower and the OFS, who expect that in one way or another Byng will act irrationally when dealing with Manticore, and start a conflict. Byng himself is completely oblivious to the plot, and honestly believes that his true purpose for being sent to Talbott is to check Manticoran aggression against New Tuscany. Henke encounters Byng and through a Manticoran Naval Intelligence dossier on the Solarian Admiral, and after rather frosty conversation with the man, discovers Byng's nature and arrogant attitude towards all things Manticoran. However, she is powerless to do anything about the Solarian presence in the area.
In the wake of this crisis, the reader is taken through several mysterious interludes on the planet Mesa, the homeworld of Manpower Unlimited. The overall leader of Manpower (and Mesa), Albrecht Detweiler, is shown discussing Manpower (and Mesa's) plans with various persons, including his several "sons" (actually clones). In each interlude, more and more is revealed about Mesan plans to finally come out of the shadows and launch a direct attack on the Manticore system with a secret weapon; stealth ships that travel without an Impeller drive and thus are completely undetectable by conventional means. Furthermore, it is revealed that "Manpower Unlimited" is actually just a front for the Mesan star nation itself, the "Mesan Alignment", which is run by Detweiler and a cadre of other genetically engineered oligarchs set on galactic domination.
The Mesan plot involving New Tuscany and Admiral Byng comes to a head. In the system where most of the engineered diplomatic incidents between Manticore and New Tuscany have taken place, New Tuscany scuttles one of their merchant ships as a Manticoran vessel is approaching for boarding and inspection, in an attempt to frame Manticore for its destruction. It is blatantly obvious that the detonations which destroyed the freighter were caused internally, but Byng wastes no time upon hearing of the incident to protect them against further Manticoran "aggression".
Admirals Khumalo and Henke, unaware of Byng's presence in the system, send a small fleet of three destroyers to New Tuscany to officially complain about their actions. As soon as the destroyers arrive, Anisimova, using a nuclear device, destroys the largest New Tuscan space station in orbit around the planet, killing tens of thousands of New Tuscans instantly. Admiral Byng automatically assumes that the Manticoran destroyers are responsible, and orders his forces to open fire upon them in retaliation. As the destroyers are completely unprepared for combat and do not have their defensive systems activated, they are quickly wiped out by Byng's large fleet. Manticore is thus propelled into a state of war with the Solarian League.
For Manticore, the events could not have come at a worse time. As most of the book takes place simultaneously with At All Costs, at this time Lester Tourville's massive attack on the Manticore system itself takes place, prompting the Battle of Manticore and the near-complete elimination of the offensive capabilities of Manticore and Haven. Recognizing his huge opportunity, Detweiler orders the deployment of his secret weapon on Manticore far earlier than he had originally intended. Commanded by one of his son-clones, the new Mesan Alignment Navy embarks on the stealth ships for the Manticore system.
Admiral Henke, via a distress signal that was sent back to the Talbott Quadrant, learns shortly afterward of the Manticoran ships' massacre at New Tuscany. She immediately assembles all of her ships and embarks for the system. Upon her arrival, she orders Byng to stand down, warning him that Manticoran naval capabilities far exceed that of the Solarians on a qualitative basis. Byng, who considers this warning a desperate bluff, as he believes that the Solarian Navy to be invincible, instead of vastly inferior on technical grounds as it really is, refuses. After reiterating her warning several times, and being ignored each time, Henke launches a mass of missiles at Byng's ship from far outside the engagement range of the Solarian forces, completely destroying it. Recognizing their complete tactical deficit, Byng's second in command complies with Henke's demands. The Solarian Navy is dealt its first defeat in centuries.
On planet Manticore, Queen Elizabeth meets with her inner circle to discuss the events that have taken place. During this meeting, Honor Harrington remarks that she believes conflict with the Solarian League had been inevitable, and the only way Manticore is going to survive is going to be to destroy the League as it is and break it up into several successor star nations which Manticore can deal with individually. Elizabeth initially rejects this new approach, believing that Haven, in the wake of that nation's devastating assault on Manticore, must be dealt with to prevent further assaults of that nature. However, Honor through her status as an empath, reveals that she has discovered via an extensive investigation that the renewed conflict between Haven and Manticore was engineered by Mesa to keep the two sides, both enemies to Mesa, distracted. Using the evidence she has uncovered, Harrington convinces Elizabeth to see things her way and attempt to reconcile with Haven.
Events come to a climax. The OFS administrator responsible for his organization's involvement for the new Mesan plot with New Tuscany meets with a Solarian officer who has a powerful fleet of capital ships stationed relatively near Talbott. Taking advantage of the Solarian Admiral's own prejudices towards "neo-barbarian" nations like Manticore, and her rage over the destruction of Admiral Byng's flagship, he surreptitiously convinces her to prepare to attack Manticore in the Talbott cluster. Simultaneously, The Mesan Alignment Navy's stealth ships arrive in the Manticore system, and deploy many missile pods before turning to leave. The commander of this force remarks that in a period of weeks, Manticore will be dealt a devastating blow.
The book then suddenly ends on a cliffhanger.

</doc>
<doc id="20874307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874307" title="Fred Link">
Fred Link

Edward Theodore Link (March 11, 1886 – May 22, 1939), nicknamed "Laddie", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in 22 games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1910 Cleveland Naps season and three games for the St. Louis Browns during the 1910 St. Louis Browns season.

</doc>
<doc id="20874323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874323" title="Dead Space (film)">
Dead Space (film)

Dead Space is a 1991 science-fiction film involving the crew members of a space station orbiting Saturn when they face a killer virus.
In 2010 Shout! Factory released the film on DVD, packaged as a double feature with "The Terror Within" as part of the Roger Corman Cult Classics collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20874327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874327" title="Architectonica">
Architectonica

Architectonica is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Architectonicidae, the staircase shells or sundials.
Species.
According to the World Register of Marine Species, the following * Are included in the genus Architectonica 
The Indo-Pacific Molluscan Database also includes the following names in current use 
Species in the genus "Architectonica" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20874329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874329" title="Masayuki Yanagisawa">
Masayuki Yanagisawa


</doc>
<doc id="20874335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874335" title="Elk Mountains (Nevada)">
Elk Mountains (Nevada)

The Elk Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada. They are contained within the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains. The highest point is Elk Mountain. 

</doc>
<doc id="20874352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874352" title="Russ Schoene">
Russ Schoene

Russ Schoene (last name pronounced SHAY-nee; born April 16, 1960) is a retired American professional basketball player and former assistant men's basketball coach at the University of Washington.
Schoene starred at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, where the 6-10 forward led the team to two straight Southern Conference Championships (1981 and 1982) and an NCAA tournament appearance in 1982. As a senior, he averaged 13.6 points and 7 rebounds a game, and earned league tournament MVP honors. 
The Philadelphia 76ers selected Schoene in the second round of the 1982 NBA Draft (22nd pick; 45th overall). The 76ers traded him to the Indiana Pacers during his rookie campaign; he stayed in Indianapolis until the end of the 1983-84 season. Though invited to the Pacers' training camp the next year, he was told he was a long shot to make the club, and should consider honing his skills in Europe.
During the 1984-85 and 1985-86 seasons, Schoene played for Olimpia Simac Milano of the Italian league, where his teammates included current Los Angeles Lakers head coach Mike D'Antoni and former NBA All-Star Joe Barry Carroll. The team won the Korać Cup in 1985, and Schoene was named the Italian League MVP in 1986. He earned legendary status during this two-year Italian stint (Sonics President Bob Whitsitt would later say Schoene "is like Michael Jordan over there") that would prove financially lucrative later in his career.
On October 2, 1986, the Seattle SuperSonics acquired the rights to Schoene, along with guard Terence Stansbury and "future considerations," in return for guard John Long. Schoene made the Sonics squad, and spent the next three seasons with the team. As a designated off-the-bench shooter in Seattle, he earned the nickname "Catch and Shoot," firing a career-high 38.2% from three-point range in 1988-89. He scored a career-high 20 points on three occasions. Arguably his best NBA game was on April 24, 1988, when he had 20 points, four rebounds, a steal, an assist, and no turnovers in 33 minutes against the Los Angeles Clippers. Schoene wore #40 as a Sonic.
Following the 1988-89 season, he accepted a three-year, $2.4 million contract offer to play for Glaxo Verona in the Italian League (Schoene believed this contract made him Europe's highest-paid professional basketball player). He played in Italy for five seasons. In 1993, the Sacramento Kings waived him prior to the start of the season. At the end of his professional career, he spent time with the Rapid City Thrillers of the Continental Basketball Association. 
His career NBA statistics include 1,491 points (5.1 ppg), 735 rebounds (2.5 rpg), and 175 assists (0.6 apg).
In 1994, Schoene helped found the Samurai Sam's Teriyaki Grill restaurant chain, which has about 90 locations in the United States and Kuwait.
Schoene joined the Washington Huskies
men's basketball coaching staff in 2002, following five years as an assistant at Bellevue Community College. He left the team to focus on Samurai Sam's following the 2003-04 campaign.
In 2005 Schoene joined the coaching staff at The Bear Creek School in Redmond, WA where he has helped lead the team to numerous league championships, tri-district championships, and 2 state play-off appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20874353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874353" title="Pete Lister">
Pete Lister

Morris Elmer Lister (July 21, 1881 – March 27, 1947) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for one season. He played in 22 games for the Cleveland Naps during the 1907 Cleveland Naps season.

</doc>
<doc id="20874362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874362" title="Kenjiro Ezoe">
Kenjiro Ezoe


</doc>
<doc id="20874382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874382" title="Todo es mentira">
Todo es mentira

Todo es mentira(Everything's a Lie) is a 1994 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Álvaro Fernández Armero and starring Penélope Cruz, Coque Malla and Jordi Mollà. It is the first in a series of two films with"El Juego de la Verdad"(Truth or Dare) being the last film. Both movies explore the complexities of relationships which include compromise and the unvarnished truth.

</doc>
<doc id="20874386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874386" title="2008 Summer Olympics on NBC">
2008 Summer Olympics on NBC

NBC Sports coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics (the broadcasts being officially titled, as were the games themselves, "The Games of the XXIX Olympiad") was broadcast from August 6 to August 24, 2008 (including selecting football matches prior to the opening ceremonies) on the various television networks of NBC Universal in the United States. Coverage was broadcast on NBC, Telemundo, USA Network, CNBC, MSNBC, Oxygen, their associated HDTV simulcast channels where applicable, and Universal HD. NBC also set up two dedicated cable channels, the NBC Olympic Soccer Channel and the NBC Olympic Basketball Channel, for the express purpose of providing additional coverage of those two sports.
Coverage.
The scale of the coverage grew to the same huge proportions as the Games themselves. In 2008, NBC was scheduled to air over 3,600 hours of live coverage (1,400 on the TV networks and 2,200 more online). According to NBC, that is 1,000 more hours than the combined coverage of all Summer Games since that first telecast in 1960. NBC also is using 106 hosts, announcers, and commentators to cover the action. The main transmission center in the United States was Studio 8-H at Rockefeller Center in New York City, where "Saturday Night Live" is based. Some announcers and hosts were assigned to the New York studio and were not on location in Beijing.
Ratings.
Through August 12, NBC was averaging 30.4 million viewers for each night of primetime coverage, up five million from the same period in 2004. The increased number was attributed to Michael Phelps' ongoing quests for the most gold medals in a single Olympics and in a career. On August 11, NBCOlympics.com had 7.8 million unique page visits and 476,062 downloads from cellular telephones. The number of average viewers had dropped to 28.7 million by August 17, but it still far outpaced shows on other networks. Most programming opposite the Olympics was in reruns, except for "Big Brother 10" on CBS and "" on ABC.
By the end of the Olympics, NBC estimated a total audience of 214 million people for at least some of the telecasts, an all-time record for any Olympics. In the second week of the Games, all eight primetime telecasts (there were two on August 24) finished in the top eight of the ratings. On all 17 nights, NBC had more viewers than ABC, CBS, and FOX combined. However, ratings on the final Friday and Saturday of the Games were the lowest for primetime coverage since 1988.
Even other sports events saw ratings downturns attributable to Games coverage. Declines ranged from 14 percent for the PGA Tour The Barclays to 36 percent for the Little League World Series final. (scroll to middle of page)
Announcers.
Event announcers.
<br>"*These announcers were to call the action from the NBC studios in New York City rather from onsite in Beijing"
NBC did not plan coverage of judo, sailing, or taekwondo on any of its networks. Coverage in the U.S. was to be available only online at NBCOlympics.com.
DVDs.
NBC has made three DVDs available related to the 2008 Summer Olympics. One covers the opening ceremony, another covers the highlights from the entire competition, and the final is a retrospective of Michael Phelps' record-setting Olympic career in swimming. They are produced by the Ten Mayflower production company are available online at NBCDVD.com. The DVDs are available for retail sale at Wal-Mart.

</doc>
<doc id="20874397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874397" title="Berber Academy">
Berber Academy

The Berber Academy () is a cultural association founded in 1966 by Mohand Arav Bessaoud and a group of young Kabyles. This group consisted of intellectuals, artists and journalists, all eager to put the Tifinagh in use. Fearing misuse of the term "academy", they renamed the association Agraw Imaziγen (Berber Assembly) in 1967. This was dissolved in 1978.
Berber alphabet standard.
The Academy proposed a Berber alphabet standard on the basis of Tifinagh circulated in Morocco and Algeria - among them :Kabyles, Tuaregs, and Riffians - in order to revive old writing of several millennia, and transcribe all Berber dialects. Periodically, and often in Tifinagh, the organization published the journal "Imazighen".
The academy also proposed the design of the Berber flag.

</doc>
<doc id="20874403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874403" title="Wynyard Football Club">
Wynyard Football Club

The Wynyard Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in Wynyard, Tasmania.
Club history.
The Wynyard Football Club was believed to be formed in 1885 as Table Cape and adopted the name of Wynyard in 1890.
The Wynyard Cats entered the North West Football Union (NWFU) in 1925 after playing in a variety of competitions for the first four decades. 
The Cats were involved with the infamous "Goalpost Final" against North Hobart at West Park Oval in 1967, which was declared a "no result" after hudereds of fans invaded the ground and tore down the goalposts as North Hobart full-forward David "Dickie" Collins went back to take a kick after the siren with Wynyard leading by one point.
On the 15th of September 2012 Wynyard, coached by Shannon Bakes broke a 33 year senior premiership drought to run out victors over Latrobe by 13 points with Zac Smith being awarded the Wilf Barker Medal for a best on ground performance. It was a successful day for the club with the Under 19's victors by 24 points over Ulverstone and the Reserves narrowly going down to the hands of Latrobe by 30 points.
Home Ground:
Colours:
Senior Premierships (NWFU):
Senior Premierships (NTFL):
League Best and Fairest Winners (NWFU):
League Best and Fairest Winners (NTFL):
Alstergen Trophy Winners:
League Leading Goal Kickers (NWFU):
League Leading Goal Kickers (NTFL):
Club Song.
We’re a happy team at Wynyard
We’re the mighty fighting cats
We love our club and we play to win
Riding the bumps with a grin at Wynyard
Come what may you’ll find us striving
Team work is the thing that counts
One for all and all for one
Is the way we play at Wynyard 
We are the mighty fighting cats!

</doc>
<doc id="20874404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874404" title="Barstow Area Transit">
Barstow Area Transit

Barstow Area Transit is the city of Barstow's transportation service for the city and the surrounding areas of San Bernardino County, California, including the communities of Hinkley, Lenwood, Grandview, Yermo, Harvard, Daggett and Newberry Springs.
MV Transportation, Inc., is contracted by the city to operate Barstow Area Transit. In general, Barstow Area Transit operates Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. and on the weekends from 9:00 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. The system carries more than 144,000 passengers each year.
The system features three routes: Central Barstow, which is called Route 1 while running as a clockwise loop and Route 2 while running counterclockwise; West Barstow/Grandview/Lenwood, which is called Route 3 while running clockwise and Route 4 while running counterclockwise; and Hwy 58 which travels crosstown as Route 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20874405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874405" title="Rui Komatsu">
Rui Komatsu

Career.
Komatsu was chosen as one of the Designated Players for Development by J. League and JFA in 2005 when he was a student of Kwansei Gakuin University. Because of this status, he was able to register as a Cerezo Osaka player while he was still eligible to play for his university club. However, he did not play any official match for Cerezo.
After graduating from university in 2006, he officially signed with Cerezo. On 12 August 2006, he made his J. League debut in a 1–0 loss against Omiya Ardija. Two month later, he loned out to Kyu-League side V-Varen Nagasaki. 
He returned to Cerezo for the 2007 season and his first goal for the club in a 3-1 win against Mito HollyHock, on May 23. During the 2007 season, he managed to form a strike partnership with fellow striker Tatsuya Furuhashi, as the pair scored a total of 30 goals between them.

</doc>
<doc id="20874412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874412" title="St. Michael volcanic field">
St. Michael volcanic field

The St. Michael volcanic field is a volcanic field located on St. Michael and Stuart Islands in western Alaska, United States. It contains 55 cones and craters, including low broad shield volcanoes and maars.
Volcanoes.
Volcanoes within the St. Michael volcanic field include:

</doc>
<doc id="20874422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874422" title="Andy Fletcher (American football)">
Andy Fletcher (American football)

Andrew "Andy" Fletcher was an American football player. He played college football as a back at the University of Maryland, and earned varsity letters in 1916 and 1917. Fletcher then had a brief professional playing career in the fledgling National Football League (NFL). In 1920, he played two games for the Buffalo All-Americans. The following season, in 1921, Fletcher played one game for Tonawanda Kardex.

</doc>
<doc id="20874436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874436" title="Lee Thomas (reporter)">
Lee Thomas (reporter)

Lee Thomas is an author and an Emmy award winning entertainment reporter for WJBK Fox 2 News in Southfield, Michigan. 
Personal.
Thomas suffers from vitiligo, a disease that causes the skin to lose its pigmentation. 
Education.
Thomas obtained his Bachelor of Arts in Communication from George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia.
Career.
Thomas travels the world as a motivational speaker and shares his story about his disease. As a broadcaster, Thomas began his career working for "Channel One" News in New York City. Here he was responsible for covering the Oscars and the MTV Movie Awards. Soon after, he spent some time working for "Louisville Tonight Live." He was then hired by WABC 7 where he worked as the entertainment and feature reporter. After his time in New York City, he moved to Detroit to work at WJBK Fox 2 Detroit as a weekend anchor.
Book.
His book "Turning White" was taken from his personal journals and experiences from his disease. Lee had various television appearances to discuss his book, "Turning White". He appeared on "The Hour" with George Stroumboulopoulos, Larry King Live, and 20/20.
Honors and awards.
Thomas has won four Emmy Awards as an anchor and producer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20874459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874459" title="Noriyuki Sakemoto">
Noriyuki Sakemoto

Club career stats.
Last update: "27 January 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="20874471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874471" title="Ramdane Haifi">
Ramdane Haifi

Ramdane Haïfi (1948 – February 24, 2007), also known as Ramdane Imazighen and Dda Ramdane, was an Algerian-French Berber nationalist activist. He was born in Ifnayen, Larbaâ Nath Irathen, and was instrumental in the establishment of the Berber Academy alongside Mohammed Arav Bessaoud. He later became the owner of the Ighuraf Imazighen, a Berber hotel-restaurant in eastern Paris, and was assassinated in 2007 by a tenant who didn't pay his rent.

</doc>
<doc id="20874475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874475" title="Coque Malla">
Coque Malla

Coque Malla is a Spanish musician and actor, frontman of the group Los Ronaldos. He was born in Madrid in 1969. He starred in the film Todo es mentira with Penélope Cruz

</doc>
<doc id="20874476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874476" title="Tōbu-Takezawa Station">
Tōbu-Takezawa Station

Lines.
Tōbu-Takezawa Station is served by the Tōbu Tōjō Line from in Tokyo, and is located 67.1 km from the Ikebukuro terminus. During the daytime, the station is served by two "Local" (all-stations) trains per hour in each direction between and . There are no direct trains to or from Ikebukuro.
Station layout.
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks. The station building is located on the east side, and an entrance on the west side of the station leads to the east side entrance via a passageway underneath the tracks.
History.
The station opened on 23 July 1932 as Takezawa Station. It was renamed Tōbu-Takezawa Station on 1 July 1934 to differentiate it from Takezawa Station, which opened on the JNR (now JR East) Hachikō Line in October 1934.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Tōbu-Takezawa Station becoming "TJ-34".
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 784 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="20874480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874480" title="Paddy Livingston">
Paddy Livingston

Patrick Joseph Livingston (January 14, 1880 – September 19, 1977) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for seven seasons. He played for the Cleveland Blues in 1901, the Cincinnati Reds in 1906, the Philadelphia Athletics from 1909 to 1911, the Cleveland Naps in 1912, and the St. Louis Cardinals in 1917. He was also the last surviving player of the inaugural year for the American League.

</doc>
<doc id="20874489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874489" title="2001 Metro Manila Film Festival">
2001 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 27th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in Manila, Philippines starting December 25.
Actor Cesar Montano, actress Assunta de Rossi and the movie, Yamashita: The Tiger’s Treasure topped the 2001 Metro Manila Film Festival. Montano and De Rossi took home the Best Actor and Best Actress awards for their performances in the films Bagong Buwan and Hubog respectively. Bagong Buwan and Hubog made it to the top three Best Picture honors but both bowed to MAQ Productions’ Yamashita which won a total of 11 awards--- Best Picture, Best Director (Chito Rono), Best Production Design (Fernan Santiago and Max Paglinawan), Best Sound (Albert Michael Idioma), Best Editor (Manet Dayrit), Best Cinematography (Neil Daza), Best Screenplay ( Roy Iglesias and Chito Rono), Best Story (Roselle Monteverde-Teo, Roy Iglesias and Chito Rono), Best Visual Effects (Roadrunner Network, Inc.). Best Make-up Artist (Warren Munar) and Best Float.
Assunta’s younger sister Alessandra de Rossi was named Best Supporting Actress for Hubog, while Ronnie Lazaro bagged the Best Supporting Actor award for Bagong Buwan. Bagong Buwan also received five other awards--- Best Child Performer (Jiro Manio), Best Original Theme Song (Joey Ayala/ “Walang Hanggang Paalam”), Best Musical Score (Nonong Buencamino), Second Best Picture and the Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Award.
Final figures.
As of January 7, 2002.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20874501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874501" title="Stu Locklin">
Stu Locklin

Stuart Carlton Locklin (born July 22, 1928 in Appleton, Wisconsin) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1955 to 1956, playing in 25 career games.

</doc>
<doc id="20874509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874509" title="Women &amp; Songs">
Women &amp; Songs

Women & Songs is a series of annual Canadian compilation album releases that only contain tracks by female artists. The first album, simply titled "Women & Songs", was released December 9, 1997 and the series has since been both a major seller and a chart-topper in the Canadian music scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20874511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874511" title="Ryuhei Niwa">
Ryuhei Niwa

Niwa previously played for Vissel Kobe and Cerezo Osaka.
Club career stats.
As of 12 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20874512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874512" title="Bill Finnegan">
Bill Finnegan

William Robinson "Bill" Finnegan (June 29, 1928 – November 28, 2008) was an American television and film producer whose well known credits included "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "Hawaii Five-O" and the cult hit, "Reality Bites". he was a five time Emmy Awards nominee.
Early life.
Bill Finnegan was born in Kansas City, Missouri, on June 29, 1928. He enlisted and served in the United States Navy during World War II. Finnegan initially launched a career as a newsman in 1950 when he began reporting for, among other publications, the "Associated Press".
Television and film production.
Following a stint as a journalist and newsman, Finnegan began working as an assistant director and production manager in the television industry. Finnegan founded Finnegan-Pinchuk, a production company, with his wife, Patricia Finnegan, and their business partner, Sheldon Pinchuk. Their company, headquartered in Studio City, California, became a supplier of network and cable television movies by the late 1970s and 1980s.
Television productions by Finnegan-Pinchuk included Wes Craven's "Summer of Fear" in 1978; "The Ordeal of Patty Hearst" (1979) starring Dennis Weaver; "The $5.20 an Hour Dream" with Linda Lavin in 1980; 1982's "World War III" starring Rock Hudson; Jane Fonda's "The Dollmaker" in 1984; "Amos", starring Kirk Douglas in 1985; "The Atlanta Child Murders" with Morgan Freeman, also aired in 1985; "" which starred Tuesday Weld and River Phoenix in 1986, and "Hoover" in 1987, which starred Treat Williams. Finnegan also produced several television shows, including "Hawaii Five-O" in 1977 and "The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd" ten years later in 1987, and the Emmy-award winning Northern Exposure, which aired from 1990 to 1995.
Finnegan and his company also produced or co-produced feature films including "Support Your Local Gunfighter" in 1971; "North Shore" in 1987; "The Fabulous Baker Boys" in 1989; "White Palace" in 1990; "The Babe" in 1992; "CrissCross" in 1992; "Reality Bites", starring Ben Stiller, in 1994; and "Ed", starring Matt LeBlanc, in 1996. Finnegan officially retired from the production business in 2003.
Death.
Bill Finnegan died of Parkinson's disease at his home in Sag Harbor, New York, on November 28, 2008, at the age of 80. He was survived by his wife, Patricia Finnegan, and their children – Michael Finnegan, a political reporter for "The Los Angeles Times"; William Finnegan, a staff reporter for "The New Yorker"; Colleen, a doctor; and Kevin, a labor lawyer. He was also survived by three grandchildren and a brother, Charles Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20874528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874528" title="Maternity Hospital">
Maternity Hospital

Maternity Hospital, also known as Ripley Memorial Hospital and currently known as Ripley Gardens, is a former hospital building in the Harrison neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. The hospital was established by Dr. Martha Ripley in 1886 in response to the exceptionally high mortality rates for women in childbirth. Dr. Ripley was one of only a few female physicians in the late 19th century, and she employed only women as physicians and board members. The hospital provided services for primarily poor, unmarried, and widowed women. The hospital was originally located in a house at 316 15th Street South, but it quickly outgrew that house and moved to 2529 4th Avenue South. Demand continued to grow, so in 1896 the hospital purchased a house on of land at the corner of Glenwood and Penn Avenues. The hospital built the Marshall Stacy Nursery in 1909, followed by the Babies' Bungalow in 1910 and the Emily Paddock Cottage in 1911. Also in 1911, Ripley appealed to the government for funds to build an even larger building. Ripley died on April 18, 1912, of a respiratory infection.
In 1916, the new building was completed. The hospital was renamed from Maternity Hospital to Ripley Memorial Hospital at that time. The hospital served the community until 1957, when it was closed due to low occupancy and funding problems. The hospital building was sold to Children's Hospital of Minneapolis, and the remaining funds were used to establish the Ripley Memorial Foundation. The foundation has sponsored teenage pregnancy prevention programs since 1993. The former hospital buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The building was redeveloped in 2007 by Aeon, a Minneapolis organization that provides affordable housing. The development, now known as Ripley Gardens, provides housing for low- to moderate-income residents, and provides both rental housing and home ownership opportunities. The redevelopment was one of twelve properties around the nation funded by the Restore America program, sponsored by the National Trust for Historic Preservation and HGTV.

</doc>
<doc id="20874541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874541" title="USS General Gates (1764)">
USS General Gates (1764)

USS" General Gates" was a brigantine of the Continental Navy active in 1778 and 1779.
Built as the merchant brigantine "Industrious Bee" in 1764 at Bristol, England, for operations by Clapman & Co., the British ship was captured on 29 August 1777 by Captain John Skimmer in the Continental schooner , while bound from Gibraltar for Newfoundland. The ship was purchased on 19 December by the Navy Board at Boston, fitted out with 18 guns, and renamed "General Gates", Captain John Skimmer in command.
Service history.
"General Gates" sailed from Marblehead on 24 May 1778, joining privateer brigantine "Hawk" off Cape Ann to cruise on the Newfoundland Banks. After capturing the ship "Jenny" and brigantines "Thomas" and "Nancy", the two ships parted company early in August. Thereafter "General Gates" captured the schooner "Polly". 
On 3 August 1778 she intercepted the brigantine "Montague" under Captain Nelson, who defended his ship in an epic engagement of five hours. After expending her ammunition, "Montague" resorted to firing "every piece of iron of all kinds that could be rammed into the tube of the cannon," including jack knives, crowbars, and even the captain's speaking tube. A double-headed shot from "General Gates" crashed into Captain Nelson's cabin. Taking it up, Nelson fired it from one of his own guns. "This shot striking a swivel gun on the State's brig divided, and one part of it glancing instantly killed the active and brave Captain Skimmer." It was two more hours before "Montague" struck her colors and capitulated to "General Gates" with Lt. Dennis in command. "General Gates" returned to Boston Harbor with prizes "Polly" and "Montague" on 31 August 1778.
"General Gates" departed Boston on 14 November in company with "Providence" for Nova Scotian waters. She captured the schooner "Friendship" off Casco on 4 December and two days later, parted by a gale from "Providence", subsequently cruised in West Indian waters. She captured schooner "General Leslie" off Bermuda in the first part of February 1779, then joined "Hazard" at Martinique. Together they captured brigs "Active" on 16 March and "Union" the following day.
"General Gates" returned to Boston harbor on 13 April 1779, so unseaworthy from battering gales that her crew, at times, had despaired of ever reaching port. She was ordered sold on 2 June 1779. In August she was loaned by the Navy Board to the Deputy Commissary of Prisoners at Boston to convey prisoners to New York. On completion of this mission, she was sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20874545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874545" title="2000 Metro Manila Film Festival">
2000 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 26th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in Manila, Philippines starting December 25.
Gloria Romero, as expected, bagged the Best Actress plum for Star Cinema’s Tanging Yaman in the 2000 Metro Manila Film Festival. It was a popular victory acknowledged with a standing ovation for a revered actress. But unlike in past awards, no grumblings were heard. The movie also received 8 other major awards--- Best Picture, the Gatpuno Antonio Villegas Cultural Award, Best Actor (Johnny Delgado), Best Director and Story (Laurice Guillen), Best Cinematography (Videlle Meily), Best Musical Score (Nonong Buencamino and Best Screenplay (Shaira Mella Salvador, Raymond Lee and Laurice Guillen).
Other individual honors went to Cherie Gil (Best Supporting Actress/ Sugatang Puso) and the Jeffery Quizon (Best Supporting Actor/ Markova: Comfort Gay).
GMA Films’ Deathrow took home 4 awards--- Second Best Picture, Best Sound Recording (Albert Michael Idioma and Rudy Gonzales), Best Editing (Jess Navarro and Kelly Cruz) and Best Production Design (Joey Luna). Spirit Warriors had 3 awards, all in the technical categories--- Best Visual Effects (Roadrunner Network), Best Make-up Artist (Cecile Baun, Benny Batoctoy and Warren Munar) and Best Float.
Final figures.
As of January 7, 2001.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20874561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874561" title="First Reformed Church (Queens)">
First Reformed Church (Queens)

The First Reformed Church is a historic Reformed church in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens. The church was built in 1859. The church has an early romanesque structure that was created built by Sidney J. Young and Anders Peterson.
The asymmetrical towers, round-arched openings, and corbel tables are examples of an architectural style known as Rundbogenstil.
The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20874574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874574" title="Adelphotectonica reevei">
Adelphotectonica reevei

Adelphotectonica reevei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Architectonicidae, known as the staircase shells or sundials. 

</doc>
<doc id="20874576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874576" title="Ingakslugwat Hills">
Ingakslugwat Hills

The Ingakslugwat Hills are a group of at least 32 small cinder cones and eight larger craters in western Alaska, United States. The Ingakslugwat Hills cover an area of more than 500 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="20874583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874583" title="Hiromasa Yamamoto">
Hiromasa Yamamoto


</doc>
<doc id="20874590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874590" title="Glyn Stone">
Glyn Stone

Glyn Stone is Professor of International History at the University of the West of England. He gained a BA (Honours) degree at the University of Lancaster in 1970, an MA History at the University of Sussex in 1971, and his PhD at London School of Economics and Political Science in 1986. He became a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society in 1995. He became a lecturer at Bristol Polytechnic, the precursor of UWE in 1972 and became Dean of the Faculty of Humanities in 2000 until its merger with Social Sciences and Languages in 2003.
Stone has focused his research in the area of Anglo-French and Anglo-Portuguese relations before, during and after the Second World War and has a particular interest in the international politics of the Spanish Civil War (1936–1939). He is currently researching British arms sales diplomacy in Europe, 1935–1940 and Britain and Portuguese Africa, 1961-1975.
Other positions.
Stone is a founder member of the British International History Group under the auspices of the British International Studies Association (BISA) and a member for six years, between 1992 and 1998, of the editorial committee of the Association's journal the Review of International Studies, published by Cambridge University Press. 
In 1999 he became one of the founding editors of the electronic Journal of International History which published International History articles on the internet at the Institute of Historical Research website. Between 1998 and 2002, Glyn served on the British National Committee of the International Congress of Historical Sciences whose origins are French. In November 2005 he was elected to the Council of the Royal Historical Society and he is a member of the Peer Review College of the Arts and Humanities Research Council.
Stone is also a keen supporter of Bristol City F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20874607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874607" title="Howard Lohr">
Howard Lohr

Howard Sylvester Lohr (June 3, 1892 – June 9, 1977) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1914 and the Cleveland Indians in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20874611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874611" title="Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville">
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville

"Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville" is a 1908 young-adult novel written by L. Frank Baum, famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. It is the third volume in "the successful Aunt Jane Series," following "Aunt Jane's Nieces" and "Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad". These books for adolescent girls constituted the second greatest success of Baum's literary career, after the Oz books. Like the other books in the series, the "Millville" volume was released under the pen name "Edith Van Dyne," one of Baum's multiple pseudonyms.
Genre.
Novels for adolescent readers can take many specific forms: after the family inheritance drama of "Aunt Jane's Nieces" and the travel adventure of "Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad", Baum cast his third book as a small-town drama with a bucolic atmosphere, in which a traditional society is contrasted with the world of the "nouveau-riche" rising business class. In this, the book resembles Baum's earlier novel "Annabel" (1906). In the view of Baum biographer Katharine Rogers, "the substance" of the "Millville" book "is humor at the expense of the local yokels."
The novel has other aspects too, however. Baum would spend much of the last decade of his writing career working in the girl-detective vein — in his books "The Daring Twins" and "Phoebe Daring" (1911–12) and in the first five books of the "Mary Louise" series (1916–20). Yet he made his first ventures in the genre in some of the "Aunt Jane" books, notably here in the third book of the series. His handling of the detective genre here is satiric, though; the three cousins are influenced in their detecting effort by the novels they have read — and their efforts are soon shown to be misguided and erroneous. (The plot does eventually resolve itself as something of a detective story, as the Merrick clan solves a mystery involving the fate of key supporting characters. The plot features a locked cabinet with a secret compartment — with "another" secret compartment inside that.)
Baum spreads his gentle and genial satire to other targets too, even to the popular fiction of his era. One character is a habitual reader of the "paper-covered novels" of the day, including one specific title, "The Angel Maniac's Revenge."
Synopsis.
"Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville" picks up the story of the three cousins, Patsy Doyle, Beth De Graf, and Louise Merrick, soon after their return from Europe in "Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad". As in that earlier book, their benign and eccentric millionaire Uncle John devotes much of his fortune to helping others — an effort managed by Patsy's father, Major Doyle. These efforts do not always yield fiscally sound results: in one case, Merrick and Doyle loaned a few thousand dollars to a young inventor named Joseph Wegg for a patent he was developing — but Wegg lost a patent lawsuit, and Merrick now owns the collateral on Wegg's loan, a farm in a remote region of upper New York State. In his capricious way, Merrick decides to take his nieces to the farm to escape the city's heat during the approaching summer; he arranges for a real-estate agent to get the farmhouse in good order and ships crates of furnishings to the place, sight unseen.
Merrick and his three nieces come north, and find the farmhouse a surprisingly appealing place. The local inhabitants of a tiny village in the northern foothills of the Adirondack Mountains are naturally interested in the new residents; they call Merrick "the nabob." The girls quickly become fascinated by the family of the previous owner. Joe Wegg's father had been a retired sea captain, and something of a recluse; his close friend Will Thompson went mad when Captain Wegg died, and both of their fortunes mysteriously disappeared. The girls meet and become friends with Thompson's daughter Ethel, the local schoolteacher. Also, the cousins (with Louise in the lead; she takes a more prominent role in this book than in the previous volumes) decide that Captain Wegg was murdered and robbed, and set about in search of suspects.
They pry into the local past with limited results; but matters begin to clear when Joe Wegg returns home to convalesce from a car accident. The girls are dispirited to learn that there was no murder and no robbery. It is Uncle John who unravels a genuine mystery, as to the fate to the Wegg and Thompson fortunes. He recovers a missing deed that ensures that Joe Wegg and Ethel Thompson can marry in comfort and security.
City and country.
As Rogers observed, Baum pokes fun at some of the small-minded habits of small-town people in this book. The real-estate agent is a comic stereotype of village crudity, pettiness, and envy; and one chapter is devoted to a bumpkin's inept attempt at finding a rich wife among the cousins. Yet Baum's view of urban and rural manners does not lean wholly one way. Baum approvingly contrasts the relative moral innocence or "simplicity" of the country with the "guile" of the city; and the three cousins are praised because they are "so simple," without being "cityfied" or "stuck up."
Commonalities.
Elements of Baum's other books, and also of his biography, turn up in "Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville". The Wegg farm's servant Tom Hucks is described as
Readers of the Oz books will recognize him as a precursor of Dr. Pipt in "The Patchwork Girl of Oz" (1913). The "Millville" book repeatedly mentions Plymouth Rock poultry; Baum was a devotee of Hamburg poultry, and published a book on the subject in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="20874644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874644" title="Masahito Suzuki">
Masahito Suzuki


</doc>
<doc id="20874648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874648" title="2006 in Australian literature">
2006 in Australian literature

The year 2006 in Australian literature involves some significant new books, drama, poetry and events.
For an overview of world literature see 2006 in literature.
"See also:"
2005 in Australian literature,
2006 in Australia,
2007 in Australian literature.
References.
Note: all references relating to awards can, or should be, found on the relevant award's page.

</doc>
<doc id="20874657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874657" title="M122 155mm Cartridge">
M122 155mm Cartridge

The M122 155mm Cartridge was an chemical artillery shell designed to carry 6.5 lbs of a nerve agent, specifically Sarin (GB).

</doc>
<doc id="20874660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874660" title="Wilfrid Swancourt Bronson">
Wilfrid Swancourt Bronson

Wilfrid Swancourt Bronson (October 24, 1894 - April 23, 1985) was born in Chicago, IL. Following his service in the U.S. Army during the first World War, he worked as a mural painter’s assistant in several studios in New York City. In the 1930s and 40s he painted murals for the Works Progress Administration. Bronson accompanied four scientific marine expeditions as a staff artist, resulting in the creation of numerous nature books for children. His expedition paintings were presented to the Peabody Museum at Yale University.
Bronson wrote his first book at the age of eight. Called "Animal People", it started: "This book is for children who are interested in animals and birds. It has verey good pictures in it and children can understand it verey easily." He later learned to spell and wrote and illustrated many books for children with "verey good pictures" that they could understand.
He wrote and illustrated all of his publications.

</doc>
<doc id="20874678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874678" title="Ron Lolich">
Ron Lolich

Ronald John Lolich (born September 19, 1946 in Portland, Oregon) is a retired American professional baseball player, a former right fielder who played for three Major League seasons for the Chicago White Sox in 1971 and the Cleveland Indians from 1972 to 1973. The cousin of Major League pitcher Mickey Lolich, Ron had a nine-year professional career. He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Lolich was an accomplished minor league hitter — batting .281 in 745 games (his best season, 1972, coming with his hometown Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League) — but he collected only 48 Major League hits in 87 games played.

</doc>
<doc id="20874693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874693" title="Puliyankulam">
Puliyankulam

Puliyankulam is a town in Vavuniya District, Sri Lanka. A road going through this town connects Mankulam to Vavuniya. Another road going through Puliyankulam connects Nedunkeni, Oddusuddan and Mullaitivu to Vavuniya.

</doc>
<doc id="20874699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874699" title="Korea Army Academy at Yeongcheon">
Korea Army Academy at Yeongcheon

Korea Army Academy at Yeongcheon or KAAY is a Republic of Korea Army institution for the undergraduate education and military training of officers. It is located in Yeongcheon, a South district of Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. The current superintendent of the Academy is Major General Hong-Gyu Won
Cungsungdae (, Hanja: 忠誠臺) is another name of the academy.
Campus.
The campus is located in Gogyung-myun, Changha-ri, Yeongcheon, Gyeongsangbuk-do, Republic of Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20874705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874705" title="Dorothy Jordan (film actress)">
Dorothy Jordan (film actress)

Dorothy Jordan (August 9, 1906 – December 7, 1988) was an American movie actress who had a short but successful career beginning in talking pictures in 1929.
Early career.
Born in Clarksville, Tennessee, Jordan studied at Southwestern University and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. She performed in Broadway musicals, including "Garrick Gaieties".
Jordan made her screen debut in the 1929 film "The Taming of the Shrew" and went on to make twenty-two more films in the next four years, including "Min and Bill" with Wallace Beery and Marie Dressler in 1930 and "The Cabin in the Cotton" with Bette Davis in 1932. During that time, she appeared in films with Ramon Novarro, Clark Gable, Lionel Barrymore, Walter Huston and Jimmy Durante.
Film retirement and return.
In 1933, Jordan left films and married filmmaker, screenwriter and later World War II U.S. Army Air Forces Colonel Merian C. Cooper, who co-wrote, produced and directed the 1933 film "King Kong". The couple had three children, a son and two daughters. In 1937, she came out of her leave and tested for the role of Melanie Hamilton in "Gone With The Wind". Cooper was a good friend and frequent collaborator with Western director John Ford, forming Argosy Productions in 1947. It was for Argosy's "The Sun Shines Bright", directed by Ford in 1953, that Jordan came out of retirement for a small role. She then appeared in a small role as the sister-in-law of John Wayne's character, Ethan Edwards, who seeks Jordan's daughter, played by Natalie Wood, in the epic 1956 Argosy film "The Searchers". Jordan appeared once more, in a small role in the John Ford film "The Wings of Eagles" in 1957 before retiring.
Later years.
Jordan and Cooper lived in Coronado, California and remained married until his death of cancer on April 21, 1973. Jordan died of congestive heart failure on December 7, 1988 in Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. Her body was cremated and her ashes are interred at the Chapel of the Pines Crematory in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20874707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874707" title="TCW Group">
TCW Group

The TCW Group is an investment management company that offers mutual funds under the TCW and MetWest Fund families; Provides investment management for institutions, endowments, foundations, and high net worth individual investors, with a broad array of products in Fixed Income, Equities, International and Alternative asset classes.
History.
Founded in 1971 and headquartered in Los Angeles, TCW manages a broad range of investment products. The TCW Group was originally known as Trust Company of the West. TCW clients include many of the largest corporate and public pension plans, financial institutions, endowments and foundations in the U.S., as well as a substantial number of foreign investors and high net worth individuals. TCW works in close partnership with Financial Advisors to help build their businesses and meet the needs of their clients.
As of September 30, 2013, TCW had $130.8 billion of assets under management or committed to management.
In February 2013, TCW management and alternative asset manager The Carlyle Group acquired TCW Group from Société Générale. As a result of the transaction, TCW management and employees will increase their ownership in the firm to approximately 40% on a fully diluted basis, better aligning interests with clients. Equity for the investment came from two Carlyle investment funds and from TCW management.
On August 9, 2012, TCW announced a definitive agreement for TCW company management along with global alternative asset manager The Carlyle Group to acquire TCW from Société Générale, which will return the firm to its position as an independent asset manager.
On February 24, 2010, TCW announced the completion of its acquisition of Metropolitan West Asset Management LLC (MetWest), a leading fixed income investment management firm.
In 2001, Société Générale (SocGen) acquired a controlling interest in The TCW Group. 
The company is based in Los Angeles with offices in New York, Boston, Paris and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20874711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874711" title="UNC Pembroke Braves football">
UNC Pembroke Braves football

The UNC Pembroke Braves football team represents the University of North Carolina at Pembroke in the NCAA Division II, competing as a Division II Independent. Pembroke plays its home games at the 4,000 seat Grace P. Johnson Stadium at Lumbee Guaranty Bank Field, which is located on-campus in Pembroke, North Carolina. Although only fielding a team since the 2007 season, Pembroke previously fielded teams between the 1946 and 1950 seasons as Pembroke State. 
History.
Pembroke State fielded their first team in 1946. Having played only five games in the inaugural season, James Sampson served as head coach. Sampson served as head coach through the termination of the football program following the 1950 season.
Without sanctioned football since the 1950 season, on December 1, 2004, the UNC Pembroke Board of Trustees voted unanimously to proceed with the development of a football program to begin play by the 2007 season. With stadium expansion complete by summer 2005, Pembroke announced the hiring of Pete Shinnick as the reinstated program's head coach on December 13, 2005. With the team in place, the Braves lost their inaugural game on the road to the Davidson Wildcats 31–21 on September 1, and notched their first win in their first home game after they defeated Greensboro College 26–20 on September 8 en route to completing the 2007 campaign with a 4–7 record. 
Pembroke improved upon their 2007 record through and finished the 2008 season with a record of 9–1. The 2008 squad featured a defense that lead all of Division II in scoring defense that only allowed 11.20 points per game; was second in total defense with 226.60 yards per game; and was fourth in rushing defense with 71.60 yards per game.
Rivalries.
While Pembroke is not a football member of a particular conference, they do share a rivalry with geographically close schools, such as the Fayetteville State University and Wingate University. 
Fayetteville State and Pembroke are separated by only 47 miles, with the rivalry named for the Lumber River near Pembroke and the Cape Fear River near Fayetteville, NC. Both schools square off for bragging rights, as many of the players on both teams come from the surrounding Robeson, Cumberland, Richmond, Scotland, Hoke and Moore counties.
One of Pembroke's first games in 2007 was against Wingate, and they have played every year since. With both schools located just off of US-74, and a little over 80 miles apart, these two schools have experienced an close rivalry over the past years.

</doc>
<doc id="20874713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874713" title="Questing (New Marlborough, Massachusetts)">
Questing (New Marlborough, Massachusetts)

Questing is a open space preserve and colonial era historic site located in New Marlborough, Massachusetts within The Berkshires. The property, acquired in 1996 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, is named for a mythical beast from Arthurian Mythology called the Questing Beast.
The reservation includes hiking trails, open meadows and hay fields, vernal pools, and streams. It is open to hiking, picnicking, cross country skiing, and hunting (in season). A trailhead is located on New Marlborough Hill Road in New Marlborough. Bikes, snowmobiles and motorized vehicles are prohibited.
History.
Questing Reservation is on a hill where the first fort was built in the original New Marlborough settlement, and where the first non-native American children were born, the Brookins twins. The precise location of this site is no longer known. Later this site was also the location of the settlement of the Leffingwell family, abandoned in the Great Depression. The only remains of the Leffingwell farmstead are cellar holes and stone walls.
The property was acquired in 1992 and 1996 through land gifts by Robert A. Lehman and Richard W. Sellew.

</doc>
<doc id="20874719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874719" title="Takashi Hirajima">
Takashi Hirajima


</doc>
<doc id="20874722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874722" title="Classic World Productions">
Classic World Productions

Classic World Productions-, based in Naperville, Illinois, was a significant issuer of back music catalogues and television programs. 
History.
Classic World Productions is 100% owned by Darryl Payne. It filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings on July 30, 2005. In its Chapter 11 filing, the company was described as follows: "The Debtor is one of the most respected and resourceful entertainment companies for back catalogue music. The catalog features a diverse range of legendary artists, spanning all genres,including: Judy Garland, The Chi-Lites, Little Richard, Jose Feliciano, Kenny Rogers, and a host of others. The Debtor also carries an impressive collection of vintage television programs." Other releases included albums by Sly and The Family Stone, Carol Douglas, Tommy Roe and The Electric Flag.
After Various long and lengthy lawsuits in Bankruptcy Court. Darryl Payne is once again the CEO and owner of all of Classic World Productions Inc. Masters & Assets. PLEASE See Enclosed Legal Documents confirming Darryl Payne's ownership.
Productions Inc
Dispute Over Royalties: The Tom Jones Show.
At the time of its Chapter 11 filing, the principal creditor of Classic World Productions was C/F International, a licensor of television programs, among other media. As of December, 2004, C/F International was a secured judgement creditor of Classic World Productions and Darryl Payne for approximately one million dollars, and was the principal secured creditor at the time of the bankruptcy filing. C/F International's action against Classic World Productions and owner Darryl Payne was based on unpaid royalties in relation to the Tom Jones television show from 1980–1981, "The Tom Jones Show", and related recordings. C/F International's rights to later Tom Jones material were subject to dispute. In March, 2007, Tom Jones and Tom Jones Enterprises sued C/F International to stop C/F International from licensing sound recordings made from Jones' 1981 series of variety shows, "The Tom Jones Show", recorded in Vancouver, Canada. It was contended that any rights that C/F International had to license "The Tom Jones Show" did not include the right to make and license separate recordings of the performances on the show. In addition, it was contended that any rights that C/F International had in "The Tom Jones Show" no longer existed, due to numerous breaches of contract. Examples of contentious CDs include Live on The Tom Jones Show (released 2006) and Greatest Hits Live (originally issued by C/F International in 1981; later license to and CD issue by Prism Leisure Corporation as 30 Greatest Hits - Live in Concert). The 1969-1971 "This Is Tom Jones" television shows are currently offered by Time-Life, rather than by Classic World Productions or C/F International; 
Six months after the amount owed by Classic World Productions to C/F International had been judicially determined, Classic World Productions filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. The assets of Classic World Productions were seized by C/F International, based on the latter's secured judgement creditor status. However, C/F International Judgement against Darryl Payne has been Dismissed.. Please See Legal Court Documentation. Tom Jones Enterprises secured a Judgement against
C/F International for $ 9 Million USD. The facts of this case showed C/F International had no such
rights at all to The Tom Jones Show.
Ownership Interest In The Judy Garland Show.
Prior to its Chapter 11 filing, Classic World Productions had co-released, with Pioneer Entertainment and to great acclaim, various DVDs of the short-lived The Judy Garland Show. Darryl Payne, owner of Classic World Productions, had acquired the U.S. rights to these shows for a net payment of $900,000 in 1998 to Sid Luft, Judy Garland's former husband. These co-releases continued, with Pioneer successor corporation Geneon Entertainment, through 2006. Geneon Entertainment was primarily known for Japanese anime productions. The U.S. operations of Geneon Entertainment were closed in December 2007, with the Japanese parent selling the balance of its interest in Geneon worldwide to Universal Pictures International in late 2008. Darryl Payne owns the Copyright to all 26 Episodes of CBS TV The Judy Garland Show.
Please See Legal Court Documentation confirming the ownership of rights to The Judy Garland Show.

</doc>
<doc id="20874739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874739" title="Jack Lundbom">
Jack Lundbom

John Frederick Lundbom (March 10, 1877 – October 31, 1949) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched in eight games for the Cleveland Bronchos during the 1902 Cleveland Bronchos season.

</doc>
<doc id="20874749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874749" title="Questing (disambiguation)">
Questing (disambiguation)

Questing is a game played across a community or geographic place, where clues lead to sealed boxes to be found in a type of treasure hunt. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20874768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874768" title="Messager">
Messager

Messager may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20874774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874774" title="Callaway High School">
Callaway High School

Callaway High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20874787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874787" title="Thales Rail Signalling Solutions">
Thales Rail Signalling Solutions

Thales Canada Transportation Solutions (previously THALES Rail Signalling Solutions Inc.) is a subsidiary of THALES Group. Thales supplies transportation automation solutions for railway from its head office in Paris and railway business divisional center in Stuttgart, Germany, Vienna, Austria, Hengelo, the Netherlands and mass transit business divisional center in Toronto, Canada. Their major train control products are: SelTrac (communication based train control for mass transit), ETCS, and LZB. Additionally TAS sells electronic interlocking systems, axle counters that can replace track circuits, various types of point machines, and railway worker protection systems.
History.
The original moving block signaling system for rapid transit was introduced by Urban Transportation Development Corporation (a Crown Corp in Ontario) and was successfully implemented for the Scarborough RT in Toronto, Ontario, which was opened in 1985.
UTDC was later absorbed by Bombardier (train Manufacturing) and Alcatel (Rail Signaling Solutions)
In April, 2006, Thales Group announced it would be acquiring Alcatel's space business (67% of Alcatel Alenia Space and 33% of Telespazio), and Alcatel's Rail Signalling Solutions division in a deal which also raised Alcatel's ownership of Thales to 21.66 percent.
Products.
SelTrac

</doc>
<doc id="20874798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874798" title="Russ Lyon">
Russ Lyon

Russell Mayo Lyon (June 26, 1913 – December 24, 1975) was a Major League Baseball catcher who played for one season. He played in seven games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1944 Cleveland Indians season.

</doc>
<doc id="20874805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874805" title="Kookooligit Mountains">
Kookooligit Mountains

The Kookooligit Mountains are a 30 x 40 km wide shield volcano in western Alaska, United States, located in north-central St. Lawrence Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20874813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874813" title="Needles Area Transit">
Needles Area Transit

Needles Area Transit (NAT) is the transportation and a Dial-a-Ride program for seniors and persons with disabilities in the City of Needles in San Bernardino County, California. The NAT system transports approximately 34,000 riders each year.
Needles Area Transit provides deviated fixed route service on a single route within Needles. The
service operates hourly, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., Monday through Friday and for 4 hours on Saturday.
NAT serves most of the area within the City, with the exception of some trailer parks on the north
end of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20874818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874818" title="Volcanic Hills">
Volcanic Hills

Volcanic Hills may refer to:
Related names include

</doc>
<doc id="20874827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874827" title="2010 Australia national football team season">
2010 Australia national football team season

The Australian national football team results in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20874875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874875" title="Women &amp; Songs (album)">
Women &amp; Songs (album)

"Women & Songs" is the first in a similarly named series of Canadian albums. The initial album was released in 1997 and features 17 tracks, all by female artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20874890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874890" title="USS Charlemagne">
USS Charlemagne

The USS "Charlemagne" is a fictional Brig of War of the Continental Navy. She is known as the first Continental command of Captain Isaac Biddlecomb in James L. Nelsons "Revolution at Sea" series. She was originally built as a privateer but was taken into the Rhode Island State Navy to stop HMS Rose in her attempt to stop all smuggling in that colony. There she accompanied the "Katy" in capturing the "Rose's" tender, "Diana".
She was then purchased by the Continental Army for a mission to liberate gunpowder on Bermuda. On the way, however, she was taken by "HMS Glasgow", but was later retaken by her crew. She made it back to Boston with a prize full of valuable gunpowder.
She was later purchased by the Continental Congress to become one of the first ships of the United States navy. She accompanied Commodore Esek Hopkins in the Battle of Nassau and the capture of the brig Bolton. She took part in the squadron's fight with the "Glasgow" as chased her all the way to Newport.
Before that mission, Ezra Rumstick had been demoted by the Continental Congress to second lieutenant, while a Roger Tottenhill from North Carolina took his place as first. Isaac Biddlecomb disliked Tottenhill, but tried not to show it, and was, in fact, accused of descrimination against Southerners by various members of his crew. When the convoy of men-o-war (mostly converted merchantmen) captured three Bahamian schooners, Biddlecomb was asked by the commodore to take charge of one of them, leaving Tottenhil in charge of the "Charlemagne". He did, taking with him most of his Northerner crew, and leaving Tottenhil more convinced of his descrimination against Southerners than ever.
Her next mission was to carry Benjamin Franklin to France. After this was accomplished, she raided the British coast and succeeded in taking the HMS Swan and HMS Hector. She later returned to Philadelphia in 1777. She was finally sunk by the HMS Merlin in the fall of 1777 off New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20874900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874900" title="Amur–Yakutsk Mainline">
Amur–Yakutsk Mainline

The Amur–Yakutsk Mainline (Russian Амуро-Якутская магистраль, "Amuro-Yakutskaya Magistral’"), abbreviated to AYaM (Russian АЯM) is a partially complete railway in eastern Russia, linking the Trans-Siberian Railway and Baikal-Amur Mainline with the Sakha Republic.
Passenger services on the line currently extend from Tynda to the town of Tommot, roughly 450 km south of the planned terminus at Yakutsk. The section from Tommot to Yakutsk is under construction and was reportedly near completion in late 2013. In November 2011, construction of the railway reached the settlement of Nizhny Bestyakh, on the opposite bank of the Lena River from Yakutsk. The final step required to bring the railway into the city itself is a combined road and rail bridge, to be constructed upstream of Yakutsk where the river is narrower.
The railway via Nizhny Bestyakh is planned in the long term to form the start of a railway towards Magadan and possibly even across the Bering Strait.
Route.
The line is single-track, excepting the double-track section from Tynda to Bestuzhevo, which shared with the Baikal-Amur Mainline (BAM). The full length of the line is not electrified.
As in most of Siberia, construction and operation of the railway is complicated by the large temperature variations, ranging from under -50°C in winter to over +30°C in summer, as well as the challenges of building on permafrost in difficult terrain.
The line currently has an official length of 1213 km, branching from the Trans-Siberian railway at Bamovskaya station, near Skovorodino in Amur Oblast. The line continues north, joining the Baikal Amur Mainline near Tynda and continuing along the BAM for 27 kilometers before branching northwards at Bestuzhevo. The line in this section crosses the Gilyuy River twice. Shortly after entering the Sakha Republic, the line passes through the 1,300 meter-long Nagorny tunnel under the Stanovoy Range.
In the highlands of southern Sakha Republic, the line crosses numerous further rivers, including the Iyengra and Chulman, before reaching the coal-mining area around Neryungri at around kilometer 400. The settlement of Berkakit, situated 9 km south of Neryungri, was founded in 1977 as the base for the railway's operations in the south of the Sakha Republic. Berkakit is the official starting point for the current project to construct the railway to Yakutsk (officially referred to as the "Berkakit-Tommot-Yakutsk Line"), and the majority of the town's workforce is employed either in management or maintenance of the railway.
To the north of Neryungri, the railway crosses the Aldan Highlands, before reaching Aldan at kilometer 686, where the main offices of the Yakutia Railways are located. The current terminus of the operating section of line is Tommot, on the right bank of the Aldan River at kilometer 767.
Construction reached the settlement of Kyordyom, on the Lena River opposite the town of Pokrovsk, by 2008. From here, it was planned to start construction of a 3 km-long combined road and rail bridge across the Lena in 2009, in the area of the settlement Tabaga. The line was to continue to the city of Yakutsk, with a passenger terminal to be built, and an extension to the river port.
With the expected difficulties in building a bridge across the more than 2 km-wide Lena, prone to massive flooding in spring and with moving ice during autumn, there has been much discussion of the rail head remaining on the east bank of the river, terminating in Nizhny Bestyakh, across the river from Yakutsk. This section has been built, the connection over the river to Yakutsk city being postponed. The route via Nizhny Bestyakh will now form the beginning of any further extensions towards Magadan.
As of early 2014, there were twice weekly trains from Moscow and from Khabarovsk, ending at Neryungri. The travel time from Shturm (1st station of AYM) to Neryungri (390 km) was 11 hours.
History.
Reconstruction of the Bamovskaya-Tynda section (known as the "Little BAM") began on 5 April 1972, almost two years before the government of the Soviet Union announced the revival of the BAM project in 1974. The start of provisional services on the Little BAM began in November 1976, with full services in October 1977. At the same time the line was extended northwards, the section Tynda-Berkakit opening in October 1979, later extending as far as Neryungri.
From 1989, construction recommenced from Neryungri towards Chulman. This extension branches a few kilometers before the previous terminus of Neryungri-Grusovaya (cargo terminal). Traffic was gradually extended to Chulman, Aldan and finally to Tommot, firstly construction and cargo traffic, followed by passenger services. The complete section to Tommot was declared open on 24 August 2004. Since this date a daily passenger service has run between Neryungri and Tommot, covering the 368 Kilometer section in around 8 hours.
The bridge crossing the Aldan River in Tommot, at 400 meters wide at this point the largest river on the planned route besides the Lena, was completed in the 1990s, although not initially used. A further section of around 60 kilometers was under construction when financial problems halted the project.
Construction resumed in 2005, with construction traffic able to operate through to Kharbykan by the start of 2007. Cargo traffic currently operates as far as Amga. In early 2009 the construction reached the dual settlements of Pokrovsk/Kyordyom, on the left and right banks of Lena respectively, some 78 km south of Yakutsk.
The first train was welcomed into Kyordyom on September 25, 2010. The line to Nizhny Bestyakh was officially completed on November 15, 2011, with officials stating that a bridge across the river to Yakutsk would be constructed in the near future.
Future planning.
Planning for the line almost as far as Yakutsk is complete, although there has been debate as to whether the line should end at the settlement of Nizhny Bestyakh, on the opposite bank of the Lena River from Yakutsk, or whether a bridge (or possibly tunnel) should be built. The decision for or against a river crossing depends on a number of questions regarding both costs and engineering challenges. The Lena is at this point more than 2 kilometers wide, has a number of side streams, and can flood the valley to a width of up to 10 kilometers during the snowmelt in spring.
A combined road and rail bridge is under consideration, across a narrower section of the river near Tabaga, 40 km upstream from Yakutsk. In July 2013 the federal road agency, Rosavtodor requested a tender to build a three-kilometer road-only bridge over the river, expecting a cost of $1.7 bn/56 bn RUB, and a 6 year construction period.
On July 14, 2010, in Moscow, a meeting was held to discuss construction of a tunnel under the Lena river, instead of a bridge. Construction of a tunnel would be quicker and cost less than that of a bridge, as it would not be dependent on seasonal construction hampered by the river freezing over in autumn and breaking up in spring. The flooding situation of the river also makes the tunnel more attractive. However, the annual maintenance costs for a tunnel were estimated to be more than twice that of a bridge. Construction of a tunnel in permafrost also posed engineering challenges.
There is currently no bridge of any kind across the Lena in the Sakha Republic. Air travel is currently the only mode of transport to Yakutsk available year-round; land transport to the outside world is possible via ferry in summer, or by driving across the frozen river in winter. During spring and autumn, the moving ice on the river makes crossings impossible. The dual road-rail bridge would allow year-round land access to the city for the first time.
Future plans have been proposed for the extension of the rail line further to the east, towards the Kolyma region, Magadan and even Chukotka and a Bering Strait crossing which would link Russia with the United States. The Russian government in 2011 approved the construction of a US$ 65 billion Siberia-Alaska rail link and a tunnel across the Bering Strait.
Plans were announced in May 2012 by the governor of Magadan Oblast to extend the railway 1800 km eastwards of Yakutsk to Moma by 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="20874905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874905" title="Lisa Wickham">
Lisa Wickham

Lisa Wickham is a Media Producer-Director-TV Personality in Trinidad and Tobago. She is a former TV Presenter with Trinidad and Tobago Television (TTT) where she was the host of the daily morning prime time news and talk show "T&T This Morning" (2002–2005), host of the daily mid morning talk show Community Dateline, (1999–2000) host of the weekly teen talent show 'Party Time" (1987–1989) and cast member and segment host of the weekly children's show "Rikki Tikki" (1973–1985). Wickham started her career on television at the age of six. She is the CEO of Imagine Media International Limited. Imagine Media is best known for its line of television productions under the E-Zone Entertainment brand.
Wickham is the Producer-Director and Host of the Caribbean Entertainment TV Show "The E-Zone" (2002–present) which has been aired in 20 Caribbean countries, in Canada on Omni 1 and in the US on Centric/BET J.
Childhood and early career.
Wickham first started on television in Trinidad and Tobago at the age of six making appearances on the live weekly children’s TV show Rikki Tikki aired on the national TV channel Trinidad and Tobago Television,TTT. At the age of thirteen she was given her own segment on the Rikki Tikki show to host known as the “Spelling Bee”, which she hosted while attending school at Holy Name Convent.
As a child and teenager Wickham was active in a number of social and community groups including the Queen's Royal College Scout Troupe, being one of the first female Venture Scouts in Trinidad and Tobago.
In 1987, Wickham was selected to host the weekly teen talent show “Party Time” alongside Wendell Constantine, which she hosted for the first four seasons from 1987-1989 on the national TV channel Trinidad and Tobago Television.
While on television, Wickham continued in her academic pursuits at the University of the West Indies from where she graduated with a B.Sc (Hons) in Management.
At the same time Wickham continued to present on TV and Radio shows and to host live concerts/shows across Trinidad and Tobago.
Television.
In 1999, she was invited to co-host of the mid-morning live talk show Dateline on Trinidad and Tobago Television, alongside Allyson Hennessy.
In 2002, she was offered the premier role as host of Trinidad and Tobago Television’s live prime time morning talk show T&T This Morning, which she hosted and co-produced until the station closed in 2005. By this time Wickham had launched her own television production entity making the transition to Producer-Director and producing Caribbean syndicated shows such as “The E-Zone” and “Bon Mange” as well as music videos for some of the top Soca Artistes in the Caribbean like Shurwayne Winchester and Patrice Roberts. She had also begun to make Guest Host appearances on the prime time morning show of Barbados - Mornin' Barbados, on the National TV Channel CBC Caribbean Broadcasting Corporation 2002-2005.
By 2006 The E-Zone TV Show (produced, directed and co-presented by Wickham) had been picked up by Omni 1, Canada, and BET J, in the US having already aired in 20 Caribbean territories. The E-Zone TV Show features the people, places and faces of the West Indian Diaspora. It has been to Carnivals in London, Miami, Canada, New York and most of the Caribbean Islands, St. Kitts Music Festival, Dominica World Creole Music Festival, Antigua Sailing Week, St. Maarten Heineken Regatta among others. It has featured personalities including regional Prime Ministers, Presidents, International Recording Stars and Caribbean Artistes.
By 2008, Wickham had produced and directed shows for Black Entertainment Television (BET and BET J) like the St. Lucia Jazz Festival Post Show 2006 and 2007, the Turks and Caicos Music Festival, 2006 and the 2007 Trinidad Carnival Special. She continues to produce and direct with selected on-air appearances.
Wickham produced and directed the stage production of the 2007 and 2008 COTT Music Awards and produced and co-directed the edited TV version of the show which was aired across the Caribbean.
Career.
Lisa Wickham is an Alumna of the Warwick Business School, UK (MBA with Distinction), University of the West Indies (BSc. Hons), Wirschaft Universität, Vienna, Austria, Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, India and the London Film Academy. During and after her school years Wickham has published in a number of business journals and newspapers and has conducted a number of motivational sessions and workshops,- throughout the Caribbean, for schools, organizations, Government community projects and the Trinidad & Tobago Defence Force.
Her extensive experience spans from General Manager of the University of the West Indies, Institute of Business (IOB) to being Head of the Global Quality Exchange, a World Bank Project for Business Expansion and Industrial Restructuring for Trinidad & Tobago and CEO of Vision Marketing Caribbean Co. Ltd She is currently the C.E.O of E-Zone Entertainment, a Division of Imagine Media International Limited.
Appearing on television since the age of six, she successfully made the transition from children’s TV to adult contemporary TV, hosting a series of successful TV productions including a daily morning prime time TV Show on national TV in Trinidad and Tobago and the popular E-Zone entertainment TV Magazine show which has been syndicated throughout the Caribbean and in the US on BET J. She has been a contributor to BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC 1 XTRA and has produced TV programmes for BET/BET J as well as the Government of Trinidad and Tobago.
In 2006 she founded E-Zone the Mag! magazine which features articles on Caribbean entertainment personalities.E-Zone the Mag!, and E-Zone TV Show have been used as teaching tools for the Caribbean Studies CAPE exam course in some high schools in Trinidad and Tobago and the Caribbean.
In 2007 and 2008, she was the Artistic Director and Producer (for both stage and television) of the highly acclaimed Annual COTT Music Awards, including the COTT Foundation Awards Dinner.
In 2009, Lisa was also the Producer-Trinidad for the UNICEF-MTV HIV/AIDS awareness film „Tribes‟ shot in Trinidad. She followed this up in 2010, as the Associate Director for the Best of CaribbeanTales Film Festival, Symposium and Film Market in Barbados. Ms. Wickham is currently the Producer of the Frances-Anne Solomon film BREAK OUT on the sex trade and transactional sex in Trinidad and Tobago.
Some Work Produced/ Directed.
Television Producer/Director – 
TV SHOWS (Some)

</doc>
<doc id="20874906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874906" title="Apollos University">
Apollos University

Apollos University, headquartered in Huntington Beach, California is an American privately owned distance education university. The university offers accredited 
The university was originally founded in August 2004 as a non-profit university. However, it closed the non-profit corporation and reopened as a for-profit corporation in May, 2005. The new corporation was named Apollos University of California with a “doing business as” name of Apollos University.
Apollos University received its approval from the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary and Vocational Education 
Apollos University (AU) is an accredited member of the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC). The U.S. Department of Education and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) recognizes the DETC as a National Institutional Accreditation Agency. 
Apollos University has a global staff and faculty. The university has students located in four different continents: North America, Africa, Asia and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20874910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874910" title="Sonshō-ji">
Sonshō-ji

History.
Sonshō-ji was founded in the early Heian period. Saishō-ji and the other Rokushō-ji establishments had a particular function within the Imperial . The Rokushō-ji were "sacred vow temples" ("gogan-ji") built by imperial command following a precedent established by Emperor Shirakawa's 
Hosshō-ji. Although these temple complexes were ostensibly established for a presumptively pious purpose,
The Rokushō-ji were also called the six "Superiority Temples;" and each were uniquely dedicated to an aspect of esoteric Buddhist ontology, as in 
Construction of the main Amitabha Hall at Sonshō-ji in Kyoto took two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20874921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874921" title="Mosque of Shaikh M. R. Bawa Muhaiyaddeen">
Mosque of Shaikh M. R. Bawa Muhaiyaddeen

The Mosque of Shaikh M. R. Bawa Muhaiyaddeen is located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on the grounds of the Bawa Muhaiyaddeen Fellowship. The building of the mosque took 6 months and was done by the members of the Bawa Muhaiyaddeen Fellowship under the direction of M. R. Bawa Muhaiyaddeen. It was completed by May, 1984, two years before his death in 1986. The official opening and dedication took place on May 27, 1984.
The liturgical prayers follow the Hanafi tradition.
The mosque provides activities similar to other Islamic mosques including the five daily Islamic prayers (salat), Jum'ah prayers every Friday, and classes in Arabic, Qur'an recitation, Salat and Islam. Unique to the mosque is the practice of early morning dhikr recitation (remembrance of God) using the practice instituted by Bawa Muhaiyaddeen.
Exterior Facade.
The front exterior of the mosque consists of three exterior panels each covered with Arabic calligraphy written in gold-leaf lettering. The writings are verses from the Quran, the 99 names of God, and the names of 25 major prophets from the Islamic tradition.
Center Panel
At the peak of the arch above the Arabic Allah, is written the Bismillah - "In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful".
There is an Arabic Allah inscribed inside a large circle in the center, which is surrounded by the 99 names of God, the Asma'ul-Husna.
Above two doors, which are the men's entrance to the mosque, is Quranic verse 29, from Suratul Araf - The Heights.
On the two doors is written the name of God, Allah, and the names of 25 prophets: Muhammad, Jesus, John, Zacharia, Luqman, Jonah, Elisha, Shu'aib, Moses, Aaron, David, Solomon, Elijah, Job, Joseph, Jacob, Isaac, Ishmael, Lot, Adam, Idris, Noah, Hud, Salih, and Abraham.
Right Panel
At the peak of the arch above the Arabic Allah, is written the Bismillah - "In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful".
There is an Arabic Allah inscribed inside a large circle in the center.
Below the Arabic Allah are written Quranic verses 255 through 257 from Suratul Baaqara - the Heifer.
Left Panel
At the peak of the arch above the Arabic Allah, is written the Bismillah - "In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful".
There is an Arabic Allah inscribed inside a large circle in the center. Below the Arabic Allah are written Quranic verses 35 through 38 from Suratun Nur - Light. Above the left panel is a frame with the words "Qadiriya Sufiya Tariqa" over "Shaikh M. R. Bawa Muhaiyaddeen".
Mosque Interior.
The mosque has two entrances for men and women respectively, leading to ablution rooms on the first floor. Stairways for each gender lead to the second floor prayer room, which can hold roughly 150 people. Above the rear half of the prayer room is a dome situated over the women's section.
The Mihrab (Niche)
The niche at the front of the mosque indicates the direction for prayer. Surrounding the niche in a rectangular border are the Quranic verses 127 and 128 from Suratul Baqara - the Heifer. At the peak of the arch is written the Bismillah - "In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful".
The Border
Encircling the room, where the interior walls meet the ceiling, is a border with a width of about 10 inches. Written upon the border are verses 1 through 26 of Suratul Kahf - The Cave.
The Dome
Encircling the base of the dome are sets of small windows set into the sides of an octagon. Each side holds 6 windows for a total of 48. The 99 names of Allah, the Asma'ul-Husna, are in the panes of the windows.
Below the windows is a border also completing a circle. On the border are written the following chapters of the Quran: Suratul Fatiha - The Opening, Suratul Iklas - Purity, Suratul Falaq - The Dawn, and Suratun Nas - Mankind.
Description of the Mosque by M. R. Bawa Muhaiyaddeen.
"When I came a second time in 1973 Ceylon to the USA as I was in meditation, I saw that I was building a mosque. Like the mosque that I had started in Ceylon, it stopped when it was about 24 inches high. I was building a similar mosque here the USA. The light of that mosque was so bright that it could give light all over America. From that mosque you could hear the adhan to prayer from this world to the hereafter. I was building a mosque like that.
"There were angels, Rasuls and myself building the mosque. The only remaining job was the painting of the dome. Everything else was completed. Its beauty and its lights were indescribable. It was effulgent everywhere. It was a beautiful mosque. Only the final painting of the dome was not finished. Again I related this to the children [members who were there.
"That is a mosque in the heaven called Firdaus. That mosque was built here in America by me. In America, it is possible to find people with a lot of iman who could reach that Firdaus. There was only a little work to be completed on that mosque. After seeing this, I told the children [members the mosque that I could not complete in Ceylon I have completed in the States. Similarly such a mosque will be built here. I saw this. It is according to this that we have all come here. This is Firdaus, that mosque."
"When you go to this Mosque outside and establish the right prayer, then you are really building a beautiful mosque within your heart, and that mosque is being built with God's qualities."
"The mosque that is here is not like the mosques that you see in the world. This is a mosque which has been built in Allah's protection. It is built out of His Daulat, His Wealth, and it is His Secret. The construction was by the angels and the heavenly beings. Their 'hands' have gone into the construction of this mosque. God's Qudrat, His power, is in this mosque. You think this mosque was built only last year. In fact, this mosque had been built long ago. The only thing we have done is to paint it. It is a mosque with extends to the seventh heaven above. It extends from the very beginning to the very end. It is a sufiyyat-marifat mosque. The only thing that was done recently was to have the upper part covered."
"In the same way as the Ka'bah was built and protected with the birth of every prophet, in this country, too, in the same way as this country was before with Iman-Islam, may You reinstate that state. And even though this mosque is small , let it be filled with the prayers as at the Ka'bah. To all those who belong there, to all those who come here, render their prayers as though it were at the Ka'bah. To all those who pray at this ka'bah, give them benefit as though they had performed Hajj, the pilgrimage, to all those who pray. Ya Rahman, please fulfill this prayer. Wherever they pray the prayer is to Allah. Wherever they turn, it is toward You, Ya Allah. It is a prayer of plentitude. May you make this grow all the time. In every heart. In the heart of every child. Amin. Amin. May You keep this lamp burning."
External links.
Building of the Mosque in Photos
https://picasaweb.google.com/100365101045530496759/THEBAWAMUHAIYADDEENFELLOWSHIPMOSQUEMAZAR

</doc>
<doc id="20874922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874922" title="Camp Mills">
Camp Mills

Camp Albert L. Mills (Camp Mills) was a military installation on Long Island, New York. It was located about ten miles from the eastern boundary of New York City on the Hempstead Plains near Garden City. It was named in honor of Major General Albert L. Mills, who was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Spanish-American War. 
The facility was one of several military establishments built during World War I in the Mineola, New York area that included the Aviation General Supply Depot and Concentration Camp; Hazelhurst Field (later Roosevelt Field) and Mitchel Field. 
History.
The mission of Camp Mills was initially the preparation of Army units prior to their deployment to Europe in World War I. It was established as temporary tent camp in September 1917 as a place to mobilize the 42nd Division, made up of National Guard units from various states. After the 42d left for the Western Front in France, the 41st Division followed, occupying the camp from October to November 1917. It was then ordered to be abandoned, but reestablished April 4, 1918, as a part of the Port of Embarkation at Hoboken, New Jersey to obtain additional facilities for troops in transit to Europe.
Camp Mills was expanded to a containment with wooden buildings for the accommodation of thousands of troops, who arrived from training camps across the United States. At Camp Mills, the units waited until they could be scheduled at one of the Ports of Embarkation and loaded onto troop ships for the crossing of the North Atlantic Ocean, primarily to the ports of Liverpool, England, or Brest, France. Facilities at Camp Mills included a hospital, warehouses, bakery, delousing plant and other facilities. It eventually consisted of about 1,200 buildings with a capacity of 46,000, including space for 40,000 transients (about half in barracks, half in tents), a 500 inmate detention camp and 5,500 members of a permanent garrision. A very large number of American soldiers shipped out to France from Camp Mills, at its peak in September 1918, over 31,000 troops were stationed there. Notable individuals who were assigned during World War I were: Douglas MacArthur, Wild Bill Donovan, Joyce Kilmer and Father Duffy among them. F. Scott Fitzgerald was a soldier at Camp Mills.
With the end of World War I in November 1917, Camp Mills then performed a mission to process the thousands of troops back into the United States as a demobilization center. Many returning units passed though it and were either demobilized or sent to other camps across the United States where the men were processed out of the Army and returned to civilian life.
With the last troops returning from Europe during the summer of 1919, the camp was ordered to be abandoned and sold, although operations continued until March 31, 1920, when garrison troops were transferred elsewhere. In 1938 Camp Mills was incorporated into Mitchel Field as part of an Air Corps expansion.
Aviation Concentration Center.
The Aviation General Supply Depot and Concentration Camp (Garden City) was a temporary wartime establishment located adjacent to Camp Mills, and shared many of its facilities. It was used for organizing, training, and equipping Air Service troops. Also originally a tent camp, it was established on 17 August 1917 to facilitate Air Service units for the purposes of embarkation to Europe, and after the armistice in November 1918, for the purposes of debarkation. The facility was later expanded with wooden buildings and turned into a containment. 
The Concentration Center was under the jurisdiction of the Operations Section, Department of Military Aeronautics. It was later re-designated as the Air Service Depot from October 1918 to April 1919 when it was consolidated with Hazelhurst Field and made part of Mitchel Field on 5 April 1919.
Present-day.
Today, Camp Mills and the Aviation Concentration Center are a part of the urban community of Hempstead and are totally unrecognizable from the urban area. A monument to the Rainbow Division {42nd) at St James Street and Rainbow Place in Garden City near the site of Camp Mills was restored and then rededicated on November 11, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20874926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874926" title="Imuruk Lake volcanic field">
Imuruk Lake volcanic field

The Imuruk Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field in western Alaska, United States, located in the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve in central Seward Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20874947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874947" title="Wilm Dedeke">
Wilm Dedeke

Wilm Dedeke (c.1460–c.1528) was a late gothic painter from Northern Germany. He was born in Lübeck.
Dedeke completed the Altar of St. Luke (Lukas-Altar) at the Hamburg Mariendom in 1499 for the Hamburg Guild of Saint Luke. It had been left unfinished by his late colleagues Hinrik Bornemann and Absolon Stumme; Dedeke married the widow of the latter man. In 1502 he attained the title of Master of the Brotherhood of St. Thomas. He has been identified with the anonymous "Master of the Halepagen Altar". He died in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20874959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874959" title="Cedariver">
Cedariver

Cedariver, formerly known as The Baker Reservation, is a open space preserve located on the Charles River in Millis, Massachusetts. The property, acquired in 2004 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, includes farm fields, woodlots, and of river frontage.
Cedariver is open to hiking, picnicing, car-top boating, cross country skiing, and other passive pursuits. A trailhead is located on Forest Road in Millis. The property was a 2004 gift of the family of Polly Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="20874971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874971" title="Barrie Meissner">
Barrie Meissner

Barrie Michael Meissner (born July 26, 1946 in Unity, Saskatchewan) is a former National Hockey League player for the Minnesota North Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20874988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20874988" title="Gyriscus">
Gyriscus

Gyriscus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Architectonicidae, the staircase shells or sundials.
Species.
Species within the genus "Gyriscus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20875003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875003" title="1978–79 Quebec Nordiques season">
1978–79 Quebec Nordiques season

The 1978–79 Quebec Nordiques season was the Nordiques' seventh season in the WHA, were coming off of a 40-37-3 record in the 1977–78 season and a loss in the playoff semi-finals. The Nordiques improved to 41–34–5 to qualify for the playoffs, but lost in the first round to eventual Avco Cup champions Winnipeg Jets.
After the season was finished, the WHA announced that four of its teams, the Nordiques, Edmonton Oilers, New England Whalers and Winnipeg Jets would be admitted to the National Hockey League as expansion teams for the 1979–80 NHL season, and that the WHA would cease operations. During their seven seasons in the WHA, Quebec had a record of 295-237-24, while winning the 1977 Avco Cup.
Off-season.
During the off-season, the league would lose the Houston Aeros, as they elected to fold as the club was not part of an NHL-WHA merger, leaving the WHA with seven teams. The league also announced that games against all-star teams from the Soviet Union, Czechoslovakia and Finland would once again count in the standings. The Nordiques would hire a new head coach, as Jacques Demers would take over from Maurice Filion, who ended the previous season as the interim head coach. Demers had previously coached the Indianapolis Racers and Cincinnati Stingers.
Regular season.
The Nordiques would start the season slowly, going winless in their opening five games, however, the team snapped out of their slump, winning ten of their next thirteen games to push themselves over the .500 mark. Quebec would stay consistent throughout the season, easily clinching a playoff berth, as the Nordiques would finish the season with a 41-34-5 record, finishing second in the league behind the Edmonton Oilers, who had eleven more points than Quebec.
Offensively, Quebec was led by Real Cloutier, who won the Bill Hunter Trophy by earning a league high 129 points. It was the fourth year in a row that a player from the Nordiques (Marc Tardif in 1976 and 1978, and Cloutier in 1977) would win that award. Cloutier scored a team record 75 goals, and added 54 assists. Marc Tardif had another solid season, scoring 41 goals and 96 points, while Serge Bernier added 36 goals and 82 points. Rich Leduc joined the 30 goal club, as he registered 30 goals and 62 points. On defense, Paul Baxter led the way, scoring 10 goals and 46 points, as well as a team high 240 PIM. Forty year old J. C. Tremblay had a productive year, earning 44 points in 56 games.
In goal, Richard Brodeur and Jim Corsi split the action, with Brodeur winning a team high 25 games, as well as a club best 3.11 GAA. Corsi had 16 victories and a 3.30 GAA, while both goaltenders earned three shutouts.
Playoffs.
In the opening round of the playoffs, Quebec would face the Winnipeg Jets in a best of seven semi-final series. The Jets finished the season with a 39-35-6 record, earning 84 points, and a third place finish. The series opened with two games in Quebec, however, the Jets struck first, easily dominating the Nordiques in the series opener, by winning the game 6-3, before crushing Quebec in the second game 9-2 to take a two game series lead. The series moved to Winnipeg for the next two games, and the Jets would stay hot, as they continued to dominate the Nordiques in the third and fourth games of the series, winning them 9-5 and 6-2 respectively to sweep Quebec out of the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20875013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875013" title="Peter Cowan (writer)">
Peter Cowan (writer)

Peter Cowan (4 November 1914 – 6 June 2002) was a Western Australian writer, noted especially for his short stories.
Biography.
Born in 1914 in South Perth, Peter Walkinshaw Cowan was the son of Norman Walkinshaw Cowan and Marie Emily Johnston. His grandmother was Australia's first female parliamentarian, Edith Dircksey Cowan. He was descended from several Western Australian pioneering families, including the Browns of York, the Cowans and the Wittenooms.
After leaving Wesley College, Perth in 1930, Cowan worked in insurance and as a farm labourer before completing his matriculation at Perth Technical College and subsequently entering the University of Western Australia in 1938. After completing his teaching qualifications, he worked as a teacher at Wesley College.
He married Edie Howard and they had a son, Julian. The family moved to Melbourne in 1943 while Cowan was serving in the RAAF. While in Melbourne, he became involved in the "Angry Penguins" modernist literary movement.
After the war, Peter Cowan returned to Perth and taught English and Geography for many years at Scotch College. In 1964, he became a Senior Tutor in English at the University of Western Australia, and later an Honorary Research Fellow after his retirement.
Works.
Peter Cowan published eight volumes of short stories, five novels and three biographies. He also edited two books of diaries and letters and co-edited seven volumes of short fiction.
His first published work was a short story, “Living”, published in "Angry Penguins" in 1943. Over the next twenty years he continued to publish short stories.
He received a Commonwealth Literary Fund Fellowship in 1963 to write his first novel, "Summer". His other novels included "Seed" (1966), "The Color of the Sky" (1986) and "The Hills of Apollo Bay" (1989).
In later years he was particularly active in recording his family’s pioneering history in Western Australia. He wrote a biography of his grandmother Edith Dircksey Cowan, entitled "A Unique Position" (1978), and a biography of her uncle Maitland Brown (1988), as well as editing the letters of Eliza and Thomas Brown ("A Faithful Picture", 1977), and the diary and reports of Walkinshaw Cowan ("A Colonial Experience", 1978).
For many years he was co-editor of the literary journal "Westerly" and wrote many articles and reviews for it.
His manuscripts and his extensive Australiana book collection are held in the Scholars’ Centre of the University of Western Australia Library.
Awards.
Peter Cowan’s novel "The Color of the Sky" won the Western Australian Premier’s Book Award for Fiction and the Western Australia Week Literary Award in 1986.
In 1987, he was made a Member of the Order of Australia and in 1992 he received the Patrick White Award for an Australian Writer of Great Distinction.
Edith Cowan University conferred its first Honorary Degree (Doctor of Philosophy) on Peter Cowan in 1995. In 1997 the Peter Cowan Writers’ Centre was established at the Joondalup Campus of Edith Cowan University, based in the reconstructed house of his grandmother.
He was named one of Western Australia’s Living Treasures in 1999, and was awarded a Centenary Medal in 2001 for service to literature through writing.

</doc>
<doc id="20875050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875050" title="HMS Glasgow (1757)">
HMS Glasgow (1757)

HMS "Glasgow" was a 20-gun sixth-rate post ship of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1757 and took part in the American Revolutionary War. She is most famous for her encounter with the maiden voyage of the Continental Navy off Block Island on 6 April 1776. 
Captain Tyringham Howe, sailed into the midst of an American squadron under the command of Commodore Esek Hopkins, and composed of the "Alfred", 24, "Columbus", 20, "Andrea Doria", 14, "Cabot", 14, and "Providence", 12. The British vessel engaged for over two hours with this very superior force, but succeeded in escaping, as the Americans were afraid that the noise of the firing would bring to the rescue a British squadron, which was lying at Newport. The "Glasgow" lost one killed and three wounded; the Americans, twenty-three or twenty-four killed and wounded.
She later chased two large Continental frigates in the Caribbean before she was accidentally burned in Montego Bay, Jamaica in 1779.

</doc>
<doc id="20875054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875054" title="Rokushō-ji">
Rokushō-ji

Six independently constructed and endowed temples have come to be known collectively as the "Six Victorious Temples", encompassing monasteries which had each enjoyed extravagant Imperial patronage from their inception. They are sometimes identified as the "Superlative Temples" or the ""Shō" Temples" because of the middle syllable of the temple name.
History.
The collective name of the Rokushō-ji was formalized in the early Heian period. The Rokushō-ji had a particular function within the Imperial . The Rokushō-ji were "sacred vow temples" ("gogan-ji") built by imperial command following a precedent established by Emperor Shirakawa's 
Hosshō-ji. Although these temple complexes were ostensibly established for a presumptively pious purpose,
The Rokushō-ji were also called the six "Superiority Temples;" and each were uniquely dedicated to an aspect of esoteric Buddhist ontology, as in 

</doc>
<doc id="20875070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875070" title="Frank Harris (quarterback)">
Frank Harris (quarterback)

Frank Harris is a former American football quarterback.
Harris played for the Boston College Eagles football team from 1968-1970. He finished his BC career first all time in passing yards (4,555), attempts (655), touchdowns (44), and interceptions (45). Although all of these records would be broken by Doug Flutie, Harris' 37 completions and 57 pass attempts against the Army Black Knights in 1968 are still BC records (Shawn Halloran and Matt Ryan have each tied the attempts record).
Harris was selected by the Detroit Lions in the 6th round (150th overall pick) in the 1971 NFL Draft. He was cut by the Lions at the end of the preseason.

</doc>
<doc id="20875087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875087" title="Alfonso Mejia-Arias">
Alfonso Mejia-Arias

Born in (Veracruz, Mexico. Sept 11, 1961. Musician, writer, social activist and politician of Roma origin (Gitano). Lived Mostly in Mexico City, where his family settled.
Career.
From his childhood joined musical associations that defined his vocation. He studied violoncello, Art History, ethnomusicology and choral and orchestral conduction at the National Conservatory of Music, and the National School of Music of UNAM. Disciple of prestigious teachers as Barbara Kaminska (Poland), Enrique Marmisolle, Jorge Cordova, Leonardo Velazquez and Christian Caballero among many others. Also attended Master Classes from Yo-Yo Ma and Mstislav Rostropovich.
Dr Mejia-Arias is a specialist in Japanese Traditional music and has been renowned in Japan as First Hispanic American Shakuhachi Player (Distinction granted by Dai Sensei Aoki Reibo, national living treasure). Also had personal guidance of Kifu Mitsuhashi, Hodo Yamaguchi and Katsuya Yokoyama at Mexico, Los Angeles, California, USA, and Okayama, Japan.
In Mexico learned composition and orchestral conduction from Humberto Hernández Medrano. Mejia-Arias is member of the Orchestral Conducting Workshop of Itzvan Lenker in New York, USA and San Salvador, Republic of El Salvador.
Also studied in Toyohashi, Nagoya, and Bisen, Okayama in Japan, New York, Los Angeles California, USA. "Baroque Music Interpretation" from Rainer Johansen and Isabel Shau of Musika Antiqua Köln, (Germany). "Interpretation and Ornamentation of Medieval, Renaissance and Baroque Music" from Philip Pickett, of The Musicians Of the Globe, London, UK.
Political career.
Alfonso Mejía Arias has participated in Mexican Politics, ran for a position representing the Partido Liberal Mexicano (2003), PLM, (Mexican Liberal Party). Openly criticized government polices, wrote in many publications as "La Noche de Las Luciérnagas" and "Podium", denouncing corruption and human rights violations in his country, as well those inflicted to Mexican ethnical minorities as those to his own Romani people settled in Mexico, actions that brought him prosecution from different parties, specially from the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), governing Mexico City and other important cities.
Works.
"Diferencias conceptuales entre los Barrocos Europeo y Mexicano" (Conceptual differences within European and Mexican Baroque) essay. As well as musicals and other multidisciplinary performances.

</doc>
<doc id="20875092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875092" title="Black Box Music">
Black Box Music

Black Box Music is an independent music and artist development company based out of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. The company, originally dubbed Black Box Recordings, began exclusively as a record label in 2003. It expanded to include booking and management services in recent years, prompting the brand change to Black Box Music in 2008. The Black Box Recordings brand still exists as the record label element of Black Box Music's full-service approach.
History.
At the outset, the label was started with the goal of giving up and coming Canadian artists an opportunity to take their careers to the next level. Now five years and over fourteen releases later, it is widely regarded as one of the strongest independent Canadian labels in the country. Black Box Recordings is currently distributed by Fontana North in Canada.
As the label grew, so did BBR's involvement in the careers of their artists, which developed into the artist management element of the company. Over the years, the management initiatives have expanded to include other artists of varying styles and profiles who are not signed to the Black Box Recordings record label.
"We pride ourselves on working with honest, genuine artists from a vast array of styles and profiles. We are, at the heart, an artist development company set on giving hard working artists the best shot at making a career in the music industry." - Black Box Music Facebook.
Roster.
Current.
Brighter Brightest (Black Box/MapleMusic)<br>
Classified (Half Life Records/Sony Music/Decon Records)<br>
Crash Parallel (Black Box)<br>
DreamFace (Black Box)<br>
Kayo Guevarra (Half Life Records/Single Release EMI)<br>
Living With Lions (Black Box/Adeline Records/Redfield Records/3Wise Records)<br>
Shad (Black Box/Decon Records)<br>
Ten Second Epic (Black Box/Hassle Records/Bullion Records)<br>
The Wooden Sky (Black Box)<br>
Northcote (Black Box)<br>
Lisa Scinta (Independent)<br>
Of All Things (Black Box)
Past.
The Fullblast (Black Box/Dine Alone Records)<br>
Rosesdead (Black Box/One Day Savior Recordings)<br>
Summer Hero (Black Box)<br>
Sydney (Black Box)<br>
The Wolfnote (Black Box)

</doc>
<doc id="20875109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875109" title="German rugby union cup">
German rugby union cup

The German rugby union cup (German: "DRV-Pokal") is the premier cup competition for men in the sport of Rugby Union in Germany.
In October 2009, it was proposed to discontinue both men's cup competitions after 2010, meaning, both the "DRV-Pokal" and the league cup were not to be played anymore after this season. However, this proposal was initially not carried out but neither competition was held in 2011–12. The "DRV-Pokal" however returned in 2012–13, now contested by the Bundesliga teams not qualified for the second round of the season and the best 2nd Bundesliga teams.
History.
The "DRV-Pokal" was established in 1962 under the guidance of the chairman of the "DRV", Heinz Reinhold. Originally, the trophy for the winner was a picture of the Brandenburg Gate, an important symbol of the cold war days in Germany.
In October 2010, the board of the German rugby federation proposed to discontinue both cup competitions after 2010. This decision required formal approval at the annual conference of the "DRV", which was not granted.
Modus.
In 2008-09, 16 teams took part in the final rounds of the competition, played in knock-out format. The games are played as single rounds with one club having the home advantage. The final was played on 1 May 2008.
In 2010-11, the competition was played in a different format, with four teams playing a final-four tournament in October 2010.
While not held in 2011–12 the competition returned in 2012–13, now contested between the worst-placed six Bundesliga teams after the first stage of the regular season and the best eight 2nd Bundesliga clubs.
Cup finals.
Source:
Winners.
As of 2013, this is the standing in the all-time winners list of the German cup:

</doc>
<doc id="20875136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875136" title="1999 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1999 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 25th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in Manila, Philippines starting December 25.
GMA Films’ Muro-Ami won 10 awards in the 1999 Metro Manila Film Festival--- Best Picture; Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Awards; Best Director (Marilou Diaz-Abaya); Best Supporting Actor (Pen Medina); Best Child Performer (Rebecca Lusterio); Best Cinematography (Rody Lacap); Best Editing (Jess Navarro); Best Production Design (Leo Abaya); Best Musical Score (Nonong Buencamino) and Best Sound Recording (Albert Michael Idioma ).
Viva Films’ Bulaklak ng Maynila received 5 awards--- Best Actor (Christopher de Leon); Best Actress (Elizabeth Oropesa); Best Supporting Actress (Angelu de Leon); Best Theme Song (Vehnee Saturno for “Anong Daling Sabihin”) and the Second Best Picture Award. The Third Best Picture Award went to Regal Films’ Sa Piling ng mga Aswang and the Best Float to Millenium Films’ Pepeng Agimat.
Final figures.
As of January 7, 2000.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20875137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875137" title="Steve DeVries">
Steve DeVries

Steve DeVries (born December 8, 1964, in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. 
DeVries enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 4 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 5 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of world no. 18 in 1993. During his tour days DeVries resided in San Mateo, California. Steve is currently the Head Tennis Professional at Green Valley Country Club in Fairfield, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20875141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875141" title="Deborah Richards">
Deborah Richards

Deborah Richards is an award winning Australian journalist, of English descent from the Edwards family. Richards has worked for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Essential Viewing Group, and Special Broadcasting Service.
Life.
Richards attended Brighton Beach Primary School in Melbourne, Australia, and then the Firbank Girls' Grammar School from Year 7, but transferred to Morongo Girls' College (now Kardinia International College) for the last term of Year 10 until graduation. She then enrolled at Monash University in 1972, taking an Arts degree, with a double major in Sociology and English. Richards deferred her English Honours year in 1976, and concentrated her efforts into building a mudbrick house in the Macclesfield area, located in the Dandenong Hills region, above Melbourne.
Career.
Richards career began at the ABC, in 1983, when she was selected for the television producer training course. Two years later, Richards moved to New South Wales to work at Four Corners. Her career there lasted nine years; two years was spent as a reporter, another two as an associate producer, and five as a field producer.
Richards was responsible for the "re-vamping" of Lateline (an ABC program), and the Business Show (an SBS program). She was the executive producer of MediaWatch, and has produced several Australian Stories, and a documentary on lymphoma for the Leukemia Foundation of Australia.
Richards presented "Earth Beat", and environmental program on Radio National for a short period of time. Richards left the program to have her first and only child.
In 2003, Richards, her husband, and daughter moved to the Southern Highlands of New South Wales. Since then, Richards has worked as a freelance journalist for the Sydney Morning Herald, the Australian Doctor, the Medical Observer, and the Australian Financial Review. She now works as the co-editor of a local, independent news magazine called "YourTimes", and also as the producer for the Intelligence Squared Australia Debates (also known as "iq2oz").
Awards.
She was jointly awarded a Golden Walkley Award in 1999, alongside Anne Connelly and Richard Ackland for their Cash For Comment affair exposé on MediaWatch. In 2003 Richards was listed as Health Journalist of the Year, presented by the National Press Club of Australia for a feature article about end-of-life decisions, which was presented in the Australian Doctor magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20875150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875150" title="Tall Stories (album)">
Tall Stories (album)

Tall Stories is the 1991 second album by Johnny Hates Jazz. Released more than three years after JHJ's debut album, "Tall Stories" features erstwhile producer and songwriter Phil Thornalley as lead singer, following the departure of original frontman Clark Datchler. On the eve of the album’s release, Thornalley and keyboardist Calvin Hayes were involved in a serious car crash that depleted the band's momentum. Once they recovered, the album was a commercial flop, and the band called it quits.
The album featured contributions from XTC's Dave Gregory (lead guitar) and Kasim Sulton of Utopia (backing vocals).

</doc>
<doc id="20875160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875160" title="Touchwood Hills">
Touchwood Hills

Touchwood Hills (Assiniboine: "cąkáǧicą baha bàha" ) are a range of hills located in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
In 2005, Ducks Unlimited Canada announced a ten-year study of how nesting success of prairie waterfowl varies in relation to the landscape types of the prairie pothole region, to be conducted in the Touchwood Hills area.
Touchwood Hills Regional Economic Development Authority.
The Touchwood Hills Regional Economic Development Authority (REDA) was created in 1995, and was the tenth REDA created in the province. In included the Rural Municipalities of Tullymet, Lipton, Cupar, Garry, Ituna Bon Accord, Kellross, Touchwood, Emerald and Kutawa; the towns of Cupar, Ituna and Southey; and, the villages of Dysart, Hubbard, Kelliher and Leross; the Crossroads Rural Development Corporation and the Carlton Trail Regional College.
Touchwood Hills Post.
Touchwood Hills Post was a Hudson's Bay Company trading post in Saskatchewan from 1852 to 1909. It was one of the few HBC posts not built on a river and supplied by canoe. Rather it was a resupply point and stopping place on the part of the Carlton Trail which ran from Fort Ellice on the Assiniboine River northwest to Fort Carlton on the Saskatchewan River. It was part of the Swan River District managed from Fort Pelly. The first post was erected by Thomas Taylor in September 1852 in the Big Touchwood Hills. After about 10 years it was moved a few miles south to the Little Touchwood Hills. After about 14 years, in 1879(?) it was moved a short distance northeast to its final location. It was in buffalo country and produced mainly buffalo pemmican and some muskrat fur. By 1895 the local Indians had been settled in reserves and Touchwood Hills Post became more of a general store and post office for the local settlers. It was closed in 1909 due to competition from the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway which was built nearby the year before.
All that remains of the original fort are the cellar depression, and a segment of the Carlton Trail. The site is commemorated by a plaque, and concrete markers outline the locations of the original buildings.
In 1986, the Touchwood Hills Post historic park was designated a Provincial Park.
As of June 2012 geonames.org gives its location as (), but google Earth places it at () which is about 20 km west. Fort Pelly was afout 150 km east and Last Mountain House about 75 km west. Quill Lakes were about 50 km north. For background see Assiniboine River fur trade.
Touchwood Hills People.
The Touchwood Hills People, or "Pusakawatciwiyiniwak" were part of a larger group known as the Downstream People, or "Mamihkiyiniwak", who occupied the southeastern plains and utilized the Assiniboine River, Red River and Lake Winnipeg waterways. The Touchwood Hills People consisted of four bands under the leadership of chief "Kawacatoose" (Poorman or Lean Man): "Kawacatoose", "Kaneonuskatew" (One that walks on four claws or George Gordon), "Muscowequan" (Hard Quill), and "Kisecawchuck "(Daystar). "Kawacatoose" and the other chiefs signed Treaty 4, which created the Kawacatoose First Nation, Gordon First Nation, Muskowekwan First Nation, Day Star First Nation. Along with the Fishing Lake First Nation, these bands are collectively a part of the Touchwood Agency Tribal Chiefs (TATC).

</doc>
<doc id="20875164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875164" title="James Killane">
James Killane

James Joseph Killane (22 October 1874 – 26 April 1930) was an Irish politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Longford–Westmeath constituency at the 1923 general election. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election but was re-elected at the September 1927 general election as a Fianna Fáil TD. He died during the 6th Dáil and the by-election caused by his death, held on 13 June 1930, was won by James Geoghegan of Fianna Fáil.

</doc>
<doc id="20875165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875165" title="Seton's Wild Animals">
Seton's Wild Animals

In 1963, the segment titled won the 4th Kodansha Children's Manga Award.
Titles.
In addition to the volumes listed below, Shogakukan published in 1999 a set of two volumes containing the entire series.

</doc>
<doc id="20875253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875253" title="Peter Cowan">
Peter Cowan

Peter Cowan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20875266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875266" title="Jakob Zukrigl">
Jakob Zukrigl

Jakob Zukrigl (July 26, 1807 - June 9, 1876) was an Austrian-German Catholic theologian born in the Moravian village of Gross-Olkowitz. He was a prominent supporter of the philosophical teachings of Anton Günther (1783-1863).
Following his ordination in 1831, he worked as a chaplain in the town of Laa. Later he served as a chaplain in Hainburg and afterwards in Vienna (1840), where in 1847 he was appointed professor of Christian philosophy at the university. Soon afterwards, he relocated to the University of Tübingen, where he was a professor of philosophy and apologetics from 1848 to 1873. Among his written works are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20875287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875287" title="Crozerville">
Crozerville

Crozerville is a town in Montserrado County, Liberia, along the Saint Paul River. Crozerville is notable for being one of the few Americo-Liberian settlements founded by immigrants from the Caribbean, instead of the United States.
The town is located 15 miles from Monrovia, the capital city of Liberia.
History.
Crozerville was settled by immigrants from Barbados. The immigration was the result of a visit by a Liberian delegation to Barbados in the 1860s, where they invited Barbadians and others from the Caribbean to emigrate to Liberia. 
In 1864, Joseph S. Attwell, who was born in Barbados, came to the United States to collect funds to assist his compatriots in emigrating to Liberia. He collected about US$20,000, and was instrumental in the founding of the settlement of Crozerville.
On April 6, 1865, the American Colonization Society chartered the ship “Cora”, with 346 Barbadian emigrants for Liberia, where they arrived in Monrovia on May 10, 1865. Many of the emigrants came from the Parish of Christ Church in southern Barbados. Some of the Barbadians later moved from Monrovia to the neighboring country of Sierra Leone, while others founded the Crozerville settlement.
The town was named after John P. Crozer and Samuel A. Crozer, brothers and American Colonization Society benefactors from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania who were influential in organizing the Barbadian emigration project.
Crozerville residents were known as skilled mechanics and farmers (especially in producing arrowroot and ginger), and some residents and their descendants quickly became part of Liberia’s Americo-Liberian elite. 
The town was the birthplace of Albert Porte, political critic of Barbadian ancestry who was also the editor of the "Crozerville Observer". In 1946, Porte became the first Liberian journalist to be imprisoned by President William Tubman.

</doc>
<doc id="20875293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875293" title="2004 UAAP Women's Volleyball">
2004 UAAP Women's Volleyball


</doc>
<doc id="20875294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875294" title="Parker Teenie Two">
Parker Teenie Two

The Parker Teenie Two is a single-seat, single-engine sport aircraft first built in the United States in 1969 and marketed for homebuilding. It is a low-wing, cantilever monoplane of conventional configuration and fixed tricycle undercarriage. The cockpit was designed to be left open, but plans for a canopy to enclose it were made available, the use of which would increase the top speed of the aircraft. The Teenie Two was specifically designed to use a converted Volkswagen automobile engine for power. The outer wing panels can be detached for transport or storage.
It was featured on the cover of a Popular Mechanics magazine issue in May, 1971. The caption on the cover read, "Build a VW-Powered Plane for $750."
The Teenie Two may be certified in the Experimental category in the US. A pilot license is required to fly it, as it is not considered an ultralight aircraft in the United States. The airplane does however meet the Light Sport Aircraft requirements as defined by the FAA.
Development.
Drawing from the experience with his previous design, the Jeanie's Teenie, Calvin Parker set out to refine the popular airplane. Improvements on the Jeanie's Teenie included adoption of a fixed horizontal stabilizer, over the all flying tail of the former machine. The aft fuselage was smoothed to follow a straight line from the cockpit to the tail, an aesthetic change that replaced the older plane's bent back appearance. Fuel capacity was increased as was horsepower, resulting in a heavier but faster airplane. Brakes were added as a requirement, as the lighter Jeanie's Teenie could get by without them. The end product was a smoother, streamlined appearance and better handling. The new airplane was named Teenie Two.
Design.
Teenie Two was conceived as an airplane that could be built using only hand tools, things that would be possessed by the average person in the early 1970s. The philosophy was Keep It Simple. It was intended to be within reach of someone with no previous experience in building an airplane, or in metal work. To this end, the parts are laid out in such a way that they do not require complex jigs or frames of any kind. The materials were also selected because they could be obtained at a typical hardware store of the day.
Power is derived from the ubiquitous air cooled Volkswagen automobile engine with modifications laid out by the designer in the plans.
The fuselage is a monocoque design. The empennage consists of a single vertical tail with a hinged rudder. The horizontal stabilizer is fixed, an improvement over Parker's earlier design, the Jeanie's Teenie. A hinged elevator is attached to the horizontal tail.
The wings are a fully cantilevered design. The outer wing panels, 6 feet in length each, are detachable to facilitate ground transportation. To simplify construction, each wing rib is a single piece and slides onto the main spar, a technique that helps in rib alignment. The main spar utilizes a special channel that allows the outer wings to flex and minimizes the amount of material required for bracing. The Teenie Two is not equipped with flaps.
The landing gear is tubular steel, with automotive valve springs and rubber hose inside, for shock absorption. The landing gear is a fixed tricycle configuration with nose wheel steering through rudder bar deflection. The main gear is designed to fail in the event of excessive stress, thus preventing damage to the wing structure. The wing center section design, makes up part of the main landing gear attachment. The tricycle configuration also eases ground handling.
The cockpit is ideally minimal, equipped with instrumentation for simple, day, VFR flying. Aileron and elevator control is affected through use of a side stick. This makes ingress/egress of the tight cockpit simpler and prevents leg movements from imparting motion to the stick inflight. Rudder control is by use of a rudder bar rather than individual pedals, thus reducing complexity. Flight controls are attached and actuated with push rods rather than cables.
New designs have the luxury of materials and tools that did not exist or were not readily available to the builders of the 1970s. In principle it is possible to refine older methods, and utilize more diverse materials in construction but the Teenie Two is meant to be built as a minimal airplane, with minimal tools, complexity, skillset, and expense.
The Teenie Two is constructed primarily of aluminum, with stainless steel and steel making up the balance. Parts are made from sheet, angle, and tubular stock. The aluminum sheet and extruded angles are limited to two required thicknesses, thus simplifying purchases. Components are fastened using steel mandrel blind rivets of various length. The sheet metal is formed over wooden templates traced from the full sized plans. Very little welding is required, and is generally limited to the landing gear, motor mounts, and small control linkages. The airplane is small enough that it can be built in a garage, on a large table. The aircraft can be built in around 300 hours.
The flight characteristics of the design were intended to be quick but not oversensitive, for mild aerobatics and handling in rough air. The side stick controller also necessitated full control authority by wrist movement alone. With a fuel capacity of 9 gallons and a typical cruise power setting, the Teenie Two has an endurance of nearly 3 hours.
Variants.
The Teenie Two design was the inspiration for another airplane designed by Gary Watson, called the Watson Windwagon. A redesign of the Watson Windwagon by Morry Hummel, led to the popular Hummelbird airplane. A closer derivative of the Teenie Two optimized for aerobatics, was developed by Bradley Aerospace and called the Bradley Aerobat.

</doc>
<doc id="20875298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875298" title="Averill Park Central School District">
Averill Park Central School District

Averill Park Central School District (APCSD) is a rural fringe public school district located east of the city of Rensselaer in south central Rensselaer County, New York. The district has five operating school buildings: three elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school. The district is a member of the Rensselaer-Columbia-Greene Board of Cooperative Educational Services (BOCES), known as Questar III.
Geography.
The district serves ten towns in Rensselaer County and encompasses roughly in the towns of Berlin, Brunswick, East Greenbush, Grafton, Nassau, North Greenbush, Poestenkill, Sand Lake, Schodack, and Stephentown. The district is bordered by Brunswick (Brittonkill) Central School District to the north; Berlin Central School District to the east; New Lebanon Central School District to the south; and East Greenbush Central School District, Wynantskill Union Free School District, and The Enlarged City School District of Troy to the west.
Administration.
Board of Education.
The Board of Education (BOE) is the authoritative legislative body of the school district. It approves policy and funding; sets committees and district priorities; and approves employment (including the Superintendent) within the district, among other things. The BOE is made up of seven members. Until 2006-07-01, each member served for five years. Members elected after that date now serve three-year terms.
Superintendent.
Dr. James D. Hoffman is the Superintendent of Schools. The Superintendent is the Chief Administrative Officer of the district and is responsible for the day to day operations of the district in addition to administering policies of the Board.
Schools.
The district is served by three elementary schools: Miller Hill, Poestenkill, and West Sand Lake Elementary Schools. The former George Washington and Sand Lake Elementary Schools were closed in June 2010 amid budget difficulties. Algonquin Middle School (grades 6-8) and Averill Park High School are the lone middle and high schools of the district, respectively. Each building has its own building principal.

</doc>
<doc id="20875309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875309" title="Use forms of explosives">
Use forms of explosives

Explosive materials are produced in numerous physical forms for their use in mining, engineering, or military applications. The different physical forms and fabrication methods are grouped together in several Use forms of explosives.
Explosives are sometimes used in their pure forms, but most common applications transform or modify them.
These use forms are commonly categorized as:
Castings.
Castings, or castable explosives, are explosive materials or mixtures in which at least one component can be safely melted at a temperature which is safe to handle the other components, and which are normally produced by casting or pouring the molten mixture or material into a form or use container.
In modern usage, Trinitrotoluene or TNT is the basic meltable explosive used in essentially all castable explosives.
Other ingredients found in modern castable explosives include:
Common castable explosives include:
Polymer bonded.
Polymer-bonded explosives, also known as Plastic-bonded explosives or simply PBX, are a relatively solid and inflexible explosive form containing a powdered explosive material and a polymer (plastic) binder. These are usually carefully mixed, often with a very thin coating of the polymer onto the powder grains of the explosive material, and then hot pressed to form dense solid blocks of PBX material.
There are numerous PBX explosives, mostly based on RDX, HMX, or TATB explosive materials. An extensive but by no means complete list of PBX materials is in the main Polymer-bonded explosive article. The major naming systems for PBX use:
LX numbers range from 1 to 17. PBX system numbers start around 9000 and use numerous scattered numbers between there and 9700.
Some commonly known PBXes are:
PBXes are notable for their use in modern Nuclear weapons. Modern US and British nuclear warheads nearly all use insensitive PBX types using only TATB explosive, to increase safety in case of accidents.
Putties, aka Plastic explosives.
Technically known as putties, but more commonly plastic explosives, these mixtures are a thick, flexible, moldable solid material that can be shaped and will retain that shape after forming, much like clay. Putties normally contain mostly RDX explosive, but may include some PETN (Semtex, for example).
Some common putties are:
Rubberized.
Rubberized explosives are flat sheets of solid but flexible material, a mixture of a powdered explosive (commonly RDX or PETN) and a synthetic or natural rubber compound. Rubberized sheet explosives are commonly used for explosive welding and for various other industrial and military applications. Rubberized explosives can be cut to specific shape, bent around solid surfaces, glued or taped in place, or simply laid on relatively flat surfaces.
Some common rubberized explosives include:
Extrudable.
Extrudable explosives are an extremely viscous liquid, similar in properties to silicone based caulking materials used in construction. It is used in similar ways - stored in a container, then extruded out a nozzle into thin cracks, holes, or along surfaces.
Some extrudable explosives can then be hardened using a heat curing process. Others will remain a viscous fluid permanently.
Common extrudable explosives include:
Binary.
Binary explosives are cap-sensitive (detonatable with a standard #8 blasting cap) two-part explosives mixtures, shipped separately and combined at the use site.
Many of these mixtures are based on Ammonium nitrate as an oxidizer plus a volatile fuel, but unlike ANFO (ammonium nitrate fuel oil explosive) these binaries can be detonated by blasting caps. ANFO requires high explosive boosters to detonate it.
Most binary explosives are a slurry after mixing, but some form a fluid with solid components dissolved into liquid ones.
Some common binary explosives include:
The historical but now uncommon Astrolite explosive is also a binary explosive.
This category is somewhat unusual in that a single explosives researcher, Gerald Hurst, was responsible for inventing and developing most of the explosive mixtures now in use.
Blasting agents.
Blasting agents are explosive materials or mixtures which are not detonatable by standard #8 blasting caps.
The best known blasting agent is ANFO explosive, a mixture containing primarily ammonium nitrate with a small quantity (typically around 6%) of fuel oil, most commonly diesel fuel. Other fuels and additives are used as well.
While ANFO is often made on-site using fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate, blasting agents can also be purchased in prepackaged form, usually in metal or cardboard cylinders. Some brand names of packaged blasting agents include:

</doc>
<doc id="20875334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875334" title="Gyriscus asteleformis">
Gyriscus asteleformis

Gyriscus asteleformis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Architectonicidae, known as the staircase shells or sundials.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to New Zealand, found between the northern tip of the North Island and the Three Kings Islands.
Habitat.
This species is found at depths of about 90 m.
Description.
The shell height is up to 8 mm, and the width is up to 7.5 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="20875377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875377" title="Mista">
Mista

Mista may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20875397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875397" title="Sigma 150mm f/2.8 APO Macro EX DG HSM lens">
Sigma 150mm f/2.8 APO Macro EX DG HSM lens

The Sigma 150mm 2.8 APO Macro EX DG HSM is a telephoto macro prime lenses made by the Sigma Corporation. 
The lens is produced for the SA mount, Canon EF mount, Four Thirds System, and the Nikon F-mount varieties, all have the same optical formula.
When used on a digital crop body with a field of view compensation factor of 1.6x, such as the Canon EOS 450D, it provides a narrower field of view, equivalent to an 240mm lens mounted on a 35mm frame body. With a 1.5x body such as the Nikon D300 It provides a less narrow field of view, equivalent to an 225mm lens mounted on a 35mm frame body. With a 1.3x body such as the Canon EOS-1D Mark III It provides an even less narrow field of view, equivalent to an 195mm lens mounted on a 35mm frame body.
Technical information.
The Sigma 150mm 2.8 APO Macro EX DG HSM is a consumer-level macro lens. It is constructed with a plastic body and a metal mount. This lens features a distance window with magnification scale. An 9-blade, maximum aperture of 2.8 gives this lens the ability to create very shallow depth of field effects. The optical construction of this lens contains 16 lens elements, including two SLD (Special Low Dispersion) elements. This lens uses an inner focusing system, powered by a ring type HSM motor. Auto focus speed of this lens is slow in absolute terms, being a macro lens it is not as fast as most ring HSM lenses. However, it remains very decent for a macro lens. The front of the lens does not rotate nor extend when focusing. This lens is compatible with Sigma teleconverter lenses.

</doc>
<doc id="20875401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875401" title="2009 BC Lions season">
2009 BC Lions season

The 2009 BC Lions season was the 52nd season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 56th overall. The Lions finished the season in fourth place in the West Division with a disappointing 8–10 record after losing their last three regular season games. While it was their first losing record since 2001, they still managed to play in the East-Semi Final playoff game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats after that same team eliminated the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the last game of the season. The Lions would go on to play in the first East Final in franchise history, which they lost to the Montreal Alouettes. It was the sixth consecutive appearance for the Lions in a division final and the third consecutive season that their season was ended by the eventual Grey Cup champions.
Offseason.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. The Lions traded their sixth and thirteenth overall picks for Hamilton's third overall pick in order to secure the chance to draft Bishop's running back Jamall Lee.
Playoffs.
East Semi-Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 15, 10:00 AM Pacific Standard Time<br>Venue: Ivor Wynne Stadium, Hamilton, Ontario
East Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 22, 10:00 AM Pacific Standard Time<br>Venue: Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec

</doc>
<doc id="20875406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875406" title="Newstone Capital Partners">
Newstone Capital Partners

Newstone Capital Partners is a firm that provides debt capital to private equity sponsors pursuing leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and later-stage growth financing. The firm has approximately $1.7 billion of assets under management.
The firm, which was founded in 2006, is based in Los Angeles and has offices in Dallas. 
History.
In 2006, TCW/Crescent Mezzanine professionals John Rocchio and Timothy Costello left TCW to launch the new firm, Newstone Capital Partners, with approximately $865 million of investor capital committed to its debut fund.

</doc>
<doc id="20875416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875416" title="Furniture (typesetting)">
Furniture (typesetting)

In typesetting, furniture is a term for pieces of wood that are shorter than the height of the type. These pieces are used to lay out type by blocking out empty spaces (white space) in a layout set in a chase.

</doc>
<doc id="20875436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875436" title="Bennie Gonzales">
Bennie Gonzales

Bennie M. Gonzales FAIA (June 11, 1924 – November 20, 2008) was an US architect known for a distinctive style of Southwestern architecture which has since been widely copied. Gonzales designed most of Scottsdale, Arizona's, major municipal buildings including Scottsdale City Hall, the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts and the Civic Center Library. His resume also included hundreds of private homes and residences throughout Arizona.
Examples of Gonzales's work can be found sprinkled across Arizona, the United States and the world. High profile buildings designed by Gonzales include the Heard Museum in central Phoenix; the Cotton Hotel in Phoenix; the former Armour-Dial building on Scottsdale Road in Scottsdale; and two churches located in Paradise Valley, Arizona, – the Gloria Del Lutheran Church and the Christ Church of the Ascension.
Gonzales received 131 separate architectural design awards throughout his career, including several awards from the American Institute of Architects.
Early life.
He was born Barnaby Gonzales in Phoenix, Arizona, in 1924. As a child, Gonzales worked at his uncle's adobe brick factory, which produced building materials for the famed Arizona Biltmore Hotel. He first saw architect Frank Lloyd Wright at the hotel when he was just 8 years old. The brief sighting of Wright made an impression on the young Gonzales, who decided to pursue a career in architecture. 
Gonzales attended Phoenix Union High School. He enlisted in the United States Coast Guard during World War II. It was during his time in the Coast Guard that he earned the nickname "Bennie" when a military recruiter decided to call him that instead of his given name, Barnaby.
He returned to Arizona following the end of World War II and took a position as a Phoenix firefighter. Gonzales enrolled at Arizona State University's fledgling architecture degree program, eventually becoming one of the program's first two graduates. His one architecture classmate was Frank Henry, who now teaches at the Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture.
Gonzales also studied at the University of Mexico, where he took a particular interest in Mayan design and motifs.
Career.
A hallmark of Gonzales designs was a total lack of right angles within his projects. His widespread use of wide angles allowed open space within his architectural designs. He also actively incorporated Southernwestern and Arizonan-based cultural elements within his buildings, such as westward facing hogan entrances or patterns based on traditional Navajo rugs. His blending of brad angles and cultural elements produced a distinctive Southwestern style of architecture, which has been widely imitated throughout the region.
Gonzales' first commission as an architect was to design the library in Nogales, Arizona. The project earned him an award from the American Institute of Architects.
Gonzales' career was at its zenith during the 1960s and 1970s, when he was hired and commissioned to design many of Scottsdale's municipal buildings, which are still in use today. He designed the city of Scottsdale's main library, city hall, and the art complex, which is located across from the Civic Center Plaza. His design for Scottsdale City Hall included a feature called a kiva, which was highly unusual at the time, for public meetings rather than a traditional meeting space. The kiva, which is a Hopi term for an "open pit gathering space," was designed by Gonzales to have no walls or doors to separate it from the city hall's offices. Most of the Gonzales-designed public buildings were opened in 1968.
Gonzales also designed hundreds of single family homes, multifamily residences and public buildings across Arizona. His home on Palo Christi in Paradise Valley was featured in the February 10, 1967 issue of Life Magazine. Other projects included the hospital in Chinle.
Additionally, Gonzales designed numerous buildings throughout the world. One of his most prominent buildings outside of the United States was a $1.5 billion residence, which he designed for the Saudi Royal Family. The residence was constructed by Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden, a wealthy Saudi businessman and builder who was the father of Osama bin Laden.
Gonzales and his wife, Diane, built their home in Nogales using recycled materials. He focused largely on the new homes in the hills around Nogales during his later career.
Death.
Bennie Gonzales died of Alzheimer's disease at his home in Nogales, Arizona, on November 20, 2008, at the age of 84. He was survived by his wife, Diane, and two children from his earlier marriage (to Lupe Baca), Barney "B.J." Gonzales and Bianca Gonzales-Borman.
Architect Will Bruder reacted to Gonzales' death saying, "He (Gonzales) was an overlooked giant among architects of our generation in this Valley."

</doc>
<doc id="20875452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875452" title="2009 Calgary Stampeders season">
2009 Calgary Stampeders season

The 2009 Calgary Stampeders season is the 52nd season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 71st overall. The Stampeders attempted to repeat as Grey Cup champions.
The Stampeders finished in second place with a 10–7–1 record. They appeared in the West Final but lost to the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Offseason.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. The Stampeders selected safety Eric Fraser of Central Michigan University in the first round, eighth overall.
Playoffs.
West Semi-Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 15, 2:30 PM Mountain Standard Time<br>Venue: McMahon Stadium, Calgary, Alberta
West Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 22, 2:30 PM Mountain Standard Time<br>Venue: Mosaic Stadium, Regina, Saskatchewan

</doc>
<doc id="20875458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875458" title="Tasmanian trail">
Tasmanian trail

The Tasmanian Trail is a long distance path in Tasmania, Australia. It was inspired by the Bicentennial National Trail opened on the mainland in 1988.
It runs from Devonport in the north of the state to Dover in the South East and is 460 km long. It consists of 15 sections. Each section is approximately one day's journey for a horse rider or cyclist. The trail can be hiked, but its use of roads and other vehicle tracks means it is not always appealing to walkers. Many sections end at a town or a dedicated campsite. Campsite quality varies, but the trail co-ordinators aim to create three-sided huts, a water tank, a pit toilet, picnic tables and cleared tent sites at each.
The track runs mainly through state forest, national parks and other reserves. The trail often leaves valleys to seek ridge lines which then offer many scenic outlooks. The trail commences with a gentle grade on a made road from Devonport which runs beside the Mersey river. It soon enters rougher terrain including the Cluan Tiers, Great Western Tiers and then climbs into the Central Highlands. The trail then passes through Great Lakes region across the highlands to the Derwent River. At New Norfolk the trail leaves the Derwent and climbs over the mountain pass of the old stock route to the Huon River valley using a track around the ‘back’ of Hobart’s Mount Wellington.
The towns the track passes through (or near) are Latrobe, Railton, Sheffield, (Deloraine), Bracknell, Arthurs Lake, Miena, Bronte Park, Ouse, Bushy Park, Glenora, New Norfolk, Lachlan, Judbury, (Geeveston) and Dover.
Highlights of the track include:
The Tasmanian Trail is managed by volunteers and the Tasmanian State Government Forestry Department.

</doc>
<doc id="20875468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875468" title="2009 Detroit Lions season">
2009 Detroit Lions season

The 2009 Detroit Lions season was the franchise's 80th season overall in the National Football League. The Lions spent the whole season at the bottom of their division and finished at 2–14. it was the first season with the Lions for new head coach Jim Schwartz, and most of his new coaching staff. The Lions also introduced slightly new uniforms and logos.
Offseason.
Repercussions of 2008 season.
On December 29, 2008, the day after the last game of the 0–16 2008 season, Detroit Lions owner William Clay Ford, Sr. announced head coach Rod Marinelli had been fired. His record with the Lions was 10–38 in three seasons.
He also announced:
New uniform and logo designs.
The Lions officially unveiled a somewhat new logo design and uniforms on April 20, 2009 at a public press conference at a local Dunham's Sports store. The Lion on the helmet now has a flowing mane and fangs, and the font of "Lions" is more modern and stylish.
The Lions' throwback uniforms that used were in 2008 became their official third uniform, however they were not used in 2009. The black jerseys used from 2005–2007 were officially discontinued on February 9, 2009, according to Lions team president Tom Lewand.
Personnel.
Corey Smith disappearance.
On March 1, 2009 it was reported that free agent defensive end Corey Smith (who played for the Lions from 2006–2008) boarded a fishing boat off the Gulf Coast of Florida with former teammate Marquis Cooper (most recently of the Oakland Raiders) and former University of South Florida players Nick Schuyler and William Blakely on February 28. Smith and Cooper played together on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2004. They did not return as expected and the men and their boat were searched for by the U.S. Coast Guard for 3 days. The National Weather Service said waves were about 2 to 4 feet Saturday morning and increased to 3 to 5 feet in the afternoon. Late Saturday night, a small craft advisory was issued, when winds were around 20 knots and waves were up to 7 feet or more. On March 2, at approximately 1:30 pm, Coast Guard Petty Official James Harless reported that Schuyler had been found alive "clinging to an overturned vessel". He was later diagnosed with hypothermia and dehydration.
On March 3, the Coast Guard called off the search.
Later that day, the Lions released this statement:
A private search led by the families of the still missing men began on March 4.
The Lions have also announced that Smith's jersey number, 93, will not be issued for the 2009 season.
The Lions also wore a 93 on the back of their helmets.
2009 NFL Draft.
With their league worst record in 2008, the Lions secured the No. 1 overall pick in the 2009 NFL Draft. Detroit also had the No. 20 overall pick in the first round, which they received from the Dallas Cowboys as part of the Roy Williams trade in 2008. The trade also gave them additional picks in the 3rd and 6th rounds.
The Lions traded its 2009 fourth-round selection (101st overall) and its 2008 third-round selection (111th overall, which was traded to Cleveland) to Dallas for its 2008 third-round selection (92nd overall, used to select Cliff Avril).
The Lions selected University of Georgia quarterback Matthew Stafford for the No. 1 overall pick. The six-year contract reportedly contains $41.7 million in guaranteed money (the most guaranteed to any player in NFL history) and carries a total value of up to $78 million.
Schedule.
Regular season.
COLOR KEY AND NOTES:
Regular season results.
Week 1: at New Orleans Saints.
The Lions began their season down south, taking on the New Orleans Saints. The Saints struck first with just over 12 minutes left in the first quarter with a 9-yard TD catch by Marques Colston from Drew Brees. They made it 14–0 3 minutes later when Robert Meachem caught a 29-yard TD pass by Brees. The Lions got on the board with just over 5 minutes left in the 1st quarter with a 47 yard Jason Hanson field goal. They scored again just after the start of the second quarter when Kevin Smith ran in a TD from 4 yards out. The Saints responded 10 minutes later with 2 back to back TD's by Jeremy Shockey: from 1 yard and 15 yards respectively, putting the Saints up 28–10 at halftime. After the break, Lions QB Matt Stafford ran a TD in himself from 1 yard out. The Saints responded a few minutes later with a 39-yard field goal by John Carney. The Lions countered with a 24 yard Jason Hanson field goal 3 minutes later. Less than 20 seconds later, the Saints' Devery Henderson caught a 58 TD-yard pass. The Lions responded when Louis Delmas picked up a Saints fumble and ran it back 65 yards for a TD. The only score of the 4th quarter was a 13-yard TD catch by Heath Evans of the Saints.
With the loss, the Lions began their season 0–1 which brought their steak to 18 consecutive losses.
Week 2: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
For their home opener, the Lions hosted division rivals the Minnesota Vikings. The Lions struck first with a 30-yard Jason Hanson field goal in the first quarter. They went ahead 10–0 in the second quarter when Calvin Johnson caught an 8-yard TD pass from Matthew Stafford. The Vikings got on the board a few minutes later when Visanthe Shiancoe caught a 1-yard TD pass from Brett Favre. 
The third quarter was all Minnesota: first a 26-yard field goal by Ryan Longwell, then a 27-yard TD run by Adrian Peterson. The Vikings added to their lead in the fourth quarter with another field goal, this one from 46 yards out; then a 3-yard TD catch by Percy Harvin. The Lions got their only points of the second half with a 48-yard field goal. 
With their 19th straight regular season loss, the Lions fell to 0–2. This also became the 2nd straight season where they have started a season at 0–2.
Week 3: vs. Washington Redskins.
In week 3, the Lions hosted the Washington Redskins. The first half was all Detroit. After a goal line stand on a Redskins 4th and 1, the Lions drove 99 yards and scored with a Bryant Johnson 21-yard TD catch. Next in the second quarter were two field goals by Jason Hanson, from 39 yards and 26 yards out respectively, putting the Lions up 13–0 at halftime. The Redskins got on the board in the third quarter with a 57-yard TD catch by Santana Moss. The Lions scored next with a 2-yard TD run by Maurice Morris but failed on the 2-point conversion. The final score of the game was a 4-yard TD pass by Rock Cartwright. The Lions defense prevented the Redskins' comeback, stopping a touchdown drive in the final seconds of the game. This win was the Lions' first regular-season victory since December 23, 2007, ending a franchise-record 19 consecutive losses, which was also the 2nd longest losing streak in NFL history, behind the 1976–77 Tampa Bay Buccaneers' streak of 26 straight losses as they improved to 1–2. Lions radio play-by-play man Dan Miller said of the win and end to the streak, "Nightmare over."
Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes were in attendance as guests of Redskins owner Dan Snyder.
Week 4: at Chicago Bears.
In week 4, the Lions flew to The Windy City for a NFC North duel with the Chicago Bears. Detroit threw the opening punch in the first quarter with running back Kevin Smith's 1-yard touchdown run. The Bears would respond with quarterback Jay Cutler's 5-yard touchdown run, yet Detroit answered with rookie quarterback Matthew Stafford completing a 14-yard touchdown pass to tight end Will Heller. Chicago took the lead in the second quarter with Cutler's 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Kellen Davis and a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Greg Olsen, but the Lions would tie the game prior to halftime with Smith's 3-yard touchdown run, capping off a 98-yard drive. However, in the third quarter, the Bears would set the tempo for the second half. It immediately began with wide receiver Johnny Knox returning the half's opening kickoff 102 yards for a touchdown, followed by a 52-yard and a 22-yard field goal from kicker Robbie Gould. Detroit tried to rally in the fourth quarter with kicker Jason Hanson's 35-yard field goal, but Chicago pulled away with running back Matt Forté's 37-yard touchdown run and running back Garrett Wolfe's 2-yard touchdown run. Stafford (24-of-36, 296 yards, TD, INT) left the game during the fourth quarter with a knee injury.
With the loss, the Lions fell to 1–3.
Week 5: vs Pittsburgh Steelers.
In week 5, the Lions hosted the defending Super Bowl Champion Pittsburgh Steelers. The Lions scored first with a 46 yard Jason Hanson field goal. The Steelers responded with a 7-yard TD run by Rashard Mendenhall. The Lions replied with another 46-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Pittsburgh scored first with a 15-yard TD catch by Heath Miller from Ben Roethlisberger. The Lions retaliated with a 38-yard interception run for a touchdown by William James. Hines Ward of the Steelers next got a touchdown of his own, a 17-yard catch, making the halftime score 21–13 Pittsburgh. After the break, Mike Wallace of Pittsburgh caught a 47-yard TD pass. The final score of the game was a 25-yard catch by Detroit's Dennis Northcutt. Lions backup QB Daunte Culpepper was sacked 7 times in the loss, 3 of which were on consecutive downs.
Week 6: at Green Bay Packers.
In week 6, the Lions traveled to Green Bay, Wisconsin to take on NFC North Division foes the Green Bay Packers. They were shut out for the first time since 2001, and the first time by the Packers since 1946. The Packers scored 2 touchdowns in the first quarter: a 47-yard catch by James Jones from Aaron Rodgers, then a 1-yard catch by John Kuhn. In the second quarter Mason Crosby kicked 3 field goals from 46, 28 and 31 yards respectively. The only score of the second half was a 26-yard field goal. The loss made the losing streak in Wisconsin 18 games, dating back to 1992. On a positive note, the Lions defense recorded 5 sacks.
Week 8: vs St. Louis Rams.
In week 8, the Lions hosted the St. Louis Rams. The Rams got on the board first in the 1st quarter with a 41-yard field goal by Josh Brown. In the second quarter, the Lions' Matt Stafford threw an interception into the end zone to James Butler but he was tackled by running back Kevin Smith for a Lions safety. Near halftime, the Rams performed a successful fake field goal when kicker Josh Brown passed it to Daniel Fells and he ran it in 36 yards for a touchdown. Both teams went scoreless in the 3rd quarter. In the fourth quarter, Lions' QB Matt Stafford ran it in himself from 4 yards out for a TD, and tied it up with a 2-point conversion catch by Maurice Morris. The Rams took the lead near the end though with a 25-yard run by Steven Jackson.
This would be the Rams' only victory of the season, preventing them from duplicating the Lions dubious accomplishment of the previous season.
Week 9: at Seattle Seahawks.
In week 9, the Lions traveled to Seattle, Washington to take on the Seattle Seahawks. The Lions took an early lead in the first quarter, scoring 17 unanswered points. First came 2 TD's: a Brandon Pettigrew 7-yard catch, then a Bryant Johnson 29-yard catch, and afterward was a 41-yard field goal. The Seahawks responded in the second quarter with a TD and 2 field goals. First the TD, a 3-yard run by Julius Jones. The field goals by Olindo Mare were both from 37 yards out. In the 3rd quarter came another Seattle field goal, from 24 yards out. Then a Seahawks TD to give them the lead, a 2-yard TD catch by T.J. Houshmandzadeh. However the fake field goal for a 2-point conversion was no good. The Lions' only score of the second half was a 50-yard field goal. The Seahawks sealed their win with a 61-yard interception for a TD by Josh Wilson.
Week 10: at Minnesota Vikings.
In week 10, the Lions traveled to Minneapolis, Minnesota for a rematch with NFC North foes the Minnesota Vikings. The Vikings scored the only points of the first quarter with a 22 yard Ryan Longwell field goal. They added to their lead in the second quarter with a 22-yard TD run by Adrian Peterson. The Lions' only score of the first half was a 38 yard Jason Hanson field goal just before halftime. In the 3rd quarter the Vikings further added to their lead with a 1-yard run by Adrian Peterson, his 2nd TD of the game. The Lions responded with an 8-yard TD from Matt Stafford to Will Heller. The Vikings sealed their win with a TD and field goal in the 4th. First an 8-yard TD catch by Jeff Dugan from Brett Favre, and finally a 35-yard field goal.
Week 11: vs. Cleveland Browns.
In Week 11, the Lions hosted the Cleveland Browns in a non-conference shootout. The Browns built a big lead in the first quarter, scoring first with a 44-yard field goal by Phil Dawson. After a 31 yard Jason Hanson field goal, Cleveland scored 21 points on Brady Quinn touchdowns to Mohamed Massaquoi (59 yards), Chansi Stuckey (40 yards), Joshua Cribbs (four yards). The Lions answered with three consecutive TD passes from Matthew Stafford to Aaron Brown (26 yards) and Kevin Smith (25 yards) and a 75-yard catch and run TD for Calvin Johnson. The Browns responded with a 29-yard field goal just before halftime. In the 3rd quarter Will Heller of the Lions caught a one-yard TD pass. The Browns received a safety when Stafford was tackled in his own end zone and called for intentional grounding. The Browns retook the lead on a two-yard TD catch by Michael Gaines and a Jamal Lewis two-point conversion. Stafford was intercepted on the next Lions possession, but the Lions stopped the Browns on 4th and 5. Then they drove 88 yards. With 2 seconds left, Stafford raced out of the pocket and threw a pass into the end zone which was intercepted by Brodney Pool, but the pick was nullified on a Hank Poteat pass interference penalty, giving the Lions one more play with no time left on the clock. Stafford was brutally hit by two Browns defenders on the play, and suffered what turned out to be a major shoulder separation of his left (non-throwing) arm; he had to come out for the final play and backup Daunte Culpepper went in, but the Browns called time-out; under NFL rules injured players must come out for one play, and the Browns timeout thus made Stafford eligible to return to the field; he told the coaches he wanted to return for the final play (pleading to coaches "If you need me to throw the ball, I can throw the ball") and was allowed to go back in. He then threw a touchdown to Brandon Pettigrew, and Jason Hanson tacked on the extra point for the win. Stafford became the youngest QB to throw five touchdown passes in a game since the AFL-NFL merger in 1970. He also set a record for passing yards in a game by a rookie with 422. For his performance, Stafford won NFC Offensive Player of the Week and Pepsi Rookie of the Week.
The game was made into an NFL Film, with Matt Stafford mic'ed up. It was shown on NFL Network's "NFL Replay" and "Wired for Sound" and became a segment in the "Quarterback Duels" episode of "NFL Top 10", as well as Showtime's "Inside the NFL". The company's founder Steve Sabol said the Lions' game winning drive was the most dramatic film he has seen in over 30 years.
Week 12: vs. Green Bay Packers (Thanksgiving Day game).
For their 70th annual Thanksgiving Day game, the Lions hosted a rematch with division rivals the Green Bay Packers. Detroit got an early lead when Matt Stafford threw a 1-yard TD pass to Calvin Johnson, the only Lions score of the first half. The Packers responded with a TD of their own, a 7 yard toss to Donald Lee. The Packers then kicked 2 field goals: first a 20 yarder and just before halftime a 25 yarder. The Packers scored 2 touchdowns in the 3rd quarter. First a 7-yard catch by Donald Driver, then a 21-yard catch by James Jones. The Lions picked up a safety when the Packers Ryan Grant had his left arm down before he fumbled the ball in their own end zone in the fourth quarter. They then kicked a 22-yard field goal. The Packers sealed their win when Charles Woodson intercepted a Matt Stafford pass and ran it back 38 yards for a touchdown. The Thanksgiving Day losing streak for the Lions is now six, the longest in franchise history. With the loss combined with the Eagles win over the Redskins, the Lions were officially eliminated from postseason contention. This would also become the Packers' 9th straight victory over the Lions, dating back to the second game between the teams in the 2005 season.
Week 13: at Cincinnati Bengals.
In week 13, the Lions traveled to Cincinnati, Ohio for a non-conference contest with the Cincinnati Bengals. Detroit got an early lead in the first quarter with a 54-yard catch and run by Calvin Johnson. The Bengals tied it up in the second when Jonathan Fanene caught a tipped Matt Stafford pass and ran it back 45 yards for a touchdown. Cincinnati then took the lead and didn't give it back when Chad Ochocinco caught a 36 yard TD. The Bengals closed out the first half with a 44-yard field goal by Shayne Graham. In the second half the Bengals scored 2 more field goals, from 39 and 23 yards respectively. The Lions scored the game's final points late in the 4th quarter with a 2-yard run by Kevin Smith. The Lions went for a 2-point conversion but failed.
Week 14: at Baltimore Ravens.
In week 14, the Lions traveled to rainy Baltimore, Maryland for a non-conference duel with the Baltimore Ravens. Baltimore lead for almost the entire game. They scored first late in the first quarter with a 38-yard field goal by Billy Cundiff. They added to their lead with a 62-yard catch and run TD by Derrick Mason from Joe Flacco. The Lions scored their only points of the game near the end of the second quarter with a 22 yard Jason Hanson field goal. A minute later the Ravens responded with a 59-yard rushing TD by Ray Rice. Baltimore finished out the first half with a 25-yard field goal. In the second half the Ravens scored 4 consecutive touchdowns. First a Le'Ron McClain 3-yard run. Then 2 by Willis McGahee: first an 8-yard run, then a 19-yard run. In the fourth quarter, the Ravens capped off their huge victory when Troy Smith ran in a TD from 15 yards. Lions backup quarterback Daunte Culpepper completed less than half of his passes (16 for 34) and threw 2 interceptions.
Week 15: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
In week 15, the Lions hosted the defending the NFC Champion Arizona Cardinals. The first half was all Arizona. First was a Larry Fitzgerald 1-yard catch from Kurt Warner. Next in the second quarter a 48-yard field goal by Mike Nugent. Then near halftime a 1-yard rush by Tim Hightower. After his unproductive first half (6 for 12 and only 64 yards passing and an interception) Lions backup quarterback Daunte Culpepper was replaced by third stringer Drew Stanton who breathed some life into the offense. First though came an interception and 100 yard Lions TD run by Louis Delmas, a tie for the third longest interception TD in team history. A few minutes later Detroit's Maurice Morris ran in a career high 64 yard TD. In the 4th quarter, the Cardinals responded with an 18 yard Chris Wells TD run. The Lions tied it back up when Stanton ran in his first career rushing TD from 1 yard out. The Cardinals sealed their victory though with just under 2 minutes left when Anquan Boldin caught a 5-yard TD pass. The Lions attempted to tie it back up soon after but were stopped on 4th and 1.
Week 16: at San Francisco 49ers.
For their last road game of the season, in week 16 the Lions traveled west to San Francisco to play the San Francisco 49ers. The Lions took an early lead midway through the 1st quarter with a 27 yard Jason Hanson field goal. The 49ers tied it up at the end of the 1st quarter with a 33-yard field goal by Ricky Schmitt. The only score of the 2nd quarter was a 39 yard 49ers field goal just before halftime. In the 3rd quarter came 2 San Francisco TD's. First a 2-yard catch by Vernon Davis, then a 1-yard run by Frank Gore. The Lions kicked another field goal late in the 4th quarter from 38 yards out. The Lions road losing streak now stands at 20.
Week 17: vs Chicago Bears.
For their season finale, the Lions hosted a rematch with division rivals the Chicago Bears. The Bears started the scoring in the first quarter with a 44-yard field goal by Robbie Gould. The Lions responded with a 42-yard field goal of their own. Then in the second quarter the Bears kicked another field goal, from 28 yards out. The Lions then took the lead with a 12 yard Bryant Johnson TD catch. The Bears took it back just before halftime with a 7 yard Greg Olsen TD catch. In the third quarter the Bears added to their lead with a Devin Aromashodu 9-yard TD catch. The Lions responded with a 48-yard field goal. Later, in the fourth quarter, the Lions tied it up with a 5 yard Calvin Johnson TD catch. The Bears took the lead back though with a Desmond Clark 1-yard TD catch. The Lions then scored their final points of the season, a 32-yard field goal. The Bears responded with another Devin Aromashodu TD catch, this one from 12 yards. The Bears closed out the scoring with a 34-yard field goal.
The loss allowed the Lions to clinch the second overall selection in the 2010 NFL Draft behind the St. Louis Rams, who finished 1–15. Coincidentally, the Rams' lone victory came at Detroit's expense in week 8.
Awards and Records.
Matthew Stafford 
Local TV Blackouts.
In the 2009 season, the Lions had four of their 8 home games televised on local TV. The Lions sold out their home opener against the Vikings, as well as a week 5 match up against the Steelers, the Thanksgiving Classic against Green Bay, and their season finale against the Bears. Both of the Lions wins in 2009 were blacked out on local television (the Detroit, Flint/Tri-Cities, Lansing/Jackson and Toledo markets) because the game didn't sell out by the 72 hour deadline. In the games that Detroit didn't sell out, the attendances were announced at just over 40,000 and quite often, the stadium looked only half full. Since the Lions 0–16 season in 2008, popularity in the team has decreased and the Lions have struggled to sell tickets.

</doc>
<doc id="20875476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875476" title="Dan Thiessen">
Dan Thiessen

Dan Thiessen is an American football player and coach in the United States. He played professionally in the Canadian Football League and presently coaches at the high school level.
Coaching career.
McPherson.
Coach Dan Thiessen was the head college football coach for the McPherson Bulldogs located in McPherson, Kansas. He held that position for 7 seasons, from 1986 until 1992. His coaching record at McPherson was 21 wins and 44 losses. As of the conclusion of the 2010 season, this ranks him #4 at McPherson in total wins and #16 at the school in winning percentage ().
Tabor.
Thiessen was the head coach of the Tabor Blue Jays in Hillsboro, Kansas for six seasons, from 1993 through 1998. Theissen played quarterback for the college as well as competing on the tennis team before taking the coaching position.

</doc>
<doc id="20875492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875492" title="2009 Edmonton Eskimos season">
2009 Edmonton Eskimos season

The Edmonton Eskimos season was the 52nd season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 61st overall. The Eskimos finished the season in third place with a 9–9 record. They appeared in the West Semi-Final where they lost to the Calgary Stampeders.
Off-season.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. Due to trades, the Eskimos did not have a pick until the second round, when they selected tackle Gordon Hinse, eleventh overall from the University of Alberta.
Notable transactions.
"*Later traded to the BC Lions"<br>
"**Later traded back to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers"
Regular season.
Season Schedule.
Total attendance: 334,479 <br>
Average attendance: 37,164 (62.4%)
Playoffs.
West Semi-Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 15, 4:30 PM Mountain Standard Time<br>Venue: McMahon Stadium, Calgary, Alberta

</doc>
<doc id="20875516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875516" title="Dwight d'Eon">
Dwight d'Eon

Dwight d'Eon (born December 18, 1978) is a Canadian singer/song writer from West Pubnico, Nova Scotia. He was a competitor on season 5 of "Canadian Idol", and was eliminated on August 29, 2007, placing him 4th.
Canadian Idol.
Dwight auditioned for "Canadian Idol" in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Personal life.
d'Eon resides in the city of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and is the current owner of the Anytime Fitness location there.

</doc>
<doc id="20875537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875537" title="Drew Wright">
Drew Wright

Drew Edward Wright (born on October 5, 1979) is a Canadian who is best known for being a top three finalist on the sixth season of Canadian Idol.
Early life.
When Drew was young, he was mostly into rock and country. When he was two, he was given a ukulele which he grew attached to.
Even at a young age, Drew's interest in music was apparent. When he was five, he was sent home from school for singing Under My Thumb by The Rolling Stones. Later, he quickly picked up drumming when he was twelve and he was often sent home for singing or drumming in class.
He played in the band at Admiral Collingwood Public School and various sports such as hockey or wrestling, as well as taking tap dancing lessons for a year. When he was fifteen, he was taught a few chords on the guitar and took it up as his main instrument. Despite being left-handed, Wright plays right-handed.
After leaving school, Drew attended CCI and enrolled in the drama program. He would often bring his guitar to class and play for his peers. For his year-end monologue, he played a character who wanted to write music for a living.
Around this time, he played in a band called Clean Dirt, though they broke up shortly thereafter. He then formed a band called Malleus, who won the Rock 95 Loud and Local Contest in 2006.
After graduating high school, Drew got a degree in music engineering and continued to play on the local scene.
Canadian Idol.
Drew was pressured to try out for Canadian Idol by family and friends. As twenty-eight is the cut off age for auditioners, he decided to give it a shot (he was twenty-seven at the time of his audition) and made it to the Top 200.
The day of his final performance in Toronto Week, his grandmother died and he contemplated leaving, though decided, with his family's blessing, to stay in the competition. He wowed the judges with his acoustic performance of Maroon 5's She Will Be Loved and made it into the Top 24 (though at the time, it was still a Top 22).
After performing Queen's "Under Pressure", Neverending White Lights's "The Grace" and Hoobastank's "The Reason" (the latter which of two, he accompanied himself on guitar), Drew advanced into the Top 10 of Canadian Idol. Though he said the leaving of many of friends was sad, he was ecstatic to make the top ten and what was ahead for him.
Drew accompanied himself on drums during Top 10 week, playing David Bowie's Five Years. The judges response to his performances were mostly lukewarm, though he managed to advance.
For Top 9 week, he sang Blind Melon's No Rain without accompanying himself on an instrument. The Idols were mentored by Gavin Rossdale for Top 8 week, when he again sang a Maroon 5 song (this time, Sunday Morning). Speaking of the experience, he called it "a great experience".
Drew accompanied himself on an electric guitar for Top 7 week, in which he sang Radiohead's 1992 hit, Creep. The judges were largely happy with the performance, though judge Zack Werner noted that he could have "sang the lyrics a bit more angst-ridden."
The following week, Simple Plan mentored the Idols for Canadian Artists week, in which Drew chose Big Wreck's That Song. With a mixed response from the judging panel, Drew found himself in the bottom three the next night with Earl Stevenson and Amberly Thiessen - the last competitor of the Top 10 to find himself in that position. Amberly was eliminated.
The top five went to Camp Oochigeas, which Drew said was "unreal" and mentioned how his worries seemed "extremely trivial with what these kids are going through".
For that week, the judges of the show chose the contestants songs to sing from The Beatles. Singing While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Drew received praise from all four judges but found himself in the bottom two with Mookie Morris. Morris was then eliminated.
On August 22, Drew returned home to Collingwood for a welcome home party. He sang full-length versions of That Song, Creep and Under Pressure, as well as Tonic's Open Up Your Eyes, Jeff Buckley's Hallelujah and U2's Where The Streets Have No Name.
That week on the show, Anne Murray mentored and Drew sang her song Hey Daddy as well as John Mayer's Gravity. Drew was safe as there was no bottom two announced.
For his final week on the show (where the theme was Bryan Adams songs), Drew sang his own arrangement of Cuts Like a Knife and I'm Ready. The next night, Drew was eliminated despite universal praise from the judges (with judge Jake Gold proclaiming he had "finally discovered what kind of artist you are").
Drew said he was not surprised it was his name that was called, considering he'd been in the Bottom 2 a couple of times and despite tremendous support from his hometown, Ontario does not vote like some other parts of the country do. He then later said he was happy to leave on a high note and had nothing but good words for the Top 2 finalists Mitch MacDonald and Theo Tams.
Post-Idol.
Following the show, the top three were sent on a three-month, cross-Canada tour. During this time, Drew joined up with some friends and created a band. Their MySpace went up on November 3, 2008.
Career.
Fall and Divide.
Immediately following Canadian Idol, Drew pieced together a band under the name Fall and Divide, which "comes from the state the planet is in right now and also from the separation from the demographic of Canadian Idol."
After several line-up changes, the band released their debut album digitally through iTunes and Amazon MP3 on October 3, 2011. On March 26, 2013, Fall and Divide announced on their Facebook page that they had disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="20875548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875548" title="2009 Saskatchewan Roughriders season">
2009 Saskatchewan Roughriders season

The 2009 Saskatchewan Roughriders season was the 52nd season for the team in the Canadian Football League. The Roughriders attempted to win their 4th Grey Cup championship but lost to the Alouettes in the Grey Cup final.
During the 2009 Grey Cup on the second last play of the game, Sean Lucas of the Saskatchewan Roughriders, lined up as a slot back, behind a defensive linesman, during the missed kick attempt by Montreal. With 11 players already on the defensive line, and with 1 player, Jason Armstead, in the end-zone to return any missed kicks, Sean Lucas, a defensive linebacker, was on the field as a defender, & therefore, the 13th man on the field, causing the penalty on the play, and providing Montreal with another opprotunity to win the 2009 Grey Cup.
The Roughriders finished the season in first place for the first time since 1976 and finished with a 10–7–1 record.
Off-season.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. Due to a series of trades, the Roughriders had only two draft picks. Both were selected from the local University of Regina Rams team.
Playoffs.
West Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 22, 4:30 PM Mountain Standard Time<br>Venue: Mosaic Stadium, Regina, Saskatchewan

</doc>
<doc id="20875556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875556" title="Mary Robinson (disambiguation)">
Mary Robinson (disambiguation)

Mary Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20875587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875587" title="Trunk Boiz">
Trunk Boiz

The Trunk Boiz are one of the first rap groups to attain commercial success from the burgeoning scraper bike scene of the Bay Area of California. Their first hit, Scraper Bike, introduced mainstream America to scraper bikes, a distinct type of bicycle (inspired by the scraper car style) ridden in Oakland, California, specifically East Oakland, and became an internet viral, with the YouTube video realising 3 million views by August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20875592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875592" title="2009 Hamilton Tiger-Cats season">
2009 Hamilton Tiger-Cats season

The 2009 Hamilton Tiger-Cats season was the 52nd season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 60th overall. The Tiger-Cats finished the season in second place in the East division with a 9–9 record and qualified for the Grey Cup playoffs for the first time since 2004.
Off-season.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. The Tiger-Cats selected tackle Simeon Rottier from the University of Alberta first overall. They originally also had the third overall pick as well but traded that to the BC Lions for sixth and thirteenth overall picks so the Lions could select their desired player, Jamall Lee.
Playoffs.
East Semi-Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 15, 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time<br>Venue: Ivor Wynne Stadium, Hamilton, Ontario

</doc>
<doc id="20875593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875593" title="Biiko-chan">
Biiko-chan


</doc>
<doc id="20875601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875601" title="Sun Theatre">
Sun Theatre

The Sun Theatre is a six-screened cinema located in Melbourne, Australia in the inner-west suburb of Yarraville.
History.
The Sun Theatre originally opened in 1938 as a single-screen cinema seating 1,050 patrons. The Theatre was immensely popular in the area; it was noted for being the most luxurious cinema in the area and drew large crowds each week. Ticket counters and a booking office were used to handle the crowds. The Sun's original candy location is today known as the Sun Bookshop. A unique feature to the cinema was the pram room, where babies in their prams were placed and given a number. If a baby started crying, its number was flashed on the screen to alert the parents.
The Sun's popularity began to dwindle during the 1950s and 60s, largely due to the introduction of television in Australia. In the late 1960s, the Sun was transformed into a Greek theatre to satisy the growing Greek population of Yarraville. However, the new Greek Theatre was eventually shut down by the Health Department, due to unsanitary carpets.
The Sun remained in a derelict condition for 20 years, until it was purchased in 1995 by the current owners. However, years of neglect, graffiti and pilfering had reduced the once modern and sophisticated theatre into little more than four brick walls. The new owners transformed the Sun into one of Melbourne's most popular film societies during 1998 to 2003, and the Sun Theatre was again returned to glory.
Facilities.
Today, the Sun Theatre seats 660 patrons in six boutique cinemas. Following its reopening in 1995, the Sun's large auditorium was divided into four cinemas, and another two were added to the rear. All of the new screens have the original architecture of the theatre. A popular feature of the current cinema is the original club seating which has all been fully refurbished with suede upholstery. A coffee table is shared between all seats in each group, which are noted for their ample leg room.
The cinemas of the Sun Theatre are all named after significant Yarraville landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20875615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875615" title="Chuck Banks">
Chuck Banks

Charles Edward Banks (born January 4, 1964 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a former professional American football player who played fullback in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers and the Indianapolis Colts. He played college football at West Virginia Tech and was drafted in the 12th round (310th overall pick) of the 1986 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20875621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875621" title="2009 Montreal Alouettes season">
2009 Montreal Alouettes season

The 2009 Montreal Alouettes season is the 43rd season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 55th overall. The Alouettes won their sixth Grey Cup championship, 28–27 against the Saskatchewan Roughriders, in a game the Montreal Alouettes trailed throughout, as they came back from trailing 27-11 four minutes into the fourth quarter. It was their first win since 2002, and it ended a streak of four Grey Cup losses in their last four appearances.
The Alouettes finished in first place in the East division setting a new franchise record of 15–3. It was the first time a team finished with a 15–3 record since the 1997 Toronto Argonauts.
Off-season.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. The Alouettes selected Calgary Dinos lineman Dylan Steenbergen in the first round, seventh overall.
Playoffs.
East Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 22, 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time<br>Venue: Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec
Grey Cup.
Date and time: Sunday, November 29, 6:30 PM Eastern Standard Time<br>Venue: McMahon Stadium, Calgary, Alberta

</doc>
<doc id="20875671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875671" title="Black Peak">
Black Peak

Black Peak is a highly eroded stratovolcano comprising a lava dome complex on the Alaska Peninsula of the U.S. state of Alaska. Also called Black Volcano or Sopka Chornaia, the mountain is located within the Lake and Peninsula Borough.
The latest eruption from Black Peak less than 4,000 years ago produced an explosive eruption with a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 6 that created a caldera. Ash flow tuffs and block-and-ash-flow deposits from this explosive eruption traveled down the Ash Creek and Bluff Creek valleys that reach depths of .

</doc>
<doc id="20875672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875672" title="Udisha">
Udisha

Udisha is an initiative by the national Government of India aimed at quality improvement in child training. It is intended to specify the criteria to establish the necessary outline for all child-care functionaries and caregivers and to develop methods to be used to ensure improvement in the quality of early childhood care for survival, growth, and development.
The name "udisha" means ""a new dawn"" and comes from Sanskrit. The initiative is being supported by Unicef finance for five years. 

</doc>
<doc id="20875701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875701" title="Flushing Armory">
Flushing Armory

The Flushing Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located in the Flushing section of the New York City borough of Queens. It is a brick and stone castle-like structure built in 1905–1906, designed to be reminiscent of medieval military structures in Europe. It was designed by State architect George L. Heins.
It consists of a two-story, hip-roofed administration building with an attached -story, gable-roofed drill shed, spanning open space of . Both sections are built of load bearing brick walls sitting on a brownstone foundation. The building features a five-story octagonal tower at the northwest corner and a three-story round tower at the northeast corner. They feature tall, narrow windows and crenellated parapets. Throughout the armory's history it has been used for the National Guard, as a homeless shelter, and a gymnastics center. It is currently used by the New York City Police Department's Queens North Task Force.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20875714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875714" title="Sainte-Julienne, Quebec">
Sainte-Julienne, Quebec

Sainte-Julienne is a community and municipality in Lanaudière, Quebec, Canada. According to the 2001 Canadian census, the community has a population of 7,182 The Sainte-Julienne Aerodrome is located in Sainte-Julienne.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20875727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875727" title="Mount Kialagvik">
Mount Kialagvik

Mount Kialagvik is a small poorly known stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20875736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875736" title="2009 Toronto Argonauts season">
2009 Toronto Argonauts season

The 2009 Toronto Argonauts season was the 52nd season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 137th overall. The Argonauts attempted to win their 16th Grey Cup championship, but they failed to make the playoffs for the second straight year, finishing the season with a 3–15 record for the first time since 1993.
Training camp opened on June 7 and Toronto's first pre-season game was on June 17, 2009, at the Rogers Centre, hosting the Montreal Alouettes. The regular season kicked off on July 1 at the Hamilton Tiger-Cats' Ivor Wynne Stadium, where the Argos defeated the Ti-Cats 30–17.
Off-season.
On January 16, 2009, the Argonauts announced that Bart Andrus had been hired as the new head coach. He became the 40th head coach in the team's 136-year history and marked his first experience in Canadian football.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. The Argonauts had the second overall pick and selected Laval tackle Étienne Légaré, immediately signing him to a three-year contract.
Notable transactions.
The Toronto Argonauts were active on the opening day of free agency on February 16 signing tackle Rob Murphy, the most sought after offensive lineman available in the free-agent pool, centre Dominic Picard, and re-signing linebacker Willie Pile, who posted a team-high 75 tackles in 2008.
Regular season.
Week 1: at Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
"at Ivor Wynne Stadium, Hamilton, Ontario"
The Argonauts began the season on Canada Day at the Ti-Cats' home stadium and it didn't take long for the traditional rivalry to heat up.
Argonauts Jamal Robertson and Adriano Belli both received players of the week honours for their play in the game. Running back Jamal Robertson's career-high single-game 200 combined yards (134 rushing yards, 53 receiving yards, 13 kickoff return yards) and 1 touchdown earned him the CFL Offensive Player of the Week award while Belli was awarded the Canadian Player of the Week for giving Hamilton quarterback Quinton Porter trouble with two sacks and three tackles in the game.
Week 2: vs Saskatchewan Roughriders.
"at Rogers Centre, Toronto"
Toronto lost their home opener July 11 versus Saskatchewan by a score of 46–36. The Argonauts committed 12 penalties for 124 yards, 109 yards of which were in the first half. The Argonauts opened the game strongly by scoring a touchdown on their opening drive and scoring a field goal after blocking a Luca Congi field goal try to take an early 10–0 lead. Toronto penalties assisted a Saskatchewan drive for a touchdown to make it 10–7. Then, Toronto kicker Justin Medlock made another field goal to end the first quarter with a 13–7 lead. In the second quarter, Toronto allowed Saskatchewan to score thirty unanswered points. Toronto came back in the second half scoring three touchdowns and a field goal and holding Saskatchewan to three field goals but ended up losing by 10. After the game, an angry coach Andrus said that players needed to control the penalties. Adriano Belli in particular, who took 4 penalties for 44 yards in the first half including a head butt that continued the Roughriders first drive for a touchdown, took some criticism: "If he wants to be a WWE wrestler, then he can go do that, but he is not going to do on my football team", said Andrus.
Week 3: at Calgary Stampeders.
"at McMahon Stadium, Calgary"
Toronto lost their second game in a row and again a series of errors in a short period of time helped the opponents to score but this time it was the offence and turnovers that gave the Stampeders a big win. The Argonauts gave up the ball five times in all but the game broke open with two turnovers within 75 seconds in the second half. On the final play of the third quarter, Stampeders linebacker Dwaine Carpenter stripped the ball from quarterback Kerry Joseph and returned it 55 yards for a touchdown and on the next Argos drive, Calgary defensive back Dwight Anderson intercepted a Joseph pass and ran it back 52 yards for another touchdown to make the score 34 to 9. Yet another interception later in the fourth quarter by cornerback Brandon Browner gave the Stampeders three defensive touchdowns and a commanding 44 to 9 victory.
Week 4: at Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
"at Canad Inns Stadium, Winnipeg"
Week 5: vs Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
"at Rogers Centre, Toronto"
This game marked an anniversary of losing at the Rogers Centre, as it officially marked one year without a home victory for the Argonauts. Kerry Joseph had one touchdown throw (to Chad Lucas) but was intercepted four times while the Argos coughed up two additional fumbles (one by Joseph on a sack).
Week 6: at Montreal Alouettes.
"at Percival Molson Memorial Stadium, Montreal"
The Argos suffered a 25–0 blanking at the hands of the Montreal Alouettes. It was the first time the Argos have been shutout in seventeen years, and the first time a CFL team was shutout in seventeen years.
Week 7: vs BC Lions.
"at Rogers Centre, Toronto"
After a humiliating shutout loss the past week, Cody Pickett was given the job of starting quarterback. The game started off with Zeke Moreno intercepting a pass from BC Lions quarterback Buck Pierce. Toronto was leading 9–0, but after Buck Pierce was taken out of the game as a result of concussion-like symptoms, BC's second string quarterback Jarious Jackson came in and led the Lions to their first touchdown of the game. The Argos responded by delivering a touchdown pass to Reggie McNeal. Although the Argos had a lot of trouble finding the endzone throughout the game, kicker Justin Medlock helped them keep the lead by kicking field goals. Medlock would score seven field goals, tying Lance Chomyc's Argonauts team record and just short of the league record of eight shared by Dave Ridgway, Mark McLoughlin, and Paul Osbaldiston.
Heading into the third quarter, BC head coach Wally Buono decided to switch to his third stringer Travis Lulay since Jackson wasn't getting them anywhere. However, Lulay got injured leaving Jarious Jackson as the Lions only quarterback left standing. When Jackson came back in, he instantly threw a touchdown pass to Paris Jackson to cut Toronto's lead 22–14. In response, Justin Medlock kicked another field goal to increase the Argos lead 25–14.
BC scored two more touchdowns but failed on both of the two point converts they attempted. With Toronto leading 28–26 with just nine seconds remaining on the game clock, BC's rookie kicker Sean Whyte kicked the game winning field goal to give BC the lead at 29–28. On the final play of the game, Ryan Phillips intercepted Reggie McNeal's attempted lateral and returned it for a touchdown.
It was the Argo's ninth straight loss both at Rogers Centre and against the Lions.
Week 8: BYE WEEK.
The Argos headed into the bye week at 2–5.
Week 9: vs Calgary Stampeders.
"at Rogers Centre, Toronto"
Postseason.
After finishing last in the East division, the Argonauts failed to qualify for the 2009 CFL playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20875737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875737" title="Vaca Mountains">
Vaca Mountains

The Vaca Mountains are a mountain range in Napa and Solano Counties, California that is one of the California Coast Ranges. They represent the easternmost of the Coast Ranges in central California, and divide the Suisun Valley on the west side, from the Sacramento Valley on the east.
Geography.
The Vaca Mountains are one of the most prominent landmarks of Solano County, with a steep ridge on the east side that rises abruptly or more above the foothills below. The range begins at Suisun Marsh in a broad, low-elevation saddle that also contains the city of Fairfield and Travis Air Force Base, and separates the mountains to the northwest from an outlier of low hills called the Montezuma Hills. The Vaca Mountains then trend to the north and end at Putah Creek Canyon. The average width of the range is about , with an area of that is mostly undeveloped. Mt. Vaca at an elevation is the highest summit, and the high point of Solano County, but the backbone of the range is the Blue Ridge, a prominent ridgetop that maintains an elevation of over for several miles. 
Where the Blue Ridge seemingly ends abruptly at Putah Creek Canyon, the mountains continue on the north side of the canyon as the Blue Ridge Range, which is topographically and geologically similar to the Vaca Mountains. Because the canyon is difficult to distinguish from most vantage points on the east side, the Vaca and Blue Ridge Mountains present what appears to be a nearly continuous ridge line that defines the west margin of the Sacramento Valley, which is the northern half of the -long Central Valley of California.
Climate, ecology and agriculture.
The Vaca Mountains have a typical California climate with a cool wet season lasting from November to April, followed by a warm dry season. Because the Vacas are the easternmost of the Coast Ranges, they are subject to the "rain shadow" effect and rainfall is considerably less than in ranges to the west, such as the Mayacamas Mountains, which are closer to the Pacific Ocean. Mean rainfall averages a year, with nearly all rain falling during the wet season. Snow does fall on Mt. Vaca and Blue Ridge during unusually cold winters, but very seldom on the lower slopes. Temperatures range from lows of during the wet season, to highs of over during the dry season. Because almost all rain falls during the wet season, fire danger is particularly high during the hot summers and early fall.
The reasonably abundant winter rainfall results in a diverse assemblage of plants, with chaparral stands of chamise (Adenostoma), buckbrush (Ceanothus) and manzanita (Arctostaphylos) on the ridgetops, grasslands with oak trees (Quercus) and poison oak (Toxicodendron) on the slopes, and riparian habitats in canyons with year-round streams. Because of steep topography, the land is largely undeveloped and the native plants undisturbed. However, there is some agriculture in the lower foothills, with wine grapes on the west (Solano County) slopes, and fruit and nut orchards on the east (Yolo County) slopes.
Geology.
Bedrock throughout most of the Vaca Mountains are sedimentary rocks of the Great Valley Sequence that are Cretaceous in age (65-145 ma). These rocks are represented by shale and interbedded sandstone that are thought to have been deposited in a deep-marine setting as submarine fans, sourced by sediment shed during uplift of the ancestral Sierra Nevada. There is also minor conglomerate that may represent the fill of ancient submarine canyons developed at the heads of these fans. Because the sedimentary layers that make up the Vaca Mountains strike parallel to the crest of the range and dip down to east, these strata have eroded to create a steep escarpment on the west side with a much more gentle slope on the east side.
There are also isolated outcrops of prominent black basaltic rocks, the Putnam Peak Basalt, in particular near Vacaville in the southern part of the range, at Putnam Peak in the middle part, and in Putah Creek Canyon at the northern terminus. This basalt dates at 15-16 ma, which makes it Miocene in age, so it is much younger than the Great Valley Sequence. It is thought to represent remnants from an ancient volcanic eruption on the east side of the Sierra Nevada of an especially fluid flow of lava that spread across a large part of central California.
Water resources.
The Vaca Mountains contain several perennial streams, the most important being Suisun Creek on the west side, and Putah Creek on the east. The city of Vallejo, California built a dam at the northern end of Suisun Creek in 1926 to create the Lake Curry reservoir, which served as a municipal water supply until 1992 when measured selenium concentrations in the lake exceeded federal standards. The controversial Monticello Dam, Lake Berryessa reservoir, and Putah South Canal - an integrated project with more than 100 times the water storage capacity of Lake Curry - were completed in 1957-1958 on Putah Creek and currently provide irrigation water to many farms, vineyards and orchards.
History.
The original inhabitants of the Vaca Mountains were the Patwin Indians. However, the range is named for the Vaca family, after whom the city of Vacaville is also named. The Vacas, along with their partners the Pena family, were among the earliest white settlers in the area, being the original holders of the 1843 Rancho Los Putos land grant from Mexico of that includes most of the southern part of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="20875748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875748" title="Valjean Hills">
Valjean Hills

The Valjean Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in northern San Bernardino County, southern California.
They are located east of the Salt Spring Hills and southeastern Death Valley National Park, and west of Mount Charleston in the Spring Mountains.
See also.
Other ranges in the local area include the:

</doc>
<doc id="20875750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875750" title="LVCC">
LVCC

LVCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20875752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875752" title="Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts">
Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts

Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts was a renowned dance and performing arts school in the United Kingdom. Founded by the dance teacher Pauline Bush in Nottingham in 1914, and later with branches in Romford and East Grinstead, it would become recognised as one of the foremost performing arts schools in the United Kingdom, until its closure in 1989.
In May 1959, Marjorie Davies produced and directed the musical "What Katy Did" by Jo Masters, which starred students of the Bush Davies School with Pat Goh as Katy.

</doc>
<doc id="20875758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875758" title="Carol I. Turner">
Carol I. Turner

Rear Admiral Carol I. Turner served as the Chief of the United States Navy Dental Corps from 2003 to 2007. She served as the commanding officer of the National Naval Dental Center at Bethesda, Maryland.
Early life.
Rear Admiral Carol Turner graduated, with distinction, from both Purdue University and Indiana University School of Dentistry (1975). Upon completion of dental school, she practiced in Jacksonville, North Carolina until 1977. In September of that year, she was commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Navy Dental Corps.
Navy career.
Her first duty assignment was at Marine Corps Base, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina In May 1979, she was transferred to the USS Vulcan (AR-5), home-ported at Norfolk, VA. She served as an assistant dental officer and subsequently as the division officer for the ship’s dental department. Rear Adm. Turner transferred to Naval Dental Center Norfolk in June 1981. 
In 1984, she was selected for training and assigned to Naval Postgraduate Dental School, Bethesda, Md., where she completed a residency program in advanced clinical dentistry and the requirements for a master of arts in oral biology. Her next assignment was as Officer-In-Charge of Branch Dental Clinic, Bermuda. Rear Adm. Turner began a tour as a staff officer under the Chief, Navy Dental Corps, in 1988. During her tour at the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, she served as Head of Manpower Resources and subsequently Head of the Logistics Division. In July 1991, she transferred to the Naval War College, Newport, R.I., as a student in the College of Naval Warfare, where she completed a master of arts in national security and strategic studies. After graduation, Rear Adm. Turner reported to Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina, as the Commanding Officer of 12th Dental Company, 2nd Dental Battalion, 2nd Force Service Support Group. In 1994, she assumed duties as the Executive Officer of Naval Dental Center Newport, R.I.
Rear Adm. Turner next reported as Commanding Officer of the combined command 1st Dental Battalion, 1st Force Service Support Group/Naval Dental Center, Camp Pendleton, Calif. in 1996. She served as Officer-in-Charge, Naval Healthcare Support Office, Norfolk. In July 2001 she assumed command of the National Naval Dental Center in Bethesda, Md. She has served as the Deputy Chief for Dental Operations then subsequently Health Care Operations for Navy Medicine at the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, Washington. In June 2005, she assumed duty as the Commander Naval Medical Education and Training Command, Bethesda, Md. She also served as the first female Chief of the Navy Dental Corps from November 2003 to August 2007. Rear Adm. Turner is presently serving as Commander, Navy Medicine Support Command, Jacksonville, Florida.
Rear Adm. Turner maintains membership in the American Dental Association and the Academy of General Dentistry. She is a Fellow in both the International College of Dentists and the Academy of Dentistry International.
Awards and decorations.
Rear Adm. Turner’s personal awards include the Legion of Merit (with three gold stars), Meritorious Service Medal (with two gold stars), Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal (with gold star), and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal.
Education.
Rear Admiral Carol Turner graduated, with distinction, from both Purdue University and Indiana University School of Dentistry (1975). She was assigned to the Naval Postgraduate Dental School, Bethesda, Md., where she completed a residency program in advanced clinical dentistry and the requirements for a master of arts in oral biology. In July 1991, she transferred to the Naval War College, Newport, R.I., as a student in the College of Naval Warfare, where she completed a master of arts in national security and strategic studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20875759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875759" title="Venice Hills">
Venice Hills

The Venice Hills are a mountain range in Tulare County, California along the St. John's River in East Visalia.

</doc>
<doc id="20875762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875762" title="Verdi Range">
Verdi Range

The Verdi Range is a mountain range in Sierra County, California, that rises to above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20875763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875763" title="Mifergui">
Mifergui

Mifergui is a locality in southeastern Guinea near the borders of Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire.
It is the site of yet to be exploited iron ore deposits.

</doc>
<doc id="20875769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875769" title="Rodica, Domžale">
Rodica, Domžale

Rodica is a settlement on the outskirts of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlet of Groblje ().
Church.
The local parish church is built in the hamlet of Groblje in the settlement and is dedicated to Saints Hermagoras and Fortunatus. It was first mentioned in documents dating to 1526. In the late 18th century the church became the Carniolan centre of worship of Saint Notburga, a patron saint of peasants. At this time the original late Gothic church was rebuilt in the Baroque style and its interior fully painted with frescos by the painter Franc Jelovšek. Between 1998 and 2002 all five altars and the pulpit were restored, and in 2006 a new organ was built in the church.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Rodica include:

</doc>
<doc id="20875771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875771" title="2009 Winnipeg Blue Bombers season">
2009 Winnipeg Blue Bombers season

The 2009 Winnipeg Blue Bombers season was the 52nd season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 77th overall. The Blue Bombers were in the playoff hunt until the last game of the season, at home, against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, but lost the game and failed to qualify for the playoffs for the first time since 2005, finishing the season with a disappointing 7–11 record.
Off-season.
On February 18, Milt Stegall announced his retirement from the Blue Bombers.
New coach Mike Kelly made many roster moves to re-shape the team that lost the 95th Grey Cup in 2007 and slid to an 8 win and 10 loss record in the 2008 season.
CFL Draft.
The 2009 CFL Draft took place on May 2, 2009. Due to trades, the Blue Bombers did not have a selection until the third round, when they chose lineman Mike Morris from UBC.
Playoffs.
The Blue Bombers finished third in the East Division with a record of 7 wins and 11 losses. The BC Lions, who finished fourth in the West, had a better record of 8 wins and 10 losses, and under the cross-over rule eliminated Winnipeg from the playoffs. The Lions will play the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the East semi-final.

</doc>
<doc id="20875777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875777" title="Snowy Mountain (Alaska Peninsula, Alaska)">
Snowy Mountain (Alaska Peninsula, Alaska)

Snowy Mountain is a stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20875794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875794" title="Volcan Mountains">
Volcan Mountains

The Volcan Mountains are a mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges in San Diego County, California. The Volcans are a northwest–southeast range with an approximate length of and width of . Lake Henshaw is just to the northwest. San Felipe Valley and the San Felipe Hills lie to the east. Julian and the historic Coleman gold mining district lie on the southern margin of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="20875804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875804" title="Battle of Quiberon">
Battle of Quiberon

Battle of Quiberon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20875806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875806" title="Volcanic Hills (California)">
Volcanic Hills (California)

The Volcanic Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert, near the border in southern San Diego County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20875810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875810" title="National Institute of Korean History">
National Institute of Korean History

The National Institute of Korean History (NIKH) is a South Korean national organization in charge of researching, collecting, compiling, promoting the study of historical materials on Korean history. It was established as "Guksagwan" (국사관 國史館) in March 1946, one year after the liberation of Korea and was changed to the current name in 1949.
In January 2012, the Institute announced that, they are to translated the Annals of the Joseon Dynasty into English by the year 2033. With an initial budget of , they plan start work in 2014 but estimates that a budget of is needed to complete the project. 

</doc>
<doc id="20875813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875813" title="Perumapalayam">
Perumapalayam

Perumapalayam is a small village located in kanjikoil panchayat town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.18 km from Erode and 8 km from Perundurai.
People.
The town houses approximately 150 people, most of which have agricultural-related jobs. The village has one school, which provides schooling up to the 5th grade.
Temples.
Perumapalyam has a major temple Thottichi mariaamman and vinayagar temples.This temples celebrates the festival every year in the January for 8 days.This includes Poo poduthal,Kambam naduthal, Poovodu eduthal, Theertham selluthal, Maa vilaku, Pogal vaithu kidai vettuthal, Kambam eduthal & maru poojai. 
The village has One More temple Sri.Mahaliamman. 

</doc>
<doc id="20875822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875822" title="IMTEK">
IMTEK

"IMTEK" stands for Department of Microsystems Engineering at the University of Freiburg in Germany. With currently more than 250 graduate students and 20 research groups, it is Germany's largest research institute dedicated to all aspects of MEMS.
Research Groups.
IMTEK consists of the following research groups, each led by a tenured professor:
In addition, IMTEK has established interdisciplinary graduate colleges for the following themes: 

</doc>
<doc id="20875832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875832" title="Charlie McGibbon">
Charlie McGibbon

Charles Edward McGibbon (21 April 1880 – 2 May 1954) was an English footballer who played for several teams, including Woolwich Arsenal and Southampton, on a part-time basis while serving with the Royal Engineers. He also played one cricket match for Hampshire County Cricket Club.
Football career.
McGibbon was born in Portsmouth, and joined the Royal Engineers, reaching the rank of sergeant. While serving at the Royal Garrison Artillery at Woolwich he came to the attention of Woolwich Arsenal, whom he joined in August 1905. He failed to get into the first team and after a spell with Eltham, he joined New Brompton in 1907.
New Brompton (now Gillingham) were playing in the Southern League under the management of former England international Stephen Smith, who was also team captain. In McGibbon's season at the club, New Brompton finished bottom of the table, avoiding relegation only due to the expansion of the league, but did achieve an FA Cup victory over First Division Sunderland, in which McGibbon scored a hat-trick. McGibbon had previously scored a hat-trick in the 6–0 victory over Shepherds Bush in the fifth qualifying round. In the first round match, played at Priestfield Stadium on 11 January 1908, Sunderland took the lead after half an hour from England international George Holley. New Brompton equalized immediately with a header from McGibbon, who followed up with two second-half goals to claim a 3–1 victory.
In the second round, New Brompton came up against Manchester City, then third in the Football League First Division. McGibbon scored in the first match, which ended 1–1, and again in the replay (from a penalty) but was unable to prevent the Football League club from claiming a 2–1 victory. McGibbon ended the 1907–08 season as New Brompton's top scorer with 22 goals from all competitions.
McGibbon played for Southern League Crystal Palace in the 1908–09 season, scoring a hat-trick in a 4–4 draw with Southampton at The Dell on 5 October 1908. This brought him to the attention of the Southampton directors, and when McGibbon's military duties took him to Portsmouth, he joined Southampton in May 1909.
Described as ""physically well-suited for the role of centre-forward"", McGibbon possessed a ""powerful shot (and) influential leadership qualities"". His opportunism in front of goal enabled him to score 19 goals in 28 league goals in the 1909–10 season, making him the "Saints'" top-scorer for the season.
In March 1910, his military duties took him back to Woolwich and he immediately found a place in a struggling Woolwich Arsenal team that was fighting relegation. He made his debut away to Chelsea on 28 March 1910 and scored the only goal in a 1–0 win. He followed that up with the winner in a 1–0 victory over Aston Villa and the equaliser in a 1–1 draw with Tottenham Hotspur. His three goals from four appearances helped Arsenal avoid relegation from the Football League First Division, by a margin of two points above Chelsea.
At the start of the following season, McGibbon moved on to join Leyton. After a spell at Reading, McGibbon returned to Southampton in November 1911, but failed to get back into the first team.
Later career.
After the First World War, McGibbon found employment as the Chief Clerk in the Statistical Office at Netley Hospital and later worked for Supermarine at Woolston, Southampton.
He made one first-class appearance for Hampshire in July 1919, bowling one over and scoring one run in a County Championship match against Yorkshire.
His son, Douglas (1919–2002), played football for Southampton from 1938 to 1947, as well as for Fulham and Bournemouth.

</doc>
<doc id="20875839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875839" title="Vontrigger Hills">
Vontrigger Hills

The Vontrigger Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in eastern San Bernardino County, California.
Vontrigger Hills are located in the southeastern Mojave National Preserve, approximately north of the small settlement of Goffs, California that's on U.S. Route 66.

</doc>
<doc id="20875850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875850" title="Waterman Hills">
Waterman Hills

The Waterman Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, just north of Barstow in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20875859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875859" title="West Riverside Mountains">
West Riverside Mountains

The West Riverside Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20875863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875863" title="Mount Kukak">
Mount Kukak

Mount Kukak is an almost completely ice-covered stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska, United States. Although the last eruption from Mount Kukak is unknown, it displays vigorous fumarolic activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20875867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875867" title="Izza Kizza">
Izza Kizza

Izza Kizza (born Terry Davis in 1981) is an American hip-hop musician, rapper and MC, currently signed to Timbaland's Mosley Music Group label. He is known for creating mixes with an eclectic flow and versatile style, recalling some of hip-hop's most playful moments.
Biography.
Born and raised in Valdosta, Georgia, Terry started performing at the age of twelve in a singing group that consisted of his older brother and his two godbrothers. Later, influenced by appearance of emerging acts such as Kris Kross, he started his own career as an MC, adopting the stage name of Izza Kizza and gaining a significant local following. This brought him to the attention of the production duo Soul Diggaz. Following their invite, he relocated to New Jersey in order to further his music career. There he collaborated with renowned hip-hop artists such as Missy Elliott (resulting in the song "Walk The Dawg", which samples singer Shirley Ellis’ “The Clapping Song”), and ultimately accepted the offer to sign for Timbaland's record label, Mosley Music/Interscope Records. He has since left Timbaland's MMG citing that Timbaland was too busy with his solo album, Shock Value II, and didn't want to wait for him to finish with his other obligations. They are still friends.
Izza's first mixtape, "Kizzaland", mixed by Nick Catchdubs, was made available as a free download in 2008 via his weblog, sporting mixes by Timbaland, Soul Diggaz and Koolade. One of the songs from the mixtape, "Red Wine", was featured as the opening track of Paste Magazine's June 2008 New-Music Sampler CD. The song "Millionaire" was included in the soundtrack for the Madden NFL 09 video game, as well as his song "They're Everywhere" being included on the NBA 2K10 video game soundtrack. 
"They're Everywhere" also appeared on the 5th season of the popular FOX dance competition So You Think You Can Dance in a hip-hop routine danced by 4th place finisher Kayla Radomski and 7th place finisher Jason Glover, it was chorographed by Shane Sparks.

</doc>
<doc id="20875871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875871" title="Circulation (currency)">
Circulation (currency)

With regard to a particular currency, circulation refers to the total value of that currency (whether banknotes, coins, or demand deposits) that is engaged in that currency's economy at a given time. Circulation can also refer to the metaphorical or literal movement of wealth due to transactions between the holders of a currency. The euro, the official currency of the European Union, is currently the currency with the highest combined value of cash circulation in the world.
Total currency in circulation.
In 1990, total currency in circulation passed 1 trillion USD. After 12 years, in 2002 this total money supply in the world was 2 trillion USD. And just after 6 years, in 2008, this money supply increased to 4 trillion USD.

</doc>
<doc id="20875872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875872" title="JPicEdt">
JPicEdt

jPicEdt is a free software for vectorial drawing. It allows to generate LaTeX code. It has been entirely developed in Java and as such works on any platform.
The generated LaTeX code can use one of the three following format:
The drawing is encoded in a XML like format specific to jPicEdt which is embedded inside comments of the generated LaTeX code.
jPicEdt is easily extensible and customizable with BeanShell scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="20875896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875896" title="White Hills (Inyo County)">
White Hills (Inyo County)

The White Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, east of U.S. Route 395 in southern Inyo County, California.
The White Hills are in the general region of the Coso Range, east of the Scodie Mountains and Sierra Nevadas, and south of the Owens Lake basin.

</doc>
<doc id="20875899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875899" title="Rova, Domžale">
Rova, Domžale

Rova () is a village east of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local parish church is built on a small hill north of the settlement and is dedicated to Saint Catherine of Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="20875909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875909" title="White Hills (Santa Barbara County)">
White Hills (Santa Barbara County)

The White Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in Santa Barbara County, California south of the town of Lompoc and east of Vandenberg Air Force Base.

</doc>
<doc id="20875929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875929" title="Gilbert Trausch">
Gilbert Trausch

Gilbert Trausch (born 20 September 1931) is a Luxembourgian historian. He is the best-known of the post-World War II generation of Luxembourg historians, and he and other colleagues of this generation such as Paul Margue brought a new concern for Luxembourg's international relations to their study of its history.
Trausch studied outside Luxembourg, and then taught at the same secondary school as Margue in the 1950s. Later, he was associated with the Centre Universitaire du Luxembourg and the National Library of Luxembourg, and was a Professor at the College of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20875937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875937" title="Selo pri Ihanu">
Selo pri Ihanu

Selo pri Ihanu (; ) is a settlement south of Ihan in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Selo" to "Selo pri Ihanu" (literally, 'Selo near Ihan') in 1953. The name "Selo" is derived from the Slovene common noun "selo" 'village, settlement'. In the 19th century the German name was "Sela".

</doc>
<doc id="20875946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875946" title="Margaret, Countess of Brienne">
Margaret, Countess of Brienne

Marguerite d'Enghien, suo jure Countess of Brienne and of Conversano, "suo jure" Heiress of Enghien, and Lady of Beauvois (born 1365), was a wealthy noblewoman from the County of Hainaut in her own right, having inherited the counties of Brienne and of Conversano, and the Lordship of Enghien from her father Louis of Enghien on 17 March 1394. She was the wife of John of Luxembourg, Sire of Beauvois and the mother of Peter of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, Count of Brienne and of Conversano who inherited her fiefs, and John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny.
Family and lineage.
Marguerite was born in 1365, the eldest daughter of Louis of Enghien, Count of Brienne and of Conversano, Lord of Enghien, Titular Duke of Athens, and Giovanna of Sanseverino. She had three younger sisters, Yolande, Helene, and Isabelle. On 3 May 1384, Yolande married Philip of Bar (born 1372), who died in a Turkish prison in 1404 after being taken prisoner following the disastrous Battle of Nicopolis in 1396. Marguerite had a brother, Antoine who died at the age of sixteen, leaving her, the eldest daughter, heir to her father's estates and titles. 
Her paternal grandparents were Walter III of Enghien and Isabella of Brienne, and
her maternal grandparents were Antonio of Sanseverino, 5th Count of Marsico, and Isabella del Balzo.
Marriages and issue.
On an unknown date, Marguerite married her first husband, Pierre de Baux, and following his death, she married as her second husband, a relative of her mother, Giacopo of Sanseverino. Both of these early marriages were childless. In 1380, after Giacopo's death, Marguerite married her third husband, John of Luxembourg, Sire of Beauvois (1370–1397). He was the son of Guy of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol and Mahaut of Châtillon, Countess of Saint-Pol. By her third husband, Marguerite had five children:
Inheritance.
Marguerite became the "suo jure" Countess of Brienne and Conversano, and Dame of Enghien upon her father's death on 17 March 1394. Her husband John also became Count of Brienne and of Conversano by right of his wife.
She died on an unknown date sometime after 1394. Her will was dated 19 September 1393. Her eldest son, Peter received her titles of Brienne and of Conversano.
Through her son Peter and his wife, Margaret de Baux, Marguerite was an ancestress of Queen consort Elizabeth Woodville and her siblings, King Henry VIII of England, and King Henry IV of France. Every English monarch after 1509 descended from her. Modern-day descendants include HM Queen Elizabeth II, the former Princess of Wales, Lady Diana, Lady Shirley, the Duchess of Cornwall, and the former Duchess of York.

</doc>
<doc id="20875959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875959" title="Spodnje Jarše">
Spodnje Jarše

Spodnje Jarše () is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20875963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875963" title="Albert Porte">
Albert Porte

Albert Porte (19 January 1906 – 1986) was an Americo-Liberian political journalist and dissident who was the editor of the "Crozerville Observer". In 1946, he became the first Liberian journalist to be imprisoned by President William Tubman. The first major movement toward civil society in Liberia is traced back to Porte's activities.
Background.
Descended from Barbadians who emigrated to Liberia in 1865, Porte was born on January 16, 1906 in Crozerville, Liberia. The Porte family is from Barbados. He was educated at the Christ Church Parish Day School in Crozerville, the College of West Africa in Monrovia, and Cuttington University College.
Before his political journalism career, Porte was a public school teacher. He later served as executive secretary of the National Teachers Association, and edited the NTA Bulletin. 
Porte's political activist career began in the 1920s when he distributed pamphlets that took the True Whig Party single-party-state government to task for alleged unconstitutional use of presidential power. 
He published articles in the "Crozerville Observer", as well as other Liberian print media and foreign press. His most famous publications are the leaflets and pamphlets "Thinking about Unthinkable Things—The Democratic Way" (1967), "Liberianization or Gobbling Business?" (1975), "Explaining Why" (1976), "Thoughts on Change" (1977) and "The Day Monrovia Stood Still" (1979). Porte was imprisoned multiple times, and harassed and hounded by the government from the 1920s.
In the 1970s, Porte took aim at Finance Minister Stephen Allen Tolbert, the brother of President William Tolbert and co-founder of the first Liberian-owned multimillion-dollar conglomerate, the Mesurado Group of Companies. He accused the minister of using his public office stature to advance his business interests, penning a piece called "Liberianization of Gobbling Business?" Minister Tolbert filed a libel lawsuit and won a US$250,000 judgment against Porte in a case presided over by Supreme Court Justice James A. A. Pierre, the father-in-law of Minister Tolbert. The resulting public outrage led to the creation of what is considered Liberia's first civil society organization, Citizens of Liberia in Defense of Albert Porte (COLIDAP). 
Porte died in 1986. On July 24, 2008, Porte posthumously received the Knight Great Band Humane Order of Africa Redemption award from the Liberian government for his contributions to Liberia.
He was the uncle of Kenneth Best, the founder of the "Liberian Observer", one of the first daily newspapers in Liberia.

</doc>
<doc id="20875965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875965" title="Reptilectric">
Reptilectric

Reptilectric is the fourth studio album by Mexican rock band Zoé. Released in October 2008 through EMI Music, it was produced by Phil Vinall, who has previously worked with Radiohead and Placebo. The first single of the album was "Reptilectric", which has its own music video. "Nada" was also released as a single and was the iTunes single of the week for the week of May 7, 2008
The album debuted at number one in the Mexican sales charts and was recently awarded Zoe's second platinum award for 80,000 copies sold in Mexico alone. On November 25th of 2009, Zoé received three Premios OYE! 2009 for the following: Album, Group and Video of Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20875970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875970" title="Whitehorse Mountains">
Whitehorse Mountains

The Whitehorse Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20875975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875975" title="Widow Valley Mountains">
Widow Valley Mountains

The Widow Valley Mountains are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20875983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875983" title="Bitiwada">
Bitiwada

Bitivada or Bitiwada is a village located in Srikakulam district on banks of River Nagavali. It belongs to Veeraghattam mandal, formerly part of Palakonda taluq. 
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this villages is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20875984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875984" title="Healthcare and the LGBT community">
Healthcare and the LGBT community

LGBT topics in medicine are those that relate to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people's health issues and access to health services. According to the US Gay and Lesbian Medical Association (GLMA), besides HIV/AIDS, issues related to LGBT health include breast and cervical cancer, hepatitis, mental health, substance abuse, tobacco use, depression, access to care for transgender persons, issues surrounding marriage and family recognition, conversion therapy, and refusal clause legislation, and laws that are intended to "immunize health care professionals from liability for discriminating against persons of whom they disapprove."
Studies show that LGBT people experience health issues and barriers related to their sexual orientation and/or gender identity or expression. Many avoid or delay care or receive inappropriate or inferior care because of perceived or real homophobia or transphobia, and discrimination by health care providers and institutions., in other words reason is negative personal experience, the assumption or expectation of negative experience based on knowing of history of such experience in other LGBT people, or both.
It is often pointed that the reason of this is heterosexism in medical care and research:
"Heterosexism can be purposeful (decreased funding or support of research projects that focus on sexual orientation) or unconscious (demographic questions on intake forms that ask the respondent to rate herself or himself as married, divorced, or single). These forms of discrimination limit medical research and negatively impact the health care of LGB individuals. This disparity is particularly extreme for lesbian women (compared to homosexual men) because they have a double minority status, and experience oppression for being both female and homosexual."
Especially with lesbian patients they may be discriminated in three ways:
Issues affecting LGBT people generally.
Research from the UK indicates that there appears to be limited evidence available from which to draw general conclusions about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender health because epidemiological studies have not incorporated sexuality as a factor in data collection. Review of research that has been undertaken suggests that there are no differences in terms of major health problems between LGBT people and the general population, although LGBT people generally appear to experience poorer health, with no information on common and major diseases, cancers or long-term health. Mental health appears worse among LGBT people than among the general population, with depression, anxiety and suicide ideation being 2-3 times higher than the general population. There appear to be higher rates of eating disorder and self-harm, but similar levels of obesity and domestic violence to the general population; lack of exercise and smoking appear more significant and drug use higher, while alcohol consumption is similar to the general population. Polycystic ovaries and infertility were identified as being more common amongst lesbians than heterosexual women. The research indicates noticeable barriers between LGB patients and health professionals, and the reasons suggested are homophobia, assumptions of heterosexuality, lack of knowledge, misunderstanding and over-caution; institutional barriers were identified as well, due to assumed heterosexuality, inappropriate referrals, lack of patient confidentiality, discontinuity of care, absence of LGBT-specific healthcare, lack of relevant psycho-sexual training.
Research points to issues encountered from an early age, such as LGBT people being targeted for bullying, assault, and discrimination, as contributing significantly to depression, suicide and other mental health issues in adulthood. Social research suggests that LGBT experience discriminatory practices in accessing healthcare.
Issues affecting bisexual people.
Typically, bisexual individuals and their health and well-being are not studied independently of lesbian and gay individuals. Thus, there is limited research on the health issues that affect bisexual individuals. However, the research that has been done has found striking disparities between bisexuals and heterosexuals, and even between bisexuals and homosexuals.
It is important to consider that the majority of bisexual individuals are well-adjusted and healthy, despite having higher instances of health issues than the heterosexual population.
Body Image/Eating Disorders.
Youth who reported having sex with both males and females are at the greatest risk for disordered eating, unhealthy weight control practices compared to youth who only have same- or other-gender sex. Bisexual women are twice as likely as lesbian women to have an eating disorder and, if they are out, to be twice as likely as heterosexual women to have an eating disorder.
Mental Health and Suicide.
Bisexual females are higher on suicidal intent, mental health difficulties and mental health treatment than bisexual males. In a survey by Stonewall Scotland, 7% of bisexual men had attempted suicide in the past year. Bisexual women are twice as likely as heterosexual women to report suicidal ideation if they have disclosed their sexual orientation to a majority of individuals in their lives; those who are not disclosed are three times more likely. Bisexual individuals have a higher prevalence of suicidal ideation and attempts than heterosexual individuals, and more self-injurious behavior than gay men and lesbians. A 2011 survey found that 44 per cent of bisexual middle and high school students had thought about suicide in the past month.
Substance abuse.
Female adolescents who report relationships with same- and other-sex partners have higher rates of alcohol abuse and substance abuse. This includes higher rates of marijuana and other illicit drug use. Behaviorally and self-identified bisexual women are significantly more likely to smoke cigarettes and have been drug users as adolescents than heterosexual women.
Cancer.
Bisexual women are more likely to be nulliparous, overweight and obese, have higher smoking rates and alcohol drinking than heterosexual women, all risk factors for breast cancer. Bisexual men practicing receptive anal intercourse are at higher risk for anal cancer caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV).
HIV/AIDS and Sexual Health.
Most research on HIV/AIDS focuses on gay and bisexual men than lesbian and bisexual women. Evidence for risky sexual behavior in bisexually behaving men has been conflicted. Bisexually active men have been shown to be just as likely as gay or heterosexual men to use condoms. Men who have sex with men and women are less likely than homosexually behaving men to be HIV-positive or engage in unprotected receptive anal sex, but more likely than heterosexually behaving men to be HIV-positive. Although there are no confirmed cases of HIV transmitted from female to female, women who have sex with both men and women have higher rates of HIV than homosexual or heterosexual women.
In a 2011 nationwide study in the United States, 46.1% of bisexual women reported having experienced rape, compared to 13.1% of lesbian women and 17.4% of heterosexual women, a risk factor for HIV.
Issues affecting transgender people.
Access to health care.
Transgender individuals are often reluctant to seek medical care or are denied access by providers due to transphobia/homophobia or a lack of knowledge or experience with transgender health. Additionally, in some jurisdictions health care related to transgender issues especially sex reassignment therapy is not covered by medical insurance. However the Principle 17 of The Yogyakarta Principles affirm that "States shall (g) facilitate access by those seeking body modifications related to gender reassignment to competent, non-discriminatory treatment, care and support.
Forty states do not fund sex reassignment surgery through Medicaid.
In the UK the NHS is legally required to provide treatment for gender dysphoria.
In the National Transgender Discrimination Survey 19% said they had been refused healthcare by a doctor or other provider for being transgender. Trans people of color were more likely to have been refused healthcare. 36% of American Indian and 27% of multi-racial respondents had been refused healthcare compared to 17% of white respondents.
19% of respondents had no health insurance compared to 15% of the general population. They were also less likely to be insured by an employer. Undocumented non-citizens had particularly high rates of non-coverage (36%) as well as African-Americans (31%), compared to white respondents (17%).
28% said they had been verbally harassed in a healthcare setting. 2% of respondents reported being physically attacked in a doctor's office. Transgender people particularly vulnerable to being assaulted in a doctor's office were African-Americans (6%), those who engaged in sex work, drug sales or other underground work (6%), those who transitioned before they were 18 (5%), and those who were undocumented non-citizens (4%).
In 2004 Venkatesan Chakrapani reported that hijras 'face discrimination in various ways' in the Indian health-care system, and sexual reassignment surgery is unavailable in government hospitals in India.
In a report on hijra social exclusion in Bangladesh by Sharful Islam Khan et al., it was said that health facilities sensitive to hijra culture are virtually non-existent in Bangladesh.
Cancer.
Cancers related to hormone use include breast cancer and liver cancer. In addition, transmen who have not had removal of the uterus, ovaries, or breasts remain at risk to develop cancer of these organs, while trans women remain at risk for prostate cancer.
Mental health.
According to Rebecca A. Allison, trans people are "particularly prone" to depression and anxiety: "In addition to loss of family and friends, they face job stress and the risk of unemployment. Trans people who have not transitioned and remain in their birth gender are very prone to depression and anxiety. Suicide is a risk, both prior to transition and afterward. One of the most important aspects of the transgender therapy relationship is management of depression and/or anxiety."
Depression is significantly correlated with experienced discrimination. In a study of San Francisco trans women, 62% reported depression. In a 2003 study of 1093 trans men and trans women, there was a prevalence of 44.1% for clinical depression and 33.2% for anxiety.
41% of the respondents of the National Transgender Discrimination Survey reported having attempted suicide. This statistic was even higher for certain demographics - for example, 56% of American Indian transgender respondents had attempted suicide. In contrast, 1.6% of the American population has attempted suicide. In the sample all minority ethnic groups (Asian, Latin@, black, American Indian and mixed race) had higher prevalence of suicide attempts than white people. Number of suicide attempts was also correlated with life challenges - 64% of those surveyed who had been sexually assaulted had attempted suicide. For example, 76% who had been assaulted by teachers or other school staff had made an attempt.
In 2012 the Scottish Transgender Alliance conducted the Trans Mental Health Study. 74% of the respondents who had transitioned reported improved mental health after transitioning. 53% had self-harmed at some point, and 11% currently self-harmed. 55% had been diagnosed with or had a current diagnosis of depression. An additional 33% believed that they currently had depression, or had done in the past, but had not been diagnosed. 5% had a current or past eating disorder diagnosis. 19% believed that they had suffered from an eating disorder or currently had one, but had not been diagnosed. 84% of the sample had experienced suicide ideation and 48% had made a suicide attempt. 3% had attempted suicide more than 10 times. 63% of respondents who transitioned thought about and attempted suicide less after transitioning. Other studies have found similar results.
Trans women appear to be at greater risk than trans men and the general population of dying of suicide.
Personality disorders are common in transgender people.
Gender identity disorder is currently classed as a psychiatric condition by the DSM IV-TR. The upcoming DSM-5 removes GID and replaces it with 'gender dysphoria', which is not classified by some authorities as a mental illness. Until the 1970s, psychotherapy was the primary treatment for GID. However, today the treatment protocol involves biomedical interventions, with psychotherapy on its own being unusual.
There has been controversy about the inclusion of transsexuality in the DSM, one claim being that Gender Identity Disorder of Childhood was introduced to the DSM-III in 1980 as a 'backdoor-maneuver' to replace homosexuality, which was removed from the DSM-II in 1973.
Hormones.
Transgender individuals frequently take hormones to achieve feminizing or masculinizing effects. Side effects of hormone use include increased risk of blood clotting, high or low blood pressure, elevated blood sugar, water retention, dehydration, electrolyte disturbances, liver damage, increased risk for heart attack and stroke. Use of unprescribed hormones is common, but little is known about the associated risks. One potential hazard is HIV transmission from needle sharing. Cross-sex hormones may reduce fertility.
Injectable silicone.
Some trans women use injectable silicone, sometimes administered by lay persons, to achieve their desired physique. This is most frequently injected into the hip and buttocks. It is associated with considerable medical complications, including morbidity. Such silicone may migrate, causing disfigurement years later. Non-medical grade silicone may contain contaminants, and may be injected using a shared needle. In New York City silicone injection occurs frequently enough to be called 'epidemic', with a NYC survey of trans women finding that 18% were receiving silicone injections from 'black market' providers.
Sexually transmitted infections.
Trans people (especially trans women - trans men have actually been found to have a lower rate of HIV than the general US population ) are frequently forced into sex work to make a living, and are subsequently at increased risk for STIs including HIV. According to the National Transgender Discrimination Survey, 2.64% of American transgender people are HIV positive, and transgender sex workers are over 37 times more likely than members of the general American population to be HIV positive. HIV is also more common in trans people of color. For example, in a study by the National Institute of Health more than 56% of African-American trans women were HIV-positive compared to 27% of trans women in general. This has been connected to how trans people of color are more likely to be sex workers. Research suggests that trans women of color engage in more sexual risk behaviour than their white counterparts.
A 2012 meta analysis of studies assessing rates of HIV infection among transgender women in 15 countries found that trans women are 49 times more likely to have HIV than the general population. HIV positive trans persons are likely to be unaware of their status. In one study, 73% of HIV-positive trans women were unaware of their status.
Latin American trans women have a HIV prevalence of 35%, but most Latin American countries don't recognize transgender people as a population. Therefore there are no laws catering to their health needs.
Transgender people have higher levels of interaction with the police that the general population. 7% of transgender Americans have been held in prison cell simply due to their gender identity/expression. This rate is 41% for transgender African-Americans. 16% of respondents had been sexually assaulted in prison, a risk factor for HIV. 20% of trans women are sexually assaulted in prison, compared to 6% of trans men. Trans women of color are more likely to be assaulted whilst in prison. 38% of black trans women report having been sexually assaulted in prison compared to 12% of white trans women.
In a San Francisco study, 68% of trans women and 55% of trans men reported having been raped, a risk factor for HIV.
Substance abuse.
Like gay and bisexual men and women, trans people are more likely than the general population to use substances. For example, studies have shown that trans men are 50% more likely, and trans women 200% more likely to smoke cigarettes than other populations. It has been suggested that tobacco use is high among transgender people because many use it to maintain weight loss.
In one study of trangender people, the majority had a history of non-injection drug use with the rates being 90% for marijuana, 66% for cocaine, 24% for heroin, and 48% for crack.
It has been suggested that transgender people who are more accepted by their families are less likely to develop substance abuse issues.
In the Trans Mental Health Study 2012, 24% of participants had used drugs within the past year. The most commonly used drug was cannabis. 19% currently smoked.
A study published in 2013 found that among a sample of transgender adults, 26.5% had abused prescription drugs, most commonly analgesics.
Issues affecting lesbians.
Breast cancer.
According to Katherine A. O’Hanlan, lesbians "have the richest concentration of risk factors for breast cancer any subset of women in the world." Additionally, many lesbians do not get routine mammograms, do breast self-exams, or have clinical breast exams.
Depression and anxiety.
As with gay men, depression and anxiety are thought to affect lesbians at a higher rate than in the general population, for similar reasons.
Domestic violence.
Domestic violence is reported to occur in about 11 percent of lesbian homes. While this rate is about half the rate of 20 percent reported by heterosexual women, lesbians often have fewer resources available for shelter and counselling.
Physical fitness.
Research shows that on average lesbians have a higher body mass index than heterosexual women.
Substance abuse.
As with gay men, lesbians often have high rates of substance use, including recreational drugs, alcohol and tobacco. Studies have shown that lesbian and bisexual women are 200% more likely to smoke tobacco than other women.
Issues affecting gay men.
Anal papilloma.
Human papilloma virus, which causes anal and genital warts, plays a role in the increased rates of anal cancers in gay men, and some health professionals now recommend routine screening with anal pap smears to detect early cancers.
Depression, anxiety, and suicide.
Studies by Cochran et al. (2003) and Mills et al. (2004), among others, suggest that depression and anxiety appear to affect gay men at a higher rate than in the general population.
According to GLMA, "the problem may be more severe for those men who remain in the closet or who do not have adequate social supports. Adolescents and young adults may be at particularly high risk of suicide because of these concerns. Culturally sensitive mental health services targeted specifically at gay men may be more effective in the prevention, early detection, and treatment of these conditions." Researchers at the University of California at San Francisco found that major risk factors for depression in gay and bisexual men included a recent experience of anti-gay violence or threats, not identifying as gay, or feeling alienated from the gay community.
Results from a survey by Stonewall Scotland published in early 2012 found that 3% of gay men had attempted suicide within the past year.
Eating disorders & body image.
Gay men are more likely than straight men to suffer from eating disorders such as bulimia or anorexia nervosa, while obesity affects other gay men. The cause of this correlation remains poorly understood, but is hypothesized to be related to the ideals of body image prevalent in the LGBT community.
Hepatitis.
Men who have sex with men are at an increased risk of sexually transmitted infection with hepatitis, and immunization for Hepatitis A and Hepatitis B is recommended for all men who have sex with men. Safer sex is currently the only means of prevention for the Hepatitis C.
Sexually transmitted infections.
The first name proposed for what is now known as AIDS was Gay-related immune deficiency, or GRID. This name was proposed in 1982, after public health scientists noticed clusters of Kaposi's sarcoma and "Pneumocystis" pneumonia among gay males in California and New York City.
Men who have sex with men are more likely to acquire HIV in the modern West, Japan, India, and Taiwan, as well as other developed countries than among the general population, in the United States, 60 times more likely than the general population. An estimated 62% of adult and adolescent American males living with HIV/AIDS got it through sexual contact with other men.
HIV-related stigma is consistently and significantly associated with poorer physical and mental health in PLHIV (people living with HIV).
The US Center for Disease Control recommends annual screening for syphilis, gonorrhea, HIV and chlamydia for men who have sex with men.
Black gay men have a greater risk of HIV and other STIs than white gay men. However, their reported rates of unprotected anal intercourse are similar to those of men who have sex with men (MSM) of other ethnicities.
Substance abuse.
Studies have shown that gay men use substances, including recreational drugs such as poppers and marijuana; alcohol; and tobacco at a higher rate than the general population. Dr. David McDowell of Columbia University, who has studied substance abuse in gay men, wrote that club drugs are particularly popular at gay bars and circuit parties. Studies have shown that gay and bisexual men are 50% more likely to smoke than other men.
Issues affecting intersex people.
Including intersex under LGBT can be controversial, with some intersex people identifying with LGBT and some not; some argue I should be included as LGBTI. Intersex people may identify as heterosexual, lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans or no such labels, and so experience some of the issues related to these groups; however, intersex people can also have a variety of health issues from birth onwards that are unique to intersex people. There are a range of ways people can be intersex, so between different types of intersex people there can be different health issues that relate to their situation. For more information, see the article on intersex.
Health of LGBT people of color.
In a review of research, Balmsam, Molina, et al., found that “LGBT issues were addressed in 3,777 articles dedicated to public health; of these, 85% omitted information on race/ethnicity of 9 participants”. However, studies that have noted race have found significant health disparities between white LGBT people and LGBT people of color.
LGBT health research has also been criticized for lack of diversity in that, for example, a study may call for lesbians, but many black and minority ethnic groups do not use the term lesbian or gay to describe themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20875985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875985" title="Srednje Jarše">
Srednje Jarše

Srednje Jarše () is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River just north of Domžale, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20875988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20875988" title="Tim Carswell">
Tim Carswell

Timothy "Tim" Christopher Carswell (born 22 October 1971) is a former New Zealand racing cyclist. He won two bronze medals at the 1998 Commonwealth Games; one in the twenty kilometre scratch race and one in the team pursuit alongside fellow riders Brendon Cameron, Greg Henderson and Lee Vertongen.
He competed at two Olympics; in 1996 at Atlanta the team came 8th in the 4000m team pursuit, and in 2000 at Sydney the team came 6th in the 4000m team pursuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20876000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876000" title="Lebanese Academy of Sciences">
Lebanese Academy of Sciences

The Lebanese Academy of Sciences, known officially by its French name "Académie des Sciences du Liban (ASL)," is a learned society founded by a decree of the Government of the Republic of Lebanon in August 2007 with the aim of contributing to the growth, invigoration, and dissemination of the sciences in Lebanon. Membership in the ASL is a merit-based high honor conferred by election.
Mission.
According to its charter, the ASL aims to
History.
The foundation of the ASL was shepherded by the French Academy of Sciences, which also hosted the first meeting of the ASL in Paris on June 27, 2008. The first meeting of the ASL's Executive Committee was held in Beirut, Lebanon on October 29–31, 2008.
Members.
The members of the ASL are prominent Lebanese scientists working inside and outside of Lebanon, as well as distinguished foreign scientists, including some who are of Lebanese origin, or who can contribute to the growth of the sciences in Lebanon. All ASL academicians provide their services "pro bono," i.e. voluntarily and without payment, as a public service.
ASL Members:

</doc>
<doc id="20876014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876014" title="United States Marine Corps Combatant Diver Course">
United States Marine Corps Combatant Diver Course

The USMC Combatant Diver Course is taught at the Navy Diving and Salvage Training Center, Naval Support Activity Panama City, Panama City, Florida. Both of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force reconnaissance assets, FMF Recon and MarDiv Recon, widely use combatant diving. During this eight-week course, trainees are introduced to open and closed-circuit diving (using the Dräger LAR-V rebreather), diving physics and medical aid. Most of the training in combatant diving is done at night.
The course provides underwater tactical training and the skills needed to successfully conduct underwater navigation for infiltration and exfiltration. The candidates negotiate long distances in open water, infiltrating by surface and sub-surface, learning to deal with the hazards of a surf zone tangle and simulated equipment malfunctions.
The combatant divers course combines lecture, demonstration, and practical application in nitrox charging procedures using the USMC Oxygen Transfer Pump System, or USMC OTPS. Upon the completion of this course, the Marines (of any MOS that attends) are given the Special "B" MOS ].
History.
The Combat Swimmers Course was previously taught at the United States Navy's Amphibious Reconnaissance School, Troop Training Units (TTU)s at either Expeditionary Warfare Training Group (EWTG); Pacific (EWTGPAC) or Atlantic (EWTGLANT). It was first formed during World War II to teach selected reconnaissance Marines and sailors the fundamentals of advanced swimming. They were located on both of United States's coasts, at the naval amphibious bases, NAB Little Creek and NAB Coronado.
By the late 1980s, some combatant swimming courses were taught using the Marine Corps's own infrastructure, by experienced Marine combat divers. Because of the lack of facilities on Marine Corps bases, the Navy continued to provide the necessary training grounds for such training activities. The USMC Combatant Divers Course was established in 1993 at the Naval Diving and Salvage Training Center (NDSTC) in Panama City, FL.

</doc>
<doc id="20876018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876018" title="Yountville Hills">
Yountville Hills

The Yountville Hills are a mountain range in Napa County, California on the northwest side of the town of Yountville. The West Napa Fault extends into the Yountville Hills, as mapped in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20876039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876039" title="Yuha Buttes">
Yuha Buttes

The Yuha Buttes are a group of buttes in the Lower Colorado River Valley, in southern Imperial County, California.
The buttes are high points along a pair of en echelon northeast trending ridges in the Yuha Desert north of the border about west of Calexico. The highest point has an elevation of which is 100 to 250 feet above the surrounding desert. Sunrise Butte (elevation 387 ft.) lies 3.5 miles south and rises above California State Route 98, the Yuha Cutoff.

</doc>
<doc id="20876041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876041" title="List of Hudson's Bay Company trading posts">
List of Hudson's Bay Company trading posts

This is a list of Hudson's Bay Company trading posts.
For the fur trade in general see North American fur trade and Canadian canoe routes (early). For some groups of related posts see Fort-Rupert for James Bay. Ottawa River, Winnipeg River, Assiniboine River fur trade and Saskatchewan River fur trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20876044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876044" title="George Lloyd (bishop of Chester)">
George Lloyd (bishop of Chester)

George Lloyd (1561–1615) was born in Wales, and became Bishop of Sodor and Man, then Bishop of Chester. He is remembered for Bishop Lloyd's House in Chester, which he had built in the years before his death, and which is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
Life.
His father was Meredith Lloyd of Llanelian-yn-Rhos, Denbighshire.
He was educated at the King's School, Chester, and at Jesus College, Cambridge. He became a Fellow of Magdalene College, Cambridge around 1586. He was rector of Heswall, Cheshire from 1597. He became Bishop of Sodor and Man in 1600, and Bishop of Chester in 1605.
A former lecturer at Chester Cathedral, he was tolerant of Puritan views in his diocese. In local politics, he opposed Robert Whitby, a nominee of Lord Ellesmere as clerk of the Pentice, who was building a family factional position in the city.
Family.
His daughter Anne married Thomas Yale, whose son David was father of Elihu Yale, benefactor of Yale University. Anne married secondly Theophilus Eaton, one of the founders of the New Haven Colony. They emigrated in 1637 to New England, on the "Hector of London".

</doc>
<doc id="20876047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876047" title="Penmetsa Subbaraju">
Penmetsa Subbaraju

Penmetsa Subba Raju is rationalist leader and author. He wrote books criticising Bible and Christian fundamentalism. He is also founder of the Netradana Protsahaka Sangham (Society for Promotion of Eye Donation). This association is also affiliated with the International Humanist and Ethical Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20876086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876086" title="Sveta Trojica, Domžale">
Sveta Trojica, Domžale

Sveta Trojica (; ) is a settlement in the hills east of Domžale, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Konfin and Uševk (in older sources also "Olševek", ).
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Vrh Svete Trojice" (literally, 'Holy Trinity Peak') to "Sveta Trojica" (literally, 'Holy Trinity') in 1952. The name was changed again to "Trojica" (literally, 'Trinity') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name "Sveta Trojica" was restored in 1992. In the past the German name was "Heiligendreifaltigkeit".
History.
During the Second World War, the village and the surrounding area was used for convalescence by Partisan soldiers crossing the Sava River into Lower Carniola. Various Partisan units bivouacked in Sveta Trojica and Partisan meetings were held there. On 22 July 1944, Partisan forces repelled a German raid on the village. German troops burned the main settlement of Sveta Trojica, the hamlet of Uševk, and part of Konfin on 22 August 1944.
Liberator airplane crash.
On 2 April 1944 at about 11 am, an American bomber B-24 Liberator crashed near the village after it was damaged by a German air raid on its return from the bombing of a ball-bearing plant at Steyr (Austria). All of the crew members were able to jump out of the plane. Five of them escaped and join the Partisans, whereas the other five were captured by the Germans, but all of them survived and safely returned home. In 1994 a monument by the academic sculptor Tone Demšar was unveiled in Sveta Trojica in memory of this event. The unveiling ceremony was attended by some of the still living crew members.
Unmarked grave.
Sveta Trojica is the site of an unmarked grave from the Second World War. The Sever Shaft Grave (), also known as the Vastance Grave (), is located about 1 km east of Sveta Trojica, on the left side of a dirt road between house no. 11 and the Vovk farm in Zgornja Javoršica. During the war, the Partisans accused a civilian from Zajelše of betrayal, shot him, and hid the body in the shaft. After the war, the remains were removed and reburied.
Landmarks.
Castle.
The partially preserved ruins of Koprivnik Castle () are located in the hamlet of Konfin. The castle was abandoned in the 13th century, when the owners relocated to Krumperk Castle, and it was in ruins by the 17th century. In the second half of the 19th century, the castle became known as Old Castle () or Freight Castle (), named after the nearby freight route from the Central Sava Valley. In 1930 the ruins of the castle were purchased by Valentin Rožič.
Church.
The local church, from which the settlement also gets its name, is dedicated to the Holy Trinity (). The poet Dane Zajc is buried in the adjacent cemetery.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Sveta Trojica include:

</doc>
<doc id="20876093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876093" title="Ronald Jenkees">
Ronald Jenkees

Ronald Jenkees is an American composer and musician, best known for his YouTube keyboard performances, coverage on G4's "Attack of the Show!", and an appearance in "Paste Magazine". His YouTube videos have been viewed (in total) over 67 million times. Jenkees has thus far released three independent albums: the eponymous album "Ronald Jenkees" (2007), "Disorganized Fun" (2009), and "Days Away" (2012).
Musical career.
Jenkees was introduced to FL Studio by a friend. From about 2003, he began releasing beats and raps online under the name "Big Cheez". Under this name, he produced the 2005 album "Straight Laced" by Fish. In 2006, Jenkees started posting videos on YouTube to entertain people, but he later began posting music-related videos. These videos usually feature him wearing a hat and greeting his viewers by saying, "Hello Youtubes!". Jenkees feels that the "goofiness" he shows helps him to "not feel like such a show-off". His videos gradually gained popularity, and saw a boom in popularity when Bill Simmons from ESPN.com advertised Jenkees and asked him to record his podcast theme, and again after being "thumbed up" by members of the StumbleUpon community. In 2007, Jenkees independently released his first studio album, "Ronald Jenkees". In June 2009, Jenkees was featured on the STS9 album, "Peaceblaster: The New Orleans Make It Right Remixes", producing a remix of "Beyond Right Now". On July 31, 2009, Jenkees announced (via his Twitter feed) that he had released his second album, "Disorganized Fun". Both are currently available for purchase from either Amazon_MP3, the iTunes Store, the Google Play Store, or his personal website on physical compact discs or as direct MP3 downloads. He has also recorded a third album titled, "Days Away" which was released in 2012.
A selection of his music (from his first two independent albums, "Ronald Jenkees" and "Disorganized Fun") is included in the game "Sequence" available on Xbox Live and Steam.
Jenkees plans to release a fourth album in 2014.
Style.
Jenkees creates a variety of music ranging from techno to hip hop to rock and roll using pianos, keyboards, and various PC-controlled electronic synthesizers. His use of keyboard and synthesizer voices adds a variety of other instruments into his sound. For instance, in "Guitar Sound" from his second album "Disorganized Fun", the lead instrument is played on keyboard as usual, but mimics the sound of an electric guitar. This produces a unique interpretation of the rock and roll genre, but at around 3:15 of the same track, he switches to more electronic sounding voices and shifts the song into a techno or trance influenced rock opera. In some of his YouTube videos he employs a harmonica for his slower tempo songs.
Media coverage.
Jenkees was featured in "Paste Magazine", columns by Bill Simmons on ESPN.com, and on the G4 television show "Attack of the Show!". In 2009, Jenkees was interviewed on Fox Business Network.
Discography.
Derty
Neptune,
Canon in D Remix,
Clutter,
Super-Fun,
The Rocky Song Remixed,
Snap,
The Sunfish Song,
Loui,
Gold Spinners,
Remix to a Remix,
Almost Undamaged,
56K (rap),
Ain't No Thang (rap)
Disorganized Fun,
Fifteen Fifty,
Guitar Sound,
Synth One,
Throwing Fire,
Minimal MC,
Stay Crunchy,
Inverted Mean,
Outer Space,
Let's Ride (rap),
It's Gettin Rowdy (rap)
Magnetic Moment,
Speaker1 Speaker 1,
Sidetracked,
Early Morning May,
Supercell in Tune,
With Water and Light,
7 Times,
Red Lemonade,
Days Away,
Deep-Sea Sounding,
Error Me Out,
Piano Wire,
Simppletank,
From The Arrow Loop,
Red Lemonade Remixed

</doc>
<doc id="20876116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876116" title="Social structure of Sri Lanka">
Social structure of Sri Lanka

The social structure of Sri Lanka has clearly changed with the centuries and it is difficult to adequately discuss the topic in a single article. However, there are specific class names, castes, and categories that are helpful to define.
Caste.
Much like other South Asian countries Sri Lanka has a complex caste system and as a result extensive caste discrimination, even though its constitution states that all men and women are equal. The history of the caste system in Sri Lanka is unclear since there is very little historical evidence and many research carried out into the subject have been criticized as been biased. 
The Sinhalese and Tamil people who make up majority of the population have their own distinctive caste system and veneration of these also exist based on geographical lines.
Kandy Kingdom.
The last native Kingdom of the island saw the caste system forming a social structure, since occupation was hereditary and such persons of a common occupation formed a unique social culture. The Kings of the kingdom descended from the immediate relatives of the former king, hence the Royals were limited to the Royal family, this meant that often Royal Princess were brought from South India. The aristocrats who carried out affairs of state were from the caste of Radala. Others in the kingdom belonged to different castes according to their occupation. Social mobility was impossible.
Colonial rule.
With onset of the colonial rule in the country different castes emerged with new occupation. However social mobility was present since the colonial rulers didn't impose hereditary occupations as was the case in the Kandy Kingdom. Therefor it is identified that this is the point in which the caste began to be limited to a social culture rather than an occupational group. Newer castes originated at this point such as the powerful Mudaliyar class who loyally served their colonial masters.
Late 19th century.
By the late 19th century the upper class natives of Ceylon (called Ceylonese by the British) formed a second class group in their own land, serving their colonial masters. The finest example of this would be the famous second class and third class carriages use by the Ceylonese on the trains due to the first was reserved only for Europeans . This upper class of Ceylonese derived their wealth from land holdings that were passed down the generations and derived their power from severing in posts in the British colonial administration. At first these were limited to post special posts reserved for natives such as Rate Mahattaya in the central highlands and the Mudaliyars in the coastal areas, letter as new generation of these native chieftains grew up educated in the Christian missionary schools, public schools modeled after their English counterparts and at British Universities they were taken in to the prestigious Ceylon Civil Service, others took up places in the Legislative and later the State councils. Entering into this upper class were successful merchants who gained wealth in the lucrative mining industry of the time. 
A middle class emerged at this period of a bourgeois people who gained their status by Professions or by Business.
20th century.
The 20th century brought several changes to the social structure. By the 1940s when Ceylon gained Independence from the British (in 1948) there were four social groups. Upper class made up primary of landowners, the Upper middle class of educated professionals holding traditional jobs such as Lawyers, Doctors, Army officers, Academics, senior Civil Servants and police officers; and merchants. The political leaders of the new Dominion of Ceylon came from these to classes. Lower middle class made up persons who were educated but held less prestigious, but respected jobs such lower level public servants, policemen, teachers.
This order changed dramatically in the 1970s due to the land reforms brought on by the government of Sirimavo Bandaranaike who limited private owner ship of land to and ownership of private houses to two (later changed), excess land was nationalized along with many industries. This rendered the wealthiest who made up the Upper class and Upper middle class who greatly dependent on a secondary income void of their income and with it their power. The following the failure of the socialist economic drive of the 1970s the new government of J R Jayewardene open up the counties economy to free market reforms. This along with the civil war saw major change in the social structure.
21st century.
The direct result of the changes of the 1970s and the 1980s was witnessed only at the late 20th century and start of the 21st century. Today, Sri Lanka's social structure is based purely on money and power.
Upper class.
The upper class in Sri Lanka is statistically very small and consists of industrialists, businessmen, senior executives and serving government ministers. These people are the wealthiest in the land, having in some cases inherited money and position, and in other cases having earned it themselves. Their educational backgrounds may vary, but they typically send their children to national, private or international schools to be educated in English and thereafter send them to overseas universities.
Upper middle class.
The upper middle class in Sri Lanka consists of bourgeois and educated professionals who generally come from educated backgrounds, having been educated at public or private schools and local or foreign universities. Traditional jobs include lawyers, doctors, engineers, military officers, academics, senior civil servants, and managers. They typically send their children (depending on family income, traditions, residence) to national, private or international schools to be educated in English or in their local languages. For university education, they may be sent to overseas universities or local private higher education institutions (depending on family income).
The lower middle class.
The lower middle class in Sri Lanka consists of people in blue-collar jobs living in less prosperous suburbs. This class constitutes the largest of Sri Lanka's social groups. Typically they have not have had a university education, and send their children to national or provincial schools to be educated in their local languages (depending on family residence or scholarships). For university education, if selected they may be sent to local state universities, if not local private higher education institutions.
The poor.
These people would typically be on low incomes and dependent on state benefits. Many reside in the slums or shanty towns of cities or underdeveloped rural areas. They send their children to provincial schools to be educated in their local languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20876138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876138" title="Louis Laybourne Smith">
Louis Laybourne Smith

Louis Laybourne Smith CMG (1 April 1880 – 13 September 1965) was an architect and educator in South Australia. Born in the Adelaide inner-southern suburb of Unley, he became interested in engineering and architecture while in the goldfields of Western Australia and later studied mechanical engineering at the School of Mines, serving an apprenticeship under architect Edward Davies. After graduating he accepted a position as a lecturer at the school, and was responsible for developing the first formal architecture course in the State in 1904. Between 1905 and 1914, he served as registrar at the school before leaving to join his long-time friend, Walter Bagot, at the architectural firm of Woods, Bagot and Jory. He remained with the firm until his death in 1965, and over the years was involved in a number of significant projects, including the South Australian National War Memorial and the original Australian Mutual Provident building on King William Street. 
Along with his teaching and professional duties, Laybourne Smith was a member of the South Australian Institute of Architects, the Federal Council of the Australian Institute of Architects, and the Australian Institute of Architects, as well as being on numerous committees and advising the State Government in the formation of both the State Building Act of 1923 and the 1939 Architects Act.
During his life Laybourne Smith received a number of awards and honours, including Life Fellowship to the Royal Australian Institute of Architects and the Royal Institute of British Architects, the Royal Australian Institute of Architects Gold Medal, and was named a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George. Today, the architectural school which he founded (now part of the University of South Australia) bears his name—the Louis Laybourne Smith School of Architecture.
Early life and education.
Louis Laybourne Smith was born to Joseph and Annie Laybourne Smith on 1 April 1880, in Unley, South Australia. His parents had emigrated to Australia so that his father could take up a post as a chemist with F.H. Faulding & Co. However, it appears that Joseph Laybourne Smith found dentistry more to his liking, for he went on to gain qualifications in the field through the Australian College of Dentistry. Both Laybourne Smith's primary and secondary education were obtained at the nearby Windham and Way colleges; his education was interrupted in the mid-1890s when his parents decided to move to the goldfields of Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie in Western Australia. 
According to Laybourne Smith, he became interested in machinery while in the goldfields. His parents decided to direct him towards architecture, as it "was the nearest thing to white-collar engineering work that they could think of". He was articled to A. A. E. Dancker for a period before returning to Adelaide in 1898. Laybourne Smith's parents had intended for him to study architecture at the University of Adelaide, but there were no courses available at the time. As a result, Laybourne Smith undertook to complete a mechanical engineering course part-time at the School of Mines, and (in order to pursue his interest in architecture) he was articled to Edward Davies from 1901.
He proved to be an excellent student, winning scholarships in both his second and third years, and was the first person to finish the course within the proscribed four years. He completed his apprenticeship with Davies in 1904, and was admitted as an Associate to the South Australian Institute of Architects, although the ongoing impact of the depression made finding work difficult. In spite of this, he found employment as a draftsman, initially with Ernest Bayer and later with John Quinton Bruce.
After graduating at the School of Mines, Laybourne Smith continued his studies at the University of Adelaide, completing a Bachelor of Science in 1911. This was surrendered in 1914 for a Bachelor of Engineering.
Teaching career.
In 1903, Laybourne Smith was invited to lecture in mechanical engineering at the School of Mines—a position which Page states that Laybourne Smith was "delighted" to accept. He was thereafter elected as the school's registrar in 1905, and continued in that post full-time until 1914, after which he ran the school part-time until 1951. Even then, Laybourne Smith's involvement with the school did not end after Gavin Walkley took over, and he was still associated with the school when he died in 1965.
While working at the school, Laybourne Smith initiated his own classes on architecture, gathering "a group of colleagues who instructed one another" in the field. After being approached in 1906 by the Council of the School of Mines, Laybourne Smith teamed with Walter Bagot to develop a new architecture course. The result was a three-year part-time Associate Diploma, although students were still expected to be articled to professional architects in order to gain more practical experience in the field. By 1916 the course was regarded as of sufficient quality to place its students "in the same rank as architectural students in other parts of the world".
While the School of Mines no longer exists, the school of architecture founded by Laybourne Smith is now part of the University of South Australia, and since 1963 the Louis Laybourne Smith School of Architecture and Building has borne his name as its founder.
Architectural career.
Upon leaving his full-time position at the School of Mines, Laybourne Smith acted as a "stand-in" for Walter Bagot at Bagot's architectural firm, Woods, Bagot and Jory, while Bagot was overseas. Edward Woods died in 1913, and three years later Laybourne Smith became a full partner in the newly named Woods, Bagot, Jory & Laybourne Smith. Laybourne Smith was to remain with the firm until his death in 1965.
Laybourne Smith's friendship with Walter Bagot had spanned many years prior to the partnership, but their respective working methods was "so different that they seemed unlikely partners". While Baggot was "notorious" for the attention he gave to minor details in designs, Laybourne Smith was described as being just as happy to develop a sketch and to pass it on to the draftsmen to "work up" (although it should be noted that this does not represent a lack of attention, as his designs were "sketched in tiny, neat detail"). In spite of these differences, their respective strengths tended to balance one another: Bagot was a traditionalist in design, while Laybourne Smith brought an engineer's knowledge and "ingenuity" to the partnership.
Works.
Laybourne Smith's first major work with Woods, Bagot & Jory was the refurbishment of the National Bank building on King William Street, and from there he graduated to work on a number of notable buildings within South Australia and interstate. Both the firm in general and Laybourne Smith in particular were traditionalists in their designs, to the point where Page reports that Laybourne Smith took as a compliment a description of one of his works in 1965 as "striped pants and all". This traditionalism was particularly evident in their work for the University of Adelaide. Between 1910 and 1945, the firm served as architects to the University of Adelaide, and Bagot strove towards congruity for the university. The result included a number of buildings that were designed by Laybourne Smith in a "Georgian revival" style, including the original heritage listed Student Union building and the main building of the Waite Agricultural Research Institute, which is also heritage listed and has been described as being "reministent of the great English country houses". Similarly, Laybourne Smith applied traditional designs to a number of ecclesiastical projects. These include St Cuthbert's Anglican Church in North Adelaide, which is heritage listed as an example of Gothic Revival architecture; and the romanesque St. Dominic's Chapel at the Cabra Dominican College in Cumberland Park.
His background in engineering was put to good use on a number of projects. In particular, the John Martins store on Rundle Street (now Rundle Mall), was constructed by raising the top floor of the building on hydraulic jacks, building two new floors underneath while the remainder of the store continued to operate normally. Another of Laybourne Smith's buildings, the Australian Mutual Provident building on King William Street in Adelaide, was one of the first in the state to feature air conditioning, as this was considered to be quite an "innovative" addition in 1934. 
Other works by Laybourne Smith include the facade on the Balfours Cafe in Rundle Mall (heritage listed in part due to the innovative "building envelope", which is "independent of the internal structure"), the Repatriation General Hospital in Daw Park (developed by Laybourne Smith from sketch plans produced by Melbourne firm Stephenson & Turner), and the South Australian National War Memorial. This last structure represents a collaboration between Laybourne Smith, Walter Bagot, and Sydney-based sculptor Rayner Hoff. Although Walter Bagot produced the original design for the architectural competition in 1924, his design was, (along with the other entrants), deemed to be "unsuitable". After the entries were destroyed by fire late that year, Laybourne Smith, working with artist Rayner Hoff, was able to redraw the design largely from memory in order to enter the subsequent 1926 competition. In doing so they built upon Bagot's work, making the memorial "grander" in its scope—and this proved to be sufficient for the firm to be awarded the commission.
Professional activities and associations.
Although Laybourne Smith continued to be involved in teaching and architectural design, he was also involved in professional organisations and committees. He was admitted to the South Australian Institute of Architects (SAIA) as an associate in 1904, made a fellow in 1907, elected to the council in 1909, and served two terms as President (1921–1923 and 1935–1937). In all, Laybourne Smith served on the SAIA council for 50 years, from 1909 to 1959.
Laybourne Smith played a significant role in the formation of a national body of architects. He was a founding member of the Federal Council of the Australian Institute of Architects, first proposed in 1914 and officially formed in 1915, which served as a "first step" towards the formation of a national body. Between 1991 and 1922, he served as president of this body. After the Royal Australian Institute of Architects (RAIA) was formed (now known as the Australian Institute of Architects), he served as a councilor for 11 years (between 1933 and 1944), and as the President of the institute from 1937 to 1938. 
In addition to his role on the councils, Laybourne Smith was an adviser during the development of the State Building Act of 1923, and he was largely responsible for the framing of the 1939 Architects Act, (which provided for the formal registration of architects in South Australia). Because of his work on the State Building act, Laybourne Smith sat on the Board of Referees responsible for adjudicating disputes, and his position on the Architects Board of South Australia was a direct result of his involvement in the creation of the Architects Act.
Influence and awards.
Louis Laybourne Smith is regarded as being one of the "key practitioners" of architecture in South Australia. In particular, he had a significant influence on the direction of architectural education in South Australia. His career spanned more than half a century, with much of it directly involved in education, and during that time he (and Walter Bagot) served as one of the "last links with the distant past of South Australian architecture"—having known (either directly or indirectly) most of the architects of the colonial era, while being responsible for the training of many of those who were to follow.
Furthermore, he had a substantial impact on the development of architecture as a professional body through his involvement in the Architects Act of 1931 and the formation of a national body for architects. This political work also had a social dimension: his work on the Building Act Advisory Committee helped to highlight the low quality of the housing in the poorer areas of Adelaide, and this led to a change in how the public viewed what was acceptable as low-income housing. The South Australian Housing Trust was a direct result of his actions, and led to the provision of low cost rental housing to working families in the state.
As well as having the architectural school named in his honour, in 1961 Laybourne Smith was awarded the Gold Medal by the Royal Australian Institute of Architects, and prior to that date, in 1948, he was appointed as a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George. Two busts of his likeness have also been commissioned. One was by Rayner Hoff, with whom he had collaborated on the design for the South Australian National War Memorial, and is kept in the offices of Woods Bagot. The second was unveiled in 1961, and was sculpted by South Australian artist John Dowie. It can be found at the Louis Laybourne Smith School of Architecture at the University of South Australia.
Laybourne Smith was a Life Fellow with both the Royal Australian Institute of Architects, (awarded in 1944), and a Fellow (1939) and Life Fellow (1944) of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
Personal life.
Described as a "dapper young man with a moustache waxed into long points", he made for a "dynamic figure with a penetrating voice", and was noted for riding his Douglas motorcycle through the 1920s and 30s in his khaki overalls as he traveled between his professional practice, teaching duties and home life. On the home front, Louis Laybourne Smith married Frances Maude Davies, the daughter of Edward Davies to whom he had been articled, on 9 April 1903. They had three daughters and a son, Gordon Laybourne Smith, who ultimately followed his father into architecture. 
Laybourne Smith "consistently overworked"; architecture was said to be both his profession and his obsession. When his firm announced a retirement scheme he declared that he had no intention of retiring, and such proved to be the case—he died at his desk on 13 September 1965 at the age of 85.

</doc>
<doc id="20876184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876184" title="Changchun University of Science and Technology">
Changchun University of Science and Technology

Changchun University of Science and Technology () is a provincial key university, previously known as Changchun Institute of Optics and Fine Mechanics (). The university was founded in 1958 in Changchun, Jilin, China.
After half a century’s development and construction, Changchun University of Science and Technology has been developed into a multidisciplinary university with opto-electronic technology as its outstanding feature and with the integration of optics, mechanics, electronics, computer science as well as material science as its superiority.
Following the educational philosophy of ‘Focusing on Cultivation, Advocating Science’ and the university motto of ‘Virtuous, Learned, truthful, Innovative’, the university is endeavoring to reach the goal of ‘provincially top, nationally advanced, and internationally well-known’.
Changchun University of Science and Technology has accepted nearly 1000 international students since 1987. The international students mostly come from over 30 countries such as the United States, Russia, Britain, Canada, Norway, Korea, Sudan, Mongolia, DPRK, Vietnam, Japan, Mali, Kenya and Micronesia.
Libraries.
CUST Library was initially founded in 1958, simultaneously with the university itself. With unanimous growth with CUST, the infrastructure of the libraries as well as other aspects of dedication have maintained steady development. Since nearly half a century’s construction, two large and modern libraries with its unique features of collection are now erupting at both the east campus and west campus of CUST. Following CUST’s overall layout and programming, the library in the east campus nominates a collection of books in the fields of sciences while the library in the west campus mainly collects books involving the fields of humanities.
The libraries have now a collection of 1,772,000 copies of books in Chinese and foreign languages. The floor area of the libraries is 32,621 square meters.
Courses Catalog.
Brief Introduction to Master Program of Optical Electric Engineering.
Optical electric engineering school of Changchun university of science and technology established in 1958, was originated from the optical electric engineering department of Changchun Institute of optics and fine mechanics. There are five departments in this school: optical engineering department, instrumental science and technology department, detection and information engineering department, photo electronics institution and the institute of space technology. In the school here is also one national key major, two Doctoral (optical engineering and instrumental science and technology), three master's programs (optical engineering, measuring and testing technology, and fine instruments), and four bachelor programs (controlling technology and instruments, opto electrical information engineering, information confrontation, detection guidance and controlling technology).

</doc>
<doc id="20876186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876186" title="Šentpavel pri Domžalah">
Šentpavel pri Domžalah

Šentpavel pri Domžalah () is a small settlement south of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Šent Pavel" to "Šentpavel pri Domžalah" in 1955. In the 19th century the German name was "Sankt Paul".

</doc>
<doc id="20876188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876188" title="Vrangel">
Vrangel

Vrangel () was an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Primorsky Krai, Russia, located on east coast of Nakhodka Bay. Its foundation date is unknown. On December 1, 2004 it was merged with the city of Nakhodka. Population: 
Vostochny Port, one of Russia's largest ports, is located near Vrangel.

</doc>
<doc id="20876189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876189" title="Jade Warrior (album)">
Jade Warrior (album)

Jade Warrior—the debut self-titled and self-produced album by Jade Warrior, released in 1971 as one of the earlier albums of the psychedelic progressive rock movement. Aurally, the album sets the scene for what the majority of the bands later albums were to sound like—mixing various ethnic sounds with a progressive and unearthly sound, as well as sudden changes between slow acoustic guitar melody, to distorted and heavy electric guitar with a faster tempo.
The album has a definite lack of contemporary drum backing, as the band was yet to include an exclusive drummer, and relied on Field to provide the percussion with non-western instruments.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jade Warrior, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20876218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876218" title="Jingzhou (disambiguation)">
Jingzhou (disambiguation)

Jingzhou is a prefecture-level city in Hubei, China
Jingzhou may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20876231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876231" title="The Hempest">
The Hempest

The Hempest is an eco-friendly clothing store specializing in hemp clothing, products, and accessories. The store was founded in 1995 in Boston, Massachusetts with the conviction of "bringing hemp back to the marketplace and into full view of the public". Though the stores typically work together, each is independent from one another.

</doc>
<doc id="20876239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876239" title="Amnon Dankner">
Amnon Dankner

Amnon Dankner (, February 5, 1946 – April 5, 2013) was an Israeli newspaper editor and author. He was the editor of the mass-circulation daily "Maariv" for six years.
Biography.
Amnon Dankner was born in Jerusalem. His parents were the owners of Cafe Allenby. The family was secular but he attended a religious school, Ma'aleh, where he was a classmate of Haim Be'er. He served in the Nahal corps and studied law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was married to Miri, with whom he had two sons, Yoav and Itai. Although he preferred Jerusalem, at his wife's insistence he lived in Ramat Hasharon.
On 5 April 2013, at the age of 67, he died in his home from cardiac arrest. He is survived by his wife, two children and five grandchildren.
Journalistic and literary career.
In the 1970s, Dankner was the spokesman of the Israeli Ministry of Education and the Jewish Agency. He was a reporter for "Haaretz", the Washington correspondent for "Davar", a columnist for "Hadashot" and the editor-in-chief of "Maariv" from 2002 to 2007. He was one of the hosts of the Israeli political talk show "Popolitika".
In 1992, Dankner published a biography of Dahn Ben-Amotz that stirred up a major controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="20876248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876248" title="Henry Finlay">
Henry Finlay

Henry Joseph Finlay (died 1959) was an Irish politician. He was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála TD for the Roscommon constituency at the 1923 general election. He resigned on 30 October 1924 and the subsequent by-election held on 11 March 1925 was won by Martin Conlon of Cumann na nGaedheal.

</doc>
<doc id="20876254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876254" title="Centralcasting">
Centralcasting

In terrestrial radio and television broadcasting, centralcasting refers to the use of systems automation by which customised signals for broadcast by multiple individual stations may be created at one central facility.
Definition.
Centralcasting is a form of broadcast automation which operates on the presumption that large quantities of content are similar and are handled in a consistent or repetitive manner across multiple stations in a broadcast station group. While each individual station has its own digital on-screen graphic logo, call sign and identity, much of the content on a typical affiliate station consists of a common television network or syndicated programming with a small number of local broadcast programming time blocks employed for television news and sports television coverage, public affairs programming or local television commercials.
Traditionally, many operations at an individual broadcast station were handled manually by broadcast engineering technicians at the local station. Network feeds would arrive by satellite; these would contain time cues to indicate when the station could switch to a prerecorded local station break from a videotape recorder, a local station ID from a character generator or a local program such as a newscast. Syndicated programming would arrive separately, either recorded in advance from satellite for tape delay or transported on prerecorded media. Local advertisements would be stored on tape cartridges ("carts") which would need to be inserted in the correct timeslots manually. A station could not operate unattended, even if it were merely retransmitting a network television programme originated elsewhere.
Broadcast automation relies on computers to store and retrieve video, largely eliminating the use of individual videotapes and allowing switching and retrieval of stored programming, advertising and titles to take place automatically. The server would operate from stored playlists, in which each programme, each commercial advertisement, each live or network feed and each station break had been configured in advance.
Central control.
In some cases, broadcasters have operated groups of multiple stations at the regional or national level from one central facility, removing many tasks which were formerly done locally. These operations normally take one of two forms:
Non-broadcast operations.
Many traffic and operations tasks, such as acquiring programming, selling advertisements, scheduling and keeping records of what was broadcast and billing advertisers take place behind the scenes, yet are also suited to automation and central operation by regional broadcast station groups. If computers handle scheduling of individual broadcasts, advertisements and local identification, a computerised record of what has been broadcast can easily be extracted for use at a central location to bill advertisers for broadcast time. Central operation of non-broadcast business functions removes the need for these tasks to be carried out at each of the multiple local stations.
Advantages.
For some broadcasters, centralisation of broadcasting operations has reduced the number of people required to operate a station, with some saving in cost. This must be carefully balanced, however, against the cost of the extra communications links required from the local station to the hub; these often are optical fibre, microwave or (occasionally) satellite and can be costly if large amounts of digital video must be carried great distances.
By shifting many of the control tasks to a central hub, centralcasting may also reduce the investment which must be made in equipment for each individual local station in the group for upgrades such as digital television broadcasting as less equipment is required at each local station site.
Centralcasting can also be used as a way to control a station's local operations remotely during off-hours (such as late night, where there may be no one or just a skeleton crew at the local site). This can allow a station to operate on an "auto-pilot" basis during off-hours in which it otherwise may have needed to sign-off.
Drawbacks.
An over-reliance on automation (and a reduction in the number of people at the local station) may leave an individual station less able to respond to local breaking news, such as tornadoes or other natural disasters which require local, live and immediate coverage. Individual local stations must also retain enough equipment to handle Emergency Alert System messages, routing them automatically to any remote locations being used to encode the final broadcast signals.
The use of large amounts of centrally assembled programming may also reduce local diversity, turning a station into little more than a semi-satellite of a main broadcaster in another city. In some cases, individual stations in a group will legally need to maintain nominal main studios in or near their respective communities of license but will originate little or nothing from these facilities once most broadcast-related tasks become centralised.
Broadcast centralisation can create problems when one station in the group is sold (as the local master control functions which had been centralised must be restored before the local station is a viable stand-alone entity). There also needs to be some means to remain on-air locally if the link to the central hub is lost, lest a single point of failure take down all stations in the regional group.
Users.
Individual users of centralcasting facilities include:
Controversy.
Some groups, such as Sinclair Broadcasting, have attempted to centralise not only routine operational tasks but also the production of local news. The News Central format, which Sinclair abandoned in 2006, involved inserting small blocks of local content into an otherwise-national newscast, which would then be presented to local viewers as having been generated at the local station.
The resulting product contains largely the same content (and potentially the same journalistic biases) in each market in which it appears, raising objections from proponents of localism and opponents of concentration of media ownership.
The reduction in local broadcast-related jobs as tasks are moved to central locations has also drawn objections from trade unions.

</doc>
<doc id="20876256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876256" title="Meizhou (disambiguation)">
Meizhou (disambiguation)

Meizhou may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20876263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876263" title="Samir Šarić">
Samir Šarić

Samir Šarić (born on 27 May 1984 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian football player. He currently free agent.
He previously played for FK Radnik Hadžići, FK Sarajevo, Umeå FC, Løv-Ham and Sandefjord.

</doc>
<doc id="20876295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876295" title="Škocjan, Domžale">
Škocjan, Domžale

Škocjan (; in older sources also "Škocijan", ) is small settlement east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Cantius.

</doc>
<doc id="20876317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20876317" title="Altaf Tyrewala">
Altaf Tyrewala

Altaf Tyrewala (born January 1977) is an Indian, English-language author. He lives in Mumbai. Altaf studied advertising and marketing in New York, he earned a BBA from Baruch College in 1995, before returning to Mumbai in 1999 to work on his critically acclaimed debut novel "No God in Sight". The novel, published by Penguin India in 2005, has been translated into Marathi, German, French, Spanish, Italian and Dutch, and published in the US and Canada. Tyrewala's short stories have been included in several Indian and international anthologies. Altaf's work has been hailed as "more sophisticated and universal than Adiga’s" by some critics.

</doc>
