<doc id="20907274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907274" title="Boydell Shakespeare Gallery">
Boydell Shakespeare Gallery

The Boydell Shakespeare Gallery in London, England, was the first stage of a three-part project initiated in November 1786 by engraver and publisher John Boydell in an effort to foster a school of British history painting. In addition to the establishment of the gallery, Boydell planned to produce an illustrated edition of William Shakespeare's plays and a folio of prints based upon a series of paintings by different contemporary painters. During the 1790s the London gallery that showed the original paintings emerged as the project's most popular element.
The works of William Shakespeare enjoyed a renewed popularity in 18th-century Britain. Several new editions of his works were published, his plays were revived in the theatre and numerous works of art were created illustrating the plays and specific productions of them. Capitalising on this interest, Boydell decided to publish a grand illustrated edition of Shakespeare's plays that would showcase the talents of British painters and engravers. He chose the noted scholar and Shakespeare editor George Steevens to oversee the edition, which was released between 1791 and 1803.
The press reported weekly on the building of Boydell's gallery, designed by George Dance the Younger, on a site in Pall Mall. Boydell commissioned works from famous painters of the day, such as Joshua Reynolds, and the folio of engravings proved the enterprise's most lasting legacy. However, the long delay in publishing the prints and the illustrated edition prompted criticism. Because they were hurried, and many illustrations had to be done by lesser artists, the final products of Boydell's venture were judged to be disappointing. The project caused the Boydell firm to become insolvent, and they were forced to sell the gallery at a lottery.
Shakespeare in the 18th century.
In the 18th century, Shakespeare became associated with rising British nationalism, and Boydell tapped into the same mood that many other entrepreneurs were exploiting. Shakespeare appealed not only to a social elite who prided themselves on their artistic taste, but also to the emerging middle class who saw in Shakespeare's works a vision of a diversified society. The mid-century Shakespearean theatrical revival was probably most responsible for reintroducing the British public to Shakespeare. Shakespeare's plays were integral to the theatre's resurgence at this time. Despite the upsurge in theatre-going, writing tragedies was not profitable, and thus few good tragedies were written. Shakespeare's works filled the gap in the repertoire, and his reputation grew as a result. By the end of the 18th century, one out of every six plays performed in London was by Shakespeare.
The actor, director, and producer David Garrick was a key figure in Shakespeare's theatrical renaissance. His reportedly superb acting, unrivalled productions, numerous and important Shakespearean portraits, and his spectacular 1769 Shakespeare Jubilee helped promote Shakespeare as a marketable product and the national playwright. Garrick's Drury Lane theatre was the centre of the Shakespeare mania which swept the nation.
The visual arts also played a significant role in expanding Shakespeare's popular appeal. In particular, the conversation pieces designed chiefly for homes generated a wide audience for literary art, especially Shakespearean art. This tradition began with William Hogarth (whose prints reached all levels of society) and attained its peak in the Royal Academy exhibitions, which displayed paintings, drawings, and sculptures. The exhibitions became important public events: thousands flocked to see them, and newspapers reported in detail on the works displayed. They became a fashionable place to be seen (as did Boydell's Shakespeare Gallery, later in the century). In the process, the public was refamiliarized with Shakespeare's works.
Shakespeare editions.
The rise in Shakespeare's popularity coincided with Britain's accelerating change from an oral to a print culture. Towards the end of the century, the basis of Shakespeare's high reputation changed. He had originally been respected as a playwright, but once the theatre became associated with the masses, Shakespeare's status as a "great writer" shifted. Two strands of Shakespearean print culture emerged: bourgeois popular editions and scholarly critical editions.
In order to turn a profit, booksellers chose well-known authors, such as Alexander Pope and Samuel Johnson, to edit Shakespeare editions. According to Shakespeare scholar Gary Taylor, Shakespearean criticism became so "associated with the dramatis personae of 18th-century English literature ... he could not be extracted without uprooting a century and a half of the national canon". The 18th century's first Shakespeare edition, which was also the first illustrated edition of the plays, was published in 1709 by Jacob Tonson and edited by Nicholas Rowe. The plays appeared in "pleasant and readable books in small format" which "were supposed ... to have been taken for common or garden use, domestic rather than library sets". Shakespeare became "domesticated" in the 18th century, particularly with the publication of family editions such as Bell's in 1773 and 1785–86, which advertised themselves as "more instructive and intelligible; especially to the young ladies and to youth; glaring indecencies being removed".
Scholarly editions also proliferated. At first, these were edited by author-scholars such as Pope (1725) and Johnson (1765), but later in the century this changed. Editors such as George Steevens (1773, 1785) and Edmund Malone (1790) produced meticulous editions with extensive footnotes. The early editions appealed to both the middle class and to those interested in Shakespeare scholarship, but the later editions appealed almost exclusively to the latter. Boydell's edition, at the end of the century, tried to reunite these two strands. It included illustrations but was edited by George Steevens, one of the foremost Shakespeare scholars of the day.
Boydell's Shakespeare venture.
Boydell's Shakespeare project contained three parts: an illustrated edition of Shakespeare's plays; a folio of prints from the gallery (originally intended to be a folio of prints from the edition of Shakespeare's plays); and a public gallery where the original paintings for the prints would hang.
The idea of a grand Shakespeare edition was conceived during a dinner at the home of Josiah Boydell (John's nephew) in late 1786. Five important accounts of the occasion survive. From these, a guest list and a reconstruction of the conversation have been assembled. The guest list reflects the range of Boydell's contacts in the artistic world: it included Benjamin West, painter to King George III; George Romney, a renowned portrait painter; George Nicol, bookseller to the king; William Hayley, a poet; John Hoole, a scholar and translator of Tasso and Aristotle; and Daniel Braithwaite, secretary to the postmaster general and a patron of artists such as Romney and Angelica Kauffman. Most accounts also place the painter Paul Sandby at the gathering.
Boydell wanted to use the edition to help stimulate a British school of history painting. He wrote in the "Preface" to the folio that he wanted "to advance that art towards maturity, and establish an English School of Historical Painting". A court document used by Josiah to collect debts from customers after Boydell's death relates the story of the dinner and Boydell's motivations:
said he should like to wipe away the stigma that all foreign critics threw on this nation—that they had no genius for historical painting. He said he was certain from his success in encouraging engraving that Englishmen wanted nothing but proper encouragement and a proper subject to excel in historical painting. The encouragement he would endeavor to find if a proper subject were pointed out. Mr. Nicol replied that there was one great National subject concerning which there could be no second opinion, and mentioned Shakespeare. The proposition was received with acclaim by the Alderman Boydell and the whole company.
However, as Frederick Burwick argues in his introduction to a collection of essays on the Boydell Gallery, "hatever claims Boydell might make about furthering the cause of history painting in England, the actual rallying force that brought the artists together to create the Shakespeare Gallery was the promise of engraved publication and distribution of their works."
After the initial success of the Shakespeare Gallery, many wanted to take credit. Henry Fuseli long claimed that his planned Shakespeare ceiling (in imitation of the Sistine Chapel ceiling) had given Boydell the idea for the gallery. James Northcote claimed that his "Death of Wat Tyler" and "Murder of the Princes in the Tower" had motivated Boydell to start the project. However, according to Winifred Friedman, who has researched the Boydell Gallery, it was probably Joshua Reynolds's Royal Academy lectures on the superiority of history painting that influenced Boydell the most.
The logistics of the enterprise were difficult to organise. Boydell and Nicol wanted to produce an illustrated edition of a multi-volume work and intended to bind and sell the 72 large prints separately in a folio. A gallery was required to exhibit the paintings from which the prints were drawn. The edition was to be financed through a subscription campaign, during which the buyers would pay part of the price up front and the remainder on delivery. This unusual practice was necessitated by the fact that over £350,000—an enormous sum at the time, worth about £ today—was eventually spent. The gallery opened in 1789 with 34 paintings and added 33 more in 1790 when the first engravings were published. The last volume of the edition and the "Collection of Prints" were published in 1803. In the middle of the project, Boydell decided that he could make more money if he published different prints in the folio than in the illustrated edition; as a result, the two sets of images are not identical.
Advertisements were issued and placed in newspapers. When a subscription was circulated for a medal to be struck, the copy read: "The encouragers of this great national undertaking will also have the satisfaction to know, that their names will be handed down to Posterity, as the Patrons of Native Genius, enrolled with their own hands, in the same book, with the best of Sovereigns." The language of both the advertisement and the medal emphasised the role each subscriber played in the patronage of the arts. The subscribers were primarily middle-class Londoners, not aristocrats. Edmund Malone, himself an editor of a rival Shakespeare edition, wrote that "before the scheme was well-formed, or the proposals entirely printed off, near six hundred persons eagerly set down their names, and paid their subscriptions to a set of books and prints that will cost each person, I think, about ninety guineas; and on looking over the list, there were not above twenty names among them that anybody knew".
Illustrated Shakespeare edition and folio.
The "magnificent and accurate" Shakespeare edition which Boydell began in 1786 was to be the focus of his enterprise—he viewed the print folio and the gallery as offshoots of the main project. In an advertisement prefacing the first volume of the edition, Nicol wrote that "splendor and magnificence, united with correctness of text were the great objects of this Edition". The volumes themselves were handsome, with gilded pages that, unlike those in previous scholarly editions, were unencumbered by footnotes. Each play had its own title page followed by a list of "Persons in the Drama". Boydell spared no expense. He hired the typography experts William Bulmer and William Martin to develop and cut a new typeface specifically for the edition. Nicol explains in the preface that they "established a printing-house ... a foundry to cast the types; and even a manufactory to make the ink". Boydell also chose to use high-quality wove Whatman paper. The illustrations were printed independently and could be inserted and removed as the purchaser desired. The first volumes of the "Dramatic Works" were published in 1791 and the last in 1805.
Boydell was responsible for the "splendor", and George Steevens, the general editor, was responsible for the "correctness of text". Steevens, according to Evelyn Wenner, who has studied the history of the Boydell edition, was "at first an ardent advocate of the plan" but "soon realized that the editor of this text must in the very scheme of things give way to painters, publishers and engravers". He was also ultimately disappointed in the quality of the prints, but he said nothing to jeopardize the edition's sales. Steevens, who had already edited two complete Shakespeare editions, was not asked to edit the text anew; instead, he picked which version of the text to reprint. Wenner describes the resulting hybrid edition:
Throughout the edition, modern (i.e. 18th-century) spelling was preferred as were First Folio readings.
Boydell sought out the most eminent painters and engravers of the day to contribute paintings for the gallery, engravings for the folio, and illustrations for the edition. Artists included Richard Westall, Thomas Stothard, George Romney, Henry Fuseli, Benjamin West, Angelica Kauffman, Robert Smirke, John Opie, Francesco Bartolozzi, Thomas Kirk, Henry Thomson, and Boydell's nephew and business partner, Josiah Boydell.
The folio and the illustrated Shakespeare edition were "by far the largest single engraving enterprise ever undertaken in England". As print collector and dealer Christopher Lennox-Boyd explains, "had there not been a market for such engravings, not one of the paintings would have been commissioned, and few, if any, of the artists would have risked painting such elaborate compositions". Scholars believe that a variety of engraving methods were employed and that line engraving was the "preferred medium" because it was "clear and hardwearing" and because it had a high reputation. Stipple engraving, which was quicker and often used to produce shading effects, wore out quicker and was valued less. Many plates were a mixture of both. Several scholars have suggested that mezzotint and aquatint were also used. Lennox-Boyd, however, claims that "close examination of the plates confirms" that these two methods were not used and argues that they were "totally unsuitable": mezzotint wore quickly and aquatint was too new (there would not have been enough artists capable of executing it). Most of Boydell's engravers were also trained artists; for example, Bartolozzi was renowned for his stippling technique.
Boydell's relationships with his illustrators were generally congenial. One of them, James Northcote, praised Boydell's liberal payments. He wrote in an 1821 letter that Boydell "did more for the advancement of the arts in England than the whole mass of the nobility put together! He paid me more nobly than any other person has done; and his memory I shall ever hold in reverence". Boydell typically paid the painters between £105 to £210, and the engravers between £262 and £315. Joshua Reynolds at first declined Boydell's offer to work on the project, but he agreed when pressed. Boydell offered Reynolds "carte blanche" for his paintings, giving him a down payment of £500, an extraordinary amount for an artist who had not even agreed to do a specific work. Boydell eventually paid him a total of £1,500.
There are 96 illustrations in the nine volumes of the illustrated edition and each play has at least one. Approximately two-thirds of the plays, 23 out of 36, are each illustrated by a single artist. Approximately two-thirds of the total number of illustrations, or 65, were completed by three artists: William Hamilton, Richard Westall, and Robert Smirke. The primary illustrators of the edition were known as book illustrators, whereas a majority of the artists included in the folio were known for their paintings. Lennox-Boyd argues that the illustrations in the edition have a "uniformity and cohesiveness" that the folio lacks because the artists and engravers working on them understood book illustration while those working on the folio were working in an unfamiliar medium.
The print folio, "A Collection of Prints, From Pictures Painted for the Purpose of Illustrating the Dramatic Works of Shakspeare, by the Artists of Great-Britain" (1805), was originally intended to be a collection of the illustrations from the edition, but a few years into the project, Boydell altered his plan. He guessed that he could sell more folios and editions if the pictures were different. Of the 97 prints made from paintings, two-thirds of them were made by ten of the artists. Three artists account for one-third of the paintings. In all, 31 artists contributed works.
Gallery building.
In June 1788, Boydell and his nephew secured the lease on a site at 52 Pall Mall () to build the gallery and engaged George Dance, then the Clerk of the City Works, as the architect for the project. Pall Mall at that time had a mix of expensive residences and commercial operations, such as bookshops and gentleman's clubs, popular with fashionable London society. The area also contained some less genteel establishments: King's Place (now Pall Mall Place), an alley running to the east and behind Boydell's gallery, was the site of Charlotte Hayes's high-class brothel. Across King's Place, immediately to the east of Boydell's building, 51 Pall Mall had been purchased on 26 February 1787 by George Nicol, bookseller and future husband of Josiah's elder sister, Mary Boydell. As an indication of the changing character of the area, this property had been the home of Goostree's gentleman's club from 1773 to 1787. Begun as a gambling establishment for wealthy young men, it had later become a reformist political club that counted William Pitt and William Wilberforce as members.
Dance's Shakespeare Gallery building had a monumental, neoclassical stone front, and a full-length exhibition hall on the ground floor. Three interconnecting exhibition rooms occupied the upper floor, with a total of more than of wall space for displaying pictures. The two-storey façade was not especially large for the street, but its solid classicism had an imposing effect. Some reports describe the exterior as "sheathed in copper".
The lower storey of the façade was dominated by a large, rounded-arched doorway in the centre. The unmoulded arch rested on wide piers, each broken by a narrow window, above which ran a simple cornice. Dance placed a transom across the doorway at the level of the cornice bearing the inscription "Shakespeare Gallery". Below the transom were the main entry doors, with glazed panels and side lights matching the flanking windows. A radial fanlight filled the lunette above the transom. In each of the spandrels to the left and right of the arch, Dance set a carving of a lyre inside a ribboned wreath. Above all this ran a panelled band course dividing the lower storey from the upper.
The upper façade contained paired pilasters on either side, and a thick entablature and triangular pediment. The architect Sir John Soane criticised Dance's combination of slender pilasters and a heavy entablature as a "strange and extravagant absurdity". The capitals topping the pilasters sported volutes in the shape of ammonite fossils. Dance invented this neo-classical feature, which became known as the Ammonite Order, specifically for the gallery. In a recess between the pilasters, Dance placed Thomas Banks's sculpture "Shakespeare attended by Painting and Poetry", for which the artist was paid 500 guineas. The sculpture depicted Shakespeare, reclining against a rock, between the Dramatic Muse and the Genius of Painting. Beneath it was a panelled pedestal inscribed with a quotation from "Hamlet": "He was a Man, take him for all in all, I shall not look upon his like again".
Reaction.
The Shakespeare Gallery, when it opened on 4 May 1789, contained 34 paintings, and by the end of its run it had between 167 and 170. (The exact inventory is uncertain and most of the paintings have disappeared; only around 40 paintings can be identified with any certainty.) According to Frederick Burwick, during its sixteen-year operation, the Gallery reflected the transition from Neoclassicism to Romanticism. Works by artists such as James Northcote represent the conservative, neoclassical elements of the gallery, while those of Henry Fuseli represent the newly emerging Romantic movement. William Hazlitt praised Northcote in an essay entitled "On the Old Age of Artists", writing "I conceive any person would be more struck with Mr. Fuseli at first sight, but would wish to visit Mr. Northcote oftener."
The gallery itself was a fashionable hit with the public. Newspapers carried updates of the construction of the gallery, down to drawings for the proposed façade. The "Daily Advertiser" featured a weekly column on the gallery from May through August (exhibition season). Artists who had influence with the press, and Boydell himself, published anonymous articles to heighten interest in the gallery, which they hoped would increase sales of the edition.
At the beginning of the enterprise, reactions were generally positive. The "Public Advertiser" wrote on 6 May 1789: "the pictures in general give a mirror of the poet ... Shakespeare Gallery bids fair to form such an epoch in the History of the Fine Arts, as will establish and confirm the superiority of the English School". "The Times" wrote a day later:
Fuseli himself may have written the review in the "Analytical Review", which praised the general plan of the gallery while at the same time hesitating: "such a variety of subjects, it may be supposed, must exhibit a variety of powers; all cannot be the first; while some must soar, others must skim the meadow, and others content themselves to walk with dignity". However, according to Frederick Burwick, critics in Germany "responded to the Shakespeare Gallery with far more thorough and meticulous attention than did the critics in England".
Criticism increased as the project dragged on: the first volume did not appear until 1791. James Gillray published a cartoon labelled "Boydell sacrificing the Works of Shakespeare to the Devil of Money-Bags". The essayist and soon-to-be co-author of the children's book "Tales from Shakespeare" (1807) Charles Lamb criticised the venture from the outset:
Northcote, while appreciating Boydell's largesse, also criticised the results of the project: "With the exception of a few pictures by Joshua and [John Opie, and—I hope I may add—myself, it was such a collection of slip-slop imbecility as was dreadful to look at, and turned out, as I had expected it would, in the ruin of poor Boydell's affairs".
Collapse.
By 1796, subscriptions to the edition had dropped by two-thirds. The painter and diarist Joseph Farington recorded that this was a result of the poor engravings:
West said He looked over the Shakespeare prints and was sorry to see them of such inferior quality. He said that excepting that from His Lear by Sharpe, that from Northcote's children in the Tower, and some small ones, there were few that could be approved. Such a mixture of dotting and engraving, and such a general deficiency in respect of drawing which He observed the Engravers seemed to know little of, that the volumes presented a mass of works which He did not wonder many subscribers had declined to continue their subscription.
The mix of engraving styles was criticised; line engraving was considered the superior form and artists and subscribers disliked the mixture of lesser forms with it. Moreover, Boydell's engravers fell behind schedule, delaying the entire project. He was forced to engage lesser artists, such as Hamilton and Smirke, at a lower price to finish the volumes as his business started to fail. Modern art historians have generally concurred that the quality of the engravings, particularly in the folio, was poor. Moreover, the use of so many different artists and engravers led to a lack of stylistic cohesion.
Although the Boydells ended with 1,384 subscriptions, the rate of subscriptions dropped, and remaining subscriptions were also increasingly in doubt. Like many businesses at the time, the Boydell firm kept few records. Only the customers knew what they had purchased. This caused numerous difficulties with debtors who claimed they had never subscribed or had subscribed for less. Many subscribers also defaulted, and Josiah Boydell spent years after John's death attempting to force them to pay.
The Boydells focused all their attention on the Shakespeare edition and other large projects, such as "The History of the River Thames" and "The Complete Works of John Milton", rather than on lesser, more profitable ventures. When both the Shakespeare enterprise and the Thames book failed, the firm had no capital to fall back upon. Beginning in 1789, with the onset of the French revolution, John Boydell's export business to Europe was cut off. By the late 1790s and early 19th century, the two-thirds of his business that depended upon the export trade was in serious financial difficulty.
In 1804, John Boydell decided to appeal to Parliament for a private bill to authorise a lottery to dispose of everything in his business. The bill received royal assent on 23 March, and by November the Boydells were ready to sell tickets. John Boydell died before the lottery was drawn on 28 January 1805, but lived long enough to see each of the 22,000 tickets purchased at three guineas apiece (£ each in modern terms). To encourage ticket sales and reduce unsold inventory, every purchaser was guaranteed to receive a print worth one guinea from the Boydell company's stock. There were 64 winning tickets for major prizes, the highest being the Gallery itself and its collection of paintings. This went to William Tassie, a gem engraver and cameo modeller, of Leicester Fields (now Leicester Square). Josiah offered to buy the gallery and its paintings back from Tassie for £10,000 (worth about £ now), but Tassie refused and auctioned the paintings at Christie's. The painting collection and two reliefs by Anne Damer fetched a total of £6,181 18s. 6d. The Banks sculpture group from the façade was initially intended to be kept as a monument for Boydell's tomb. Instead, it remained part of the façade of the building in its new guise as the British Institution until the building was torn down in 1868–69. The Banks sculpture was then moved to Stratford-upon-Avon and re-erected in New Place Garden between June and November 1870. The lottery saved Josiah from bankruptcy and earned him £45,000, enabling him to begin business again as a printer.
Legacy.
From the outset, Boydell's project inspired imitators. In April 1788, after the announcement of the Shakespeare Gallery, but a year before its opening, Thomas Macklin opened a Gallery of the Poets in the former Royal Academy building on the south side of Pall Mall. The first exhibition featured one work from each of 19 artists, including Fuseli, Reynolds, and Thomas Gainsborough. The gallery added new paintings of subjects from poetry each year, and from 1790 supplemented these with scenes from the Bible. The Gallery of the Poets closed in 1797, and its contents were offered by lottery. This did not deter Henry Fuseli from opening a Milton Gallery in the same building in 1799. Another such venture was the Historic Gallery opened by Robert Bowyer in Schomberg House at 87 Pall Mall in about 1793. The gallery accumulated 60 paintings (many by the same artists who worked for Boydell) commissioned to illustrate a new edition of David Hume's "The History of Great Britain". Ultimately, Bowyer had to seek parliamentary approval for a sale by lottery in 1805, and the other ventures, like Boydell's, also ended in financial failure. 
The building in Pall Mall was purchased in 1805 by the British Institution, a private club of connoisseurs founded that year to hold exhibitions. It remained an important part of the London art scene until disbanded in 1867, typically holding a Spring exhibition of new works for sale from the start of February to the first week of May, and a loan exhibition of old masters, generally not for sale, from the first week of June to the end of August.
The paintings and engravings that were part of the Boydell Gallery affected the way Shakespeare's plays were staged, acted, and illustrated in the 19th century. They also became the subject of criticism in important works such as Romantic poet and essayist Samuel Taylor Coleridge's "Lectures on Shakespeare" and William Hazlitt's dramatic criticism. Despite Charles Lamb's criticism of the Gallery's productions, Charles and Mary Lamb's children's book, "Tales from Shakespeare" (1807), was illustrated using plates from the project.
The Boydell enterprise's most enduring legacy was the folio. It was reissued throughout the 19th century, and in 1867, "by the aid of photography the whole series, excepting the portraits of their Majesties George III. and Queen Charlotte, is now presented in a handy form, suitable for ordinary libraries or the drawing-room table, and offered as an appropriate memorial of the tercentenary celebration of the poet's birth". Scholars have described Boydell's folio as a precursor to the modern coffee table book.
List of art works.
The "Folio" and "Illustrated Edition" lists were taken from Friedman's "Boydell's Shakespeare Gallery".
Folio.
Volume I
Volume II
Illustrated edition.
Volume I
"The Tempest"
"Two Gentlemen of Verona"
"Merry Wives of Windsor"
"Measure for Measure"
Volume II
"The Comedy of Errors"
"Much Ado About Nothing"
"Love's Labour's Lost"
"A Midsummer Night's Dream"
Volume III
"Merchant of Venice"
"As You Like It"
"The Taming of the Shrew"
"All's Well That Ends Well"
Volume IV
"Twelfth-Night"
"The Winter's Tale"
"Macbeth"
"King John"
Volume V
"King Richard II"
"First Part of King Henry IV"
"Second Part of King Henry IV"
"King Henry V"
Volume VI
"First Part of King Henry VI"
"Second Part of King Henry VI"
"Third Part of King Henry VI"
"Richard III"
Volume VII
"King Henry VIII"
"Coriolanus"
"Julius Cæsar"
"Antony and Cleopatra"
Volume VIII
"Timon of Athens"
"Titus Andronicus"
"Troilus and Cressida"
"Cymbeline"
Volume IX
"King Lear"
"Romeo and Juliet"
"Hamlet"
"Othello"

</doc>
<doc id="20907275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907275" title="Boris Isachenko">
Boris Isachenko

Boris Isachenko (born 26 December 1958) is an archer from the Soviet Union.
He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Soviet Union in the individual event where he finished in second place behind Tomi Poikolainen of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20907280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907280" title="Hum Sab Chor Hain">
Hum Sab Chor Hain

Hum Sab Chor Hain is the title of several Hindi films:

</doc>
<doc id="20907284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907284" title="Harry Morgan Moses">
Harry Morgan Moses

Harry Morgan Moses is a former actor [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0487092/], author and leader in the New Thought spiritual movement.
He was also a producer on the television news program 60 Minutes.[http://tv.yahoo.com/show/28491/castcrew]
He is featured in the documentary film Living Luminaries.
Harry Morgan Moses is also featured in the documentary film about the Dalai Lama, entitled Dalai Lama Renaissance.[http://www.dalailamafilm.com]

</doc>
<doc id="20907300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907300" title="Education Index">
Education Index

The United Nations publishes a Human Development Index every year, which consists of the Life Expectancy Index, Education index, and Income index. The Education Index is calculated from the "Mean years of schooling index" and the "Expected years of schooling index". 
Education is a major component of well-being and is used in the measure of economic development and quality of life, which is a key factor determining whether a country is a developed, developing, or underdeveloped nation.
Ranking.
Change in value from the last report is given as follows:
The latest index was released in the Human Development Report in October 2009. This statistical update covers the period up to 2007: 1 is the highest possible theoretical score, indicating perfect education attainment. 
All countries considered to be developed countries possess a minimum score of 0.8 or above, although the great majority have a score of 0.9 or above. For ranking based on the Human Development Index, see List of countries by Human Development Index.

</doc>
<doc id="20907302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907302" title="N. Singh (cricketer)">
N. Singh (cricketer)

N. Singh was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Singh made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Bengal in the 1960-61 season. From the lower order, he scored 2 runs in the first innings of the match, and a duck in the second, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20907303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907303" title="A. K. Ganguli">
A. K. Ganguli

AK Ganguli was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Ganguli made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Orissa in the 1963-64 season. From the middle order, he scored 3 runs in the first innings of the match, and 7 runs in the second, as the match finished in a draw.

</doc>
<doc id="20907304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907304" title="P. Rashid">
P. Rashid

P. Rashid was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Rashid made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Orissa in the 1951-52 season. From the opening order, he scored 7 runs in the first innings of the match, and 6 runs in the second, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20907323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907323" title="Thad Heartfield">
Thad Heartfield

Thad Heartfield (born 1940 in Port Arthur, Texas) is a district judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in Beaumont, Texas. He was nominated by President Bill Clinton on January 11, 1995, confirmed by the U.S. Senate on March 17, 1995 and received his commission on March 17, 1995. He served as chief judge from 2003 through 2008.
He graduated from St. Mary's University, Texas with a B.A. in 1962 and received a J.D. from the St. Mary's University School of Law in 1965.
In 2009, Judge Heartfield presided over Doe v. Silsbee Independent School District. The plaintiff ("H.S.") was a cheerleader who was ordered by her high school to cheer for a football and basketball player named Rakheem Bolton, who she had accused of raping her and who had pleaded guilty to assaulting her. H.S. refused and was kicked off the team. She sued, claiming a violation of her First Amendment right to free speech. Judge Heartfield granted the school district's motion to dismiss. Judge Heartfield's decision was affirmed by Judges Edith Brown Clement, Emilio M. Garza, and Priscilla Owen of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. H.S. was ordered to pay the school $45,000 in legal fees for filing a "frivolous" lawsuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20907328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907328" title="Nacogdoches (album)">
Nacogdoches (album)

Nacogdoches is a 2004 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
The Players.
Paul Buskirk - Mandolin
Paul Schmitt - Piano
Gary Welson - Harmonica, Flugel Horn
Mike Lefebure - Drums
Mike Nase - Bass
The Session.
Produced by Willie Nelson and Paul Buskirk
Engineer - Jim Taylor
Assistant Engineer - Dana Woods, Mike Ward, Spence Peppard
Protools Engineer - Wayne Chance
Mastered by Jerry Tubb
Recorded at Encore Studio, Nacogdoches, Texas

</doc>
<doc id="20907331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907331" title="Transhimalaya">
Transhimalaya

The Transhimalaya or "Gangdise - Nyenchen Tanglha range", is a 1600 km long mountain range extending in a west-east direction parallel to the main Himalayan range. Located north of Yarlung Tsangpo river on the southern edge of the Tibetan Plateau, the Transhimalaya is composed by the Gangdise range to the west and the Nyenchen Tanglha range to the east. The area was discovered by Swedish explorer Sven Hedin and is also named the "Hedin Range" in his honour.
See also.
Transhimalaya at German Wikipedia (German)

</doc>
<doc id="20907340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907340" title="Justin Hines">
Justin Hines

Justin Hines is a Canadian singer-songwriter who was born in Newmarket, Ontario. 
Hines has a rare genetic joint condition called Larsen's syndrome and uses a wheelchair. He is a strong supporter of charity and has performed at many fund raising events. He founded the Justin Hines Foundation, a charitable foundation for people with disabilities.
Life and career.
Musical beginnings.
From a very early age, Hines was enthralled with music. He would spend hour upon hour listening to his father's jukebox, and sang often. His first glimmer of success came when he was at the young age of 14. After winning a radio contest against hundreds of participants, Hines got the privilege to sing at a Toronto Raptors game.
Hines' musical career continued to grow as a teenager while performing on YTV and the Treehouse channel. His work there included the video 'Tomato Hat'. That video was included on the 1997 children's program Ants In Your Pants.
He collaborated with producer Justin Abedin on his first album entitled "Sides". In reference to the album, Justin says “I made a conscious effort to abandon any trends, I just wanted to do something that was very honest. I wanted to just be Justin, whatever that was.”
His second album "Chasing Silver" was released on June 2, 2009. It includes the hit single "Say What You Will". It became the #1 downloaded singer/songwriter track within 48 hours of releasing it online. The video was also an instant success, as it became one of the favourite and most emailed videos on Sympatico/MSN.
In 2009, Hines sang "There's No Place Like This" on a television commercial for Tourism Ontario.
On March 4, 2010, Justin was part of the first-ever Canadian Paralympic Torch Relay. "As Canada gets ready to host the world’s best Paralympic winter athletes starting on March 12, the inspirational 10-day journey of the Vancouver 2010 Paralympic Torch Relay is officially underway with the first group of Paralympic Torchbearers – one from each province and territory – gathering in the nation’s capital to create stories that will inspire the nation. More than 600 torchbearers will proudly carry the flame as the Vancouver 2010 Paralympic Torch Relay, presented by Coca-Cola and RBC and supported by the Government of Canada and the Province of BC, visits 11 communities over the next 10 days, culminating in the lighting of the Paralympic Cauldron at BC Place in downtown Vancouver on March 12, 2010." 
Justin is managed by JAD Media in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. In 2014, he was made a Member of the Order of Ontario in recognition for being 
a gifted singer and songwriter who has performed across the globe using his success to raise millions of dollars through the Justin Hines Foundation for dozens of charities throughout the world.
Tour.
Hines has entertained audiences from China to the Middle East and toured throughout Canada and the United States. He played at the 2008/2009 Clifton Hill New Years Party in Niagara Falls, Canada alongside Kim Mitchell and Supertramp lead singer Roger Hodgson.
TV Appearances.
CBS News Sunday Morning - December 18, 2011
References.
http://www.jkwebco.com/wordpress/2010/03/first-ever-canadian-paralympic-torch-relay-signals-the-start-of-vancouverwhistler-games-news-releases-vancouver-2010-winter-olympics/

</doc>
<doc id="20907357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907357" title="Emperor Magus Caligula">
Emperor Magus Caligula

Emperor Magus Caligula (Magnus "Masse" Broberg, born 23 May 1973 in Ludvika, Sweden) is an extreme metal musician best known as the former vocalist, bassist and lyricist of Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral, performing for the band between 1995 and 2010. He has also been the vocalist of death metal bands Demonoid, replacing Christofer Johnsson, and Sanctification. He was the original vocalist for Hypocrisy and has featured in other extreme metal bands including Dominion-Caligula (with former Dark Funeral secondary guitarist Dominion) and God Among Insects. He has also performed backing vocals for the Swedish black metal band Sportlov.
In July 2011, Witchery announced Caligula was joining the band, replacing Legion.
Beliefs.
Caligula is a practitioner of LaVeyan Satanism, and while he has on one hand distanced himself from National Socialist black metal, as well as the Nazi ideology and the "attitude at that time," he has also said that aspects of Nazi ideology were "not that wrong" and that the Nazi concentration camps were bad, but not "that horribly bad." Like many other black metal musicians, he has generally assumed an apolitical stance, although he expressed disdain for former Islamic terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, with his audience when playing live. He has also denounced Roman Catholic priests due to widespread child molestation allegations.
Gazziero murder controversy.
Caligula was quoted as being "somewhat impressed" by the premeditated murder of Fr. Faustino Gazziero, a Catholic priest, by Dark Funeral fan Rodrigo Orias at the Metropolitan Cathedral in Santiago, Chile, further stating that "He deserves some credit. You’re not supposed to say that, but I don't care." Although he suggested the possibility that "the music triggered him somehow," he denied Dark Funeral's music being the direct cause of Orias' murder of Gazziero.
Caligula also recalled having met Orias at a Dark Funeral concert in 2003, where he burnt a cross on Orias' arm at his request with a Cuban cigar.
Film.
Caligula made an appearance in the Swedish zombie film Die Zombiejäger, playing a humorous part of a necrophile. Dark Funeral also provided two songs for the film, "Godhate", which is played during the film's opening credits and "Thus I Have Spoken", which is played during a fight scene.
Discography.
Sanctification.
Studio releases
Black Reign

</doc>
<doc id="20907385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907385" title="United States Ambassador to Indonesia">
United States Ambassador to Indonesia

This is a list of Ambassadors of the United States to Indonesia.
Indonesia had been a Dutch colony since 1800 as a part of the Dutch East Indies. The Dutch were expelled in March 1942 by the Japanese occupation of Indonesia. After the surrender of Japan in 1945, Sukarno declared independence on August 17, 1945. However, the Netherlands attempted to reestablish their colony during a prolonged war that lasted for four and a half years. Ultimately the struggle was unsuccessful for the Netherlands, and in December 1949, the Netherlands formally recognized Indonesian sovereignty.
The United States immediately recognized the independence of Indonesia and moved to establish diplomatic relations. A U.S. embassy was established in Jakarta on December 27, 1949 under the informal direction of a consul general. President Truman appointed H. Merle Cochran as ambassador the following day.
The United States Embassy in Indonesia is located in Jakarta, with consulates in Surabaya and Bali, and an American Presence Post in Medan

</doc>
<doc id="20907390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907390" title="Arboretum de la Jonchère">
Arboretum de la Jonchère

The Arboretum de la Jonchère (6 hectares) is an arboretum located in Le Bourg, near La Jonchère-Saint-Maurice, Haute-Vienne, Limousin, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was first established in 1885 as a forestry nursery by Henri Gérardin and André Laurent, primarily of oak, larch, and fir, with plantings resumed in 1937, and further arboretum plantings from 1940-1945. At present the arboretum is state-owned and managed by the "Office National des Forêts". It began active expansion in 1996 with new collections added in response to the severe storm of 1999, and now contains over 60 labeled tree species including hundred-year-old specimens of calocedrus, sequoia, and taxodium.

</doc>
<doc id="20907400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907400" title="Trumpeter (rank)">
Trumpeter (rank)

A Trumpeter (abbreviation: Tptr) is a regiment specific, descriptive name given to Privates in the British Army. It is used for trumpeters in the Household Cavalry and was formerly used in all other cavalry regiments. 

</doc>
<doc id="20907408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907408" title="Aldo Forte">
Aldo Forte

Aldo John Forte (January 20, 1918 – August 29, 2007) was a guard and an offensive tackle in the National Football League who played for the Chicago Bears, Detroit Lions, and the Green Bay Packers. Forte played collegiate ball at the University of Montana before being drafted into the NFL by the Chicago Bears in the 21st round of the 1939 NFL Draft. He played professionally for 5 seasons before retiring in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20907409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907409" title="Vladimir Yesheyev">
Vladimir Yesheyev

Vladimir Nikolayevich Yesheyev (born 7 May 1958) is an archer from the Soviet Union.
He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Soviet Union in the individual event where he finished in sixth place. He missed the following Olympics due to the boycott but returned to compete in the 1988 Summer Olympics where he finished in third in the individual competition and fifth in the team event. Four years later competing for the Unified team finishing eleventh in the individual event and eighth in the team event.
As the President of Russian Archery Federation, Yesheyev helped pick up Russian archery team for 2008 Summer Olympics that raised Russia's world ranking during the team event and brought back to Russia Bair Badënov's bronze (the next national Olympic bronze in archery after Yesheyev's).

</doc>
<doc id="20907412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907412" title="The Lie">
The Lie

The Lie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20907419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907419" title="Lowell Bayles">
Lowell Bayles

Lowell R. Bayles (January 24, 1900 - December 5, 1931) was an air race pilot from the "Golden Age of Air Racing." He was the winner of the 1931 Thompson Trophy flying the Gee Bee Model Z. Bayles was killed in the crash of the Model Z during an attempt at the landplane speed record when the plane crashed at over mph.
Early life.
Bayles was born in Mason, Illinois on January 24, 1900, the oldest child of Hattie and Robert E. Bayles. He graduated from Newton, Illinois High School and attended the University of Illinois in mining engineering, but was forced to leave due to eye trouble. He was working as an electrician in various mines around Illinois when he began taking flying lessons.
Flying.
Bayles began taking flying lessons from a former World War I instructor pilot. He eventually bought a surplus Curtiss JN-4 Jenny The Jenny was lost when he stopped over in Herrin, Illinois during a gang war between Charlie Birger and the Shelton Brothers Gang. Birger had been bombed from the air and he mistook Bayles' plane for the bomber and had the plane dynamited.
After a stint back in the mines, Bayles began barnstorming around the country. In 1928 he partnered with H. Roscoe Brinton starting a flying service in Springfield, Massachusetts. 
Due to the Great Depression, orders for aircraft had stopped and the Granville Brothers Aircraft Company saw the air racing circuit as a way to stay in business. To raise seed money for the air racing operation, the "Springfield Air Racing Association" (SARA) was formed. A group of local Springfield merchants and businessmen who sought to promote Springfield bought shares to fund creation of the racing planes. Bayles added $500 of his own money to be the pilot in the venture.
Bayles flew the Gee Bee Model X in the Cirrus Derby in 1930, coming in second and sharing the $7000 purse with the Granvilles.
In 1931, Bayles piloted a Gee Bee Model E Sportster in the Ford National Reliability Air Tour, coming in fourth in the point standing and winning the Great Lakes Trophy for a total of $2000 in prize money.
At the 1931 National Air Races, Bayles and the Gee Bee Model Z, christened the "City of Springfield," cleaned up, first winning the $7500 Thompson Trophy prize with an average speed of , then the Shell Speed dash with an average of , breaking the speed record for the course, then won the Goodyear Trophy race with an average of .
Speed record and death.
Bayles had failed to break the official 3 km World Landplane Speed Record at the 1931 National Air Races. Following the Thompson Trophy race, the Gee Bee Z was re-engined with a larger, Wasp Senior radial, in preparation for an attempt at establishing another world speed record at Wayne County Airport in Detroit, Michigan.
On December 1, 1931 Lowell Bayles attempted the speed record again and made four passes at an average of , but did not surpass the old record by the required . 
On December 5, Bayles tried again, diving into the course from and leveling off at as rules allowed. Travelling over , from the ground, the Model Z suddenly pitched up, the right wing folded beyond the flying wire attachment point, most likely due to aileron flutter stressing the wing spar and causing it to fail. The plane crashed alongside of a railroad track in a huge ball of flame and smoke. Lowell Bayles body was thrown from the disintegrated plane.
Analysis of the crash, based on motion picture film of the event examined frame-by-frame, showed that the aircraft's fuel cap had come loose and crashed through the Gee Bee Z's windscreen. It struck the pilot and incapacitated him, causing a sudden upset in pitch that led to the structural failure of the wing. In addition, tests of a reproduction aircraft have shown that the Gee Bee Z was susceptible to aerodynamic flutter at high speed.
His fiancée, Gertrude St. Marie of Springfield, traveled to his hometown of Mason, Illinois for his funeral, along with Mrs. Zantford Granville.

</doc>
<doc id="20907423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907423" title="67th Fighter Wing">
67th Fighter Wing

The 67th Fighter Wing was a unit of the United States Air Force for four years, between 1946 and 1950. It was located at Logan Airport, in Boston, Massachusetts. It is unrelated to the modern 67th Network Warfare Wing.
History.
World War II.
Organized as a command and control organization for Eighth Air Force. Deployed to England in July 1943 and initially was used to organize air defense units. Transferred to VIII Fighter Command and controlled fighter-escort groups for 1st Bombardment Division B-17 Flying Fortress units engaged in strategic bombardment of enemy targets in Occupied Europe and Nazi Germany. Inactivated in November 1945.
Post war.
After the war, the 67th Fighter Wing was activated at Logan Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. The National Guard Bureau began a major expansion of its air units. Massachusetts was allotted the 67th, which consisted of the 101st Fighter Squadron, the 131st Fighter Squadron, the 132nd Fighter Squadron, the 202nd Air Service Group, 601st Signal Construction Company, 101st Communications Squadron, 101st Air Control Squadron, 151st Air Control and Warning Group, 567th Air Force Band, 101st Weather Flight and the 1801st Aviation Engineer Company. The 67th Fighter Wing was assigned to Air Defense Command. The wing was Extended federal recognition and activated on 15 October 1946. 
At the end of October 1950, the Air National Guard converted to the wing-base Hobson Plan organization. As a result, the wing was withdrawn from the Massachusetts ANG and was inactivated on 31 October 1950. The 102d Fighter Wing was established by the National Guard Bureau, allocated to the commonwealth of Massachusetts, recognized and activated 1 November 1950; assuming the personnel, equipment and mission of the inactivated 67th Fighter Wing.

</doc>
<doc id="20907439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907439" title="Minuscule 51">
Minuscule 51

Minuscule 51 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 364 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. Formerly it was labelled by 51e for the Gospels, 32a for the Acts, and 38p for the Pauline epistles. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the New Testament except Book of Revelation on 325 parchment leaves (size ) with a commentary. The text is written in two columns per page, 28 lines per page. The text is surrounded by a catena.
The order of books is unusual: Acts, Pauline epistles, Catholic epistles and Gospels (as in codex 234). It contains three lacunae (2 Peter 3:2-17; Matthew 18:12-35; Mark 2:8-3:4).
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text of the Gospels has also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, but the Eusebian Canons are absent. In the Acts and Epistles it has the Euthalian Apparatus. 
It contains Prolegomena at the beginning, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each sacred book, synaxaria, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of each book, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), Synaxarion, and Menologion.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. According to Scrivener it has many unusual readings. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category. According to the Claremont Profile Method it has Kx text in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
History.
In 1636 William Laud presented the manuscript to the Bodleian Library. 
Mill pointed resemblance to the Complutensian text. It was examined by Mill (as Laud. 2), Bentley, and Griesbach. Bentley used it as codex γ. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
Formerly it was labelled by 51e for the Gospels, 32a for the Acts, and 38p for the Pauline epistles. Gregory in 1908 gave for it number 51.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Laud. Gr. 31), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20907440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907440" title="Doubling (psychodrama)">
Doubling (psychodrama)

In psychodrama, doubling is a technique where a participant, perhaps asked by the psychodrama director, supplements the role (self, role reversal) of the protagonist, usually by standing behind them and saying things that the protagonist might want to say or is withholding. In this way one is able to hear things that may (or not) reflect what they feel or think. Thereby, the doubling can help provoke abreactive and mental catharsis, insight, and transformation.

</doc>
<doc id="20907461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907461" title="SABAM">
SABAM

SABAM is one of the Belgian associations of authors, composers and publishers. The acronym stands for "Société d’Auteurs Belge – Belgische Auteurs Maatschappij". Their headquarters is located at 75-77 rue d'Arlon in Brussels.
SABAM was founded in 1922 at the instigation of the composer under the name NAVEA. In 1945 it changed to its current name. The SABAM a Civil Co-operative Society (CVBA) with Belgian authors, composers and publishers as members. They represent the interests of its members in the field of intellectual property rights and collect all the royalties due to its members in Belgium, and sister organizations in other countries (such as Buma/Stemra in the Netherlands), and then distributes these rights to the copyright holders.
Unlike Buma/Stemra, which is limited to music copyright, SABAM is active in all disciplines where copyrights are involved. The members of SABAM are not only composers, poets and musicians text, but also writers, poets, artists, publishers, visual artists, architects, designers, choreographers, photographers, film and television directors, etc.
SABAM also monitors the Internet to check the illegal supply of art.
In 2004 SABAM filed a complaint against ISP Tiscali because of the illegal distribution of music over the Internet.
A restaurant owner from Brussels was fined because he had a picture of the Atomium on his website.
In October 2007, the SABAM was investigated by a Brussels court on suspicion of falsifying financial statements, the abuse of the confidence of its members and the laundering of misappropriated funds. The investigation, which was started by a complaint by the Walloon composer Philippe Delhaye, is ongoing.
In August 2009 Google removed several music videos for Belgian artists from its video web site YouTube because of complaints made by SABAM.
In March 2012, SABAM threatened several libraries in Belgium, attempting to demand an annual fee from them for allowing volunteers to read books to small groups of children.

</doc>
<doc id="20907468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907468" title="2008–09 Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball team">
2008–09 Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball team represented the University of Arkansas in the 2008–09 college basketball season. The head coach was John Pelphrey, serving for his second year. The team played its home games in Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
2008–09 Roster.
Entering the year, the Razorbacks pulled in the 24th best recruiting class of 2008, including ESPNU 100 recruit Rotnei Clarke. Clarke was ranked the sixth-best incoming point guard in the nation by ESPN.
Former Razorbacks football star receiver Marcus Monk returned with a sixth year of eligibility to play basketball for the Hogs. Intending to play both, Monk played 10 games for Stan Heath his freshman year before focusing only on football. Although picked in the 2008 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears, Monk never signed and remained an amateur athlete.
Monk returned to the University shortly after the departure of Montrell McDonald. McDonald left the team on his own accord after the South Alabama game.
2008–09 schedule and results.
Retrieved from arkansasrazorbacks.com
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| 2009 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20907477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907477" title="Figureworks">
Figureworks

Figureworks is a fine-arts gallery focusing on the human form. It is located in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, New York. USA. It has been in existence since 2000. It represents contemporary and 20th Century artists.
Partial list of notable 20th-century artists carried by Figureworks:

</doc>
<doc id="20907478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907478" title="Benchmark Electronics">
Benchmark Electronics

Benchmark Electronics Inc is an EMS, ODM, and OEM company based in Angleton, TX in Greater Houston. It provides contract manufacturing services.
History.
Initially a subsidiary of Intermedics, a medical implant manufacturer, Benchmark was sold to Electronic Investors Corporation in 1986. 
The company made an IPO in 1990. 
In 2007 Benchmark Electronics acquired Pemstar Inc, a contract manufacturer.
Smaller than rivals, including Flextronics and Foxconn, as of 2010 Benchmark may be increasingly seeking to move away from traditional, computing-related EMS products to more-profitable ones like medical devices.
Customers.
Benchmark Electronics's customers have included Sun Microsystems, Medtronic, EMC Corporation, iRobot, and Silicon Graphics.
Products.
While more mundane computing-related products make up the majority of its manufactures as of 2008, the company also makes telecommunications equipment and medical devices.
Production bases and facilities.
Benchmark Electronics has operations in ten countries.
The company has production bases in Almelo, Netherlands; Angleton, TX; Bangkok, Thailand; Brasov, Romania; Campinas, Brazil; Dublin, Ireland; Dunseith, ND; Guadalajara, Mexico; Huntsville, AL; Penang, Malaysia; Nashua, NH; Singapore; and Suzhou, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20907482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907482" title="Juice Products Association">
Juice Products Association

The Juice Products Association (JPA) is an industry trade group representing the juice processing industry in the United States. The Association claims a membership of "over 130 Regular and Associate member organizations, representing juice and fruit processing companies and support industries throughout the United States and overseas."
History.
The Juice Products Association traces its lineage to the founding of the National Association of Citrus Juice Processors in Florida in 1957. It later expanded from only the citrus juice industry to include other projects, including grapes, apples, pears, and tomatoes.
The National Juice Products Association and Processed Apples Institute merged in 2003 to form the Juice Products Association. In early 2005, the International Jelly and Preserve Association and the Concord Grape Association megred into the Juice Products Association, forming the Fruit Spread Section and Concord Grape Section of the JPA umbrella

</doc>
<doc id="20907484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907484" title="Levan Agniashvili">
Levan Agniashvili

Levan Agniashvili () (1897–1937) was a Georgian lawyer and Professor of Law who served as the seventh Rector of Tbilisi State University in the period between April 1933 and July 1935. 
Having opposed the Democratic Republic of Georgia, he was sent into an exile in 1918. During the civil war, Agniashvili was involved in political activities in the Ukraine, North Caucasus, and the districts of Kazan and Minsk. In the period between 1923 and 1925, Agniashvili served as the Representative of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union to Germany. From 1926, he had been delivering lectures at the State University in Tbilisi, until becoming the Rector in 1933. Levan Agniashvili was shot to death by the Communists in 1937, the year of massive repressions. Agniashvili was succeeded by Karlo Oragvelidze who also became the victim of Communist repressions, similarly being shot in 1937, despite being largely pro-Communist and having criticised historian Ivane Javakhishvili. Agniashvili's rectorship is still remembered as an important one, as the University Publishing House was established during his period of leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20907494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907494" title="Santaan (TV series)">
Santaan (TV series)

Santaan — Har Khushi Hai Tumse was a Hindi-language television series that aired on STAR Plus channel. The series was produced by Shakuntalam Telefilms and premiered in October 2007. It aired every Monday–Thursday at 7:30pm IST. The story is set in the backdrop of Kanpur and is based on unique relationships and the common thread that binds the characters. The show concluded March 20, 2009.
Overview.
"Santaan" depicts the lifestyle and generation gap conflicting values and morals between parents and their children. In this case, the story is of an extraordinary couple Parikshit Dixit and his wife Gayatri and their hardships and turmoil to keep their family closely, happily and strongly bonded even in the everyday struggle. With their three kids — Kartik, Shubh, and Suhana — the whole Dixit family work very hard compromising on almost all their needs and luxuries with an aim to set a bright and secure future for the kids. With their only wish to see their children well established and happy for the rest of their life, Parikshit and Gayatri are a satisfied couple, until life shows up its darker shades and begin to trample their dreams of a fulfilled family life. But the question remains that will Parikshit and Gayatri be able to cope up with the lifestyle of ‘Generation next’? Will the difference of opinions lead to a rift between a father-son or mother-daughter relation?

</doc>
<doc id="20907500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907500" title="Berwickshire Railway">
Berwickshire Railway

The Berwickshire Railway is an abandoned railway running between Duns and St Boswells in the Scottish Borders.
History.
The line was authorised in 1862, with a capital of £100,000 in £10 shares and £33,300 in loans.
The line opened between Duns (where it formed a connection to the Reston and Duns branch of the North British Railway) and Earlston in November 1863. The remainder of the line to St Boswells opened in October 1865. The line was subsumed into the NBR in 1876.
Following the major flooding which peaked on 12 and 13 August 1948, passenger services were suspended between Duns and St.Boswells, pending repairs to the trackbed which was washed away between Duns and Greenlaw; as it happened, repairs were never carried out and the only traffic the line carried thereafter was freight between Greenlaw and St Boswells as well as the odd railtour. The section between Reston and Duns continued to carry passenger trains until 10 September 1951.
The last service on the branch (a Greenlaw - Hawick goods working) operated on Friday 16 July 1965, and the line officially closed on Monday 19 July 1965.
The major engineering feat on the line was Leaderfoot Viaduct situated just north of Ravenswood Junction, where the line left the Waverley Line.
The line.
The Berwickshire railway left Duns in a generally south westerly direction, with a ruling descent as far as Greenlaw. Just west of Gordon railway station the line reached its summit at 176 meters above sea level, before descending as far as Earlston railway station. A short climb then took the line to Leaderfoot Viaduct and Ravenswood Junction where the line joined the metals of the Waverley Route. The line ran through rural countryside,
Services.
Never a busy line, the Berwickshire railway handled goods and passenger trains in equal measure. Upon completion of the through route, trains ran from Berwick upon Tweed to St Boswells with some trains extending to Kelso. Connections were provided at St Boswells for Edinburgh Waverley and Hawick. Certain goods trains ran through to Hawick, while there were limited services to and from Duns only. Coal (for Gasworks and households), limited general merchandise, agricultural traffic and livestock.

</doc>
<doc id="20907533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907533" title="Koure, Guinea">
Koure, Guinea

Kouré is a small town on the outskirts of Conakry, and within the administrative remit of the capital city of Guinea, the Capital Region ("Capitale d'Etat-Zone Speciale de Conakry" or "CEZSC").
Two other smaller towns in Guinea share this name: Koure, near the border of Mali north of the Niger River headwaters in the Kankan Region, and Koure in the Lola Prefecture of the Nzérékoré Region of Guinea's far east, along the border with Liberia. This last village, in an area inhabited by the Kapele people, has recently gained attention as the birthplace of the Guinean army officer, Moussa Dadis Camara, who as of December 31, 2008 was the acting president of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20907540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907540" title="Minuscule 52">
Minuscule 52

Minuscule 52 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 345 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. The codex was written in 1285 or 1286. It has complex contents and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 158 leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 27-30 lines per page, in an elegant small minuscule letters. The large initial letters in red.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains Prolegomena, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), pictures, menaion, and subscriptions at the end of the Gospels.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V. 
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx text in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It creates a textual cluster with Minuscule 46.
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Joasaph, a monk. William Laud became its owner in 1640.
It was examined by Mill (as Laud. 5) and Griesbach.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscript by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Laud. Gr. 3), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20907542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907542" title="1998 ABC Under-18 Championship">
1998 ABC Under-18 Championship

The ABC Under-18 Championship 1998 is the 15th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at Kolkata, India from November 5–13, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20907549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907549" title="Nul Records">
Nul Records

Nul Records is an independent record label set up by the post-punk revival band The Futureheads.
Overview.
The Futureheads set up this record label some time after they split with their former record label 679 Recordings in late 2006, apparently disliking the direction they were taking them. Although other sources say that they were dropped by their record label because of poor sales. With the record label they set up between 2006 and 2008, they started on writing songs and recording them, then finally releasing their third studio album, This Is Not The World, on 26 May 2008 in Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20907552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907552" title="Carlo Janka">
Carlo Janka

Carlo Janka (born 15 October 1986) is a champion alpine ski racer from Switzerland. Born in Obersaxen in the canton of Graubünden, he had the winter sports facilities right in front of his home. Janka has won gold medals at both the Winter Olympics and the World Championships, as well as one World Cup overall title and one discipline title.
In 2013, Janka set a World Cup speed record in the downhill part of the super combined event in Wengen, Switzerland. He reached a maximum speed of on the "Haneggschuss", the fastest section of the classic Lauberhorn slope, on January 18.
Ski racing career.
Janka competed in his first international FIS race in December 2001 at age 15. Not until four years later did he reach the podium, but success came in all four disciplines. Janka began racing on the Europa Cup circuit in January 2004. He earned his first two World Cup starts in December 2005, but did not finish either race. At the 2006 Junior World Championships in Mt. Ste. Anne, Quebec, Canada, he won the bronze medal in giant slalom, and he finished the 2007 season in fourth place in the overall Europa Cup standings.
Janka scored his first World Cup points in the giant slalom at Alta Badia, Italy, on December 17, 2006, finishing in 20th place. But his World Cup breakthrough began two years later, on November 29, 2008, when he came out of the 65th starting position to finish a surprising second place in the downhill at Lake Louise. Two weeks later, on December 13, he skied to his first World Cup victory in a giant slalom race at Val d'Isère, France, followed the next month by a victory in the Lauberhorn super-combined in Wengen. A month later, he won the gold medal in giant slalom and the bronze in downhill at the 2009 World Championships in Val d'Isère.
On the weekend of December 4–6, 2009, Janka achieved a remarkable feat by winning the super-combined, downhill, and giant slalom on the challenging "Birds of Prey" course at Beaver Creek, Colorado. Janka was the first skier to win three World Cup races in a single weekend since Hermann Maier at the same location ten years earlier on the 2000 World Cup tour. On the same weekend as Janka triumphed in Beaver Creek, Lindsey Vonn almost duplicated the feat on the women's tour at Lake Louise, winning two races and narrowly missing a third win. On January 16, 2010, Janka won the Lauberhorn downhill in Wengen, the longest and fastest race on the World Cup tour, a day after nearly repeating his 2009 win in the super-combined by narrowly placing second behind Bode Miller.
On February 23, 2010, Janka won the gold medal in the giant slalom at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics at Whistler Creekside in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada.
At the World Cup finals in Garmisch, Germany, in March 2010, he became the fourth Swiss racer to win the World Cup overall title. He clinched the title by winning the downhill and giant slalom, which left his nearest opponent, Benjamin Raich, 106 points back with one race remaining, an insurmountable margin.
In October 2010, Janka was awarded the Skieur d'Or Award by members of the International Association of Ski Journalists for his performances during the previous season, thereby becoming the first Swiss male skier to receive the honour since Pirmin Zurbriggen won it back in 1990.
Following the 2011 World Championships, Janka underwent surgery due to increased symptoms from heart arrhythmias. A radio frequency catheter intervention was done on February 23, interrupting accessory electrical pathways to the heart. These unnecessary extra pathways had caused his heart rate to behave abnormally during exercise and stress, posing possibly severe risks. Janka recovered well from the catheterization and resumed training five days later, winning the giant slalom at Kranjska Gora, Slovenia, on March 5 for his sole victory of the 2011 season.
World Cup results.
Race victories.
9 wins – (3 DH, 4 GS, 2 SC)

</doc>
<doc id="20907561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907561" title="Gagana (film)">
Gagana (film)

Gagana (, meaning Sky) is a 1989 Kannada movie starring Anant Nag and Kushboo Sundar.
Plot.
This is the love story of a textiles manufacturer owner, Raju(Anant Nag), and his secretary, Asha/Gagana(Kushboo Sundar). It was originally billed as a romantic comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20907562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907562" title="Chung Jae-Hun (archer)">
Chung Jae-Hun (archer)

Chung Jae-Hun (born 1 June 1974) is an archer from South Korea.
He competed for South Korea in the 1992 Summer Olympics held in Barcelona, Spain in the individual event where he finished in second place behind Frenchman Sebastien Flute. He was also part of the South Korean team that finished fifth in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="20907563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907563" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Somerset County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Somerset County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Somerset County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in Somerset County, Pennsylvania. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 31 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. One site is designated as a National Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20907567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907567" title="Jardin botanique alpin &quot;Daniella&quot;">
Jardin botanique alpin &quot;Daniella&quot;

The Jardin botanique alpin "Daniella" is a botanical garden specializing in alpine plants, located at 16, rue General du Cray in Limoges, Haute-Vienne, France. The garden was established in 1983 and now contains 1,590 taxa of alpine plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20907597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907597" title="Helmet streamer">
Helmet streamer

Helmet streamers are bright loop-like structures which develop over active regions on the sun. They are closed magnetic loops which connect regions of opposite magnetic polarity. Electrons are captured in these loops, and cause them to glow very brightly. The solar wind elongates these loops to pointy tips. They far extend above most prominences into the corona, and can be readily observed during a solar eclipse. Helmet streamers are usually confined to the "streamer belt" in the mid latitudes, and their distribution follows the movement of active regions during the solar cycle. Small blobs of plasma, or "plasmoids" are sometimes released from the tips of helmet streamers, and this is one source of the slow component of the solar wind. In contrast, formations with open magnetic field lines are called coronal holes, and these are darker and are a source of the fast solar wind. Helmet streamers can also create coronal mass ejections if a large volume of plasma becomes disconnected near the tip of the streamer.

</doc>
<doc id="20907599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907599" title="Unseated members of the United States Congress">
Unseated members of the United States Congress

Throughout the history of the United States Congress there have been times when members of either chamber have refused to seat new members. Article I, Section 5 of the United States Constitution states that, "Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns and qualifications of its own members, and a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the attendance of absent members, in such manner, and under such penalties as each House may provide." This means that members of the House of Representatives and of the Senate can refuse to recognize the election or appointment of a new representative or senator. They can bar the individual outright or refer the matter to a committee for inquiry. "Powell v. McCormack" (1969) clarified the issue of the scope of powers of the Congress to refuse to seat an elected member. The Federal Contested Elections Act of 1969 currently lays out the procedures by which each House determines contested elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20907605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907605" title="Carl D. Thompson">
Carl D. Thompson

Carl Dean Thompson (1870–1949) was an American preacher, Christian Socialist, and Social Democratic politician. A Congregationalist minister early in his life, Thompson is best remembered as a lecturer and political organizer for the Socialist Party of America.
Thompson left the Socialist Party owing to its opposition to World War I and thereafter participated in other liberal political organizations, including the Committee of 48 and his own group, the National Public Ownership League.
Biography.
Early years.
Carl D. Thompson was born on March 24, 1870, in Berlin, Michigan, a small town on the shore of Lake Erie in the southeastern corner of the state. He graduated from Gates College in Nebraska in 1895, from the Chicago Theological Seminary in 1898; and earned an MA degree from Chicago University in 1900. From 1891 through 1901, Thompson was employed as a minister of various Congregationalist churches, winding up in Wisconsin.
Political career.
The socially-aware Thompson was a convert to Christian Socialism and a devotee of Victor L. Berger's Social Democratic Party of America. He worked as a State Organizer for the SDP of Wisconsin from 1898 until the merger of that organization at the 1901 Unity Convention which established the Socialist Party of America.
Thompson was elected, to the Wisconsin State Assembly, as a Social Democrat (Socialist) in 1906 for the 12th Milwaukee County district, with 1648 votes against 1545 for the incumbent, Republican August Dietrich and 1010 for Democratic nominees Adam Muth. He was assigned to the standing committees on transportation and on third readings. In 1908, he was unseated in turn by Republican Carl Busacker, with 2047 votes for Busacker, 1956 for Thompson, 1839 for Democrat George Schaefer, and 100 for Prohibitionist Benjamin C. Hughes].
Thompson was a member of the Socialist Party's National Committee, representing Wisconsin. In 1912, Thompson was the nominee of the Social Democratic Party (the Wisconsin state Socialist Party retained its historic name) for Governor of Wisconsin, coming in third in a five-way race with 8.74% of the vote, far more than the 3.05% margin of victory of Republican victor Francis E. McGovern.
In 1914, Thompson moved to Illinois to work for the Socialist Party National Office as head of its Information Department, a post which he retained until the abolition of the position by the National Committee in 1915. Thompson also ran as the SPA's candidate for US Congress from Illinois's 7th congressional district against incumbent Democrat Frank Buchanan in 1914. Buchanan won with only 39.3% of the vote, to 35.4% for Republican Niels Juul (who would unseat Buchanan in 1916), 13.5% for Thompson, and 11.8% for Bull Moose Progressive Charles S. Stewart. Upon termination of the SPA's Information Department, he remained in Illinois and went to work as head of the party's National Lecture Bureau. 
In 1916, Thompson ran a tightly fought campaign against former United Mine Workers Union official Adolph Germer for the position of National Executive Secretary of the Socialist Party. Germer was regarded as the more radical of the two candidates and the result was close, with bloc voting by the various branches of the party's foreign language federations largely credited for providing the German-born Germer's margin of victory.
Post-World War I activity.
After American entry into World War I in the spring of 1917, Thompson lent his support to Wilson's war effort. Along with other pro-war Socialists like John Spargo, Allan L. Benson, and William Ghent, Thompson worked throughout 1918 to attempt to cause the Socialist Party to annul what he described as the "illegal and impossible phraseology" of the party's 1917 St. Louis platform. Instead, Thompson urged that the party restate its position on the war, giving full support to Woodrow Wilson's purported "war to save the world for democracy" and explicitly recognizing that only force of arms was a sufficient means to defeat German militarism. Although Thompson indicated his belief that an "overwhelming majority" of the SPA's rank and file supported such a change, the Illinois state convention held May 3–4, 1918, seems to have demonstrated otherwise, with the defiantly antimilitarist St. Louis platform being upheld by "something like two to one" after "vigorous debate" — in Thompson's own estimation. As this political situation became clear in the summer of 1918, Thompson and his co-thinkers on the Socialist Party's right wing admitted defeat and left the ranks of the organization.
After leaving the SPA, Thompson became involved in the activities of the liberal organization known as the Committee of 48, signing the call for the founding conference to organize the group. After that organization fizzled in 1920 Thompson went on to establish an organization of his own, the National Public Ownership League, for which he served as National Secretary. This rather obscure organization seems to have continued at least through the middle-1930s.
Death and legacy.
Thompson died on July 3, 1949, in Lincoln, Nebraska. He was 79 years old at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20907611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907611" title="Lisryan">
Lisryan

Lisryan (). is a village in County Longford, Ireland.
Transport.
Lisryan is easily reachable by car. It is located on the Regional Road the R395 road. The nearest towns are Granard and Edgeworthstown. Granard is served by the Bus Éireann number 111 bus service. Twice on a Friday only, the bus route changes slightly and the bus drives through the village of Lisryan; and people can journey to Granard or Dublin. Edgeworthstown is served by the Iarnród Éireann Sligo to Dublin train service.
Activities.
Lisryan is located in the countryside of Ireland. There are many opportunities to walk and bicycle in the area. There is also the Lisryan Sports Field located in the heart of the village. People from the village and surrounding areas play Association football and Gaelic games in the sportsfield.
Bring Bank.
In Lisryan, there is a bring bank. This bring bank can accommodate clear, green and brown glass. It is one of 25 banks in County Longford.
Coolamber Manor.
Known as: Cloonshanagh or Coolamber Manor Demesne. In Irish: Cluain Seanach, lawn or meadow of the foxes and Cul Amra, hill-back of the trough. It is a large Country House of fine landed gentry, long since gone. The site totals 150 acres and is located just outside the village of Lisryan. It was a drug rehabilitation centre, however its doors are now closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20907636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907636" title="Never Let the Bastards Wear You Down">
Never Let the Bastards Wear You Down

Never Let the Bastards Wear You Down is a studio album by American singer-songwriter Dee Snider released on March 1, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20907642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907642" title="Tamaki, Afghanistan">
Tamaki, Afghanistan

Tamaki(تمکی in Persian / dari) is a Village in Afghanistan in the Qarabagh District of Ghazni Province. Tamaki is very close to Jaghori District. Tamaki is populated by Hazaras,about 10000 to 15000 people lives in Tamaki, who speak either Hazaragi or Dari and their religion is shia Islam. Tamaki Village has places which called, Taqchin, Qol, Waraq, Nale, Blandqash and Qani and the center place is called Deh Raazi which is in Qani place. More than 1500 Students are studying in four high school in Tamaki village, to school for boys and to school for girls as called Tawhid Tamaki, and Mostalat Taqchin Tamaki. Tamaki has many mountains located around the village, one famous mountain is shaped (shikhi) in Taqchin as a cot which the villagers think is a gift from God as they are very religious. (Ferishtah Karimi)(H. Yaqobi)

</doc>
<doc id="20907644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907644" title="Jerome A. Stone">
Jerome A. Stone

Jerome Stone—author, philosopher, and theologian—is best known for helping to develop the religious movement of Religious Naturalism. Dr. Stone is on the Adjunct Faculty of Meadville Lombard Theological School; is Emeritus Professor of Philosophy at William Rainey Harper College; is in Preliminary Fellowship with the Unitarian Universalist Association; and is a member of the Highlands Institute of American Religious and Philosophical Thought (HIARPT) and the Institute on Religion in an Age of Science (IRAS).
Biography.
Stone grew up in Connecticut and Rhode Island, the son of a Protestant pastor. Though his family was of modest means he had access to a broad range of books. His father taught him respect for other religions early on. He was educated in the aesthetic and moral dimensions of church life. Instead of oppressive moralism, he was given a vision of moral integrity, service and a sense of the numinous.
At the age of sixteen he left home, an early entrant to the University of Chicago. After a year of graduate studies, he transferred to Andover Newton Theological School outside of Boston, MA. His Mdiv thesis was done there on "Paul Tillich’s Concept of God as the Ground of Being". He then continued his graduate training at the University of Chicago Divinity School, completing his doctorate there in 1973. His doctorate thesis was done on "The Secular Experiences OF Transcendence: The Contributions of Bernard Meland, H. Richard Niebuhr and Paul Tillich". During this time he served as pastor at three Congregational and United Church of Christ churches. He helped organize the Danville Council on Human Relations which is said to have become the seed bed for the first Head Start program to receive funding.
He went on to teach religion, philosophy, ethics and racism in America at Kendall College, William Rainey Harper College and later at the Meadville Theological School. Over these years he developed a strong environmentalism. In 2002, Stone wrote:
Stone has moved from liberal Protestantism through a flirtation with neo-orthodoxy to a more serious wrestling with Paul Tillich and finally to a Religious Naturalism shaped by Henry Nelson Wieman, Bernard Meland and John Dewey.
Religious Naturalism.
Stone’s latest work,"Religious Naturalism Today: The Rebirth of a Forgotten Alternative", looks at the history and revival of Religious Naturalism, a 1940’s option in religious thinking. It seeks to explore, develop and encourage spiritual ways of responding to the world on a completely naturalistic basis without a supreme supernatural being.
Stone traces its history and analyzes some of the issues dividing Religious Naturalists. He includes analysis of nearly fifty distinguished philosophers, theologians, scientists, and figures in art and literature, both living and dead. They range from Ursula Goodenough, Gordon D. Kaufman, William Dean, Thomas Berry and Gary Snyder to Jan Christiaan Smuts, William Bernhardt, Gregory Bateson and Sharon Welch. His history includes its birth from George Santayana to modern contributors such as Henry Nelson Wieman, Loyal Rue and Chet Raymo. He briefly explores Religious Naturalism in literature and art. Contested issues are discussed including whether Nature's power or goodness is the focus of attention and also on the appropriateness of using the term God.
Mary Doak, author of "Reclaiming Narrative for Public Theology" says of it: [http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/product-description/0791475387]
The individual perspectives on Religious Naturalism of Loyal Rue, Donald A. Crosby, Ursula Goodenough and Stone are discussed by Michael Hogue in his 2010 book" The Promise of Religious Naturalism".

</doc>
<doc id="20907646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907646" title="History of the San Diego Padres">
History of the San Diego Padres

This article details the history of the San Diego Padres. The San Diego Padres are a Major League Baseball team based in San Diego. They play in the National League Western Division. They and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are the only MLB California teams to originate in California; the Dodgers and Giants are originally from New York, and the Athletics are originally from Philadelphia.
Pre 1970s: Beginnings.
The Padres adopted their name from the Pacific Coast League team which arrived in San Diego in 1936. That minor league franchise won the PCL title in 1937, led by then-18-year-old San Diegan Ted Williams. The team's name, Spanish for "fathers", refers to the Spanish Franciscan friars who founded San Diego in 1769.
In 1969, the San Diego Padres joined the ranks of Major League Baseball as one of four new expansion teams, along with the Montreal Expos (now the Washington Nationals), the Kansas City Royals and the Seattle Pilots (now the Milwaukee Brewers). Their original owner was C. Arnholt Smith, a prominent San Diego businessman and former owner of the PCL Padres whose interests included banking, tuna fishing, hotels, real estate and an airline. Despite initial excitement, the guidance of longtime baseball executives, Eddie Leishman and Buzzie Bavasi as well as a new playing field, the team struggled; the Padres finished in last place in each of its first six seasons in the NL West, losing 100 games or more four times. One of the few bright spots on the team during the early years was first baseman and slugger Nate Colbert, an expansion draftee from the Houston Astros and still (as of 2009) the Padres' career leader in home runs.
Washington Padres.
Before the 1974 season began, the Padres were on the verge of being sold to Joseph Danzansky, who was planning to move the franchise to Washington, D.C. by the beginning of the 1974 season. People were so convinced the transfer would happen that new uniforms were designed. Even the baseball card companies were fooled. About half of the Padres' player cards printed by Topps that season displayed "Washington National League" as the team name. But C. Arnholt Smith changed his mind, and instead sold the Padres to McDonald's co-founder Ray Kroc, who was not interested in moving the team and kept the team in San Diego.
1970s: Winfield, Jones, Fingers and Ozzie.
In his first home game as the Padres' new owner in 1974, Ray Kroc grabbed the public address system microphone and apologized to fans for the poor performance of the team, saying, "I have never seen such stupid ballplaying in my life." At the same time, a streaker raced across the field, eluding security personnel. Kroc shouted, "Throw him in jail!" The following season, 1975, would be the first season that the Padres would not finish in the National League West cellar (finishing fourth), and brought the promise of an owner who would make the necessary changes to the organization.
Nate Colbert is one of two major-league baseball players (Stan Musial is the other) to have hit five home runs in a doubleheader, a feat he accomplished as a Padre. He collected 13 RBIs in that doubleheader, still a major league record. Although the Padres continued to struggle after Colbert's departure via trade to the Detroit Tigers in 1974, they did feature star outfielder Dave Winfield, who came to the Padres in 1973 from the University of Minnesota without having played a single game in the minor leagues. Winfield was also drafted by the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League, the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association and the Utah Stars of the American Basketball Association.
Winfield took over where Colbert left off, starring in the Padres outfield from 1973 until 1980, when he joined the New York Yankees. In seven seasons, Winfield played in 1,117 games for San Diego and collected 1,134 hits, 154 home runs and drove in 626 runs. But most importantly, he helped the team out of the National League West basement for the first time in 1975, under the guidance of manager John McNamara, who took over the club at the start of the 1974 season.
Winfield's emergence as a legitimate star coincided with the turnaround of a promising young left-handed pitcher named Randy Jones, who had suffered through 22 losses in 1974. Jones became the first San Diego pitcher to win 20 games in 1975, going 20–12 in 37 outings as the Padres finished in fourth place with a 71–91 record, 37 games behind the Cincinnati Reds.
Jones won 22 games in 1976, winning the Cy Young Award in the process, another franchise first. The club set a new high with 73 wins, but fell to fifth place.
Jones slipped to 6–12 in 1977, and not even the acquisition of Rollie Fingers could help the Padres escape the bottom half of the division. Only Winfield and fellow outfielder George Hendrick cracked the 20-homer barrier, and the pitching staff was filled with a group of unknowns and youngsters, few of whom would enjoy much success at the major league level.
The 1978 season brought hope to baseball fans in San Diego, thanks to the arrival a young shortstop named Ozzie Smith, who arrived on the scene and turned the baseball world on its ears with an acrobatic style that redefined how the position should be played in the field. The Padres hosted the All-Star Game that summer. The National League won the contest 7–3 thanks to an MVP performance by Los Angeles Dodgers first baseman Steve Garvey, who would play a crucial role for San Diego in the not-too-distant future.
Winfield and Fingers represented the team at the game, but conspicuously absent was starting pitcher Gaylord Perry, who joined the Padres after spending three years with the Texas Rangers. At 39 years of age and coming off a 15–14 season with Texas, little was expected of him. All Perry did that summer was post a 21–6 record and a 2.73 earned run average, edging Montreal's Ross Grimsley to earn the Padres' second Cy Young Award in three seasons. San Diego also picked up another first that summer, compiling an 84–78 mark for manager Roger Craig, the only time in 10 seasons the team finished a season with a winning percentage above .500.
The good times did not last, as the Padres closed out the decade with another losing season in 1979, a 68–93 record that cost Craig his job. Winfield was the lone bright spot, leading the National League with 118 RBIs. The good times continued to fade out as Winfield signed a 10-year contract with the New York Yankees after the 1980 season.
1984: The first pennant.
The 1984 season began with a shock: Ray Kroc died of heart disease on January 14. Ownership of the team passed to his third wife, Joan Kroc. The team would wear Ray's initials, "RAK" on their jersey's left sleeve during the entire season, as well as the 1985 and 1986 seasons.
Fortunately, happier times were ahead for the team. The Padres finished at 92–70 in 1984 and won the National League West championship, despite having no players with 100-RBI and only two batters with 20-HR. They were managed by Dick Williams and had an offense that featured veterans Steve Garvey, Garry Templeton, Graig Nettles, Alan Wiggins as well as Hall-of-Famer Tony Gwynn, who captured his first of what would be eight National League batting championships that year (he would also win in 1987–89 and from 1994–97; Gwynn shares the National League record with Honus Wagner). Gwynn, who also would win five National League Gold Gloves during his career, joined the Padres in 1982 following starring roles in both baseball and basketball at San Diego State University (he still holds the school record for career basketball assists), and after having been selected in the previous year by both the Padres in the baseball draft and by the then San Diego Clippers in the National Basketball Association draft. The Padres pitching staff in 1984 featured Eric Show (15–9), Ed Whitson (14–8), Mark Thurmond (14–8), Tim Lollar (11–13), and Rich "Goose" Gossage as their closer (10–6, 2.90 ERA and 25 saves).
In the 1984 NLCS, the Padres faced the NL East champion Chicago Cubs, who were making their first post-season appearance since 1945 and featured NL Most Valuable Player Ryne Sandberg and Cy Young Award winner Rick Sutcliffe. The Cubs would win the first two games at Wrigley Field, and were less than two innings away from a series sweep when their luck changed. The Padres swept the final three games at then San Diego Jack Murphy Stadium (the highlight arguably being Steve Garvey's dramatic, game-winning home run off of Lee Smith in Game 4) to win the 1984 National League pennant. Gossage, a former New York Yankee, said the San Diego crowd at Game 3 was "the loudest crowd I've ever heard anywhere." Gwynn agreed as well. Jack Murphy Stadium played "Cub-Busters", a parody of the theme song from the 1984 movie "Ghostbusters". Cub-Busters T-shirts inspired from the movie were popular attire for Padres fans.
In the 1984 World Series, the Padres faced the powerful Detroit Tigers, who steamrolled through the regular season with 104 victories (and had started out with a 35–5 record, the best ever through the first 40 games). The Tigers were managed by Sparky Anderson and featured shortstop and native San Diegan Alan Trammell and outfielder Kirk Gibson, along with Lance Parrish and DH Darrell Evans. The pitching staff was bolstered by ace Jack Morris (19–11, 3.60 ERA), Dan Petry (18–8), Milt Wilcox (17–8), and closer Willie Hernández (9–3, 1.92 ERA with 32 saves). Jack Morris would win games 1 and 4 and the Tigers would go on to win the Series 4-games-to-1.
Reporter Barry Bloom of MLB.com wrote in 2011 that "the postseason in ’84 is still the most exciting week of Major League Baseball ever played in San Diego."
1985–95: Tough times following a pennant.
After the Padres won the pennant in 1984, they had some tough times. Tony Gwynn continued to win batting titles (including batting .394 in 1994). The Padres would come close in 1985. They would field eight All-Stars (manager Dick Williams, Tony Gwynn, Graig Nettles, Rich Gossage, Terry Kennedy, Garry Templeton, Steve Garvey, and LaMarr Hoyt) at the 1985 All-Star Game in Minnesota. However, they collapsed at the end of the season, finishing tied for third with the Houston Astros behind the Los Angeles Dodgers and Cincinnati Reds.
Williams was let go as manager just before 1986 spring training. His record with the Padres was 337–311 over four seasons. As of 2011, he was the only manager in the team's history without a losing season. His difficulties with the Padres stemmed from a power struggle with team president Ballard Smith and general manager Jack McKeon. Late in the 1986 season, Gossage was suspended and then reinstated with a $25,000 fine for behavior not in the best interest of the team. Gossage said that Smith "wants choirboys and not winning players" and that Smith "just listens to what Mom says", a reference to Padres owner Kroc, Smith's mother-in-law. Gossage also said Kroc was "poisoning the world with her cheeseburgers." He later apologized to McDonald's, which Gossage said his family would continue to frequent.
In 1987, rookie catcher Benito Santiago hit in 34 straight games, earning him the NL Rookie of the Year Award. However, the Padres finished dead last in 1987, thanks to the managing of the tempestuous Larry Bowa. The next season, rookie second baseman Roberto Alomar would make his debut, forming a double play combination with veteran shortstop Garry Templeton. During the 1988 season, Bowa was replaced by Jack McKeon and the Padres won 83 games, finishing in third place. Team president Chub Feeney resigned after giving the finger to fans carrying a sign reading "SCRUB CHUB" on Fan Appreciation Night. In 1989, the Padres finished 89–73 thanks to Cy Young Award-winning closer Mark Davis. Between 1989 and 1990, friction dominated the Padres' clubhouse as Tony Gwynn had constant shouting matches with slugger Jack Clark. But as the franchise player, Gwynn prevailed as Clark finished his career with the Red Sox.
Midway through the 1990 season, Joan Kroc wanted to sell the team. But she wanted a commitment to San Diego. So Kroc sold it to television producer Tom Werner. Just under six weeks into his new ownership role, Werner attempted to cross-promote the team with one of his television series in between games of a twi-night doubleheader versus the Cincinnati Reds at Jack Murphy Stadium on July 25, 1990. On an evening billed as Working Women's Night at the ballpark, he had invited Roseanne Barr, the eponymous star of one of his sitcoms, to perform "The Star-Spangled Banner". She comically sang the national anthem with a loud, screechy voice. After finishing her rendition, she grabbed her crotch and spat at the ground in an attempt to parody baseball players. The publicity stunt was met with condemnation from baseball fans and sportswriters, some of whom called it either the "Barr-Mangled Banner" or the "Barr-Strangled Banner."
Under Werner, the old brown that remained in Padres uniforms since their inception were supplanted by navy blue, a nod to the vintage 1940s PCL franchise colors. A trade was also made with the Toronto Blue Jays where Joe Carter and Roberto Alomar were traded for Fred McGriff and Tony Fernandez. In 1992, the Padres lineup featured the "Four Tops": Gary Sheffield, Fred McGriff, Tony Fernández, and Tony Gwynn. However, Fernandez would go to the New York Mets, McGriff went to the division-winning Atlanta Braves, and Sheffield would go to the expansion Florida Marlins. Although extremely unpopular at the time, it was the Sheffield trade that brought in pitcher Trevor Hoffman, who was virtually unknown to Padres fans. While Sheffield led Florida to a World Championship in 1997, Hoffman would be the next franchise player behind Dave Winfield and Tony Gwynn. The Padres would finish dead last in the strike-shortened 1994 season, but Gwynn hit .394 that year (the most since Ted Williams hit over .400 in 1941). After that season, the Padres made a mega-trade with Houston reeling in Ken Caminiti, Steve Finley, and others. In November 1995, Kevin Towers was promoted from scouting director to general manager.
1996–97: Building a winner.
In 1996, under new owner John Moores (a software tycoon who purchased controlling ownership in the team in 1994 from Tom Werner, who subsequently formed a syndicate that purchased the Boston Red Sox) and team president Larry Lucchino, and with a team managed by former Padres catcher Bruce Bochy (a member of the 1984 NL championship squad), the team won the NL West in an exciting race, sweeping the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium in the final series of the regular season. The '96 team featured Gwynn, who won his seventh National League batting championship, National League MVP Ken Caminiti, premier leadoff hitter Rickey Henderson, pitcher Fernando Valenzuela, first baseman Wally Joyner and outfielder Steve Finley. The Padres had led the NL West early in the season only to falter in June, but came back in July and battled the Dodgers the rest of the way. However, they were defeated in the National League Division Series by the Tony La Russa-led St. Louis Cardinals, 3 games to 0.
The Padres suffered an off-year in 1997, plagued by a pitching slump. The one silver lining was Tony Gwynn's eighth and final National League batting title, won in the final days of the season after a down-to-the wire duel with the Colorado Rockies' Larry Walker. Walker barely missed becoming the first Triple Crown winner in baseball since Carl Yastrzemski in 1967.
1998: The second pennant.
In 1998, Henderson and Valenzuela were gone, but newly acquired (from the 1997 World Series champion Florida Marlins) pitcher Kevin Brown had a sensational year (his only one with the Padres) and outfielder/slugger Greg Vaughn hit 50 home runs (overlooked in that season of the Mark McGwire–Sammy Sosa race). Managed by Bruce Bochy and aided by the talents of players such as Tony Gwynn, Ken Caminiti, Wally Joyner, Steve Finley, pitcher Andy Ashby and premier closer Trevor Hoffman (4–2, 1.48 ERA and 53 saves), the Padres had their best year in history, finishing 98–64 and winning the NL West division crown.
In the next year, the team owners would make a bid to have the city of San Diego construct a new stadium for the Padres. To guarantee that the city fathers would vote in the affirmative, the Padres recruited a record number of players for the 1998 season, most of whom would become free agents in 1999. Therefore, they would have the best incentive to have a successful season, to get the best contracts possible (potentially with other teams), in 1999. This gambit was completely successful : The Padres had a record season, the new Ball Park was approved, most of the stars of 1998 left, and the team would have a lackluster year in 1999.
The Padres defeated the Houston Astros in the 1998 NLDS, 3 games to 1, behind solid pitching by Brown and Hoffman, and home runs by Greg Vaughn, Wally Joyner and Jim Leyritz (who homered in 3 of the 4 games).
In the 1998 NLCS, the Padres faced the Atlanta Braves, who had won the National League East with an astonishing 106–56 record. The offense was paced by talent such as Andrés Galarraga, Chipper Jones, Andruw Jones and Javy López. Their pitching staff had the perennial big-3 of Greg Maddux (18–9, 2.22 ERA), Tom Glavine (20–6, 2.47 ERA), and John Smoltz (17–3, 2.90 ERA), as well as Kevin Millwood (17–8, 4.08 ERA) and Denny Neagle (16–11, 3.55 ERA). However, it was the Padres that would prevail, 4 games to 2, with ace Kevin Brown pitching a shutout in game 2 (winning 3–0). Steve Finley caught a pop fly for the final out, as the Padres clinched the series.
In the 1998 World Series the Padres faced the powerhouse New York Yankees, who had steamrolled through the season with a 114–48 record and drew acclaim as one their greatest teams of all time. There was no offensive player with more than 30 home runs, in contrast to the teams of the 1920s, or 1950s, but they had four players with 24+ and eight with 17+. Yankee pitching had been paced by David Cone (20–7, 3.55), Andy Pettitte (16–11, 4.24), David Wells (18–4, 3.49), Hideki Irabu (13–9, 4.06) and Orlando Hernández (12–4, 3.13). Mariano Rivera, their closer, was excellent once again (3–0, 1.91 ERA with 36 saves).
The Yankees swept the Padres in four games. Mariano Rivera closed out 3 of the 4 games. One of the few bright spots of the series for the Padres was a home run by Tony Gwynn, in Game 1 that hit the facing of the right-field upper deck at Yankee Stadium and put the Padres ahead briefly, 5–2. But the Yankees would score 7 runs in the 7th inning en route to a 9–6 victory.
This World Series loss by the Padres was the only time during the Yankees' dynasty of the 1990s that did not revive the rivalry between the New York Mets and the Atlanta Braves. Three of the four Yankees championships during their dynasty came against either team ( and against Atlanta, against New York).
1999–2003: Tough times following a pennant, again.
Entering the 1999 season, some instrumental players to the 1998 World Series team were gone. Brown, a free agent, signed the biggest contract in baseball history with the Dodgers. Finley, a free agent, signed with the Arizona Diamondbacks. Caminiti, a free agent went to the Houston Astros. Vaughn and utilityman Mark Sweeney were traded to the Cincinnati Reds for left fielder Reggie Sanders, infielder Damian Jackson and pitching prospect Josh Harris. Starting pitcher Joey Hamilton was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for pitchers Woody Williams and Carlos Almanzar. The Padres opened their 1999 season in Monterrey, Mexico versus the Colorado Rockies. On August 6, 1999, Tony Gwynn got his 3,000th hit (a single) against the Montreal Expos at Olympic Stadium.
On October 7, 2001, in a post-game ceremony at Qualcomm Stadium, Tony Gwynn made an emotional farewell to the team that had been his only major-league home. In the game played that day, Rickey Henderson, who in the meantime had rejoined the Padres, collected his 3,000th major-league base hit, a double. Gwynn struck his final major-league hit, also a double, in the previous game. He is presently head coach of the San Diego State University Aztecs, his alma mater. He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame on July 29, 2007.
Also in 2001, Dave Winfield became the first player to be elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame as a Padre.
2004–present: PETCO Park and a new era.
2004: PETCO Park opens.
After five straight losing seasons in Qualcomm Stadium (1999–2003), the Padres moved into newly built PETCO Park. PETCO Park is situated in downtown near San Diego's Gaslamp District, the main entrance located just two blocks from the downtown terminal of the San Diego Trolley light-rail system. With new amenities and a revitalization of the downtown neighborhood, fan interest renewed. Modeled after recent successes in downtown ballpark building (such as San Francisco's AT&T Park), and incorporating San Diego history in the form of the preservation of the facade of the historic Western Metals Company building (now the left-field corner, the corner of the building substituting for the left field foul pole), the new Petco Park is a sharp contrast to their previous home at Qualcomm (Jack Murphy) Stadium which was a cookie-cutter type football-baseball facility located in an outer, mostly commercial-industrial, area of the city near an interstate interchange.
With the ocean air prevalent and a sharp, clean park to play in, the Padres began to win again. The new stadium also acquired a reputation as a pitchers' park, with notable complaints from some of the Padres batters themselves (deep center field and evenings with dense foggy air). The Padres finished the 2004 season with an 87–75 record, good enough for 3rd in the NL West.
The team somewhat rebranded itself going into the 2004 season, with new colors (navy blue and sand brown), new uniforms and a new advertising slogan, "Play Downtown", referring to the near-downtown location of the new ballpark.
One of the bricks at the center plaza of Petco Park was secretly purchased by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, an animal rights organization that has protested the breeding and purchasing of the animals sold at Petco stores. The brick reads, "Break out your cold ones. Toast the Padres. Enjoy this champion organization." The first letter of each word is really an acrostic urging people to boycott the stores.
2005: The worst division winner ever.
In 2005, the Western Division Champion Padres finished with the lowest-ever winning percentage for a division champion (or for that matter, a postseason qualifier) in a non-strike season, 82–80. Three teams in the Eastern Division finished with better records than San Diego but failed to qualify for the playoffs, including second-place Philadelphia, which won 88 games and all six of its contests with the Padres. There had been some speculation that the Padres would be the first team in history to win a division and finish below .500, but their victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on September 30 gave them their 81st victory. In the 2005 NLDS, the reigning National League champion St. Louis Cardinals, who finished the season with the majors' best record, swept the Padres in three consecutive games. Thus the Padres finished the season with an overall regular-and-post-season record of 82–83, the first post-season qualifier in a normal-length season to lose more games than it won overall.
The 2005 Padres featured bright spots, however, including ace pitcher Jake Peavy, the NL strikeout leader, and closer Trevor Hoffman, who claimed his 400th save.
2006: Another division title.
The Padres started April 2006 with a 9–15 record and were stuck in the cellar of the NL West.
However, after going 19–10 in May, the club moved into first place in the division. Closer Trevor Hoffman was elected to the 2006 MLB All-Star Game in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, threw one inning in that game and got the loss. On September 24 (the last home game of the regular season), Hoffman became the all-time saves leader when he recorded his 479th career save, breaking Lee Smith's record of 478 (Hoffman's career total as of the end of the season was 482). Hoffman's 2006 campaign (2.14 ERA, 46 saves in 51 opportunities through 65 games pitched) was one of his best. The 2006 Padres would attribute their success largely to the team's pitching staff. Their ERA was 3.87, first in the NL and trailing only the Detroit Tigers in all of MLB.
On September 30, 2006, the Padres clinched a playoff berth with a 3–1 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks. In the final game of the season, the Padres defeated the Diamondbacks 7–6 to win back to back division titles for the first time in team history (they were tied with the Dodgers for the division title, but because of winning the season series against them, the division title went to them and the wild card went to the Dodgers). The final out of the final game of the 2006 regular season — confirming the Padres as Division champions — was a highly unusual play. With Trevor Hoffman pitching the 9th, 2 out, Diamondback Chris Young was on first. Alberto Callaspo hit a grounder past first. Second baseman Josh Barfield fielded and threw wildly to first, forcing Gonzalez to come off the bag. However, Gonzalez then threw to Khalil Greene at second, beating but not tagging Young. Second base umpire Larry Poncino initially called safe because of the no-tag, but Padres manager Bruce Bochy successfully argued that the force play at second did not need a tag to be declared out. The game, and the season, ended with a changed call. TV replay, however, clearly showed that Greene was off the bag as well, so the original call may have been correct. This call, understandably, was greeted by a long and loud chorus of boos by the Diamondbacks fans who packed Chase Field to bid farewell to Luis Gonzalez.
Only 53 teams in the modern era have posted sub-.500 records in April and survived to make the postseason. The San Diego Padres achieved the feat in both 2005 and 2006.
The Padres opened the 2006 National League Division Series at home against the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday, October 3, 2006. After losing the first two games at home (5–1 and 2–0 respectively), they won game 3 at Busch Stadium 3–1, but were eliminated with a 6–2 loss in Game 4, when the Cardinals, who trailed 2–0 before their first at-bat, scored six unanswered runs (two in the first, and four in the sixth) for the win.
Overall the Padres have a post-season record of 12–22; they have lost 10 of their last 11 games since winning the National League pennant in 1998.
One key offseason trade between the San Diego Padres' General Manager, Kevin Towers, and the Texas Rangers' General Manager, Jon Daniels, would prove to have a dramatic impact on their 2006 season. The Padres dealt starting pitcher Adam Eaton, middle reliever Akinori Otsuka, and minor-league catcher Billy Killian in exchange for starting pitcher Chris Young, left fielder Terrmel Sledge, and first baseman Adrian Gonzalez. Gonzalez would take over the everyday duties at first base, batting .304 with a club-leading 24 home runs and 82 RBI in his first year as a full-time starter. Sledge would hit .229 in limited major league action. Chris Young proved to be the real story, however, as he would go 11–5 with a 3.46 ERA (6th best in the National League) and allowed just 6.72 hits per 9 innings pitched – best in the majors.
2006 also ended up being the last year of Bruce Bochy's tenure as the manager of the Padres, taking the managerial position for their divisional rivals, the San Francisco Giants. He was replaced by Bud Black, a San Diego State University alumni and former pitching coach of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
2007: Falling short.
On Sunday, April 1, 2007, Major League Baseball's 2007 Opening Night, the Padres announced that they had agreed to terms on a four-year contract with 1B Adrian Gonzalez, keeping him in San Diego until 2010 with a club option for 2011. Prior to this contract agreement the Padres had offered to renew Gonzalez's contract during the offseason at $380,500, only $500 over the league minimum for the 2007 season.
The Padres' 2007 season began April 3 in an away game against the San Francisco Giants, winning it 7–0 in front of a capacity crowd of 42,773 at AT&T Park, defeating $126 million staff-ace Barry Zito in his Giants debut. The Padres bullpen has continued to be the team's strength as in recent years, opening the season with 28 scoreless innings, a Major League record to start a season. At the start of the season the Padres starting rotation order was as follows: Jake Peavy, Chris Young, Clay Hensley (injured, replaced by Justin Germano), Greg Maddux, David Wells.
On June 4, 2007, Jake Peavy was named NL Pitcher of the Month after going 4–0 with a 0.79 ERA in May. The next day, Trevor Hoffman was named the "DHL Presents the Major League Baseball Delivery Man of the Month Award" for May 2007. The award recognizes the most outstanding relief pitcher during each month of the regular season.
On June 6, 2007, Trevor Hoffman became the first pitcher in major league history to record 500 saves, 498 of them coming as a Padre (the first 2 were as a Florida Marlin).
On September 23, 2007, Milton Bradley tore his right ACL while being restrained by Padres manager Bud Black during an altercation with first base umpire Mike Winters. Home plate umpire Brian Runge reportedly told Bradley that Winters said that Bradley had tossed his bat in Runge's direction in a previous at-bat. After Bradley reached first base, he questioned Winters about the alleged bat throwing and subsequent communication with Runge. According to Bradley and Padres first base coach Bobby Meacham, Winters used a profanity towards Bradley. Bradley then moved towards Winters. While restrained by Black, Bradley fell to the ground resulting in the injury. He missed the last week of the regular season in 2007, during which the Padres relinquished their wild card lead, ultimately losing to the eventual N.L. Champion Colorado Rockies in a one game playoff.
The Padres ended the regular season in an 89–73 tie for the NL wild card with the Colorado Rockies. In a cruel piece of irony, on September 29, 2007, the Padres were within one out and one strike of clinching the National League Wild Card berth, but Tony Gwynn, Jr., son of the longtime Padres legend, tripled against Hoffman to tie the game. The Padres went on to lose that game, and the one that followed, even though the Milwaukee Brewers had been eliminated from the pennant race and had nothing left to play for. The Padres then met the Rockies on October 1, 2007 in Denver for a one-game playoff to decide the wild card winner. Despite having Jake Peavy start the game and bringing in Trevor Hoffman in the bottom of the 13th inning to try to hold an 8–6 lead, the Padres' season ended when the Rockies rallied to win 9–8. It ended on a controversial call on a sacrifice fly where many questioned whether Matt Holliday ever touched home plate, leaving Padre fans saying "Holliday never touched home!" The umpire of that game claimed that the catcher, Michael Barrett, was blocking the plate before he had possession of the ball. Therefore Holiday was ruled safe.
On November 15, Jake Peavy won the National League Cy Young Award by unanimous ballot. He was the fourth Padre to capture the pitching award.
The Padres entered the 2007–08 offseason with a number of questions, including the ability of Trevor Hoffman to close games past his 40th birthday, the ongoing inability to hold runners on base (the Padres' caught-stealing ratio in 2007 was one of the worst in baseball history), two holes in the back of the starting rotation, and the possible departure of Mike Cameron to free agency. The two holes in the rotation were filled by former Dodger Randy Wolf and Mark Prior and the club dealt for Jim Edmonds to replace Cameron. Additionally, Milton Bradley was signed by the Texas Rangers.
The Padres signed Mark Prior to a one-year deal in the off-season. Prior, a University of San Diego HS graduate (now Cathedral HS), joins a team that consists of players that were also local prep stars, Brian Giles (Granite Hills HS), Adrian Gonzalez (Eastlake HS), and Óscar Robles (Montgomery HS). Recent Padres teams had also included Dave Roberts (Rancho Buena Vista HS), David Wells (Point Loma HS), and Marcus Giles (Granite Hills HS).
2008–2009: Struggles.
The Padres started the 2008 campaign March 31, in San Diego against the Houston Astros, and won the series 3–1.
2007 All-Star Chris Young pitched in the second game of the season, a 2–1 win, and Trevor Hoffman, the game's all-time saves leader, wrapped up the ninth for the save. The Los Angeles Dodgers came into town and took two of three. 2007 Cy Young winner Jake Peavy picked up the only win during the Dodgers' series. At the end of the opening homestand, the Padres were 3–3.
The Padres traveled to San Francisco, hoping to fatten up on former manager Bruce Bochy's Giants, but the now-Bondsless bay dwellers took two of three. In Los Angeles, the Padres won two of three, pushing their record back to .500.
On April 17, 2008, during the series against the Colorado Rockies at PETCO Park, the Padres played the longest game in team history, in terms of innings (22), losing 2–1. The game was the second longest in team history, in terms of time, played in 6 hours, 16 minutes. Following that game, which sapped the team's bullpen strength, the Padres stumbled, dropping games at home, where they struggled to score runs, and on the road, where they committed uncharacteristic errors and failed to hold leads. Returning home after a humbling three-game sweep in Atlanta in early May, the Padres cut Jim Edmonds, the Cardinals castoff who had been brought in after the Padres failed to sign Mike Cameron to a new deal in the off-season. With former Indian Jody Gerut now in center, the Padres won the three-game weekend home series with the Rockies and motored to Chicago with the hopes of winning three of four to get the season back on track. Instead, the Cubs, with Jim Edmonds in center, won three of four and booted the Padres from the Windy City into an interleague series with the Mariners, their Peoria, Ariz. spring training neighbors. The Mariners used speed—and a late-inning burst of power from Adrián Beltré in one game—to win the series and shove the Padres deeper into their early-season hole. After sweeping the New York Mets in a four-game series that ended on June 8, the Padres climbed to 7 games back of first-place Arizona. The sweep put the Mets 7.5 games behind the first-place Philadelphia Phillies, sending the Padres and the Mets, expansion teams in the 1960s, in different directions. The Padres won two of three games in a series against the Dodgers at Petco Park. There was talk in San Diego that the Padres had a serious chance to get back in the race in a weak NL West. A road trip sent the Padres to play the Indians in Cleveland, where they lost two of the three games. During their final trip to Yankee Stadium, the site of Tony Gwynn's upperdeck World Series blast, the Padres were swept by the Yankees.
They returned to Petco and dropped two of three to the Tigers. They were then swept by the Twins and Mariners. Returning to National League competition did not help much, as Padres lost two of three in Colorado to the Rockies. Powered by former Diamondbacks outfielder Scott Hairston, the Padres won two of three in Arizona. The team could not sustain the momentum however and they lost two of three to the Marlins at Petco Park. In the last series before the All-Star break, the Padres lost two of three to the Braves. Adrian Gonzalez represented the Padres at the All-Star Game at Yankee Stadium, going 1–3 with an RBI. Gonzalez made a nice scoop on a throw from catcher Russell Martin during a tense moment late in the game but he struck out with a chance to drive in the go-ahead run late in the game. According to media reports, Gonzalez was asked during an All-Star game media session what it would take for the Padres to make the playoffs. He said 30 wins. When the interviewer asked if he thought that was possible, Gonzalez glared at the interviewer and did not answer the question.
On July 17, the Padres traded former San Diego State player Tony Clark to the Diamondbacks for minor league pitcher Evan Scribner. Following the All-Star break, the Padres continued to struggle, getting swept in a four-game series in St. Louis and losing two of three in Cincinnati. A trip to Pittsburgh proved to be the tonic the team needed. The Padres won three of four in the Steel City and during the series the Pirates traded former Padre underachiever Xavier Nady to the Yankees for prospects. Back home, the Padres won the first game of the series against the division-leading Diamondbacks. The win gave Greg Maddux 351 career wins and he tipped his hat to the crowd when he left with a lead. Late in August, the team parted ways with Greg Maddux by trading him to the Los Angeles Dodgers.
As this disastrous season started to come to a close, questions about the coaching staff started swirling like crazy. In mid-September, Hitting Coach Wally Joyner resigned due to the team's lackluster offense and a difference in philosophy with upper management (most notably, CEO Sandy Alderson). It seems that Joyner beat the Padres to the punch, as he was likely to be replaced at the end of the season. The team finished off a 63–99 season on September 28 with a 10–6 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates, finishing 5th in the NL West, 21 games behind the division leader Los Angeles Dodgers.
On September 29, the team renewed the contracts of Manager Bud Black, Pitching Coach Darren Balsley, Bullpen Coach Darrell Akerfelds, 3rd Base Coach Glenn Hoffman (brother of closer Trevor Hoffman) and 1st Base Coach Rick Renteria. Only Bench Coach Craig Colbert was not renewed and because of Wally Joyner's earlier resignation the team had no Hitting Coach to bring back. On October 10, the Padres offered Trevor Hoffman a $4 million salary for 2009 plus a $4 million club option in 2010 then on November 11 the Padres withdrew the $4 million offer to the all-time saves leader, making him a free agent.
The Padres opened 2009 April 6 versus the rival Dodgers at home, losing 4–1 and splitting the four-game series. They then swept the Giants, also at home in three games. Then they took 2 of 3 from the Mets to ruin the first series at Citi Field. In that series, Jody Gerut became the first player in major league history to open a new ballpark with a leadoff home run.
After the first three series, the Padres were tied with the Dodgers for first place at 7–3. After the hot start however, the Padres stumbled and were 25–25 as of May 31. Early in the season, the Padres acquired Tony Gwynn, Jr., son of franchise great Tony Gwynn, from the Milwaukee Brewers. San Diego finished 75–87, fourth in the NL West, only ahead of the Arizona Diamondbacks.
2010–11: The Jed Hoyer era.
Many preseason predictions picked the Padres in 2010 to finish the season in last place in the NL West. On August 25, however, the Padres were 76–49 and in first place with a game lead. A 10–game losing streak immediately followed. With a 3–0 loss on October 3, the final game of the season, the Padres were officially eliminated from playoff contention and the eventual World Series champion San Francisco Giants won the division. The Padres led the NL West for 148 days in 2010.
Adrian Gonzalez would have been in the last year of his contract in 2011, but the Padres were not going to meet Gonzalez’s open market value especially with Jeff Moorad’s purchase of the Padres from John Moores not completing until around 2013. On December 6, 2010, Gonzalez was traded to the Boston Red Sox for a package of right-handed pitcher Casey Kelly, first baseman Anthony Rizzo, outfielder Reymond Fuentes, and a player to be named later, later determined to be Eric Patterson.
After the 2011 season, general manager Jed Hoyer left the Padres to join the Chicago Cubs. Josh Byrnes was promoted from senior vice president of baseball operations to replace Hoyer.
Byrnes made two big trades in the offseason. He traded Rizzo to Hoyer's new club, the Cubs, in a four-player trade that brought right-hander Andrew Cashner to the Padres. Byrnes also traded young ace Mat Latos to the Reds for starting pitcher Edinson Volquez and prospects Yonder Alonso, catcher Yasmani Grandal and pitcher Brad Boxberger. Former Reds general manager Jim Bowden commented that the Padres clearly won the trade with the Reds, saying "In modern times, I can’t remember a trade that was this far lopsided."
2012.
In March 2012, Moorad withdrew his application to complete the full purchase of the Padres. He stepped down as CEO of the Padres later that month, but remained with the team as Vice-Chairman. Media outlets including "U-T San Diego", Fox Sports, and Associated Press speculated that Moorad was short of the needed support of 22 MLB team owners to complete the purchase of the Padres. Moores declared that the entire team was up for sale again in April, citing the good opportunity in the market after the record $2 billion sale of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
In August, MLB approved Moores' $800 million sale of the Padres to a group led by beer distributor Ron Fowler that included four heirs to the O’Malley family, who owned the Dodgers for five decades. The sale completed on or before August 28, 2012. As much as $200 million of the sale price includes the team's 20-percent stake in Fox Sports San Diego. Members of the O'Malley family include Kevin and Brian O'Malley, who are the sons of former Dodgers owner Peter O'Malley and grandsons of Walter O'Malley, the owner who moved the Dodgers west from Brooklyn after the 1957 season. Peter and Tom Seidler are the nephews of Peter O’Malley. Fowler was named the ownership group's executive chairman and was named the Padres representative in all league meetings. He was the first locally-based control person of the team since founding owner C. Arnholdt Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20907648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907648" title="Düm Tek Tek">
Düm Tek Tek

"Düm Tek Tek" is a song by Belgium born Turkish singer Hadise that was performed as the Turkish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia. 
The song was performed 9th at the first semi-final of the contest on 12 May, following Switzerland's Lovebugs with "The Highest Heights" and preceding Israel's Noa and Mira Awad with "There Must Be Another Way" and finished 2nd with 172 points. It was performed 18th at the final of the contest on 16 May, following Germany's Alex Swings Oscar Sings! with "Miss Kiss Kiss Bang" and preceding Albania's Kejsi Tola with "Carry Me in Your Dreams" and finished 4th with 177 points.
Release.
The song was revealed during TRT's special New Year's Eve party show, where the song premiered just after 2009 arrived in Turkey. The show was broadcast both online through TRT International and on television.
Reception.
In Belgium, "Düm Tek Tek" entered the Ultratop 50 (Flanders) at 36, where it stayed there for a week before dropping out the charts. It also entered the Ultratop 50 (Wallonia) at 27, marking Hadise first appearance on any Wallonia chart.
Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
"Düm Tek Tek" is the entry to represent Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 and was chosen by Turkish Radio and Television Corporation (TRT). Hadise had prepared three songs as candidates for the contest, which she submitted to TRT for consideration.
Hadise started off her promo tour in Malta, appearing on 5 popular television shows including the National Final of Malta in which their entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, What If We by Chiara, was chosen. Her second destination was National Final of Greece in which their entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, This Is Our Night by Sakis Rouvas, was chosen. Then she started her Balkan tour in Komotini, Greece. Her second stop was Skopje, Macedonia. She also visited Albania, Montenegro, Bulgaria, Romania and Moldova.
In a reaction about the first semi-final, Hadise said it is a miracle that she made it to the final although she was sick. In a reaction of her birth country Belgium not making it to the final, she said that she represents now both countries (Turkey and Belgium) and that she always felt that way.
The song finished the contest placing 4th with 177 points overall.
Style and lyrical content.
The lyrics of "Düm Tek Tek" were written by Hadise, Sinan Akçıl and Stefaan Fernande, while the music was composed by Sinan Akçıl. The song resembles the previous winning Turkish song "Everyway That I Can", in the sense that both are up-tempo songs with a Turkish flavor (though some consider it a kind of love song due to its lyrics). The song itself is performed in English, with the hook being in Turkish. "Düm Tek Tek" is a phrase formed by the Turkish music instrument darbuka, so it can't readily be translated into other languages, though it has been said that "boom bang bang" is one English equivalent. It has been described as a "rhythmic pattern of Turkish music which is similar to vals in western music". In the song "Düm Tek Tek" symbolizes heartbeats according to the song's lyrics:
Music video.
During the month of March, a music video for "Düm Tek Tek" was shot. Snippets of the "Düm Tek Tek" video were shown during news broadcasts on VRT and Vtm, in Belgium, showing Hadise dancing within flame-like figures. The version of the song featured in the music video differs to the original as it has a new, more lively beat. The music video was edited in several ways, resulting in three different versions of the video being presented to TRT; one of the three was later leaked onto the internet. The selected music video for "Düm Tek Tek" was set to premiere during the TRT news on March 15. However, the video release was postponed as it was said TRT was unable to decide; it was later revealed that TRT decided to send the video which was shot for TRT's New Year's Eve party show.
Controversy.
The music video for "Dum Tek Tek", was leaked on the internet, again the video was labelled as being too erotic, and was thought to be the reason why TRT didn't release the video, however Hadise's The manager Süheyl Atay denied these claims and was quoted as saying:
"TRT has no attitudes or enforcements restricting the productivity of the artist like it has never had up to now. The claims appearing on the Turkish press since 22nd March 2009 do not reflect the reality." Atay said that the montage process of the clip is still going on and the clip asserted to be the official one is only one of the 3 clip samples being delivered to TRT. "As can be understood from the quality of the images, that clip is not the final official version of the video clip. The process is going on, and the real clip will be made public by TRT as soon as possible." said Süheyl Atak.
Chart performance.
"Düm Tek Tek" topped the Belgium Flanders Chart and stayed at the top for 3 weeks, stayed in the list for 12 weeks. Also in Wallonia the song has reached #24 and stayed in the list for 5 weeks. In Greece Billboard Chart, the song spent 8 weeks on the chart with a peak position of #2. The song is also successful in Scandinavia. It charted in Swedish Singles Chart and reached there #12, in Finnish Official Download Chart it peaked #29. The song also reached #70 in the German Singles Chart #73 in the Swiss Singles Chart and #99 in the Dutch Singles Chart. In Russia, the song started being in rotation on May 28, and has peaked #400 in its first day. There, it succeeded to reach number #251. The song has also entered the UK Singles Chart in the May 30, with a peak position of #127. Due to the popularity of the song in the European countries' charts, the song succeeded to chart in Eurochart Hot 100 Singles and peaked there #64. "Düm Tek Tek" has not charted in the Turkish Charts yet. The song is playing on both the radios which play only Turkish music and plays only foreign music. So the song's charted list is unknown as it can be able to chart both of the Turkish Top 20 Chart and the Turkey Top 20 Chart.
After the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, "Düm Tek Tek" gained popularity on iTunes across Europe, in countries such as Denmark, France, Germany, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom, where the song entered the iTunes Top 100.
The ringtone of Düm Tek Tek already was a smash hit in Japan. On 5 August Hadise's Eurovision Song Contest entry will also be released on single in Japan. EMI Music Japan released a TV commercial and a Japanese Hadise website to promote the Belgian Turkish singer and make Düm Tek Tek a hit in the Japanese charts.
The ringtone charts in Japan already proved that the sound of Düm Tek Tek appeals to Japanese ears. On 5 August the song that finished fourth in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 will be released as a single in Japan. 
In order to promote the Belgian Turkish singer and her hit song Düm Tek Tek EMI Music Japan released the video clip of Düm Tek Tek and a Hadise TV commercial in Japan.
A cover version in Afrikaans was released in South Africa by Andriette.

</doc>
<doc id="20907655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907655" title="Dynamic Heroes">
Dynamic Heroes

, also known as and as Go Nagai manga heroes crossover collection - Dynamic Heroes, is a Japanese manga based in several works of Go Nagai, including most of his most famous robots, such as Mazinger Z, Getter Robot, Great Mazinger and UFO Robot Grendizer, and also several characters from other series such as Cutie Honey and Devilman. The artist of the manga is Kazuhiro Ochi and the design of the characters is based mostly in their anime incarnations.
It was originally published in monthly manga magazine "e-manga" from Kodansha, from June 2004 to July 2007. It has been later compiled in tankōbon, though the Japanese tankōbon have yet to be finished and fully print the series. It was also published in its entirety by d/visual in Italy and in Hong Kong and Taiwan by d/visual taipei, both versions covering all the original chapters, thus surpassing the Japanese tankōbon. A French edition has also been planned and printed by d/visual and was ready to be launched at the "Japan Expo 2008" in Paris, but due to an unknown situation, as of December 2008, the series has not been released for sale yet, even though two of the four volumes were already printed and have an ISBN.

</doc>
<doc id="20907661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907661" title="Still Doll">
Still Doll

"Still Doll" is the debut single from singer and cellist Kanon Wakeshima. The song was used as the ending theme for the anime adaptation of the manga series "Vampire Knight". The single peaked at #33 on the Oricon singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20907695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907695" title="The Second Bounce of the Ball">
The Second Bounce of the Ball

The Second Bounce of the Ball: Turning Risk into Opportunity is a non-fiction book about entrepreneurship, written by Sir Ronald Cohen and first published in 2007 by Weidenfield & Nicholson, London. The book discusses what takes to become a successful entrepreneur, and contains biographical anecdotes from the author and the company he founded, Apax Partners. The book’s title comes from Cohen’s incorrect belief that the second bounce of a ball is difficult to predict.
Reviews.
The book received positive reviews among the business literary critics. Robert Lenzner, editor of Forbes Magazine, refers to Cohen as a modern day version of Georges Doriot, one of the first American venture capitalists. In his review, he highlights the biographical aspect of the book, saying that it "is at bottom about how Cohen progressed from boutique investment banker earning fees on each transaction to the risky business of financing start-up companies, and from there to the more solidly rewarding buyout or private equity business." 
Jonathan Guthrie, from the Financial Times, disagrees. He says that the book "is not an autobiography. But it is one of the best books written on entrepreneurship in recent years." In the review, he stated that some of the advices provided in the book can be found in other business self-help books, but says that Sir Ronald's "analysis of entrepreneurship is broader and subtler than in most titles."

</doc>
<doc id="20907696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907696" title="Eddie Kearse">
Eddie Kearse

Paul Edward (Eddie) Kearse (February 23, 1916 – July 15, 1968) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Nicknamed "Truck", Kearse played for the New York Yankees in . In 11 career games, he had 5 hits in 26 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Kearse was born in San Francisco, California, and died in Eureka, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20907703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907703" title="Jeremiah Masoli">
Jeremiah Masoli

Jeremiah Taeatafa Masoli (born August 24, 1988) is an American football quarterback for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at the City College of San Francisco, University of Oregon and the University of Mississippi.
College career.
2008.
Masoli transferred from CCSF to the University of Oregon in 2008. In 2008 for the Ducks, Masoli emerged from the 3rd string quarterback to starter as injuries plagued the depth chart. He threw for 13 touchdowns and 5 interceptions, while also rushing for 10 touchdowns. His 714 rushing yards in 2008 set an Oregon record for quarterbacks. Masoli led the team to a 42-31 victory against Oklahoma State in the 2008 Holiday Bowl.
2009.
Masoli was named to the Davey O'Brien Award watch list for the 2009 college football season. He also appeared on the cover of a regional August 2009 issue of Sports Illustrated, along with center Jordan Holmes.
In October 2009, Masoli helped lead the Ducks to an upset over the then #5 USC Trojans with 222 passing yards, 164 rushing yards and two touchdowns.
Masoli helped the Ducks win the Pac-10 Championship, advancing them to the Rose Bowl where they lost to the Ohio State Buckeyes 26-17. Masoli was 9/20 passing with 81 yards and an interception, while rushing for 9 yards and a touchdown.
For the season, he completed 177 of 305 passes for 2,147 yards and 15 touchdowns, and ran for 13 scores. His 2,815 yards of total offense stands eighth on the school's single-season list.
2010.
On January 25, 2010, Masoli and teammate Garrett Embry were identified as suspects in a theft on the University of Oregon campus. On March 12, 2010, Masoli pled guilty to second-degree burglary, receiving 12 months probation. Masoli was then suspended for the entire 2010 season by head coach Chip Kelly.
In June, 2010, Masoli was cited for misdemeanor drug and traffic offenses, and was dismissed from the team. He later pled guilty to marijuana possession and a moving violation stemming from the traffic stop. Prior to his being kicked off the team, he would have been eligible to play in the 2011 season had he satisfied the requirements set forth by Kelly.
Media outlets reported on July 25, 2010, that Masoli had sent his scholarship release papers to a number of schools, notably Ole Miss. The report included Ole Miss rival Mississippi State, Hawaii, UNLV, Louisiana Tech, and Syracuse. Masoli would presumably be eligible to play in the 2010 season after completing his undergraduate degree at Oregon; he would need to enroll in graduate study not currently offered at Oregon in order to be eligible at the next institution.
On August 31, 2010, the NCAA denied Jeremiah Masoli's waiver for immediate eligibility at Ole Miss. In a press release, the NCAA stated that the transfer exception cited in Masoli's case is intended for students pursuing new academic study, not avoiding disciplinary punishments. Ole Miss appealed the decision, and school officials expected a response from the NCAA before Ole Miss's second game of 2010. Ole Miss coach Houston Nutt expressed his disagreement with the NCAA's ruling; some reports suggested that Masoli was likely to be named a team captain for 2010 given his eligibility. On September 3, 2010, the ad hoc NCAA Subcommittee for Legislative Relief granted Ole Miss's appeal, allowing Masoli to play immediately in the 2010 home opener versus Jacksonville State University.
For the season at Ole Miss, Masoli passed for 2039 yards (169 of 296, 13 INTs, 14 TDs); rushed 121 times for 544 yards and 6 TDs; and punted three times, averaging 43.7 yards per kick.
2011.
Competed in the Eastham Energy All-Star Game following his senior season where he completed 13-of-27 passes for a game-high 229 yards with one TD and no interceptions. He also rushed six times for 25 yards. At the Ole Miss Spring game on 4/9/11, Jeremiah Masoli was honored with the 2010 Leadership Award from the Birmingham Alumni Club.
Professional career.
NFL.
Masoli signed with the 49ers as an undrafted free agent, but was waived on August 22.
UFL.
On August 25, 2011, he signed with the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League.
CFL.
On April 10, 2012, Masoli signed with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He spent his first season in Edmonton injured. On February 5, 2013 Masoli was traded to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats as part of a five-player trade. He played in both preseason games leading into the 2013 CFL season, completing 6 of 13 attempts for 88 yards with no touchdowns or interceptions.
Legal issues.
In 2005, Masoli was incarcerated for three months at the Hillcrest Juvenile Hall in San Mateo, CA, for participating in a robbery. Members of his high school football team were also involved.
On the morning of January 24, 2010, a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house returned home and witnessed Masoli and teammate Garrett Embry leaving an area of the house near his room. When he realized a projector and two laptop computers were missing he took chase. The victim chased down Embry, who returned the projector and subsequently reported the incident to Eugene police. Police interviewed Masoli the next day, where he said he was not at the fraternity house. On March 12, 2010, Masoli pleaded guilty to second-degree burglary before Lane County Circuit Judge Maurice Merten, who sentenced Masoli to one year probation and 140 hours of community service. As part of the plea agreement, this charge was later reduced to a misdemeanor. Oregon head coach Chip Kelly immediately suspended Masoli for the 2010 football season, his senior year, but allowed him to remain on the team (he still had a redshirt season available).
On June 7, 2010, Masoli was pulled over by Springfield police for a traffic violation. After inspection Masoli was cited for driving with a suspended license, failure to stop, and possession of one ounce or less of marijuana. Two days later he was dismissed from the team for "failure to adhere to obligations previously outlined". Masoli later entered guilty pleas to both the marijuana and failure to stop charges (both non-criminal violations in Oregon).

</doc>
<doc id="20907721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907721" title="Mike's Super Short Show">
Mike's Super Short Show

Mike's Super Short Show is a former Disney Channel series of promotional advertisements made in the manner of a regular series which mainly promoted upcoming VHS/DVD releases from Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar, along with The Walt Disney Company's theme park properties.
About.
The program was formatted as a two-minute "series" in which Mike (Mike Johnson) and his sister Sally (Alyson Stoner) talked about upcoming and recent Disney home video film releases, both with theatrical films and direct-to-video titles such as the "Air Bud" franchise. It was started in 2002 by Art Spigel, produced by Jason Wolk and continued on until its end in 2007.
Promotional duties.
Most movies that were produced by The Walt Disney Company and Pixar Animation Studios, such as "The Incredibles", "The Haunted Mansion", and "The Little Mermaid", were featured on the series during Disney promotional breaks just prior to the home media launch of the respective film. From time to time, the show also provided a sneak-peek at events taking place at Walt Disney World in Orlando and Disneyland in California, such as the opening of a new ride or attraction.
Disney stars such as Amy Bruckner, Aly and AJ, Kyla Pratt, Ashley Tisdale, Raven-Symoné, Brenda Song, Christy Carlson Romano, The Cheetah Girls, Ricky Ullman, and Miley Cyrus appeared on the show during its run.
Follow-up shows.
When "Mike's Super Short Show" ended its run in 2007, it was replaced by the newscast-themed "Disney's Really Short Report", which ran until January 2009, being replaced by "Leo Little's Big Show", which is similar in format to "Mike's" and formerly aired on Disney Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20907759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907759" title="Javier Ramon Brito">
Javier Ramon Brito

Javier Ramon Brito is a composer, music healer and recording artist of Spiritual Healing Meditation New Age music. Brito, who was born in Mexico and has lived in the United Kingdom and Thailand, composes meditative music to nourish the soul, facilitate sacred connections and attain spiritual joy. His music promotes spirituality and holistic wellbeing. Brito has been influenced by the teachings of Kinesiology, Ayurveda, alternative medicine and other holistic disciplines. He is interested in music that can balance the meridians of the human body and composes music expressly for healing and meditation.He describes himself as an intuitive musician whose main concern is to foster spiritual awareness, healing and the emotional state of joy.
Personal Style.
His personal style combines the sounds of piano and western classical instruments with oriental sounds. He also incorporates angelic choirs, oriental vocals and special effects. He normally chooses to use vocals without linguistically spoken words, because he considers that this kind of music activates the brain’s right hemisphere (the intuitive one). In his view, it is essential for healing purposes to activate the intuitive hemisphere in order to balance the brain’s rational hemisphere, which is normally overtaxed by our modern lives.
Brito's compositions contain also specific rhythms that he considers appropriate to sooth and invigorate the meridians of the human body. These include not only oriental drum beats, but also swing and bossa nova. His New Age music, Ambient music or Contemporary instrumental music incorporates and blends ingredients of different musical styles - from baroque to pop- with harmonics of a defined and colorful oriental taste.

</doc>
<doc id="20907766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907766" title="Kelton House">
Kelton House

Kelton House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20907774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907774" title="Minuscule 53">
Minuscule 53

Minuscule 53 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 444 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th or 14th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 140 leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 29-33 lines per page. The initial letters in red ink. The manuscript is beautifully written. 
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is no a division according to the Ammonian Sections with references to the Eusebian Canons are absent. 
It contains Prolegomena, and subscriptions at the end of each Gospel.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx text in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It creates textual pair with 902.
Textually it is close to Minuscule 271.
History.
The name of scribe was probably Nicholaus (?). The manuscript was examined by John Mill (Selden 1). C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Selden Supra 28), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20907782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907782" title="1990s in the Republic of the Congo">
1990s in the Republic of the Congo

The 1990s in the Republic of the Congo, starting with a collapse of the People's Republic of the Congo single party government and the promise of multi-party democracy, gradually slid into political controversy, culminating in a 1997-99 Civil War.
After decades of turbulent politics, in 1992 Congo completed a transition to multi-party democracy. Ending a long history of one-party Marxist rule, a specific agenda for this transition was laid out during Congo's national conference of 1991 and culminated in August 1992 with multi-party presidential elections. Sassou-Nguesso conceded defeat and Congo's new president, Professor Pascal Lissouba, was inaugurated on August 31, 1992. 
Congolese democracy experienced severe trials in 1993 and early 1994. The President dissolved the National Assembly in November 1992, calling for new elections in May 1993. The results of those elections were disputed, touching off violent civil unrest in June and again in November. In February 1994 the decisions of an international board of arbiters were accepted by all parties, and the risk of large-scale insurrection subsided.
However, Congo's democratic progress derailed in 1997. As presidential elections scheduled for July 1997 approached, tensions between the Lissouba and Sassou camps mounted. The Congolese army, loyal to President Lissouba, attacked Sassou's compound in Brazzaville on June 5. While the Army said the operation was to search for arms, Sassou used the incident as a casus belli for armed insurrection, igniting a 4-month conflict that destroyed or damaged much of Brazzaville. Lissouba traveled throughout southern and central Africa in September, asking the governments of Rwanda, Uganda, and Namibia for assistance. Laurent Kabila, the new-President of the DRC, sent hundreds of troops into Brazzaville to fight on Lissouba's behalf. About 1,000 Angolan tanks, troops, and MiG fighter jets and arms donated by the French-government bolstered Sassou's rebels. Together these forces took Brazzaville and Pointe-Noire in the morning of 16 October. Lissouba fled the capital while his soldiers surrendered and citizens began looting. France had put its 600 citizens in Brazzaville, mostly oil workers, on alert for evacuation, but ultimately decided against the measure. Soon thereafter, Sassou declared himself president and named a 33-member government.
In January 1998 the Sassou regime held a National Forum for Reconciliation to determine the nature and duration of the transition period. The Forum, tightly controlled by the government, decided elections should be held in about 3 years, elected a transition advisory legislature, and announced that a constitutional convention would finalize a draft constitution. However, the eruption in late 1998 of fighting between Sassou's government forces and an armed opposition disrupted the transitional return to democracy. This new violence also closed the economically vital Brazzaville-Pointe-Noire railroad; caused great destruction and loss of life in southern Brazzaville and in the Pool, Bouenza, and Niari regions; and displaced hundreds of thousands of persons. However, in November and December 1999, the government signed agreements with representatives of many, though not all, of the rebel groups. The December accord, mediated by President Omar Bongo of Gabon, called for follow-on, inclusive political negotiations between the government and the opposition.

</doc>
<doc id="20907786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907786" title="Jardin botanique de l'Evêché">
Jardin botanique de l'Evêché

The Jardin botanique de l'Evêché (Botanical Garden of the Bishopric, 2 hectares), also known as the Jardin botanique de Limoges, is a botanical garden located behind the Cathedral and Musée de l'Evêché in Limoges, Haute-Vienne, Limousin, France. It is open daily without charge.
The garden was first established in the 18th century, with today's botanical garden created 1956-1961 and renovated in 1976. It occupies several terraces overlooking the Vienne River with gardens organized into French parterres. Today the systematic garden contains more than 1,200 plants, organized into groupings including medicinal plants; industrial and dye plants; food and condiments; fodder; and aromatic plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20907789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907789" title="SBB-CFF-FFS Em 3/3">
SBB-CFF-FFS Em 3/3

The SBB Em 3/3 is a diesel shunting locomotive of the Swiss Federal Railways. Between 1959 and 1963 a total of 41 units were manufactured.

</doc>
<doc id="20907797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907797" title="Jack Little (baseball)">
Jack Little (baseball)

William Arthur (Jack) Little (March 12, 1891 – July 27, 1961) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Little played for the New York Highlanders in . In 3 career games, he had 3 hits in 12 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
He attended Baylor University.
Little was born in Mart, Texas and died in Dallas, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20907807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907807" title="Anavryta Experimental Lyceum">
Anavryta Experimental Lyceum

The Anavryta Experimental Lyceum (), colloquially referred to simply as Anavryta, is an experimental, co-educational, public lyceum (students aged 16–18), located in the northern suburb of Maroussi in Athens, Greece. The same complex houses the Anavryta Experimental Gymnasium (students aged 13–15) as well. It was established in 1940, shortly before the beginning of the World War II, as the Anavryta Classical Lyceum.
History.
The former Anavryta Classical Lyceum was an elite Greek lyceum (originally a boys-only boarding school) that was established in 1940, shortly before Greece's entry into World War II, in order to provide education to the members of the Greek royal family and notable Athenian families. It was reestablished after the war in 1949. Since 1971 the school was named a "Lykeion Aristouhon" which only admitted students who had distinguished themselves in other schools. After several educational reforms in Greece the school lost its elitist character in 1976, but continued to have higher admissions standards until the end of the 80's.
The Anavryta Classical Lyceum was originally based on the educational principles of Kurt Hahn, and modelled on Hahn’s own creations the Schule Schloss Salem and Gordonstoun. The effort to create an elite high school in Athens inspired by Hahn’s principles had originated from King George II of Greece following the tradition of the Greek royal family, members of which had attended Hahn schools. The effort was supported by the Greek academic society mainly because of the strong relationship of Hahn’s theories with ancient Greek philosophy. The main goal of the Lyceum was to focus on the pursuit of the Hahnian ideals and the study of Greek classics.
The fate of the lyceum was closely tied with the Greek royal family, but the only king of Greece who actually graduated from the lyceum was Constantine II, in the class of 1958. The abolition of the monarchy in 1974, following a seven-year military junta, removed that association.
Under circumstances that followed in the next years and especially in the 1980s it was increasingly difficult for a public school to maintain an elitist approach in Greece. Anavryta lost its exclusive character, but remained a school with a solid reputation for academic excellence. Eventually at the end of 1991-1992 the school was prohibited from setting absolutely any kind of admission standards and requirements. Thus the lyceum completely lost its original characteristics.
The Anavryta experiment ended mainly because of the hostility that the democratic Greek governments have shown to what was considered to be the reminder of the previous regime and the complete transformation of Greek society in the decades that followed. Nevertheless the importance of the lyceum and its educational role cannot be underestimated. The impressive alumni of the Classical lyceum shows distinguished members since generations of spiritual leaders, academics, spokesmen, businessmen, and other prominent members of the Greek society had graduated from the Classical lyceum in the decades following 1940.
Buildings and facilities.
The complex is located in the Syngros forest. The building of the lyceum, though old, has a computers classroom, a Physics laboratory, a Chemistry and Biology laboratory, and a theatre. Outside the lyceum stands the billionaire Andreas Syngros' mansion (which is currently under repair), a theatre, the gymnasium, and many courts, used by both the gymnasium and the lyceum. The lyceum students have expressed their disapproval of the building, as it is old and needs repairing. In 2001-02 the gymnasium was repaired and this year (2008–09) the Sygros mansion is being repaired, something that implies that the lyceum is to be repaired too.
Students.
The complex (the lyceum and the gymnasium put-together) has a number of 630 students approximately. The school gets 3/4 of its students from graduates of the gymnasium, and the other 1/4 is drawn before the beginning of the school year. The students are usually successful in the nation-wide university entry exams because the school is the only public school in Greece, in which the Ministry of National Education chooses the teachers in order to meet special standards. Most of the teachers have a doctorate in their subject.
Lessons.
Most of the subjects are taught in Greek. There are some differences that the school has from other public lyceums in Greece. Students are free to choose from a variety of programmes including SAT, most of which carry out an excursion to another E.U. country. Students from abroad also visit the school). English is taught in levels ranging from 1 to 4, 4 being CPE level and 1 being basic English.

</doc>
<doc id="20907811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907811" title="Sacramento Metropolitan Fire District">
Sacramento Metropolitan Fire District

The Sacramento Metropolitan Fire District, is a special-purpose district that provides fire protection to the unincorporated areas of Sacramento County along with the cities of Rancho Cordova, Citrus Heights, and a small portion of Placer County. The agency is a combination of 16 smaller fire departments that merged. The last merger was December, 2000 when American River Fire and Sacramento County Fire merged into the Sacramento Metropolitan Fire District.
The 16 districts that merged are:
Arcade, Arden, Carmichael, Citrus Heights, Elverta, Fair Oaks, Florin, Mather Field, McClellan Field, Michigan Bar, Mills, North Highlands, Orangevale, Rancho Cordova, Rio Linda, and Sloughhouse
The Sacramento Metropolitan Fire District provides services through 42 stations and 750 uniformed and support personnel to nearly 600,000 people in a area. Metro Fire represents 16 predecessor fire agencies. Some of these fire agencies were founded in the early twenties to provide fire protection in remote parts of the County.
The varied demographics of the District provide opportunity for its personnel to respond to emergencies in rural, suburban and urban settings. The wide diversity of emergency incidents require firefighters to be proficient in wildland fire fighting, structural fire fighting, crash fire rescue, technical rescue, swift water rescue, hazardous material mitigation, and paramedic medical services.
The Sacramento Metropolitan Fire District "METRO FIRE" continues to provide fire protection, fire prevention, fire safety education, emergency medical aid, and other emergency response services.

</doc>
<doc id="20907813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907813" title="Greatest Hits, Volume 2 (Linda Ronstadt album)">
Greatest Hits, Volume 2 (Linda Ronstadt album)

Greatest Hits, Volume 2 is a hits compilation album from American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt. It was released in late 1980 on Asylum Records. The disc covers mostly Ronstadt's hard rocking singles. The album has sold close to two million copies in the United States alone and was Ronstadt's eighth consecutive Platinum certified album.
This album simply named "Linda Ronstadt" was under lincense released by Supraphon recording company in 1980 in communist Czechoslovakia, where it sold over 350,000 copies, considering it a major success.
This album has never been out of print. Additionally, a limited edition 24K gold CD issue was available for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="20907822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907822" title="Minuscule 54">
Minuscule 54

Minuscule 54 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 445 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1337 or 1338. It has complex contents and marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 230 leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 23-27 lines per page. Name of scribe was Theodosius. 
The text was broken up into paragraphs, beginning with red capital letters. The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, but no references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains synaxaria, Menologion, Eusebian Canon tables at the beginning, tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), pictures, and subscriptions at the end of the Gospels.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the Textual family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V. 
According to the Claremont Profile Method it has mixed Byzantine text in Luke 1 and Luke 10; in Luke 20 it represents Kx. It is related to the Π.
The manuscript was ancestor for the codices 47, 56, 58. Its text is familiar to the manuscript 171 and 109.
History.
The manuscript was written by Theodosius. In 1636 William Laud presented the manuscript to the Bodleian Library. It was examined by Mill (Selden 2) and Bentley. Bentley used it as codex κ. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Selden Supra 29), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20907832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907832" title="Roy Luebbe">
Roy Luebbe

Roy John Luebbe (September 17, 1900 – August 21, 1985) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Luebbe played for the New York Yankees in . In 8 career games, he had no hits in 15 at-bats. He batted right and left and threw right-handed.
Luebbe was born in Parkersburg, Iowa, and died in Papillion, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="20907837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907837" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania. 
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 7 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20907857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907857" title="The Wild Places">
The Wild Places

The Wild Places may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20907867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907867" title="Big Wow">
Big Wow

Big Wow is an alternative rock band formed in Chicago, Illinois. Big Wow consists of John Cline (vocals/guitars), Anne Malatesta (bass/vocals) and Ian Whitney (drums).
History.
Big Wow was formed in 1996 by guitarist John Cline, drummer Christopher Shooper, bass player Alex and winger Wendy “Dirty” Goldberg (from the Indiana punk band Pizzle). After the death by suicide of singer Wendy “Dirty” Goldberg in Spring of 1996, Big Wow remained a three piece unit receiving positive reviews from local press. 
They released their first single, "Music Saves", on Big Wow's label Leisure Productions, Ltd. in 1998, with the single "Savage Garden" recorded at Groovemaster Recording Studios and engineered by Johnny K. This was released again in June 2007 following an appearance at the semi-finals of the Emergenza Music Festival featuring the addition of “Imagine” (original engineering by Matt Talbott, Hum, 2002, at Great Western Recorders). Big Wow released two more EPs in 2008, “Dead Songs” and “One” (Leisure Productions, Ltd., recorded at Strobe Studios, Chicago).
"Imagine" has also been used as background music in a commercial (2006) for independent messenger bag maker Chicago Wig.

</doc>
<doc id="20907886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907886" title="Minuscule 55">
Minuscule 55

Minuscule 55 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 349 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 14th century. The manuscript has complex contents and some marginalia. It was adapted for liturgical use.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 349 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page. The capital letters in red.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin. 
It has Prolegomena to Matthew, lists of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") are placed before each Gospel, lectionary equipment on the margin ("incipits"), αναγνωσεις ("lessons"), synaxaria, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, with numbers of stichoi, and beautiful pictures. 
The manuscript containing also text Judges 6:1-24.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kr. Aland placed it in Category V. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Family Kr in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
History.
The manuscript was written by Γροιγοριου ιερομοναχου. 
The manuscript was examined by Mill (as Selden 3), Grabe, Scholz, Tischendorf, and C. R. Gregory in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Selden Supra 6), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20907889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907889" title="Utagawa Yoshitora">
Utagawa Yoshitora


</doc>
<doc id="20907891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907891" title="Mercury Men">
Mercury Men

Mercury Men can refer to several things.

</doc>
<doc id="20907894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907894" title="Logfia gallica">
Logfia gallica

Logfia gallica, (syn: Filago gallica), is a species of herbaceous plant. Its common names are narrowleaf cottonrose and daggerleaf cottonrose. It is in the Gnaphalieae tribe of the Sunflower (Asteraceae) family
The species has relatively long and stiff awl-shaped leaves.
Distribution.
"Logfia gallica" is native to the Mediterranean region, in Eurasia, North Africa, and Western Asia. 
It is widely introduced species, that has naturalized in western North America — from southwestern Oregon, throughout California including the Channel Islands, to northwestern Baja California, Mexico. The first known American collection was from Newcastle, California circa 1883. It had subsequently been collected throughout central California by 1935, and had spread to most of its present North American range by 1970. 
Elsewhere, it is also naturalized in South America, Hawaii, and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20907897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907897" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 7 properties listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20907907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907907" title="Phahrolrazi Zawawi">
Phahrolrazi Zawawi

Datuk Haji Phahrolrazi bin Haji Zawawi is a member of the Executive Council of the Malaysian state of Kedah, chairing the Committee for Rural Development, Entrepreneur and Public Works. He holds the State Assembly seat of Pengkalan Kundor for PAS.

</doc>
<doc id="20907913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907913" title="Jinder">
Jinder

Jinder (born 19 April 1981 in Oxfordshire, England) is an English singer/songwriter and formerly a Gibson endorsed guitarist. He is best known for his folk-and-country-influenced solo work, and his brief tenure as frontman of harmony-driven trio The Mercurymen. A musician from an early age, he turned his attention from piano to guitar at the age of 12, and began his career in songwriting in his early teens.
Solo work and Candlefire.
In the late 1990s, Jinder worked sporadically as a solo artist, before forming alt.indie four-piece Candlefire with Daniel Minshull, Rick Porter and Mark McComish. The band are best remembered for their UK chart single "Sorrow Spreads Its Wings", released by One Little Indian Records in 2002. The single entered the UK indie chart at #17, and the mainstream chart at #97, dropping out of the top 100 the week after. Following the band's departure from the label in 2003, Jinder left Candlefire in order to pursue other musical directions. During Jinder's time with Candlefire, he also continued his sporadic solo work, appearing live on a short solo tour and releasing solo recording "The Dusty Roads EP". Memorable Candlefire appearances under the management of David Duggan's Mostly Music Management include their by-request performance at Coldplay's aftershow party following their Madison Square Garden show in New York City.
Olas & Jinder and "The Best Of Days Ahead".
In the summer of 2003, Jinder joined forces with acclaimed singer/songwriter Nick Cull, AKA Olas, touring extensively together and releasing critically lauded duo album "The Best Of Days Ahead" as Olas & Jinder on independent label FrontSide Records in April 2004.
The album is currently out of print, but will be included in Din Of Ecstasy's forthcoming reissue campaign.
Return to solo work and the release of "Willow Park".
In summer 2004, Jinder amicably parted company with Cull and entered the studio to begin recording debut solo album "Willow Park". During this time, Jinder also toured in support of singer/songwriter Martin Grech, recording and releasing 'Road:Live EP', a five-track EP culled from various tapings of shows made during the Martin Grech tour. After nine months of recording, "Willow Park", Jinder's first full-length solo album, was released on ultra-hip indie label Folkwit Records in June 2005, drawing critical comparisons with The Blue Nile, Townes Van Zandt and Ryan Adams. The album posted excellent reviews and sales figures considerably higher than expected for a release on a small independent label. 2005 also saw Jinder touring extensively throughout the UK, making 23 festival appearances in the course of over 200 live dates played in support of the album.
"I'm Alive".
In 2006, Jinder kept up the intensity of his live schedule, and also recorded sophomore solo album "I'm Alive", produced by former Candlefire collaborator Stephen Darrell Smith. Released in May 2006, just 11 months after "Willow Park", the album showcased Jinder's understanding of Americana, and displayed a more bluegrass and country/folk influenced direction. "I'm Alive" garnered even more critical plaudits than its predecessor, also finding extensive support and playlisting at regional radio stations around the UK. The album turned out to be the last that Jinder would record for Folkwit Records, with Jinder amicably parting company with the label in late 2006 to begin establishing Din Of Ecstasy, his own record label.
"Twenty Four Hours".
In early 2007, whilst still in the process of setting up his record company Din Of Ecstasy, Jinder reacted to his new freedom to record and release whatever and however he wished by setting himself a new challenge. The challenge was to write, record, package, press and release an entire new album within 24hrs. Starting work at 8am on a Sunday in early January 2007, the record came together quickly, with ten songs being written within seven hours. Recording began at 3:30pm after a short break, and was wrapped up by 7pm. The artwork took a further two hours to complete, and twenty five copies were pressed up and made available to buy via the internet by 11:30pm, meaning the entire project was finished, from conception to commercial release, within 13 hours...It has yet to be established whether this is the fastest production and release of an album to date.
"Twenty Four Hours" was soon pressed in greater number, but is currently out of print. It will be part of Jinder's scheduled re-issue of his entire back catalogue on Din Of Ecstasy.
"The Three EPs".
Summer of 2007 also saw the limited-edition release of "The Three EPs", a compilation of Jinder's first three EP releases- "The Dusty Roads EP" from 2001, "Road:Live EP" from 2004, and the street-team-only "The Years Of Winter EP" from 2005. Also included as a bonus track was Jinder's elegiac take on the standard "Always on My Mind", originally taken from a various artists compilation, "Eccentric Elvis", released in support of children's hospice charity Julia's House in 2005.
"The Three EPs" is currently out of print, but will be part of Jinder's scheduled re-issue of his entire back catalogue on Din Of Ecstasy.
The Mercurymen.
In the summer of 2006, following the sessions for "I'm Alive", Jinder joined forces with fellow singer/songwriters Gavin Wyatt and Simon Johnson to form harmony-driven trio The Mercurymen. Stylistically influenced by the likes of Crosby, Stills & Nash, Richard Thompson and John Martyn, but driven by a folk-pop sensibility, the band recorded debut release "The Keep Me in Your Heart EP" in 2007, which was given a soft release by Flying Sparks Records in October of that year, but is currently out of print.
In early 2008, The Mercurymen were signed by Sony BMG to their Arista/RCA imprint, and began work on their debut album "Postcards From Valonia", which would be Jinder's sixth album, and was scheduled to be released in 2009, but alas the release was never to come to fruition, following the band's departure from Sony BMG in November 2008. The band toured extensively in 2008, playing just under 150 shows, including touring with Deacon Blue, Melody Gardot, Level 42, Sinéad O'Connor and more, along with several memorable festival appearances, including an incendiary show at The Tartan Heart Festival at Belladrum, Scotland, and a lengthy headline tour of small venues during the summer.
The Mercurymen parted company amicably in July 2009, due in equal part to time constrictions placed upon the group by individual commitments, and the parting of ways from Sony BMG the previous November.
"Nine Cents From Benelux" and the return to solo work.
January 2009 saw Jinder return to the studio to complete new album "Nine Cents From Benelux" which was released through Din Of Ecstasy Records on 29 June 2009. On completion of the record, Jinder embarked upon a solo UK tour, sharing a bill with fellow singer/songwriters Marcus Bonfanti and Lotte Mullan, which saw the three artists playing various venues on the UK roots music circuit. The tour drew excellent turnouts and garnered extensive praise in the media.
Following the release of "Nine Cents From Benelux", Jinder continued to tour extensively, promoting the album with a UK headline tour and various radio appearances. To date, "Nine Cents From Benelux" is Jinder's best selling solo album, outselling his entire back catalogue 2:1.
"Crumbs of Comfort".
Following an extended period of seclusion in 2010 and 2011 spent writing the followup to "Nine Cents From Benelux" and starting a family, Jinder announced in March 2012 that his long-awaited eighth album was completed, and would be released as a limited edition digipak CD via his website on 2 April 2012, before seeing a major international release via Mighty Village/Universal on 11 June.
The album was critically acclaimed as "a calculated lunge forwards", with highly developed lyrical themes and string-drenched arrangements.
However, "Crumbs Of Comfort", whilst a resounding success on an artistic and critical level, proved to be Jinder's last release for Universal, and 2012 became the first year in 12 years without a major Jinder tour, the artist opting to take a six month sabbatical in order to regroup, get well and focus on his young family following the disappointment of "Crumbs Of Comfort".
The Mercurymen reunion.
In January 2013, a press release claimed that The Mercurymen were to return to live and studio work following a four year hiatus. A short six-date reunion tour was booked and the band played to rapturous audiences across the UK, debuting new material and playing the highlights of their previous releases "Postcards From Valonia" and "The Keep Me In Your Heart EP". To date there is no indication that a new release is in the offing but the band remain "open minded" to future collaborations.
New Album.
At the end of February 2014, it was announced via Jinder's social media platforms that a new album was in the final stages of mixing and is scheduled for release in May/June. Billed as the first Jinder album recorded entirely to tape, the songs from the album that have been previewed at live shows have displayed a far darker and more intense aspect than those from the relatively pastoral "Crumbs Of Comfort". As yet untitled, Jinder has taken the unusual step of asking fans via Facebook and Twitter to contribute album title suggestions.
Unreleased albums.
To date, Jinder has recorded ten albums, two of which remain unreleased. One is "Brother Flower: Jinder Sings The Songs Of Townes Van Zandt", an album of songs written by the aforementioned legendary Texan singer/songwriter. The album was cut in 2005, but has yet to see general release. It is being considered for release as part of a Jinder re-issue campaign by Din Of Ecstasy. Also unreleased is an album of random and unexpected covers, recorded by Jinder under the name "P.R. Dewhurst" in 2006. Some copies are in circulation, but it has never seen general release.

</doc>
<doc id="20907926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907926" title="PZL-126 Mrówka">
PZL-126 Mrówka

__NOTOC__
The PZL-126 Mrówka () is a Polish agricultural aircraft first flown in 1990. It is a diminutive low-wing monoplane of conventional if stubby appearance with a T-tail, an enclosed cabin and fixed, tricycle undercarriage. Significant parts of the design were undertaken by students at the training college attached to the PZL plant at Okęcie under the direction of Andrezj Słocinski, with the whole project treated initially as a platform for design innovation. Initial design work was completed in 1982 and detail work the following year. Plans to fly a prototype by 1985 were delayed by revisions to the aircraft's equipment, although a mockup was displayed at an agricultural aviation exhibition at Olsztyn that August. Legislation to outlaw certain agricultural chemicals was under consideration in Poland in the late 1980s, spurring interest in biological agents as an alternative and making a tiny aircraft like the Mrówka feasible as a useful piece of agricultural equipment.
The prototype was eventually flown on 20 April 1990. After initial testing, the design was revised and the prototype rebuilt as the PZL-126P, flying in this configuration on 20 October 2000. Flight testing commenced in 2003 and was still underway in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20907930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907930" title="Minuscule 56">
Minuscule 56

Minuscule 56 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 517 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on paper leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 15th century. The manuscript has complex contents. It has complex contents and some marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 232 paper leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin (also in Latin), with some ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. 
It contains Prolegomena to the Gospel of Mark and Luke, lists of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, αναγνωσεις ("lessons"), titles to the Gospels, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, with numbers of στιχοι (only in John), and numbered paragraphs.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland did not assign it to any Category of New Testament manuscripts. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kr in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20. It creates textual cluster with 58. It means it has a strict the Byzantine text. 
The text contains some various readings. According to C. R. Gregory it is a sister or daughter of the codex 54.
In John 8:6 it has textual reading και προσποιουμενος.
History.
The manuscript was written by John Serbopoulos in England. In 1502 it was presented to the Lincoln College by Edmund Audley, Bishop of Salisbury, where it is housed until to the present day, under shelf number Gr. 18, at Oxford.
Walton gave some various readings. It was examined by Mill (Lincoln 1), Orlando T. Dobbin, and Scrivener. Dobbin compared its readings with Codex Montfortianus and 58 in 1922 places. Pascoe detected 34 omissions for four chapters. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="20907939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907939" title="Pristimantis">
Pristimantis

Pristimantis is a frog genus from northern South America and adjacent regions. 
"Pristimantis" is regarded the most speciose genus of vertebrates, with over 400 species. 
It is part of the family Strabomantidae, which was recently recognized as being distinct from the saddleback toads (Brachycephalidae), where the "Strabomantis" had formerly been classified. The genus "Pristimantis" itself was long included in the massive genus "Eleutherodactylus", and considered part of the Leptodactylidae family.
Distribution.
As C. Michael Hogan and the World Wildlife Fund have noted, a large number of the species within this genus are endemic to the Northwestern Andean montane forests ecoregion in northwestern South America.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="20907965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907965" title="Brenell Engineering">
Brenell Engineering

Brenell Engineering Ltd. was a British manufacturer of audio electronics, in particular professional quality reel-to-reel tape decks. 
The company was founded in 1947 by Robert Hahn and Peter Glazer, as a small precision engineering company based in Northington Street, Clerkenwell. In 1953 the company produced its first tape recorder and went on to become a leading manufacturer of bespoke tape decks, including multi-track studio machines. 
After a series of financial setbacks, the company was formally dissolved in January 1984. 
All of The Beatles had Brenell tape recorders installed in their homes. These were used to make various tape loops and other recordings that eventually found their way onto several Beatles recordings, such as Tomorrow Never Knows.

</doc>
<doc id="20907966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907966" title="Minuscule 57">
Minuscule 57

Minuscule 57 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 255 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century.
The manuscript is lacunose. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains entire of the New Testament except the Book of Revelation on 291 parchment leaves (size ), with two lacunae (Mark 1:1-11 and at the end). The leaves are arranged in quarto (four leaves in quire). The text is written in one column per page, 25 lines per page. Psalms and Hymns follow Epistles.
The initial letters and headpieces are illuminated. It has accents and breathings, the nomina sacra are written in and abbreviated way. It is written in small beautiful letters with an abbreviations. The initial letters in gold.
It contains lists of the ("tables of contents") before the Gospels of Matthew, Luke, and John. The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles") at the top of the pages. It contains lectionary markings at the margin in red (for liturgical use), but added by a later hand).
The order of books: Gospels, Acts, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles, Psalms, and Hymns.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The manuscript was written in Constantinople, in the 3rd quarter of the 12th century, with additions up to the end of the 14th century including a note relating to Epeiros.
Walton used it for a Polyglot (as Magd. 1). Henry Hammond collated the manuscript twice. It was also examined by Wettstein (in 1715), Orlando T. Dobbin (for John Mill), and C. R. Gregory (in 1883).
It is currently housed in at the Magdalen College (Gr. 9), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20907981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907981" title="Panaitan">
Panaitan

Panaitan (Prinsen, or Prince's Island; sometimes also Princess Island) (1450 m) is an island in the Sunda Strait, between Java and Sumatra. It is the largest island in the strait, and is located near the westernmost tip of Java (Java Head). Like the nearby Krakatoa, it too is volcanic in origin, although there are no known historic eruptions. The name 'Prince's Island' apparently is because the island was considered the property of Javan princes. Administratively, the island is a part of Pandeglang Regency.
Panaitan did not suffer as badly from the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa as many of the other islands in the area did, only the north and eastern parts of the island were hit by the tsunamis, but only about 55 bodies were found later. These included a hajji with royal permission to cut wood and about 50 squatters. 
The island is the location of multiple world class surfing waves.
It covers roughly 170 square kilometers.
References.
Simkin & Fiske: "Krakatau 1883: The Volcanic Eruption & Its Effects" (1983)

</doc>
<doc id="20907998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20907998" title="Fred Optical Engineering Software">
Fred Optical Engineering Software

Fred Optical Engineering Software (FRED) is a commercial 3D CAD computer program for optical engineering used to simulate illumination through optical systems. Fred can handle both incoherent and coherent light using Gaussian beam propagation. The program offers a high level of visualization using a WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) parametric interface. According to the publisher, Photon Engineering, the name "Fred" is not an acronym, and does not mean anything.
Fred allows for non-sequential raytracing with support to raytrace on up to 16 cores. Fred also features a downhill simplex optimizer where the user can specify variables, merit function and multiple targets for optimization. The program can import both IGES and STEP CAD formats. Fred is also compatible with other hardware measured light source measurement software such as ProSource. Fred can also interact with MATLAB and Mathematica using an OLE Automation Client/Server interface.
Fred was used in the design of the NOAO's Large Synoptic Survey Telescope.
Fred is available in two commercial and two educational editions.

</doc>
<doc id="20908004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908004" title="Minuscule 58">
Minuscule 58

Minuscule 58 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 518 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 15th century.
The manuscript has complex contents. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 342 leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 20-21 lines per page. Name of scribe Joannes Serbopulos. According to Scrivener it is carelessly written.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin (also in Latin), and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the Ammonian Sections, but this system is used only partially.
It contains prolegomena, lists of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, αναγνωσεις ("lessons") at the margin, synaxaria, and subscriptions (only in Mark).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kr text in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20. Ii creates textual cluster with 56.
C. R. Gregory noticed that it is close to the manuscripts Minuscule 47, 54, 56, 61.
History.
The manuscript was written by John Serbopoulos (possibly copied from 54). It once belonged to John Hopkins in London.
Ussher collated it for Walton's Polyglotte. It was examined by Mill (Nov. coll. 1), Wettstein in 1715, Dobbin, and C. R. Gregory (in 1883). Dobbin compared its readings with Codex Montfortianus and 56 in 1922 places. Gregory expressed the opinion that codices 47, 56, 58 are in the same hand, and one of them copied from 54.
It is currently housed in at the New College (68), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20908025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908025" title="Anderberg">
Anderberg

Anderberg is a Swedish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20908045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908045" title="Minuscule 59">
Minuscule 59

Minuscule 59 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 272 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. It has complex contents and some marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 238 leaves (size ) with lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, 23 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, but no references to the Eusebian Canons.
It was carelessly written, and exhibits no less than 81 omissions by "homoioteleuton".
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland did not place it in any Category. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents Kx text in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 it has mixed Byzantine text.
It has some unusual textual variants. In Matthew 23:35 phrase ("son of Barachi'ah") is omitted; this omission is supported only by Codex Sinaiticus, three Evangelistaria (ℓ "6", ℓ "13", and ℓ "185"), and Eusebius.
History.
The manuscript once belonged to the House of Friars Minor at Oxford. In 1567 Thomas Hatcher gave it to Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge (not 1867, as Scrivener wrote). It was examined by Mill, Wettstein (in 1716), minutely collated by Scrivener in 1860. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.
It is currently housed in at the Gonville and Caius College (Ms 403/412), at Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20908056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908056" title="M. K. Turk">
M. K. Turk

M. K. Turk (May 20, 1942 – December 6, 2013) was an American college basketball coach and player.
A native of Bardwell, Kentucky, Turk played basketball at Carlisle County High School from 1957 to 1960. He was the junior captain and an all-state JUCO player at Copiah-Lincoln Community College from 1960 to 1962. Turk later played for Livingston University in the now-defunct Alabama Collegiate Conference from 1963 to 1964. He was the lead scorer on his team. Livingston University named him Most Valuable Player and Most Outstanding Athlete. He was also recognized by Who's Who Among Students in American Universities and Colleges.
After his graduation, he was the graduate assistant coach for Livingston University from 1964 to 1965. From 1965 to 1967, he coached at Cobb County High School in Cobb County, Georgia. He returned to Livingston University to be the assistant coach from 1967 to 1968. From 1968 to 1974, he was the athletic director and head basketball coach at Copiah-Lincoln Community College. His team was named third in the nation and were Region VII champions in 1973. The National Junior College Athletic Association named him the Regional Coach of the Year in 1973. He then acted as the assistant basketball coach at Memphis State University from 1974 to 1976.
He was head coach of the University of Southern Mississippi Golden Eagles from 1976 to 1996. In 1986, he was named the Metro Conference Coach of the Year. He appeared at the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) six times and took the championship in 1987, making Southern Mississippi University the first Mississippi Division 1-A school to win a national basketball award. The same year, he was named the NIT Coach of the Year. He appeared at the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship in 1990 and 1991. In 1991, the team was ranked among the top 25 college basketball teams in the United States, and Mississippi sportswriters named him Coach of the Year. The team won the Metro Conference Tournament championship in 1995. During his time coaching at Southern Mississippi, his teams accumulated a total of 301 wins and 266 losses, making him the winningest men's basketball coach in the history of the school.
In 1981, Turk was inducted to the Livingston University Athletic Hall of Fame, and then to the Copiah-Lincoln Community College Athletic Hall of Fame in 1987. In 1991, he was inducted to the Southern Mississippi Athletic Hall of Fame. In 2005, Turk was inducted to the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame.
Turk died on December 6, 2013, at the age of 71. He was survived by his wife, Katrina, and their two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20908059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908059" title="Teatro de la Zarzuela">
Teatro de la Zarzuela

The Teatro de la Zarzuela is a theatre in Madrid, Spain. The theatre is today mainly devoted to zarzuela (the Spanish traditional musical theatre genre), as well as operetta and recitals.
History.
The theatre was designed by architect Jerónimo de la Gándara and executed by José María Sánchez Guallart, thanks to the initiative of the Spanish Lyrical Company, in order to have room for performances of operettas in the capital of Spain. Modeled on the La Scala theatre in Milan, shaped like a horseshoe with three levels of boxes, it was opened to the public on 10 October 1856, on the birthday of Queen Isabella II, providing a venue for "Zarzuela Theatre", which combines spoken scenes with scenes that include song and dance. Its promoters were established masters of the time such as Francisco Asenjo Barbieri, Rafael Calleja Gómez, Joaquín Gaztambide, Rafael Hernando, José Inzenga, baritono Francisco de Salas, librettist Luis de Olona and composer Cristóbal Oudrid, under Francisco de las Rivas, an important banker.
During the second half of the nineteenth century, the theatre became the central place where they interpreted masterpieces of the genre and staged them to the public eye. The city's long absence of an opera theatre, during the closure of the Teatro Real up until 1997, the Teatro de la Zarzuela was Madrid's theatre where most major opera performances were shown. The resident orchestra of the theatre is the Community of Madrid Orchestra. On 9 November 1909, the building was virtually destroyed by fire, and rebuilt by Cesareo Iradier with less wood and metal. In 1914, maestro Luna raised the curtain to reopen the theatre together with his orchestra.
Originally the ceiling of the hall was decorated with magnificent sets of works by the painters Francisco Hernández Tomé and Manuel Castellanos, but these were eventually destroyed during renovations and structural changes in 1956, when it was bought then by the Sociedad General de Autores de España, although it lost much of the facade and interior ornaments. Later it became the property of the state. In 1984, the Ministry of Culture, with the absence of an opera house in Madrid, expanded the range of activities, besides the zarzuela and opera, to dance and flamenco as well. In 1998, after the declaration that the building was National Memorial, it was remodeled once more, regaining much of its original structure and form, being exclusively used for Spanish poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="20908076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908076" title="University of Washington College of Built Environments">
University of Washington College of Built Environments

The College of Built Environments (CBE) at the University of Washington in Seattle is the new name, as of January 1, 2009, of the college formerly called the College of Architecture and Urban Planning. The old name was adopted in 1957-58 when the college had only two departments, architecture and planning. Today, however, the College of Built Environments is made up of four Departments, Architecture, Construction Management, Landscape Architecture and Urban Design & Planning, and houses two interdisciplinary Ph.D. degrees, as well as several interdisciplinary centers and institutes. The new name reflects the integrated approach to planning, design and construction that will be necessary to take on the 21st century global challenges of urbanization and climate change.
History.
The College of Built Environments traces its history to 1914, when the Department of Architecture was founded (initially as a subdivision in a College of Fine Arts). The Department grew slowly and focused strictly on architecture until the early 1940s when a city planning curriculum was inaugurated. After the Second World War, the architecture and planning programs grew rapidly. The College of Architecture and Urban Planning was established in 1957; Arthur Herrman was the first Dean. Architecture and Urban Planning (now Urban Design and Planning) were established as separate Departments within the CAUP by 1961; Landscape Architecture and Building Construction (now Construction Management) were established as Departments later in the 1960s. Other programs were added in the last forty years, most recently the Ph.D. in the Built Environment in 2003, and the Master of Science in Real Estate in 2009. In 2007 the faculty of the college began searching for a new name. The Regents of the University of Washington approved the name in fall 2008. The College of Built Environments name became official in January 2009.
Facilities.
The College is housed in Gould Hall (named after Carl F. Gould, founder and first head of the Department of Architecture), Architecture Hall (constructed 1907-9 to serve as a chemistry building, but used during the A-Y-P Exposition as the Fine Arts Palace), and several smaller structures. 
The College has several facilities for supporting the work of students, faculty, and staff, including the Digital Commons (which houses Computing Services for the College), and the Visual Resources Collection.
Departments and Programs.
The four CBE departments offer degrees in architecture (B.A. in architecture studies, M.Arch., M.S. in Architecture), landscape architecture (B.L.A., M.L.A.), construction management (B.S. and M.S. in Construction Management), and urban planning (B.A. in Community, Environment, and Planning [http://cep.caup.washington.edu/], M.U.P., and M.S.R.E.). The College offers a college-wide Ph.D. in the Built Environment, and participates in an interdisciplinary Ph.D. in Planning. Two interdisciplinary certificate programs are shared by multiple departments across the college: Urban Design and Historic Preservation.
In October 2012 the college-wide Built Environments Student Council (BESC) held its first meeting. Including undergraduate and graduate representatives from each department as well as from the two doctoral programs, the 10-member council is committed to facilitating interdisciplinarity, to gathering, formulating, and articulating student interests and concerns, and to communicating through a unified voice to college faculty and staff, in addition to the greater UW community. An official liaison between college administration and students, the BESC reflects a commitment to increased student governance at the college.

</doc>
<doc id="20908085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908085" title="Rich Herrin">
Rich Herrin

Rich Herrin (born April 6, 1933) is a college basketball coach at Morthland College. He was head coach of the Southern Illinois University Salukis men's basketball team from 1985 to 1998. He was also one of the most successful high school basketball coaches in Illinois history, at Benton High School (Rangers), where he coached numerous renowned players, including former NBA and Olympic star, Doug Collins, Saint Louis University Walk-On Legend "Jumpin" Joe Durham, as well as former Georgia Tech great, Richard Yunkus. After SIU he coached at Marion Illinois for some time before retiring in 2007. He started coaching again in 2012 for upstart Morthland College program.
Herrin, the son of a Methodist minister in Bridgeport, played high school basketball on Tuesday, Friday and Saturday nights. Games were not scheduled on Wednesdays back then because most churches had services on that night of the week. Rich won 7 varsity letters in high school and 11 letters at McKendree College in Lebanon. 
Rich had four undefeated teams in regular season play – 1966, 1967, 1971 and 1975. His Benton teams won 8 South Seven conference championships and finished second twice. Three Ranger teams advanced to the Elite 8 and four others lost out in a photo finish. 
Rich’s brother Ron started his coaching career at Freeburg and then moved on to Olney.

</doc>
<doc id="20908088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908088" title="Guerra a muerte">
Guerra a muerte

Guerra a muerte (lit. English: "War until the death") is a term coined by Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna and used in Chilean historiography to describe the irregular, no-quarter warfare that broke out from 1819 to 1821 during the Chilean War of Independence. After the royalists had been expelled from all cities and ports north of the Bio-Bio River, Vicente Benavides organized royalist resistance in La Frontera with the aid of Mapuche chiefs. The aid of the Mapuches was vital to the royalists since they had lost control of all cities and ports north of Valdivia. Most Mapuches valued the treaties they had with the Spanish authorities, however many other Mapuches regarded the matter with indifference and played both sides against each other. The Pincheira brothers, a future outlaw group, served Benavides in the Guerra a muerte by defending the Cordillera.

</doc>
<doc id="20908090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908090" title="Minuscule 60">
Minuscule 60

Minuscule 60 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1321 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1297. It has complex contents, marginalia are incomplete.
Description.
The codex contains complete text of the four Gospels on 291 leaves (size ). The text is written elegantly in one column per page, 24-26 lines per page.
The text is divided according to ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text is also divided into the Ammonian Sections, but curiously no references to the Eusebian Canons on a margin of the text.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian Tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, and pictures. It has a few scholia from Arethas. 
Together with the codex 2821 it belongs to the same manuscript. Folios 4-294 belong to the codex 60, folios 295-316 – to the codex 2821.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V. 
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster 1685, and it is closely related to Kx.
History.
Micheal ο μαντυλιδης wrote this manuscript for Georg τον μουγδουφον. The manuscript once belonged to Bishop Moore (along with minuscule 440), after his death in 1714 to King George I, who gave it to the Cambridge University. 
It was examined by John Mill (as Moori 1), Richard Bentley (as o'), and Franz Delitzsch. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.
It is currently housed in at the Cambridge University Library (Dd. 9.69, fol. 4–294), at Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20908095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908095" title="Button (name)">
Button (name)

Button is an English surname of an Old French origin that was introduced after the 1066 Norman Conquest. It is an occupational name for people involved in the manufacture or sale of buttons, derived from the Old French word "bo(u)ton". Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Fictional characters:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="20908097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908097" title="Right Brain Resource">
Right Brain Resource

Right Brain Resource- headquartered in Portland, Oregon Right Brain is a privately held staffing company. Founded in 2004 by Dan Garriott, the company is a top provider of creative staffing in the United States. Right Brain Resource also recruits, screens, selects, and places employees in all areas of marketing, advertising, technical (IT) and public relations (PR).With the introduction of the "talent economy" in the late 1990s, Right Brain emerged as an outspoken supporter of the creative community by holding networking events, conducting portfolio reviews and offering career counseling to its members.
Services.
Right Brain Resource was acquired by NexSys Group in June 2012.
Customer base.
Customer base includes multinational corporations such as Apple Inc., Logitech, Burgerville, Nike, Inc., Adidas, Eddie Bauer, Intel, Leatherman, The Portland Art Museum and Wieden+Kennedy, The Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) and LaCie.
Divisions.
Right Brain specializes in recruiting and placing skilled technical professionals including: engineers, designers and drafters, technicians, and design specialists.
"Right Brain CE" specializes in recruiting and placing skilled technical professionals in engineering, design, drafting, and technical writing positions with large aerospace, defense, medical device, architectural, engineering, electronics, and manufacturing companies.
"Right Brain Professional Services" provides administrative and other professional staffing to the call center, mortgage banking, accounting and finance industries.

</doc>
<doc id="20908107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908107" title="Asmussen">
Asmussen

Asmussen is a Danish patronymic surname.
People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20908132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908132" title="Tommy Joe Eagles">
Tommy Joe Eagles

Tommy Joe Eagles (April 3, 1949 – July 30, 1994) was the head basketball coach of the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs from 1985 to 1989 and the Auburn Tigers from 1989 to 1994. He was head coach of the University of New Orleans men's basketball team at the time of his early death.
Eagles played basketball and graduated in 1967 from Doyline High School in Doyline in south Webster Parish, Louisiana. He was one of three children of the late Edward P. and Juanita W. Eagles. His siblings are M. E. "Bo" Eagles, a businessman from Houston, Texas, and Anita E. Darbonne of Minden, the seat of Webster Parish.
Before his coaching stint at Louisiana Tech, Eagles served as head coach at Cedar Creek High School in Ruston and Simsboro High School in Simsboro, both in Lincoln Parish.
Each year, Louisiana Tech University presents the Tommy Joe Eagles Award to the member of the Louisiana Tech Men's Basketball team who shows the best all-around combination of work ethic, academic ability, character, and attitude. Past recipients include Brian Martin (2004) and Shawn Oliverson (2010).
Auburn University presents the Paul Lambert/Tommy Joe Eagles Memorial Trophy for Leadership, the most prestigious award of the men's basketball program, at the end of each season. Past recipients include current Assistant Coach at Nebraska Wes Flanigan (1996, 1997) and Daymeon Fishback (2000).

</doc>
<doc id="20908136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908136" title="1996 ABC Under-18 Championship">
1996 ABC Under-18 Championship

The ABC Under-18 Championship 1996 is the 14th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at Johor Bahru, Malaysia from September 1–10, 1996.
Awards.
All-Star Team:

</doc>
<doc id="20908141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908141" title="Entertainment System">
Entertainment System

An entertainment system is a system of entertainment usually of electronic components that handle audio and video, video gaming, computers, etc.
More specifically, an entertainment system may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20908177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908177" title="Clason">
Clason

Clason may refer to:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="20908190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908190" title="HMAS Jeparit">
HMAS Jeparit

HMAS "Jeparit" was an Australian National Lines (ANL) bulk carrier which was operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) between 1969 and 1972. She was launched in 1964 and transported supplies to Australian military forces in South Vietnam between 1966 and 1972 under both civil and military ownership. She returned to service with ANL in 1972 until 1979 when she was sold to a Greek shipping company and renamed "Pleias". She continued in civilian service under several names before being broken up in 1993.
Construction.
"Jeparit" was built for the Australian Government-owned shipping line Australian National Lines. She was laid down at Evans Deakin & Co in Brisbane, Queensland in 1962 and launched in 1964.
Operational history.
Vietnam War.
In June 1966, she was chartered by the Department of Shipping and Transport to transport equipment and supplies from Australia to South Vietnam for the 1st Australian Task Force. This became an open-ended charter in August as the ship was needed to meet the supply needs of the Australian forces in South Vietnam, which were greater than had been anticipated by Army planners. The ship's cargo usually consisted of vehicles (including Centurion tanks), ammunition, civil aid program stores, and supplies for the Australian Services Canteen Organisation. The ANL coastal cargo ship "Boonaroo" was also chartered to carry similar cargoes to South Vietnam, but was unable to embark tanks.
In February 1967, the Seamen's Union of Australia decided that it would not provide crews to "Jeparit" or "Boonaroo" for further voyages to South Vietnam; its members left both ships and were subsequently sacked by ANL. This move was not supported by most of the union movement, and members of other maritime unions remained on board. While "Boonaroo" was commissioned into the RAN for a single voyage in March 1967, "Jeparit" remained under ANL control but was given a mixed crew of 20 merchant seamen and a RAN detachment of an officer and 17 sailors. The RAN detachment worked under the ship's civilian master, but was additionally under naval discipline.
The ship made 25 return trips to South Vietnam with a mixed crew between 1967 and December 1969. The naval and civilian sailors worked well together, though there was disquiet when it was discovered that the civilians' pay was doubled during time spent in the war zone while the RAN personnel received only the usual allowances. This was resolved by paying the difference into the RAN Relief Trust Fund. Most voyages were between Sydney and Vung Tau, though the ship had to unload Centurion tanks at Cam Ranh Bay as there was no heavy lifting equipment at Vung Tau. Unloading and backloading times reduced over time as procedures improved and the crew gained experience, and by late 1967, the ship was operating on a three-day turnaround at Vung Tau.
"Jeparit" remained the occasional focus of anti-war attention between 1967 and 1969. The ship was targeted by a small protest in December 1967 and reloading in Sydney was occasionally disrupted by union activity. These protests came to a head in November 1969, when the Waterside Workers Federation refused to load or unload "Jeparit". After a period of negotiation, the ship was commissioned into the RAN as HMAS "Jeparit" on 11 December. The ship's master was appointed "Jeparit"s commanding officer the next day and received a commission in the Royal Australian Naval Volunteer Reserve, but the ship continued to operate with a mixed civilian-naval crew. This did not end the ship's problems, however, as RAN personnel assigned to load the ship were initially slow and a building contractor had to be engaged to load tanks onto "Jeparit" after civilian crane operators refused their services.
HMAS "Jeparit" continued to travel between Australia and Vietnam as a ship of the Royal Australian Navy. These voyages were generally uneventful, and the mixed crew continued to work together well and there were few further labour relations problems at Australian ports. Australian forces were withdrawn from South Vietnam in 1971 and 1972, and "Jeparit" completed her 43rd and final trip on 11 March 1972, when she returned to Sydney with the last Australian troops and equipment from Vietnam. The ship had conducted five voyages with a civilian crew, 21 as an ANL ship with a mixed crew and 17 in RAN service.
"Jeparit" was decommissioned on 15 March and returned to ANL. She received the battle honour "Vietnam 1969-72" in recognition of her service while a commissioned vessel.
Post-war career.
She continued in ANL service until September 1979 when she was sold the Greek company Massis Charity Shipping and renamed "Pleias". She was later renamed "Celestial I" in 1984, "Maria M." in 1987 and "Sea Coral" in 1988 and was broken up in early 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20908193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908193" title="The Coast (band)">
The Coast (band)

The Coast was a Canadian indie rock group, based in Toronto, Ontario. The Coast was Ben Spurr (vocals, guitar, keyboards), Ian Fosbery (guitar, keyboards, vocals), and brothers Luke (bass, vocals) and Jordan Melchiorre (drums).
History.
The band was originally named The July 26th Movement, and released an EP titled "Take a Walk Outside" in July 2004. The band opted to change their name to The Coast, after the Paul Simon song of the same name (found on Simon's album "The Rhythm of the Saints"). The band's original influences included bands such as The Verve, New Order, and The Smiths, but in recent years their interests have become more influenced by their contemporaries.
The Coast released their self-titled EP in Canada in March 2006, and in the US in May 2007. The Coast has shared the stage with the likes of Elbow, The French Kicks, Tokyo Police Club (who also provided a remix of The Coast's song "Tightrope" in 2008), Born Ruffians, Islands, The Duke Spirit, Ra Ra Riot, The Virgins, and Chairlift. The band was touted as one of the acts to watch in 2008 by Canada's national music monthly "Exclaim!" and Toronto's "Eye Weekly". The band signed to Aporia Records in late 2007 and recorded their debut full-length album "Expatriate". The album was released on April 1, 2008 in Canada, on August 19, 2008 in the US (digitally), February 2, 2009 in the UK, and May 5, 2009 on CD in the US by their new Minneapolis-based label Afternoon Records. Nationwide tours of Canada and the States followed.
In early 2009, the band did their last tour of the UK and then started their hiatus to take a break from their year and a half of touring. The Coast’s guitarist, Ian Fosbery, also spent this time finishing his university degree – and their bassist, Luke Melchiorre, began work towards his Masters.
During 2009, the Coast also spent every spare moment locked away in their rehearsal space writing and working on new material. In November 2009 they once again entered the Lincoln County Social Club, the same studio in which they recorded Expatriate, with 14 new tracks - the most they've ever tried to record. The album was once again produced with long-time friend and producer Chris Stringer (We're Marching On, Ohbijou, Rush). The 9-track record, entitled Queen Cities, will be released in September 2010. Later in the year, the group announced that they would be disbanding, and played their final show together on December 29, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20908208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908208" title="Kelly Paris">
Kelly Paris

Kelly Jay Paris (born October 17, 1957) is a retired professional baseball player who played in the Major Leagues with the St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds, Baltimore Orioles, and the Chicago White Sox. He played as a third baseman and shortstop.
Bio.
Paris was born in Encino, California, and attended William Howard Taft High School in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.
He was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the second round of the 1975 Major League Baseball Draft on June 3, 1975, and made his major league debut on September 1, 1982 with the Cardinals. On March 31, 1983, Paris was traded to the Cincinnati Reds for Jim Strichek. It was with the Reds that Paris played the majority of his Major League games.
All three of Paris' career major league home runs were hit in in 44 at-bats while a member of the Chicago White Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="20908210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908210" title="USS Chesapeake (ID-3395)">
USS Chesapeake (ID-3395)

The third USS "Chesapeake" (ID-3395) was a United States Navy salvage ship in commission from March to October 1919.
SS "Chesapeake" was built in 1900 as a commercial cargo ship at Wilmington, Delaware, by Harlan and Hollingsworth. The U.S. Navy's Third Naval District inspected her at New York City on 28 March 1918 for possible World War I service. The Navy purchased her on 31 August 1918, assigned her Identification Number (Id. No.) 3395, fitted her out at New York City as a salvage ship, and commissioned her as USS "Chesapeake" on 22 March 1919 with Lieutenant M. C. Kent in command.
"Chesapeake" departed New York on 12 May 1919 bound for Brest, France, where she joined the First Salvage Division supporting U.S. Naval Forces Operating in European Waters, caring for the many ships engaged in supporting the Army of Occupation and other post-World War I American military activities in Europe. In August 1919 nshe joined the force clearing the North Sea of the North Sea Mine Barrage, the vast minefields laid during World War I, in an operation almost as intricate and dangerous as the original minelaying had been. "Chesapeake" ferried various minesweeping equipment and supplies from Brest and Liverpool, England, to Kirkwall in the Orkney Islands, where the minesweeping operations were based.
"Chesapeake" was decommissioned at Brest on 25 October 1919 and later sold there to a British salvage firm.

</doc>
<doc id="20908222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908222" title="Wardlow (disambiguation)">
Wardlow (disambiguation)

Wardlow is a parish and village in the Derbyshire Dales, England.
Wardlow may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20908228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908228" title="Noel Behn">
Noel Behn

Noel Behn (1928? - 1998) was an American novelist, screenwriter and theatrical producer. His first novel, "The Kremlin Letter", drawn from his work in the US Army's Counterintelligence Corps, was made into a film by John Huston in 1970. Behn's non-fiction "The Big Stick-Up at Brink's" was adapted into a 1978 movie starring Peter Falk and Peter Boyle. His controversial book "Lindbergh: The Crime" delved into the Lindbergh kidnapping, claiming that the baby had died in a family accident, and the kidnapping was faked. Behn was influential in the development of Off Broadway theatre in New York and he was producing director of the Cherry Lane Theater throughout the 1950s and 60s. Beginning in the late 1960s, owing to the happenstance of having offices in the same building on 57th Street in New York City, Behn began longstanding creative friendships with screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky, choreographer Bob Fosse and playwright Herb Gardner.
He also wrote seven episodes of "" between 1993 and 1997.
The second episode of the third season of the prison drama "Oz" was dedicated to his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20908229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908229" title="Thomas Percy Middleton">
Thomas Percy Middleton

Captain Thomas Percy Middleton (born 10 May 1893, date of death unknown), Distinguished Flying Cross was an English World War I fighter ace credited with 27 victories while flying a two seated fighter.
Early life.
Middleton was born in Earlsfield, Surrey, England on 10 May 1893. He initially served in the 6th London Brigade of the Royal Field Artillery, but transferred to the Royal Flying Corps in 1916.
First combat tour.
His first tour of combat in fighters came in Number 48 Squadron of the Royal Flying Corps. This unit was the first supplied with the two seater Bristol F.2b fighter. Because either the pilot or the observer/gunner could fire upon enemy aircraft, both members of the flight crew would be credited with any victories on missions they flew together.
Middleton scored his first victory on 30 April 1917. He scored four more victories in May, in the vicinity of Douai, France, becoming an ace on the 27th with a double triumph. He scored twice more in June before being withdrawn from combat duty for a rest. Middleton's seven wins were achieved while teamed with three different gunners; one of them, Scotsman Alexander W. Merchant went on to become an ace in his own right.
Second combat tour.
Middleton returned for a second tour of combat duty on the Western Front as a flight leader in Number 48 Squadron of the newly founded Royal Air Force. He was still piloting Bristols. He reopened his victory list shortly after his return, on 17 April 1918, shooting down on Albatros D.V and driving another down out of control. He scored doubles on both the 3rd and the 8th. He then switched gunners, from Captain Frank Godfrey to British Lieutenant Alfred Stanley Mills. With Mills in the rear seat, Middleton ran off five more wins in May, ending the month with 18 victories. In June, Middleton switched back to Godfrey in the back seat, and scored five more victories, followed by another in July. On 3 August, Middleton was awarded one of the first Distinguished Flying Crosses.
There was a lapse in victories until September; then Middleton resumed with Mills once again teaming as his gunner. Middleton and Mills shot a Hannover C down in flames on 15 September, followed by two Fokker D.VIIs destroyed on 20 September.
Middleton was the fourth highest scorer of the 44 aces in 48 Squadron. His 27 victories came overwhelmingly over German fighter planes; only three of his wins were over enemy reconnaissance craft. Three of the observer/gunners he had teamed with became aces in their own right; Merchant with 8 wins, Mills with 15, and Godfrey with all 12 of his victories won from Middleton's rear seat.
Postwar life.
After the war, Middleton emigrated to Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20908241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908241" title="Antoine Mariotte">
Antoine Mariotte

Antoine Mariotte (22 December 187530 November 1944) was a French composer, conductor and music administrator.
Biography.
Mariotte was born in Avignon (Vaucluse) in 1875. After studies at the School of Saint-Michel in Saint-Étienne, he entered naval school aged 15.
In 1894, while serving on the frigate "Iphigénie", he wrote to a friend that he missed music and if he had the means he would go to the Conservatoire de Paris. While still split between the life of a sailor and musician, he worked away on harmony. He took part in campaigns on board the "Forfait" in the South China Sea, then on the "Vinh-Long", where he witnessed the closing stages of the Sino-Japanese War. He brought back sketches that became the suite "Kakimonos", initially written for the piano, but later orchestrated and performed at the Concerts Poulet on 29 January 1923 ("Panorama, Geishas, Temple au Crépuscule, Fête").
In the Far East he read the Oscar Wilde play "Salome", and decided to set it to music. On return to Europe, he sailed on the "Marceau" then the "Magenta" where finally, thanks to Admiral Gervais, he had a piano. On six months leave he followed a course at the Conservatoire by Charles-Marie Widor. After prolonging his absence, he resigned from the navy in 1897. He entered the Schola Cantorum where he was taught by Vincent d'Indy, who found him work as a pianist at the home of the comte de Chambrun, to whom he played each day for precisely 60 minutes, in particular the 32 sonatas of Beethoven in chronological order.
Due to his mother's health, he went back to Saint-Étienne and taught piano and became an organist, also directing the symphonic society; he also wrote an operetta "Armande". Appointed professor of piano at the Lyon Conservatoire, he completed the score of "Salomé", believing himself to have .permission from Wilde's estate and the publisher Methuen. In fact, having obtained the agreement to use the play, Richard Strauss had in turn asked his publisher Fürstner to acquire the rights. Wilde's particularly complicated estate led to a court case that favoured the rights of Fürstner. Mariotte learnt that Fürstner would oppose the production of a "Salomé française" and after going to Berlin, he obtained permission to have his piece staged, on condition that 40% royalties went to Richard Strauss and 10% to Fürstner, with all scores to be sent after the run to Fürstner to be destroyed. Romain Rolland, having read an article by Mariotte in the "Revue internationale de musique", helped him to obtain a more generous settlement from Strauss. On 30 October 1908, Mariotte's opera was produced at the Grand-Théâtre de Lyon with success (de Wailly in the title role), and staged in 1910 at the Gaîté-Lyrique in Paris, while Strauss's "Salomé" was on at the Opéra. After having been performed at Nancy, Le Havre, Marseille, Geneva, and Prague, Mariotte's "Salomé" was seen at the Opéra on 1 July 1919 with Lucienne Bréval. In November 2005 the Opera National de Montpellier juxtaposed the Strauss and Mariotte operas.
During the war, Mariotte was sent to Salonica where he contracted malaria. After the end of the war, in 1920 he became director of the Conservatoire d'Orléans where he taught René Berthelot, who succeeded him. He led the direction of the Opéra-Comique from 1936 to 1939.
He died in Izieux, (Loire) in 1944, aged 68.
Compositions.
Mariotte's works use a wide range of operatic effects with particularly striking choral writing. He displayed a robust temperament in both tragedy and lighter music.
On 28 February 1913 he presented in Lyon a tragédie lyrique, "Le Vieux Roi" on a libretto by Rémy de Gourmont, which, despite a successful launch, failed after its third performance.
His three-act comédie musicale "Léontine soeurs" premiered at the Théâtre Trianon Lyrique on 25 May 1924 and was published later that year. 
"Esther, princesse d'Israêl", a three-act tragédie lyrique after André Dumas and Sébastien-Charles Leconte was created at the Opéra on 28 April 1925, "Gargantua" ('scenes rabelaisiennes' in 4 acts) was seen at the Opéra-Comique on 15 February 1935 and revived in 1938, and "Nele Dooryn" a three-act 'conte lyrique' (libretto by Camille Mauclair) was given five performances at the Opéra-Comique in 1940.
In 1930 he wrote a "Cantate pour le centenaire de la Conquête de l'Algérie", played with enthusiasm in Algiers.
In 1934 came the symphonic version of "Impressions urbaines", five pieces for piano ("Usines, Faubourgs, Guingettes, Decombres, Gares") premiered by Édouard Risler in 1921, which depict the hard human and physical nature of Paris in expressive and sometimes violent means. There was also a "Paysage maritime" — a "sketch for harp and orchestra", part of an unfinished sea symphony, a sonata for piano and some songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20908243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908243" title="Nii Allotey Odunton">
Nii Allotey Odunton

Nii Allotey Odunton, a mining engineer from Ghana, is Secretary-General of the International Seabed Authority, serving a four-year term from January 1, 2009.
Biography.
Odunton has had more than 20 years of experience in the International Civil Service, with progressively increased responsibilities in marine resource policy formulation, particularly marine mineral resources. Since the establishment of the Authority in 1996 he has concurrently held several positions there at the policy-making level, as Deputy to the Secretary-General, head of the ISA Office of Resources and Environmental Monitoring, Interim Director-General of the Enterprise (the Authority’s seabed mining arm, not yet operational) and Secretary of the Authority’s Assembly. He has conceptualized and convened technical workshops of the Authority, on topics such as deep-seabed polymetallic nodule exploration, the development of environmental guidelines, and proposed technologies for deep-seabed mining of nodules.
He earned a Master of Science degree in Mineral Economics and Mine Finance from the Henry Krumb School of Mines (1974), Columbia University. He then had a brief stint with private industry, spending a year (1974–75) as a Mine Planning Officer with the Bethlehem Steel Corporation at its Rose Mine, Morgantown, Pennsylvania.
Career with United Nations.
Odunton first became associated with the United Nations in 1974, when he and two university colleagues were requested to prepare a paper on resource assessment of the polymetallic nodule deposits in the international sea-bed area to aid the work of the Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea, which was developing an international legal framework for the sea-bed and oceans as a whole. He later helped prepare background papers for the First Committee of the Conference, which elaborated the sea-bed provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, completed in 1982.
At the United Nations Secretariat in New York he served as an Economic Affairs Officer in its Department of International Economic Social Affairs (1980–1983), where he helped draw up an International Ocean Institute programme on management and use of seabed resources. Odunton subsequently (1984–88) held several other positions in the Department, including Chief of the Mineral Resources Section, Ocean Economics and Technology Branch. As head of this section he was responsible for reports to United Nations meetings on marine mineral resource development.
Odunton was adviser to the Minerals Commission of the government of Ghana (1984–87), providing advice on national minerals policy, a revamping of the national mining code and on investment promotion in the gold sector. He also helped the government with procedural changes in the exploitation and marketing of gold and diamonds.
As work went forward on the establishment of institutions envisaged by the Law of the Sea Convention, Odunton worked in the office of the United Nations Special Representative of the Secretary- General for the Law of the Sea, Satya Nandan. Assigned to the Preparatory Commission for the International Seabed Authority and for the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, he served as Deputy Secretary of Special Commission 3 on the mining code for polymetallic nodules and Secretary of Special Commission 2 on the Enterprise.
In 1988, he became the first Officer in charge of the United Nations Office for the Law of the Sea in Kingston, Jamaica, where the Preparatory Commission met and the Seabed Authority was to establish its headquarters. He has been with the Authority continuously since it came into being in 1996. In June 2008 the Assembly of the Authority elected him by acclamation as the second Secretary-General of the Authority, succeeding Satya Nandan.
Personal.
Born on 14 June 1951, Odunton was married to Naa Jama Odunton (deceased) and has four children.

</doc>
<doc id="20908244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908244" title="HMVS Countess of Hopetoun">
HMVS Countess of Hopetoun

HMVS "Countess of Hopetoun" was a torpedo gunboat of the Victorian Naval Forces, Commonwealth Naval Forces and the Royal Australian Navy. She was named after Hersey, Countess of Hopetoun and later Marchioness of Linlithgow, the wife of the 7th Earl of Hopetoun, the then Governor of Victoria and later the first Governor-General of Australia.
Operational history.
Built by Yarrow and Co. on the River Thames, "Countess of Hopetoun" was the last vessel constructed for the Victorian Naval Forces. She arrived at Williamstown, Victoria via the Cape of Good Hope after 154 days under way. 
The vessel joined the Commonwealth Naval Forces with federation in 1901 and the Royal Australian Navy when it was formed in 1911. During World War I she served in Victorian waters and as a tender to HMAS "Cerberus". She attended the arrival of His Royal Highness Edward, The Prince of Wales in Port Phillip on 28 May 1920. The prince arrived abord the battlecruiser and was received by no less than 31 warships.
Fate.
"Countess of Hopetoun" was sold to Edward Hill of North Melbourne in April 1924 and scrapped the following year. Her hull was later sunk near Swan Island in Port Phillip.

</doc>
<doc id="20908262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908262" title="Martinborough Branch">
Martinborough Branch

The Martinborough Branch was a proposed railway line that would have connected the south Wairarapa town of Martinborough to the Wairarapa Line in New Zealand’s North Island. It was to have been used by passengers and by goods traffic for a productive agricultural area that was not well served with reliable transport links. Construction started, but was quickly suspended and never resumed.
History.
Advocacy.
The first attempt to have a railway constructed to Martinborough was a private effort initiated by a small group of local residents. On learning that the route of the Wairarapa Line would be some distance away, the Waihenga Railway Committee was formed and sought a survey of an appropriate route. The survey was completed, but unfortunately for the members of the committee an attempt to solicit donations to cover their costs met with a less than enthusiastic response. Public indifference doomed the project.
Interest in the idea revived around 1905. The Premier, Joseph Ward, was the guest of honour at a luncheon hosted by the Featherston County Council on 18 December 1907. The Council chairman used the opportunity to impress upon Ward the importance of a railway to Martinborough, and also made clear the inadequacy of the roads in the region which were not expected to cope with future traffic requirements. The Premier responded that the Railways Department was at present busy with other railway construction projects around the country, but as soon as an engineer was available a preliminary survey would be made of the suggested route to gauge the costs involved. He indicated that he did not see any undue difficulty in eventually getting the project approved. Though this meeting was the beginning of the proposal that came the closest to fruition, it ultimately failed to be realised.
World War I led to the establishment of a military training camp north of Featherston. This camp was served by a siding that was extended from a backshunt at Featherston. After the war the siding was used on several occasions for race trains to Tauherenikau Racecourse. In evidence presented to the Fay-Raven Commission of 1924, the Minister of Public Works stated that it was his understanding that the siding was to be the start of a branch line to Martinborough. Despite being abandoned by 1 November 1926 by the Department of Defence and offered to the Railways Department, the siding remained unused following the closure of the camp until being lifted in the 1930s.
In 1925, concerned that Martinborough may not receive what it was due in terms of transport links, the town’s administration prevailed upon the Railways Department for improved services. One of the principal concerns was, given that the town was not to receive a direct rail connection as originally envisaged, that merchants and passengers in the town should not be disadvantaged by having to pay the higher rates of private transport operators compared with the cheaper railway rates they would have been able to pay had the railway come to Martinborough. As an alternative to the abandoned idea of a railway line, they suggested that the Department should provide services using an electric tram, trolley bus, or light rail system. The Department never seriously considered these proposals when, after examining the relevant information, it concluded that the revenue to be derived from such a service would not come close to covering the capital and operational costs involved, and that the only viable option was to use petrol-powered lorries and buses.
No further proposals for the line were advocated. The final blow to any chance of a branch line to Martinborough came in 1953 when the Greytown Branch closed.
Construction.
Following the meeting with Joseph Ward in 1907, local politician J. Hornsby stated that if the government was unable to commit the necessary funds to the project, he was confident the funds could be raised privately. At his insistence, the Railways Department conducted a preliminary survey of both the Featherston – Martinborough and Greytown – Martinborough routes in 1908, the findings of which were made available internally in a report dated 4 August.
The Department did not consider the line to be a matter of urgency, and with plenty of other work for its staff did little to advance the Martinborough project. A new survey was called for by the Engineer-in-Chief of the Public Works Department on 10 March 1913 following the passage of the Railways Authorisation Bill through parliament the previous year. The District Engineer, in response to a later missive on the subject, stated that he expected the survey to be completed by the end of February 1914 and the plans by 31 March.
The first signs of construction came later that year when a turning-of-the-first-sod ceremony was held in Martinborough on 20 July, following a commitment given by the Government the previous year to begin construction. The route from Martinborough to Featherston had been chosen by the Railways Department, but as the first section of the line to be constructed from the Martinborough end was common to both the Featherston and Greytown routes, the Department continued to receive pleas for it to reconsider the Greytown route as the preferred option.
The Minister of Public Works, William Fraser, represented the Government and officiated at the ceremony. Also present were several members of parliament and around 1,000 locals from both the town and surrounding region. The political party had travelled to Featherston from Wellington by train, and were then conveyed to Martinborough by car, being shown the route of the railway line along the way. On arrival in Martinborough the party were guests at a luncheon, followed by the ceremony. It had been decided to mark the occasion at the site of the future Martinborough railway station, on the north side of Princess Street, near the intersection with Kitchener Street and behind the church. Following the ceremony, the Minister presented the ceremonial wheelbarrow, silver spade, and sod to the local school. While there, he also visited the Tauherenikau Racecourse, whose Racing Club members had requested a siding from the branch line to the racecourse.
It was not long before the future of the line was in jeopardy. By the following year, work on the line had effectively been suspended, with no progress made. Fate had intervened on two fronts. First, the effect of World War I on the line and the Railways Department was to deprive it of the manpower required to continue the work. Second, at around this time the Department was considering options for a deviation of the Wairarapa Line over and/or through the Rimutaka Ranges. It was felt that a decision on the junction of the Martinborough Branch with the main line should be deferred until such time as it was known what route the Rimutaka Deviation would take. However, the Department did affirm in writing to a correspondent that it was still committed to a Featherston – Martinborough route.
After the war, it was clear that little progress had been made since the promising start so many years earlier. By this time a change in Department policy meant that it was no longer in favour of maintaining numerous short feeder lines to its main lines. The cost of completing the line had risen to £150,000, a significant increase from the original quotes. Opposition to the line was growing amongst residents who did not expect that it would be able to earn a sufficient income even if it were built, and local farmers who objected to having their lands bisected by the proposed railway corridor. When, in 1925, the Martinborough Town Board requested that the Railways Department provide improved railway facilities, and met with a representative of the Department to discuss their concerns, they acknowledged that they did not expect any progress to be made on a rail connection for Martinborough, and that private operators were already providing sufficient alternatives to a railway. The Railways Department had begun investigating transport options for Martinborough other than a railway line, and with the strident support of the local member for parliament, the Reform Government abandoned the idea of a Martinborough Branch line.
Proposals.
Although several variants were suggested, there were two main routes for this proposed line: from Featherston, and as an extension of the Greytown Branch.
Featherston – Martinborough route.
This line would have started at Featherston Railway Station. Though this option was the generally preferred route, it was longer and would have involved significant additional construction costs compared with the alternative route, including an expensive crossing of the Tauherenikau River. It would have also involved greater maintenance costs, owing to its longer length and additional permanent structures (bridges, etc.)
The 1913 survey found that the length of the line would be , with a maximum grade of 1 in 60, and a maximum curvature of radius. The most expensive works would be bridges crossing the Tauherenikau River ( long) and the Ruamahanga River ( long). Also required would be two flood openings of and respectively. Sidings were called for at (between No. 1 Line Road and the Tauherenikau Racecourse), at (west of Ward’s Line Road), and at (near Moiki Cutting). Estimated costs were provided in the original 1908 survey as follows:
Greytown – Martinborough route.
This option would have extended the Greytown Branch across State Highway 2 and then on to Martinborough, a distance of . It had several advantages over the rival proposal, including a shorter route, lower construction costs, and lower operational costs due to being able to utilise the existing rolling stock and crews from the Greytown Branch. The shorter route was estimated to save between £15,000 to £18,000 in capital costs, but it would have still required the relatively expensive crossing of the Ruamahanga River. The total cost was estimated to be £79,000.
The chief opposition to the Greytown route focussed on the fact that it would mean the railway route to Wellington would be up to longer than via Featherston. However, when investigating options for the Rimutaka Deviation, a route via the Tauherenikau River Valley and directly to Woodside, bypassing Featherston, was considered. Had this deviation been adopted, the rail distance between Martinborough and Wellington would have been shorter via Greytown compared with a route via Featherston.
Today.
There are no plans for a railway line to Martinborough. As roads in the region improved after World War I, and with the increasing popularity of road transport, the need and desire for a Martinborough Branch railway subsided. Public transport from Martinborough consists of bus routes to Masterton and Featherston, where passengers can connect with Wairarapa Connection trains.
The school to which the wheelbarrow and silver spade were presented following the turning-of-the-first-sod ceremony was destroyed by fire in 1919, a blaze that destroyed the “first sod” and is also believed to have destroyed the ceremonial wheelbarrow. The silver spade was sold at auction in Wellington in June 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20908271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908271" title="Alberto Melloni">
Alberto Melloni

Alberto Melloni (born 1959) is a church historian known especially for his work on the Second Vatican Council.
Melloni studied in Bologna, Cornell and Fribourg. He has taught at the University of Bologna, the University of Rome III and is now Professor of History of Christianity at the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia, holder of the Unesco Chair for Religious Pluralism and Peace, and Director of the Fondazione per le Scienze Religiose Giovanni XXIII for Religious Studies in Bologna (fscire.it). He is also a columnist for Il Corriere della Sera, and he provides commentary for RAI TV.
Professor Melloni has been a member of the Foundation since 1982, Vicesecretary since 2002 and General Secretary since 2007. Founded in 1953, the Foundation is one of the most important centers of historical research in Europe.
Through the Foundation Professor Melloni has been involved in various international research projects. For example:
His extensive publication record includes books (author and editor), essays, reviews, and newspaper columns.
According to an Italian journalist Melloni's historical work has been criticized by former peritus Joseph Ratzinger, who is known for his promotion of a "hermeneutic of continuity" and who has denounced what he calls a "hermeneutic of rupture". In America a theologian did explain that the idea of Benedict XVI on the hermeneutic of "continuity and reform" endorses the historical work oin Vatican II as council of aggiornamento.

</doc>
<doc id="20908277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908277" title="Wojciech Cejrowski">
Wojciech Cejrowski

Wojciech Cejrowski - (27 June 1964 Elbląg) - is a Polish traveler, television and radio journalist, writer, Catholic publicist, satirist, and photographer.
Education.
Wojciech Cejrowski graduated from the XVII High School by the name of Andrzej Frycz Modrzewski in Warsaw. In 2010 he received a BA in Sociology from Catholic University of Lublin. Cejrowski studied also without graduating at Aleksander Zelwerowicz State Theatre Academy; University of Warsaw, Santa Clara University.
Organizations.
Wojciech Cejrowski is a member of the following organizations:
Views on homosexuality.
In terms of his socio-political views, Cejrowski is Poland's most known journalist to openly advocate against the LGBT right movement. In his rhetoric, Cejrowski refers to LGBT people as sodomites, buggers, and peaderasts. In his article for "Dziennik" he notes that he "prefers savages rather than gay parades". Cejrowski states that European society is overwhelmingly against homosexuality, and advocates for the institution of nationwide homosexuality clinics aiming to 'alter this disgusting behaviour'. He says that "gay people should be pointed at, as the sin of sodomy evokes disgust".
Television.
"WC Kwadrans" ("WC Fifteen Minutes") broadcast by the Polish state TV station - TVP (1994–1996) is his most widely known TV programme. The show was watched by three million viewers.
Cejrowski started his TV career by cooperating with Wojciech Mann in his "Non Stop Kolor" show ("Non-stop Color") broadcast on Polish TV (1992–1994). He also was the host of the "Stajnia" show ("The Stable") broadcast by the Polish TV and some local TV stations. Between 1996 and 1997 Cejrowski recorded a series of 30 episodes reporting on his journey to South America for TV Niepokalanów (now called TV Puls).
While at RTL 7 since 1997, Cejrowski, along with Jan Pietrzak, Jan Tadeusz Stanisławski, Krzysztof Daukszewicz and others, participated in a satirist talk show focused on various aspects of daily life in Poland. Between 1999 and 2000 Cejrowski co-hosted with Alicja Resich-Modlińska a talk show "Piękny i Bestia" ("Beauty and the Beast").
While at Polsat (2003-4) Cejrowski hosted his own show "Z kamerą wśród ludzi" ("With Camera Amongst the People" also broadcast by TV 4 and Polsat 2). His highest level of pulicity reached 2.5 million people - no. 4 record in Poland.
In 2008 Cejrowski started his popular "Barefoot Around the World" travel show("Boso przez świat"), awarded the 2008 Travel & Tourism New York Festivals Gold World Medal.
In April 2008 Cejrowski announced his intention to abandon his Polish citizenship and acquire the Ecuadorian one instead.
Radio.
Wojciech Cejrowski started his radio career in 1991 - along with Korneliusz Pacuda he conducted the program "Czy jest miejsce na country w Polsce?" ("Is There a Place for Country Music in Poland?"). One of its results was a contract with American ABC Network - since 1992 all Polish local broadcasting stations had started to broadcast Polish version of American Country Countdown. Wojciech Cejrowski (at the beginning along with Korneliusz Pacuda) was hosting this broadcast for eleven years. The very last one (No. 519) was broadcast in January 2003.
In 1993 Wojciech Cejrowski was offered the job by Wojciech Mann and Krzysztof Materna, owners of the private radio station Radio Kolor (Radio Color). First he hosted his own music programme then also famous "Aeroplan" ("Airplane") together with Beata Pawlikowska and then his leading morning programme (every Saturday from 6 to 10 am - which later gave the beginning to "WC Kwadrans"). His cooperation with Radio Kolor ended in 1997 (soon after Mann and Materna left the radio station and some changes for worse were made).
He worked for Radio WAW-a for next 3 years (1997–1999).
These days Wojciech Cejrowski's radio broadcasts can be found in various public and private broadcasting stations in Poland. The best known is his traveler cycle "Po drugiej stronie globusa" ("On the Other Side of the Globe") - it's more than 300 episodes that were broadcast by Radio Station 1, Radio dla Ciebie, Radio Koszalin, Radio Merkury, Radio PiK and Radio Network PLUS.
He also works for Polish Radio Station 1. He sends his correspondences from foreign countries for "Z pierwszej ręki" ("First Hand") and "Radio Kierowców" ("The Driver's Radio") and his traveler's stories for "Lato z Radiem" ("Summer with Radio").
During 2005 winter season Wojciech Cejrowski hosted the "Zima z radiową Jedynką" ("Winter with Radio Station One").
In the meantime since 2003 he has been creating music broadcasts on the demand of Music Editorial Office - "Muzyka na Molo" ("Music on the Pier") and "Audycja podzwrotnikowa" ("Subtropical Broadcast").
Periodicals.
Wojciech Cejrowski writes and publishes quite a lot on social and political situations (he got his columns in "Gazeta Polska", "Tygodnik AWS", "Ilustrowany Kurier Polski") and on his many travels (humorous reports in "Newsweek", "Rzeczpospolita", "Poznaj Świat"and others).

</doc>
<doc id="20908297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908297" title="1997–98 Ukrainian Cup">
1997–98 Ukrainian Cup

The Ukrainian Cup 1997-98 was the 7th annual edition of Ukraine's 
football knockout competition since the country's independence.
This edition of the Cup started with a preliminary round of few pairs and three qualification knockout rounds before the first round of the competition. The Cup starts as usual every year from the round of 32 when the members of the Ukrainian Premier League enter the competition. Any teams were allowed to enter the competition. Any club can be represented by several of its teams, unconditionally.
Qualification into European Competitions for the 1998-1999 season.
The winner of this competition qualifies as Ukraine's Cup Winner representative in the Cup Winners' Cup and would allowed to enter the competition in the first round.
Competition schedule.
Preliminary round.
At this stage in the competition, 20 teams from the Druha Liha and Ukrainian Football Amateur Association entered the competition.
First qualification round.
At this stage in the competition, the rest clubs of the Druha Lihaentered the competition.
Second qualification round.
At this stage in the competition, teams play two games, at home and away. Also, clubs of the First League has entered the competition.
Third qualification round.
At this stage in the competition, teams play two games, at home and away. The rest of the clubs other than "Supreme League" enter the competition.
Round of 32.
At this stage in the competition, teams play two games, at home and away. All of the rest of the clubs enter the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20908301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908301" title="Eitel Hospital">
Eitel Hospital

Eitel Hospital is a former hospital building in Minneapolis, Minnesota, located across from Loring Park. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building is a fairly plain brick building, made even more so when its original cornice was removed. The hospital was founded by Dr. George Eitel in 1912 and served wealthy citizens of Minneapolis. It featured sun porches with Navajo rugs and private rooms with brass beds and mahogany furniture. His wife Jeanne Eitel, a nurse, directed the nursing school.
In 1982, it began a formal alliance with Abbott Northwestern Hospital, and in 1985, the 144-bed hospital closed. The building later became the Willow Street Center for Youth and Families.
In 2005, Village Green Companies submitted a proposal for renovating the former Eitel Hospital building into apartments, along with two additional six-story buildings on the block. The proposal included an adaptive reuse renovation of the 1911 building, along with rebuilding the cornice in a design similar to the original cornice. Later additions to the building were proposed for demolition. Ground was broken on the complex on October 25, 2006 and Eitel Building City Apartments was completed in September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20908303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908303" title="Gordon Brewster">
Gordon Brewster

Gordon Brewster (born 26 September 1889 – died 16 June 1946) was an editorial cartoonist for the "Irish Independent" group of newspapers.
He was educated at the Dublin Metropolitan School of Art. His father, W. T. Brewster, was general manager of the "Irish Independent", and Gordon joined the paper as a staff artist in 1906. He drew cartoons mainly on money matters for the daily paper, and had a regular cartoon called "This, That and the Other" for the "Sunday Independent". He died at Howth on 16 June 1946, aged 56, from undisclosed causes.

</doc>
<doc id="20908308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908308" title="Thomas Savundaranayagam">
Thomas Savundaranayagam

Thomas Savundaranayagam (born July 13, 1938) is the bishop of Jaffna and a strong activist for Tamil rights in Sri Lanka and humanitarian efforts in what is sometimes called "Tamil Eelam". He has called for international intervention to stop the Sri Lankan conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="20908315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908315" title="Barbary Coast Bunny">
Barbary Coast Bunny

Barbary Coast Bunny is a 1956 Warner Bros. theatrical cartoon short produced by Edward Selzer. It was directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce.
In this story, the villain, Nasty Canasta, steals a large slab of gold from Bugs Bunny who retaliates by later bankrupting the villain's new casino in San Francisco. The title refers to San Francisco's Barbary Coast district.
Summary.
Bugs is tunneling cross country to meet his cousin, only to run head first into a boulder which is a large nugget of gold. Bugs is considering how to keep the gold safe; Nasty Canasta sees this and sets up a simple stand claiming to be a banker who can safely store Bugs' gold. The rabbit falls for the ruse. When Bugs decides to ask for his gold back, Canasta claims the bank is closing and traps the rabbit in the folded up stand while he rides away with the gold. Furious, Bugs vows revenge: "You realize this is "not" going to go unchallenged."
Six months later, Canasta has used his ill-gotten gains to start a casino in San Francisco which is shamelessly rigged in the house's favor. Bugs enters the casino in the role, playing a hopelessly naive country boy who confuses a slot machine for a telephone. When Bugs uses it to phone his mother for some money, he hits the jackpot much to Canasta's shock. Hoping to recoup this loss, Canasta convinces Bugs to stay for a game and thinks he is maneuvering the apparently easy mark into playing a game of roulette on the pretense of it being a game of marbles. To build his would-be victim's confidence, Canasta arranges for Bugs to win on his first spin, but Bugs develops a winning streak on the same number (#23). Having nearly lost everything, Canasta covers #23 with a block of wood and sets the wheel up for the marble to stop on #00, but when it does his subsequent striking the table in triumph causes the ball to accidentally bounce and hammer into the knot of the block of wood, thus Bugs wins again.
Now desperate to win back Bugs' now massive winnings, Canasta convinces Bugs to try playing draw poker and Bugs literally draws a picture of a fireplace poker. Bugs then pretends to misinterpret Canasta's description of the importance of having the biggest hand to win by blowing up his glove into a giant balloon. Canasta loses his temper at his would-be victim's obtuseness. Bugs threatens to walk out, forcing Canasta to grovel in order to coax Bugs to return to the game. Canasta soon regrets that when Bugs, after staking all his money, promptly wins with a Four of a Kind consisting of Aces (Two pair. A pair of ones, and another pair of ones), trumping Canasta's Full House.
Now with his casino's bank irreparably broken at the hands of this simpleton who seems physically incapable of losing, Canasta decides to rob Bugs at gunpoint on the pretense of it being another game of chance. Bugs, still keeping in character, naively spins the revolver bullet cylinder like a slot machine and a mass of coins inexplicably pours out the gun's barrel.
As Bugs departs with all the casino's funds and more, Canasta greedily tries to win money from his gun, only to shoot himself in the attempt and collapses. Bugs pops in and says to the audience (in his normal voice): "The moral of this story is: 'Don't try to steal no 18 karats from no rabbit.'"

</doc>
<doc id="20908320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908320" title="Thomas Battersbee">
Thomas Battersbee

Thomas Battersbee (22 June 1794 – July 1865) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Beddington and died in Nunhead.
Battersbee made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1822 season, against Marylebone Cricket Club. From the tailend, he scored 13 not out in an innings victory for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20908341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908341" title="Ron Rezek">
Ron Rezek

Ronald John Rezek (born October 31, 1946, Oakland, California, USA) is a design entrepreneur who started five successful companies and has designed hundreds of contemporary light fixtures and ceiling fans. He is an expert on design patents and copyrights, and is often used as an expert witness in court.
He earned his bachelor's degree in Industrial Design and a Master’s in Fine Arts in Industrial Design at UCLA. There, his professors included designers Henry Dreyfuss, Charles Eames, Neils Different and Don Chadwick. In 1970, while still in graduate school, he designed an innovative lifeguard rescue device that is still being used today and he founded Surf-Saving International to manufacture and sell the device. In 1978, he started Ron Rezek Lighting in Culver City, CA, which he sold in 2004 but which continues to design original decorative light fixtures. In 1986, he designed the first contemporary-styled ceiling fan, which "quickly became popular in both commercial and residential settings," noted the New York Times. Later, he began the niche company, The Modern Fan Co., which is the only U.S. company to design and sell only contemporary ceiling fans. In 2008, he designed a line of ceiling fans inspired by American and European design movements of the 20th century and launched a new company, The Period Arts Fan Co.
Career.
Ron Rezek's career began in 1970 while he was a graduate student at UCLA working on an MFA degree, studying industrial design and working as a teaching assistant. While experimenting with rotational molding of plastic, in particular cross-linking orange polyethylene to produce an extremely tough and seamless plastic vessel, he was approached by a Los Angeles county lifeguard to investigate an alternative for the spun aluminum rescue can. After meeting with Captain Bob Burnside at a lifeguard station at Zuma Beach, CA, Rezek realized that rotational molding was the perfect production process for a water rescue device because it produced a watertight seam. It was the toughest plastic available and the tooling was not expensive.
This molding technique also allowed for flexibility in the form so Rezek decided on a torpedo shape and added large side handles and a solid handle at the back to tow in the people being rescued. In 1971, his rescue can was accepted in the California Design show because judges realized it was “the first major design breakthrough in this type of equipment in 50 years.” The rescue can was later exhibited at the Pasadena Art Museum and was also published in House Beautiful in March 1971 and Industrial Design Magazine in December 1971. Rezek sold the company in the 1980s, but his rescue can is still preferred by professional lifeguards and the actors carrying the red buoys under their arms on the show Baywatch.
In 1978, Rezek started Ron Rezek Lighting to design and sell contemporary decorative lighting and furniture. He maintained a showroom in SoHo, New York and West Los Angeles, and an office and warehouse in Culver City. His steel-and-chrome desk lamp, hanging steel-and-aluminum desk lamp and chrome-steel-and-maple table were included in the 1976 California Design show. In 2004, he sold the company to the Italian lighting company, Artemide.
While the majority of new furnishing products are adaptations of traditional styles, Rezek has focused his work on advancing the modern idiom. “Rezek’s philosophy has been to subtract as many of the details as possible and rely on what he calls ‘pure geometry,’” wrote Charlyne Varkonyi Schaub in the South Florida Sun-Sentinel.
In the late 1980s, the designer of contemporary products tackled the traditional ceiling fan form. He had never owned a fan when he was hired by a ceiling fan company to create a contemporary-looking one, the New York Times wrote. “At that point, ceiling fans had never really been a design object,” Rezek told reporter Julie Scelfo. “Most of the fans on the market were reproduction Victorian fans, and if a guy had a Mies van der Rohe apartment in Chicago, he probably wasn’t going to put one in there.” 
For a century (1882–1986), ceiling fans were made in Victorian or other traditional, ornamental styles. In 1986, Rezek created the first contemporary ceiling fan, the Stratos, “which introduced a more modern, stream-lined aesthetic”.
Rezek was granted patents in 1991 for the fan’s design and mechanical innovations. Rezek was the first to eliminate blade irons holding fan blades. With his patented invention of rotor slots, blades slip into the rotor. His rotor ended the out-of-balance problems and tedious assembly required with classic blade iron configurations. “His Stratos revolutionized the ceiling fan,” wrote Washington Post writer Patricia Dane Rogers.
Two years later, Rezek created seven more innovative fans and in 1997, he began The Modern Fan Co. in Ashland, Oregon, which Architectural Record cites as offering original, “graceful designs for normally clunky fixtures.” 
Rezek has worked independently as an industrial designer, designing original products for his companies as well as Herman Miller office equipment, Design Within Reach, Artemide, Monarch Mirror, Del Rey Lighting, Fredrick Raymond Lighting, Halsey Lighting, Lavi Industries and others.
In his early career, he taught at UCLA’s art and architecture departments, the Art Center College of Design and Southern California Institute of Architecture.
In 1990, Ron launched Highlights, lighting showrooms in California -- Santa Monica, San Francisco and San Diego – as well as Seattle and Miami. He designed each showroom to be a unique “gallery of lights” featuring the best in modern design. In 2002, he sold the showrooms.
His most recent notable designs include a line of ceiling fans for his company, The Period Arts Fan Co. Each of the fan models are inspired by American and Europeans design movements of the 20th Century, including Arts and Crafts movement, Neoclassicism, Art Nouveau, Wiener Werkstatte, Viennese Secessionism, Bauhaus along with Futurism and French Art Deco.
His designs have been exhibited in museums and have appeared in movies, TV shows, books and magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="20908342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908342" title="2009 in tennis">
2009 in tennis

This page covers all the major events in the sport of tennis in 2009.
Changes.
The structure of both the WTA and ATP tours has been changed for 2009. On the men's side, Masters Series events have been replaced by Masters 1000 tournaments, while the International Series Gold and International Series tournaments are now 500 Series and 250 Series events respectively. The season-ending ATP World Tour Finals remains unchanged.
On the women's tour, the tiered system which has existed since 1988 has been scrapped in favour of a structure closer to the men's circuit. Tier I and Tier II have been merged form WTA Premier Tournaments. The Tier III and Tier IV have also been merged into International Tournaments. The WTA Tour Championships remains in the schedule but the WTA have also initiated a second season-ending tournament, the Commonwealth Bank Tour of Champions for eight players who did not qualify for the Tour Championships (usually below the top eight in the rankings).
News.
February.
February 1: Rafael Nadal defeats Roger Federer in five sets to win the Australian Open
March.
Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray win the BNP Paribas Open and the Sony Ericsson Open respectively
April.
Rafael Nadal wins the Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters, Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell, and the Internazionali BNL d'Italia
May.
May 17: Roger Federer overturns a 5 match losing streak to Rafael Nadal by defeating him in straight sets to win the Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open which ended his title drought
June.
June 7: Roger Federer ties Pete Sampras's all-time record with the most grand slam singles titles (14) by defeating Robin Söderling in the final to win his first Roland Garros title
July.
July 5: Roger Federer defeats Andy Roddick 5-7, 7-6(8), 7-6(5), 3-6, 16-14 to win his 6th Wimbledon title and record 15th Grand Slam singles title
ITF.
Davis Cup.
World Group Draw
World Group Play-offs
Fed Cup.
World Group Draw
Final.
World Group Play-offs
Date: 25–26 April
Hopman Cup.
Group A
Group B
Sony Ericsson WTA Tour.
WTA Tour Championships.
Singles Finals
Doubles Final

</doc>
<doc id="20908352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908352" title="Cheltenham Art Gallery &amp; Museum">
Cheltenham Art Gallery &amp; Museum

Cheltenham Art Gallery and Museum in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire was opened in 1899. It offers free admission, and has a programme of special exhibitions. 
The museum is housed in a Regency building on Clarence Street, designed as the Cheltenham Public Library by architect William Hill Knight, who also designed the Cheltenham Synagogue and Montpellier Walk.
Baron de Ferrieres, a former Mayor and Liberal MP for Cheltenham, gave 43 important paintings, mostly from Belgium and the Netherlands, to the town. He also donated £1,000 towards the building of a gallery in which to display them. The Museum was opened in 1907 in the adjacent former Schools of Art and Science. A major extension to the building was opened by the Princess Royal in September 1989, where the main entrance to the gallery is now situated. 
The museum is particularly noted for its Arts and Crafts collection of furniture, textiles, ceramics, carvings, silver and jewellery which is recognised as an outstanding collection of international importance for which the Art Gallery & Museum has received Designated status.
Cheltenham's history is well represented, and in addition there are paintings spanning four centuries, oriental collections of pottery and costume, and archaeological treasures from the neighbouring Cotswolds.
The Edward Wilson gallery shows the life of the Antarctic explorer who perished with Scott on his expedition to the South Pole in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="20908364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908364" title="The Coast (EP)">
The Coast (EP)

The Coast is the debut EP from Toronto, Canada-based indie rock group The Coast. The EP was first self-released in Canada on March 7, 2006, then released in the US by Aporia Records on May 29, 2007. The EP was produced by the band and Chris Hegge, who also provided backing vocals on "Evening's Heights." In 2004, when The Coast was known as The July 26th Movement, they released an EP titled "Take a Walk Outside", featuring an early version of the song of the same name found on the self-titled EP.
The EP garnered critical acclaim in Canadian music press. Rob Bolton of Canadian music magazine "Exclaim!" hailed: "The Coast are yet another example of the increasingly talented and seemingly unstoppable Canadian indie music scene."
Track listing.
"All songs written by The Coast."

</doc>
<doc id="20908378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908378" title="List of economic and technological development zones in Shanghai">
List of economic and technological development zones in Shanghai

This article is list of Economic and Technological Development Zones in Shanghai, China.
Shanghai Jiading Export Processing Zone is located in the northwest of Jiading Industrial Zone. With a designed area of 5.96 km2, Shanghai Jiading Export Processing Zone is divided into export processing area, developing spare area and supporting area. With the customs in Export Processing Zone supervised area of 3 km2, the designed area in Phrase One is 0.989 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="20908385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908385" title="Bob DeLaney">
Bob DeLaney

Robert Joseph DeLaney (born 1924 in Elmira, New York, died November 25, 2008 in Queens, New York) was an American sportscaster.
A 1942 graduate of Elmira Free Academy, DeLaney served in the United States Army in the Pacific theater during World War II. After returning to the States, he attended Syracuse University and worked with radio station WFBL in Syracuse. When the Boston Red Sox and Boston Braves decided to separate their radio coverage in 1951, Curt Gowdy, Tom Hussey and DeLaney were hired to call Red Sox games on WHDH. At the end of the 1954 season, DeLaney was hired to replace Ernie Harwell on New York Giants broadcasts. When the Giants moved to San Francisco in 1958, DeLaney was replaced by local announcer Lon Simmons.
After his stint with the Giants, DeLaney was hired as the announcer for live commercials for Atlantic Refining Company during New York Yankees games, a job he held for ten seasons. In April 1959, DeLaney became the announcer for John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign.
After the election, DeLaney worked as a television sports host in New York City from 1962–1968 and called the Ivy League Football Game of the Week on radio from 1964-1968. During the 1970s he served as narrator for the "NFL Films Game of the Week", a disc jockey at WFAS in White Plains, New York, and a freelance commercial voiceover artist. 
He died on November 25, 2008 from complications of a stroke at St. John's Queens Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20908391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908391" title="Irena Szydłowska">
Irena Szydłowska

Irena Szydłowska (born 28 January 1928 in Lwów, Poland- died 14 August 1983 in Warsaw, Poland) is an archer from Poland.
She competed for Poland in the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich, Germany in the individual event where she finished in second place. She also finished twentieth four years later in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20908400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908400" title="Östberg">
Östberg

Östberg is a Swedish surname. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20908403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908403" title="Thomas Fitzpatrick (cartoonist)">
Thomas Fitzpatrick (cartoonist)

Thomas Fitzpatrick (27 March 1860 – 16 July 1912), pen name Fitz, was an Irish political cartoonist. 
Fitzpatrick was born in Cork. He contributed to the satirical magazine "Pat" (published from 1881-1883), the "Weekly Freeman", the "Irish Figaro", the "Irish Emerald", the "Weekly Nation", "Punch" and the "New York Gaelic American", and was for a time chief cartoonist of the "National Press". In 1905 he launched his own satirical magazine, "The Lepracaun", which he edited and drew most of the cartoons and illustrations for until his health began to fail in 1911. James Joyce contributed short pieces and cartoon ideas. He died in Dublin. 
A collection of Fitzpatrick's cartoons from "The Lepracaun" was published in book form in 1913. He was also a master illuminator and with his daughter, artist Mary Fitzpatrick O'Brien, he produced many illuminated and richly decorated scrolls and paintings, many reflecting the influence of the early Celtic Revival. He was the grandfather of the Irish fantasy artist Jim Fitzpatrick.

</doc>
<doc id="20908409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908409" title="Sväng">
Sväng

Sväng is a Finnish quartet with each member of the group playing a harmonica and other mouth organ. They were formed in 2003 by Jouko Kyhälä and have released four albums since that date.
Eero Turkka chromatic and diatonic harmonicas 
Eero Turkka got interested in blues harp as a little boy and ended up studying in Sibelius Academy. Besides harmonica he plays several other ethnic instruments and sings in multiple bands, including Turkka & Paalanen, Äijä, Trepaanit and Cedip Tur. Eero has graduated from Sibelius Academy in 2006.
Eero Grundström 
chromatic and diatonic harmonicas
Eero Grundström graduated from Sibelius Academy folk music department in 2008. He is also a multi-instrumentalist, composer and true improvisation wizard and has worked in all musical fields including free improvisation, theatre, circus, rock, jazz and modern. Apart from harmonica, Eero plays harmonium and other keyboards. His other projects are Spontaani Vire, Iso Karhu and Von & Af, Vilda Rosor with Maria Kalaniemi, Sähköpaimen, Crosscountry 50km and many more.
Pasi Leino bass harmonica
Pasi Leino is the most senior member of the band. He worked several years with a best known Finnish harmonica trio/quartet “Raimo Sirkiä”. This trio was active almost 10 years between 1980 and 1990. They were victorious in 1994 Trossingen harmonica festival.
Jouko Kyhälä chord harmonica “Harmonetta”, chromatic and diatonic harmonicas
Dr. Kyhälä graduated from Sibelius Academy folk music department in 1999 as the first to major harmonica. He completed his post graduate studies and became the first Doctor of Harmonica Arts in April 2007.
Kyhälä has multiple musical capacities having worked with folk, jazz, pop, improvisation and modern dance projects as a composer, musician, performer, etc. Kyhälä plays keyboards and harmonica in over 20 albums. His other projects include Markku Lepistö & co, Pekka Lehti & Outo Voima, Sysihai and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="20908424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908424" title="Saptak Festival of Music">
Saptak Festival of Music

The Saptak Sangeet Samaroh (Music Festival) is an annual 13-day classical music event, held in Ahmedabad, India, from the 1st to 13 January every year, and attended by hundreds of people.
History.
The festival started in 1980 by Nandan and Manju Mehta, Rupande Shah, Bharti Parikh and D.D. Trivedi, with the blessings of Pandit Ravi Shankar and the late Pandit Kishan Maharaj. 
The festival features both emerging talents and established performers. Besides pure classical music, it also includes performances of folk music, classical dance forms, and semi-classical forms such as thumri.

</doc>
<doc id="20908435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908435" title="C. Muthuswamy Gounder">
C. Muthuswamy Gounder

C. Muthuswamy Gounder (born 1917) was a Swatantra Party politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu who served as the Member of Parliament for Karur from 1967 to 1971.
Background.
Muthuswamy Gounder was born in 1917 in a prominent family of Karur in Tamil Nadu (then in Madras Presidency). His father was a district-level politician and member of the taluk and district boards while his uncle was a member of Lok Sabha. Muthuswamy graduated in agricultural science before entering politics.
Politics.
Muthuswamy, initially, joined the Indian National Congress and served as a Pradesh Congress Committee member. In 1957, he left the Indian National Congress and joined the National Democratic Congress started by Rajaji. He was the Joint Secreatary of the National Democratic Congress until it merger with the Swatantra Party. He became the President of the Trichy district unit of the Swatanta Party and successfully stood for election to the Lok Sabha from Karur.
Muthuswamy served as the Member of Parliament for Karur from 1967 to 1971 when he lost to K. Gopal of the Indian National Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="20908442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908442" title="Suna No Oshiro">
Suna No Oshiro


</doc>
<doc id="20908447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908447" title="Vingboons">
Vingboons

Vingboons is a Dutch surname. It usually refers to one of the following three sons of David Vinckboons (1576-c.1632), Dutch painter:

</doc>
<doc id="20908449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908449" title="Timothy Starks">
Timothy Starks

Timothy Starks was a professional football player for the Minnesota Vikings in 1987 when he was 24 years old. He attended Kent State. He played defensive back. He is 5'9" and weighs 175lbs. He was born on December 30, 1963 in Mobile, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="20908460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908460" title="Fairview Dome">
Fairview Dome

Fairview Dome is a prominent granite dome in Yosemite National Park, located north of Cathedral Peak and west of Tuolumne Meadows.
John Muir wrote of the peak:
The north face route is popular with rock climbers and is listed in the classic guidebook "Fifty Classic Climbs of North America". Routes vary in difficulty up to possibly class 5.11.

</doc>
<doc id="20908466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908466" title="Peter Lambert (rosarian)">
Peter Lambert (rosarian)

Peter Lambert (1859–1939) was a German rose breeder from Trier.
Life.
Peter Lambert was born on 1 June 1859 in Trier, Germany. He acquired a knowledge of roses working with his father Nicholas Lambert in the Lambert & Reiter nursery, later Lambert & Söhne (Lambert & Sons). The brothers Johann and Nicholas had started the firm in 1869 with Jean Reiter, a nurseryman. Peter trained at a Prussian school of horticulture and gained experience working in nurseries in France and England. In 1891 he started his own nursery, eventually employing more than seventy workers. 
In 1900 he married Léonie Lamesch, daughter of the Luxembourg rose breeder. To her he had dedicated one of his dwarf Polyanthas crossing Polyanthas with Noisettes. He maintained good contacts with Luxembourg nurseries (Soupert & Notting, Gemen-Bourg, and Ketten Freres), who distributed his varieties.
Peter Lambert helped establish the Europa-Rosarium at Sangerhausen in 1904 and the rosarium in Zweibrücken in 1914. He was also a founder of the Verein Deutscher Rosenfreunde (German Rose Society). He became its director and edited its "Rosen-Zeitung" 1890–1911. He was a jurist for rose competitions in Saint Petersburg, Paris, Haarlem, London, Lyon and Florence.
Lambert's rose dedications (over 100 by 1914) make a survey of contemporary German wartime and pre-war society. There are the usual rose people and their relations. Likewise aristocratic and military worthies, though the sabre rattles more loudly than usual: the rose 'Herero-Trotha' celebrates von Trotha's genocidal efforts in German Southwest Africa. Danzig is declared in 1935 to be 'Deutsches Danzig.' There is an "economic adviser," a "financial adviser" and a "confidential adviser," no doubt prominent public servants. Other names show Lambert's interest in poets ('Hoffmann von Fallersleben'), wine-growing areas and chess players.
He died on 20 February 1939. 
"Lambert's garden in the walls of the old Benedictine abbey in Trier and his collection of roses … were all destroyed during World War II." After the war, a street in Trier was named after him and a rose garden in Nells Park planted in his honour.
Rose breeding.
From the late 1890s Lambert began to breed his own rose varieties, introducing the first ones in 1899. The Alsatian Schmitt's Three Graces – the roses 'Thalia', 'Euphrosyne' and 'Aglaïa'– were promoted by Lambert and provided material for many of his early crosses. 
For fifty years Lambert bred original and much admired hybrid teas ('Kaiserin Auguste Viktoria', 'Frau Karl Druschki'), Chinas ('Unermüdliche'), Hybrid perpetuals ('Moselblümchen'), Rugosa crosses ('Schneezwerg'), Pernetianas ('Von Scharnhost'), Bourbon–China crosses ('Adam Messerich') and Multiflora ramblers ('Mosel'). 
Lambert and his firm survived World War I but
Not surprisingly his production of new varieties declined in the 1930s, his own seventies. But the very late 'Mozart' and 'Martha Lambert' are striking and original.

</doc>
<doc id="20908470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908470" title="Adolphe-Marie Gubler">
Adolphe-Marie Gubler

Adolphe-Marie Gubler (5 April 1821 – 20 April 1879) was a French physician and pharmacologist born in Metz.
Originally a student of botany, he began his medical studies in 1841 at Paris, where he was a pupil of Armand Trousseau (1801–1867). In 1845 he became an "interne des hôpitaux", earning his doctorate in 1849. Afterwards he worked as a physician at the Hôpital Beaujon, and in 1853 earned his agrégation with a thesis on cirrhosis of the liver. In 1868 he was appointed professor of therapy to the medical faculty in Paris, maintaining this position until his death in 1879.
Gubler made a number of contributions in the fields of medicine and pharmacology. He is credited with being the first physician to differentiate between hemotogenous and hepatogenous icterus. His name is associated with "Millard-Gubler syndrome", a condition characterized by softening of brain tissue that is caused by blockage of blood vessels of the pons. The disease is named in conjunction with Auguste Louis Jules Millard (1830–1915), who initially described the disorder in 1855. The eponymous "Gubler's line" is a line of superficial origin of the trigeminal nerve on the pons, a lesion below which results in the aforementioned Millard-Gubler syndrome. 
He was the author of many works on botany, clinical medicine, physiology and pharmacology, with several articles on the latter subject being published in the ""Journal de thérapeutique"". Among his better written efforts was an 1856 treatise on hemiplegia titled "De l'hémiplégie alterne envisagée comme signe de lésion de la protubérance annulaire et comme preuve de la décussation des nerfs faciaux", and a major publication involving pharmacopoeia called "Commentaires thérapeutiques du codex medicamentarius", a book that was awarded the "Chaussier Prize" ("Prix Chaussier", named after anatomist François Chaussier) by the "Académie des sciences". 
Gubler was a founding member of the "Société de biologie", and in 1865 became a member of the "Académie de médecine". 
While still an interne, he was asked by Dr. Trousseau to serve as a traveling companion to a young man suffering from emotional distress. While in Milan, Gubler was seriously wounded by a gunshot from his companion, forcing him to spend a year recuperating in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="20908485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908485" title="Trochulus villosus">
Trochulus villosus

Trochulus villosus is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20908488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908488" title="Patched">
Patched

Patched (Ptc) is a conserved 12-pass transmembrane protein receptor that plays an obligate negative regulatory role in the Hedgehog signaling pathway in insects and vertebrates. The original mutations in the ptc gene were discovered in the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster by 1995 Nobel Laureates Eric F. Wieschaus and Christiane Nusslein-Volhard and colleagues, and the gene was independently cloned in 1989 by Joan Hooper in the laboratory of Matthew P. Scott, and by Philip Ingham and colleagues. Patched is an essential gene in embryogenesis that is important for proper segmentation in the fly embryo, mutations in which may be embryonic lethal. Patched functions as the receptor for the Hedgehog protein and controls its spatial distribution, in part via endocytosis of bound Hedgehog protein, which is then targeted for lysosomal degradation.
Role in presence and absence of Hedgehog Signaling.
Patched is part of a negative feedback mechanism for Hedgehog signaling that helps shape the spatial gradient of signaling activity across tissues. In the absence of hedgehog, low levels of patched are sufficient to suppress activity of the signal transduction pathway. When Hedgehog is present and binds to Patched, Patched somehow inhibits the activity of Smoothened, a G protein-coupled receptor, most of which is stored in membrane bound vesicles internally within the cell and which increases at the cell surface when Hedgehog is present. Smoothened must be present on the cell membrane in order for the Hedgehog signaling pathway to be activated. Among other genes, the transcription of the patched gene is induced by Hedgehog signaling, with the accumulation of the Patched protein limiting signaling through the Smoothened protein. Recent work implicates the cilium in intracellular trafficking of Hedgehog signaling components in vertebrate cells.
Role in Disease.
Mutated patched proteins have been implicated in a number of cancers including Basal Cell Carcinoma, Medulloblastoma, and Rhabdomyosarcoma. Hereditary mutations in the human patched homolog PTCH1 cause autosomal dominant Gorlin syndrome, which consists of overgrowth and hereditary disposition to cancer including basal cell carcinoma and medulloblastoma. Mice with mutations in mouse PTCH1 develop medulloblastoma.

</doc>
<doc id="20908491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908491" title="USS Severn (1918)">
USS Severn (1918)

The third USS "Severn" was United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from August-November 1918.
"Severn" was built as a civilian wooden-hulled motorboat of the same name. In August 1918, the U.S. Navy acquired "Severn" on a free lease from the Maryland Conservation Commission to serve as a section patrol boat during World War I.
Service history.
Assigned to the 5th Naval District and under the command of Chief Master at Arms George A. Haddaway, "Severn" conducted patrols on the Chesapeake Bay in the West River-Galesville, Maryland, area for the rest of World War I. The Navy returned her to the Maryland Conservation Commission on 27 November 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20908504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908504" title="2003 Spengler Cup">
2003 Spengler Cup

The 2003 Spengler Cup was held in Davos, Switzerland between December 26, 2003 and December 31, 2003. All matches were played at host HC Davos's home Eisstadion Davos. The final was won 7-4 by Team Canada over host HC Davos.
Tournament.
Round-Robin results.
All times local (CET/UTC +1)

</doc>
<doc id="20908510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908510" title="Little Minnesota">
Little Minnesota

"Little Minnesota" is the 11th episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and 75th overall. It originally aired on December 15, 2008.
Plot.
Robin enters MacLaren's wearing an unseasonal t-shirt and explains to Ted that the cold weather doesn't affect her because she's from Canada. Marshall agrees and compares New York in winter to a spring day in Minnesota, except for all the taxis, skyscrapers and non-white people. When Robin expresses homesickness, Marshall takes her to the "Walleye Saloon", a Minnesota-themed bar that he goes to when he misses his family. Unfortunately she likes it so much that she ends up pretending to be from Bemidji, Minnesota to befriend the bar patrons, much to Marshall's frustration. His frustration grows when she claims his story about the as her own and boils over after she beats his high score on the "Fisherman's Quest" video game, at which point he unmasks Robin as a Canadian. Marshall apologizes to Robin for outing her as a Canadian, and reassures her that despite her lack of job or boyfriend, she still belongs in New York with her friends. To help ease her Christmas homesickness he takes her to a Canadian-themed bar, the "Hoser Hut", capped off with a crowd-pleasing karaoke rendition of Robin's teenage hit "Let's Go to the Mall".
Meanwhile, Ted reveals that his sister Heather (Erin Cahill) has arrived in New York and is planning to move there. According to Ted, Heather is irresponsible, citing examples such as the time she sold his possessions to buy tickets and travel to a Nine Inch Nails concert in Spain, and he doubts that she will ever actually move there. Additionally, Ted has prevented Barney from meeting Heather each time she has visited, fearing that Barney would try to hook up with her. However, his attempt to prevent their meeting again is immediately foiled when Barney is found waiting for the group when Ted brings Heather to the apartment after Lily, being unable to keep secrets, accidentally tipped off Barney. Barney is hurt that Ted tried to keep him away from Heather and explains that he never intended to act on all the inappropriate jokes he made. Ted explains that he does not trust Heather or Barney, though he eventually relents and invites Barney to dinner with them on Sunday. 
Over dinner, Heather and Ted discuss her decision to move to New York to work in finance and she asks him to co-sign the lease of an apartment she found. However, his lack of faith in her proves an obstacle. Frustrated with Ted's insensitivity, Heather and Barney stage a fake sexual encounter after their interview at Goliath National Bank and ensure that Lily walks in on them, knowing that she won't be able to keep it a secret from Ted. Heather and Barney persist in taunting Ted until he confronts them at MacLaren's, claiming that Heather has never taken responsibility for herself. Barney explains the plan to the surprised Ted and Lily, at the same time revealing that he kissed Ted's mother. Heather storms out to find a hotel, denouncing Ted for refusing to accept that she has grown up. Eventually Ted makes up with Heather and co-signs her lease, telling her he wants to get to know the new her.
Music.
"Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm" by Crash Test Dummies, sung by a man in the Canadian bar karaoke.
Critical response.
Donna Bowman of The A.V. Club rated the episode with a grade B-.
Michelle Zoromski of IGN gave the episode 9.8 out of 10, saying Barney steals the show once again.

</doc>
<doc id="20908516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908516" title="Broe Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Broe Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Broe Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 43.

</doc>
<doc id="20908532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908532" title="Hanover Bridge">
Hanover Bridge

The Hanover Bridge is a bridge spanning the Crow River between Hassan Township, Minnesota in Hennepin County and Hanover in Wright County. It is one of the last remaining wrought iron pin-connected Pratt truss bridges in the state.
Construction.
The Hanover bridge was built in 1885 by the Morse Bridge Company of Youngstown, Ohio. The company later changed its name to the Youngstown Bridge Company, and merged into the American Bridge Company in 1900.
Limited Weight.
The bridge carried traffic until December 1966, although its weight limit was rather low. Children riding school buses to school would have to get off on one side and walk across the bridge, and then the bus would slowly drive across and pick up the students on the other side.
Updated Use.
Although the bridge was later replaced by a modern concrete structure 1500 feet to the west, the old bridge is in use as a pedestrian bridge. Hanover citizens renovated the bridge in the 1980s. Additional rehabilitation work was completed in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20908534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908534" title="Keelin Winters">
Keelin Winters

Keelin Winters (born December 9, 1988) is an American professional soccer midfielder who currently plays for the Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League. She previously played for the Boston Breakers in Women's Professional Soccer and for the Seattle Sounders.
Early life.
Winters was born in Cleveland, Ohio to parents, Brian and Julie Winters. She has five siblings. Her father played nine years in the NBA for the Los Angeles Lakers and Milwaukee Bucks and later went on to coach in both the NBA and WNBA. 
Winters played one year of high school soccer at Carondelet High School in Concord, California before moving to Colorado and joining Regis Jesuit High School where she was named team MVP all four years. Winters earned first team all-state honors from 2006-2007 and all-state honorable mention honors in 2005. As a freshman, she helped Carondelet to the 2003 North Coast Section finals.
She played for the Region IV Team in the Olympic Development Program in 2005 as well as the Colorado State Team from 2004-2006.
University of Portland.
Winters attended the University of Portland and played for the Portland Pilots from 2007-2010.
In 2007, Winters played a total of 1,457 minutes. She was named Soccer Buzz First Team Freshman All-America, West Coast Conference (WCC) Freshman of the Year, Soccer Buzz All-West Region Second Team, All-WCC Second Team and Nike Portland Invitational Defensive MVP. She was also named National Team of the Week on two separate occasions.
In 2008, Winters missed five games, including all playoff matches, while training and playing at the U-20 World Cup. She was named All-WCC honorable mention.
In 2009, Winters started all 23 for the Pilots scoring two goals and notching two assists during the season as co-captain of the team. She was named to the NSCAA Scholar All-West Region Second Team, West Coast Conference (WCC) All-Academic First Team and All-WCC Second Team.
In 2010, she was selected as the West Coast Conference (WCC) player of the year.
Playing career.
Club.
Boston Breakers.
Winters was selected in the first round of the 2011 WPS Draft by the Boston Breakers. She scored her first goal in the 22nd minute of her pro debut. Through the 2011 WPS season she was one of the best players for the breakers recording 3 goals and 2 assists in the 2011 regular season. Winters' excellent form in her first season got her nominated for the WPS Rookie of the Year Award. Winters helped the Breakers to the post season where she scored a goal for them in a 3-1 loss to magicJack, which was their only playoff game.
Seattle Sounders.
On March 8, 2012, Winters inked a contract with Seattle Sounders under head coach, Michelle French. Of her signing, she said, "Once WPS was suspended, I was obviously really disappointed. I thought about going overseas, but transfer windows were closed and things became really complicated and frustrating...Alex Morgan asked if I was interested in playing with her on the Sounders. knew I have been living in Seattle. Right after that, I went back and sent [Michelle an email to find out more information about the Sounders Women. So that's how it all started for me." Winters played in eight matches for the Sounders Women, scoring one goal and serving one assist. The team finished second in the Western Conference with a 10–3–1 record. 
1. FFC Turbine Potsdam.
On May 10, 2012, it was announced that Winters would join German Bundesliga side 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam effective July 1, 2012. During the team's season opener against VfL Sindelfingen, she scored the first goal helping her team win 9–1. Her second goal on the season came during the 45th minute of Potsdam's 5–1 victory over SGS Essen on November 4, 2012. She made nine appearances for the team during the 2012/2013 season with eight starts. 
During the domestic cup, Frauen DFB Pokal, Winters scored three goals: two during Potsdam's 5–3 win over SGS Essen on October 7, 2012 and the lone game-winning goal against SC 07 Bad Neuenahr. During the 2012-13 UEFA Women's Champions League, she scored a goal in the team's 3–4 loss to Arsenal L.F.C..
Seattle Reign FC.
In 2013, after originally being allocated to the Chicago Red Stars as part of the NWSL Player Allocation, Winters was traded to Seattle Reign FC for the inaugural season of the National Women's Soccer League. She captained the team to a seventh place standing for the season. Winters played in 19 of the team's 22 games of the season, tallying a total of 1,710 minutes as a central midfielder for the squad. She scored one goal against the Western New York Flash on June 24, 2013 with an inside-the-eighteen yard box finish off an assist from Teresa Noyola. She also had one assist on the season. In October 2013, it was announced that she had signed a two-year contract with the Reign as a free agent (non-allocated player). 
International.
Winters was named captain of the United States U-20 women's national soccer team in 2008, leading the team to the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Chile. She scored the game-winning goal in the quarterfinal match against England. The United States squad would go on to win the championship, two years after finishing in fourth place at the 2006 U-20 Women's World Cup in Russia. 
Winters was part of the United States U23 squad for the 2011 Four Nations Tournament. 
On May 9, 2012, Winters was called up for the United States match against China.
Personal.
She is the daughter of former NBA player and WNBA coach Brian Winters.

</doc>
<doc id="20908535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908535" title="Rachyal">
Rachyal

The Rachyal are a Jat tribe, found mainly in the Kotli and Mirpur districts of Azad Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="20908546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908546" title="1995 ABC Under-18 Championship">
1995 ABC Under-18 Championship

The ABC Under-18 Championship 1995 is the 13th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at Manila, Philippines from March 3–11, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20908547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908547" title="Eldon Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Eldon Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Eldon Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 53

</doc>
<doc id="20908551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908551" title="Aya Korem">
Aya Korem

Aya Korem () is an Israeli pop/rock singer and songwriter.
Background.
Aya Korem was born on 7 January 1980 in Nazareth Ilit and spent her childhood there. After she graduated high school, she served as a tank instructor at the IDF's Armored Corps.
Since childhood Korem has been singing and performing, playing the guitar and the piano. Between 2001 and 2004, she studied Songwriting, Composition and Performance at the Rimon School of Jazz and Contemporary Music in Ramat HaSharon, a school that gave birth to many Israeli singers such as Noa and Aviv Geffen. She was part of the "magic class", studying together with Miri Mesika, Keren Peles, Ohad Hitman and Eric Berman that went on to be popular singers. She enrolled in the music college just to "pass some time" until she decided what she really wanted to study, but ended up having a successful music career. She dreamed of being an architect, and one of her temporary jobs was cake baking at a bakery.
Nowadays Aya lives in Tel Aviv. She has a public profile on Facebook a Twitter account and an Instagram account.
2005–2007: Breakthrough.
Aya Korem started her music career as a songwriter during her studies. Aya's first public exposure was the song "Ata af Pa'am" (אתה אף פעם, "You Will Never"), released in the first album of Miri Mesika in April 2005 and a theme song she wrote and performed for a TV show called "Hama'arehet". Only after receiving compliments for her voice did she decide to also become a singer and started working on her own album.
In 2006 Korem released her debut album, "Aya Korem". It was produced by Ori Zakh, a close friend and Miri Mesika's husband, a Rimon graduate who also produced both Miri Mesika's albums and Ohad Hitman's first album. The work on the album's songs began already during Aya's studies. In February 2006 the first single was released, "Kayitz" (קיץ, "Summer")—a song of hope for a lover that would come one day "like summer". The second single from the album, "Shir Ahava Pashut" (שיר אהבה פשוט, "Simple Love Song") was released in March 2006, reached No. 1 on the Reshet Gimel chart and came 4th in the Song of the Year competition. Later came "Klipa" (קליפה, "Peel"), "Yonatan Shapira" (יונתן שפירא), "BeSof HaLayla" (בסוף הלילה, "In the end of the night"), "Ata Zorem Etzli BaDam" (אתה זורם אצלי בדם, "You Are Flowing in My Blood") and "HaShir shel Itay" (השיר של איתי, "Itay's Song"). The album features mostly songs written by Korem herself. 
"Yonatan Shapira", which Korem wrote as an assignment to write a song about a job announcement, is a humorous love song for a pilot Aya met during her studies in Rimon, one of the signers of the pilots' letter. According to Aya Korem, Yonatan Shapira was not pleased with the song, but living abroad, did not suffer much from the consequences.
Korem received the Golden Album award, which was handed over to her on her 27th birthday party. The album sold about 30,000 copies. Korem recorded videos for some of the songs and went on a 1.5-year performance tour. At the beginning she performed with a band, but after taking part in a piano festival in the end of 2006, she switched to more intimate gigs, performing with a piano and a cello only.
2008: "Safa Zara".
Having yet about 70 songs unpublished, Aya Korem released her second album, "Safa Zara" (שפה זרה, "Foreign Language"), on 28 February 2008. The album included songs she wrote at the age of 26–27 and has jazz, cabaret and country influences. The lyrics deal with a wider range of subjects than those of the first album. The first single, "HaSof shel HaSipur" (הסוף של הסיפור, "The End of the Story"), is a sad love song co-written by Aya Korem and Eric Berman. The single was released in December 2007. In February 2008 "Al Ta'amini" (אל תאמיני, "Do Not Believe") was released. The lyrics of "Al Ta'amini" talk about the fleeting condition of a celebrity in the popular culture. ""And then somebody will say: 'your time is over, and now let someone else take the stage'"", wrote Korem. The song was inspired by Janis Ian's song "Stars", which is even credited in the liner notes of the album. Two more songs from this album have been released as singles: "Otobiografia" (אוטוביוגרפיה, "Autobiography") and "Akhshav Kazot" (עכשיו כזאת, "Now like This"). 
The lyrics of "Zahav Shahor" (זהב שחור, "Black Gold") are a female answer to the classic song "Atur Mitzkhekh" written by Yoni Rechter. Korem's producer Ori Zakh sent Aya's lyrics to Rechter, and Rechter agreed to write music for the song. In 2009 Aya Korem also recorded the original song "Atur Mitzkhekh" for the 70th birthday of its original singer, Arik Einstein. The song "Tania" (טניה) is inspired by Louis-Ferdinand Céline's novel "Journey to the End of the Night". Most of the songs are written by Korem herself also in her second album. The exceptions are "Ruhot HaMa'arav" (רוחות המערב, "Western Winds") by Yonatan Gotfeld, "Akhshav Kazot" with music by Ilay Botner, "HaSof shel HaSipur" and "Zahav Shahor".
Both albums were recorded with the Anana label of the Hed Arzi Music corporation. 
In 2008 Korem recorded a cover for Eran Tzur's song "Erev Bet Kislev" (ערב ב' כסלו, "The 2nd of Kislev Eve") for the "Hebrew Labor 2" collection of cover versions dedicated to the 60th anniversary of independence. Korem also musically produced the song. She also performed three of her songs for the "Pizmon Hozer" project, dedicated to the birthday of Gilad Shalit, a captured Israeli soldier, and organized by the NRG website operated by Ma'ariv.
Korem kept performing after the release of "Safa Zara". At the performances she introduced the audience to a new political protest song, "Ha'Isha im HaSakit" (האישה עם השקית, "The Woman with the Bag").
2009-2011.
Korem wrote songs for other artists, such as Miri Mesika and Nurit Galron, produced a tribute for "Kaveret" band, starred in a version of the king and I and hosted, for two seasons, together with Danny Robas, a TV show, called "Israeli Duet", where the two hosted and performed with some of Israel's best musicians.
2011: "Lealef Et HaSusim".
On 30 June 2011, Korem released her third album, "Lealef Et HaSusim" (לאלף את הסוסים, "Taming Horses"). for the first time, this was an independent album. after walking out on her former label, Korem decide to not only produce it by herself, but to also accompany it in her blog, where she published a detailed guide on how to "do it yourself" and the advantages of being an independent artist. This album, produced by Gil Lewis and Tomer Lenzinger, included the songs "shesh ve'esrim", "Rona Omeret" and a cover for the song "Tziltzuley Pa'amonim" by Ahoova Uzery. it got wall to wall praise, for being one of the best Israeli albums released in 2011. 
These days, Korem is performing and working on her 4th album, to be released in 2013. She published her song "מהנדסת מחשבים" ("Computer Engineer") in Hebrew and Perl on the web.

</doc>
<doc id="20908564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908564" title="St. Andreas Castle">
St. Andreas Castle

St. Andreas Castle () is a privately owned castle located in Cham, in the Canton of Zug, Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
The castle hill has been used since at least 400 AD, based on Roman artifacts found there. The site of the neighboring chapel has been used for religious ceremonies since the Roman era. During the 8th century the chapel site was used by a "holy bishop without a name" for Christian services. 
Today the castle and chapel are located on a private park. While the castle is privately owned, the grounds are opened to the public twice a year.

</doc>
<doc id="20908574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908574" title="Kazbek Pagiyev">
Kazbek Pagiyev

Kazbek Khazbiyevich Pagiyev () (22 February 1959 – 31 December 2008) was a Russian politician who was assassinated in 2008.
Early life.
Pagiyev was born Alagir on 22 February 1959.
Career.
Pagiyev was the former deputy prime minister of North Ossetia. He served as former mayor of its capital, Vladikavkaz, from 2002 to December 2007. He was replaced by late Vitaly Karayev as mayor. He resigned as deputy prime minister in December 2008. His term lasted short, just from November to December 2008.
Assassination.
Pagiyev was killed by two unknown assailants on 31 December 2008 as he was being driven in his car in Vladikavkaz. His driver was also killed in the attack. There was speculation that the murders of Pagiyev and his mayoral predecessor Vitaly Karayev were connected, or possibly carried out by the same people.
In March 2009, nine men were arrested due to their alleged involvement in assassinations of Karayev and Pagiyev. Pagiyev's killer, Alexander Jussoyev, was sentenced to 20 years in prison on 11 August 2011. Jussoyev was said to be a member of an organized crime group.

</doc>
<doc id="20908581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908581" title="Stealing Jane">
Stealing Jane

Stealing Jane is an eight piece band from New York. They formed in the year 2001 under the name of HyJinX, and changed their name to "Stealing Jane" in 2007. Their music is a combination of rock, pop, R&B, ska, and groove rock.
Biography.
The band's name changed from HyJinX to Stealing Jane in 2007 once the band's focus shifted from a mix of original songs along with cover song material to original material only.
Stealing Jane (HyJinX) has played at venues such as Giants Stadium, The Bitter End, BB Kings, and the Webster Theater. They have played with OneRepublic, Spin Doctors, Lifehouse, Hanson, Pepper, Toots & the Maytals, Catch 22, Big D and The Kids Table, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Zox, RX Bandits, and Eve 6, among other acts.
As HyJinx, they received first place in the Long Island Music Festival, held by Long Island, NY publication Good Times Magazine. They have received radio play in 15 states. Stealing Jane's music appeared on XM radio, with Opie and Anthony in 2007. They reviewed the band's single "Heartbreaker", which received a great deal of positive response. The EP "Say Something" was released in August 2007.
Personnel.
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="20908584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908584" title="Gallop Ministry">
Gallop Ministry

The Gallop Ministry was the 33rd Ministry of the Government of Western Australia, and was led by Labor Premier Geoff Gallop and his deputy, Eric Ripper. It succeeded the Court–Cowan Ministry on 16 February 2001, following the defeat of the Liberal-National coalition government at the 2001 election six days earlier. The Ministry was reconstituted on 10 March 2005 following the February 2005 election. It was succeeded by the Carpenter Ministry on 3 February 2006 due to the retirement of Dr Geoff Gallop from politics on 25 January.
First Ministry.
The Governor, Ken Michael, designated 14 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers and parliamentary secretaries were then appointed to the positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 10 March 2005. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index.
Second Ministry.
Following the state election on 26 February 2005, the Ministry was reconstituted on 10 March—the only personnel change resulted from the retirement from politics of Clive Brown.
The Governor, Ken Michael, designated 17 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers and parliamentary secretaries were then appointed to the positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 10 March 2005. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index.

</doc>
<doc id="20908588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908588" title="Venezuelan Consulate-General, Houston">
Venezuelan Consulate-General, Houston

The Consulate-General of Venezuela in Houston (Spanish: "Consulado General de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela en Houston") is a diplomatic mission of Venezuela in Houston, Texas, United States. It is located at Suite 220 at 2401 Fountain View Drive. The consulate serves Texas, Kansas, New Mexico, and Oklahoma.
History.
At one point the consulate was located in Suite 900 at 2925 Briarpark Drive in the Westchase area of Houston. In August 2008 the Venezuelans asked for permission to move to a new location. Nichole Thompson, a United States State Department spokesperson, said that the Venezuelan officials moved into the new location before receiving permission from the U.S. officials. Therefore in November of that year the United States State Department announced that it would revoke the visas of the diplomats at the Houston office and close it. The consulate resumed normal operations on December 1 of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20908590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908590" title="Dowding Ministry">
Dowding Ministry

The Dowding Ministry was the 30th Ministry of the Government of Western Australia, and was led by Labor Premier Peter Dowding and his deputy, David Parker. It succeeded the Burke Ministry on 25 February 1988, upon the retirement of Brian Burke from politics on the fifth anniversary of his becoming Premier. 
The Ministry was reconstituted on 28 February 1989 following the 1989 election, due in part to the defeat of one minister, Barry Hodge (MLA for Melville), and the Parliamentary Secretary of the Cabinet, John Read (MLA for Mandurah), by opposition Liberal candidates.
The second term of the Ministry was a particularly difficult one due to ongoing revelations relating to the government's past dealings with relation to WA Inc, and with a federal election approaching, considerable pressure was being exerted on the State Government. On 7 February 1990, a majority of the 47-member Labor caucus signed an open letter calling on Dowding to step down, and in a caucus meeting on 12 February 1990, Dowding and Parker resigned. The Ministry was succeeded six days later by the Lawrence Ministry led by the Minister for Education and Aboriginal Affairs, Dr Carmen Lawrence, and her deputy, Ian Taylor.
Members.
First Ministry.
On 25 February 1988, the Governor, Gordon Reid, designated 17 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers were then appointed to the positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 28 February 1989.
The members of the First Dowding Ministry were:
Second Ministry.
On 28 February 1989, the Governor, Gordon Reid, reconstituted the Ministry. He designated 17 principal executive offices of the Government and appointed the following ministers to the positions, who served until the Lawrence Ministry was established on 19 February 1990.
On 12 February 1990, Premier Peter Dowding resigned all of his ministerial portfolios, being replaced in them temporarily by Carmen Lawrence, who retained Education and Aboriginal Affairs. Deputy Premier David Parker resigned purely as Deputy Premier, retaining the Treasury, Resources Development and the Arts; Ian Taylor became Deputy Premier and retained Police and Emergency Services, Conservation and Land Management and Waterways.
The members of the Ministry were:

</doc>
<doc id="20908602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908602" title="List of economic and technological development zones in Beijing">
List of economic and technological development zones in Beijing

This article is a list of Economic and Technological Development Zones in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="20908612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908612" title="Botanie Mountain">
Botanie Mountain

Botanie Mountain, also spelled Bootahnie Mountain, is a mountain in the Clear Range of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. It is located immediately north of the village of Lytton, which is situated at the confluence of the Thompson and Fraser Rivers.
Access and fire lookout.
A fire lookout stands atop a peak approximately to the south (elevation ) which is owned and maintained by the local wireless society for TV, radio, and digital transmission. The current view from the lookout can be seen via a live webcam. The lookout is accessible by two very rough 4x4 roads which approach from either end of the mountain, which is somewhat ridge-like, on a north-south axis. The roads have been decommissioned and are no longer driveable above a certain elevation. The summit is one of the highest on the east flank of the Fraser Canyon and enjoys views over the Scarped Range and Thompson Plateau to the east and southeast, across the Thompson River's lower canyon, the Clear Range to the north and northwest, the Cascade Mountains to the south, and west across the Fraser to the Lillooet Ranges.
Name.
The older spelling "Boothanie" is suggestive of the proper pronunciation of the mountain's name, i.e. it is unlike the English word "botany" and has been "phonetically" spelled as Boo-TAW-ny. In the language of the Thompson or Nlaka'pamux people, it means "covered", "covering" or "blanketed all over", which is thought to be a reference to its shroud of cloud or fog in times of bad weather, or else a reference to the abundant plant cover in the area. The Botanie Valley, which is formed by Botanie Creek on its east flank and runs south from Botanie Lake, is an important food-plant gathering area for the Nlaka'pamux.
A publication of the Geological Survey of Canada, Summary Report from 1894, asserts the name-origin (p. 402B) to the Shuswap language of the Secwepemc people, meaning "perpetual root place". Secwepemc territory today begins in the basin of Hat Creek, which lies on the "inside" of the Clear Range to the northwest of Botanie Mountain. The mountain is, however, decidedly in Nlaka'pamux territory.

</doc>
<doc id="20908614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908614" title="S. Xavier">
S. Xavier

S. Xavier (1920 - December 6, 2009) was a lawyer, trade union leader and Swatantra party politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. He served as the Member of Lok Sabha for Tirunelveli from 1967 to 1971 and expired on Dec 6th 2009.
Early life.
Xavier was born in a Dalit family in the year 1920. He graduated in 1941 and entered government service the very same year. He studied law and graduated as a lawyer in 1952 and started practising from 1953 onwards. Xavier lead various trade unions and worker's organisations in Madras state.
Politics.
Xavier took an active interest in politics and joined the Swatantra party established by C. Rajagopalachari in 1959. He contested in the 1967 elections from Tirunelveli and was elected to the Lok Sabha.

</doc>
<doc id="20908616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908616" title="George MacIntyre">
George MacIntyre

George Matthew MacIntyre (born April 30, 1939) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Tennessee at Martin from 1975 to 1977 and at Vanderbilt University from 1979 to 1985, compiling a career college football record of 43–66–1. At Vanderbilt in 1982, he won the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award.
Biography.
MacIntyre graduated from Andrew Jackson High School in Jacksonville, Florida in 1957 and played quarterback on the school football team. He then was quarterback at the University of Miami for the 1958 season. MacIntyre sat out the 1957 season due to a broken wrist and served as a backup to All-America quarterback Fran Curci in 1958 and 1959 and to Eddie Johns in 1960. For the 1960 season, MacIntyre also was the holder for field goals. In Miami's final game of 1960, against Air Force, MacIntyre successfully threw a touchdown pass as part of a fake field goal. This play contributed to Miami's 23-14 victory and earned MacIntyre the nickname "The Finger". After graduating from Miami, MacIntyre became an assistant football coach at Terry Parker High School in Jacksonville in 1961 and 1963 and served in the military in 1962. In 1964, MacIntyre became a football recruiting administrator at the University of Miami. He would stay at Miami until 1967 and would join the University of Tampa football coaching staff as defensive coordinator in 1968.
From 1970 to 1972, MacIntyre was the defensive back coach at Clemson and then was assistant coach for Vanderbilt from 1973 to 1974. The 1974 Peach Bowl between Vanderbilt and Texas Tech ended with a 6-6 tie. MacIntyre took his first head coaching position in 1975 with UT Martin and would remain head coach with UT Martin until 1977. In three seasons, MacIntyre had an overall 18–14 record with UT Martin, with a 2-8 record in 1975 and 8-3 records in both 1976 and 1977. In 1978, MacIntyre was offensive coordinator for Ole Miss (the University of Mississippi).
MacIntyre again became a head coach in 1979, this time with Vanderbilt, having previously been an assistant coach for Vanderbilt from 1973 to 1974. Following three losing seasons (1–10 in 1979, 2–9 in 1980, and 4–7 in 1981), Vanderbilt went 8–4 in 1982 and earned a berth in the Hall of Fame Classic Bowl. This would be Vanderbilt's only winning season with MacIntyre as coach, and MacIntyre would have an overall 25–52–1 record as Vanderbilt head coach from 1979 to 1985. After the 1985 season, MacIntyre resigned from Vanderbilt, blaming the "continuing rise in academic standards, both in admissions and in the retaining of student athletes" for Vanderbilt's losing seasons.
After leaving Vanderbilt, MacIntyre led a company that provided summer sales employment to college athletes until 1991, when he became head football coach and interim headmaster of Donelson Christian Academy in Nashville, the city where Vanderbilt is located. MacIntyre returned to Jacksonville in 1993 as the head coach at the Episcopal School of Jacksonville and worked his final coaching position as running backs coach at Liberty University. In 1999, MacIntyre retired from coaching after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
MacIntyre's son George Michael "Mike" MacIntyre has been a football coach at both the collegiate and professional levels since the 1990s and most recently became head coach at the University of Colorado since 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20908639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908639" title="Expatriate (album)">
Expatriate (album)

Expatriate is the debut album from Toronto, Canada-based indie rock group The Coast. The album was released in Canada on April 1, 2008 and in the UK on February 9, 2009 via Aporia Records. The album was released digitally in the US on August 19, 2008, and was released on CD on May 5, 2009 by Minneapolis-based indie record label Afternoon Records. "Expatriate" follows the band's critically acclaimed debut self-titled EP from 2006. The album was produced, recorded, and mixed by Chris Stringer in late 2007. "Tightrope" was the first single, released on 7" vinyl in 2008 by Magnificent Sevens, and as a promo single in the UK in early February 2009. The Coast toured the US and Canada extensively after the album's initial release.
In an interview, Ian Fosbery said: "An expatriate is a person who is not from this country and we started to feel like because we're always on the road and we're not always around, we'd come home and it's a really weird feeling, like you feel out of place."
"Expatriate" was released to generally positive reviews. "Soundcheck" magazine proclaimed the band "has just penned a gem of an indie pop album that serves as a sparkling expedition into thick, layered pop music that is equal parts Tokyo Police Club simplicity and U2 crescendos," and hailed the band's "dramatic interlacing of densely composed rock and charmingly earnest pop music."
Track listing.
"All songs written by The Coast."

</doc>
<doc id="20908670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908670" title="Sydney Leroux">
Sydney Leroux

Sydney Rae Leroux (born May 7, 1990) is a Canadian-born American professional soccer player and Olympic gold medalist. As a forward, she currently plays for the Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL). After representing Canada at various youth levels, she chose to play for the United States women's national under-20 soccer team starting in 2008 and later began playing for the U.S. senior national team in 2012. Leroux has earned over 40 caps with the senior national team and was part of the Americans' winning squad at the 2012 London Olympics.
Leroux played collegiate soccer for the UCLA Bruins and at the semi-professional level for the Vancouver Whitecaps. She made her debut for the Whitecaps at the age of fifteen, becoming the youngest player ever to play for the team. Leroux was the number one pick by the Atlanta Beat during the 2012 WPS Draft on January 13, 2012. Following the suspension of the league in early 2012, she played for the Seattle Sounders Women during the summer of the same year. She made her professional debut for the Boston Breakers in the NWSL during the league's inaugural season in 2013.
Early life.
Leroux was born in Surrey, British Columbia to a Canadian mother, Sandi Leroux, and an American father, Ray Chadwick. Her mother played third base for the Canadian national softball team. Her father was a professional baseball player who pitched briefly for the California Angels in 1986. Coming from a family of baseball players, Sydney played baseball for Whalley Little League from 1994–2004. Leroux was raised primarily by her mother after her parents split when her mother was three months pregnant with Sydney.
During her freshman and sophomore year of high school, Leroux attended Johnston Heights Secondary School in Surrey where she was the leading scorer on the soccer team. Also a track and field athlete, she won Provincials in the 4 × 100 metres relay with her team. Leroux played three seasons of club soccer with Coquitlam City Wild, helping the team to Provincial Cup Championships in 2003, 2004 and 2005. Leroux's prolific goalscoring helped the team win the under-14 national championship in 2003. She secured a bronze medal in helping the team finish third at the under-16 national tournament in 2005. Leroux became the youngest player to play for the Vancouver Whitecaps of the W-League at the age of 15. She also won a championship as part of a British Columbia select team at the Canada Games in 2005.
Leroux stated that at a very early age, she knew she wanted to play for the United States women's national soccer team. To pursue her goal, she moved to Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 15 and attended Horizon High School during her junior and senior years while living with multiple host families. Despite having a challenging time adjusting to life without her family and friends, she helped lead Sereno Soccer Club to state titles in 2007 and 2008. Of her move to the United States, she said, "It was not easy. It was probably one of the most difficult things I ever had to do, move away from everything that I knew and was comfortable with to something that I had no idea about. Not having any family around. Doing it on my own. As a 15-year-old, that's kind of hard. I had to grow up really fast [...] But I guess it's all worth it. Now I have a chance to prove myself, and that's what I enjoy, and that's why I did what I did."
College career.
Leroux played collegiate soccer for the UCLA Bruins from 2008 to 2011, under head coaches Jillian Ellis (2008–10) and B.J. Snow (2011). During her freshman season, she started 18 of the 19 games in which she played. She was the sixth-highest scorer on the team with five goals and six assists for a total of 16 points on the season, and was named to the All-Freshman Team in the Pacific-10 Conference (Pac-10). During her second year, she led UCLA in scoring with 48 points (23 goals, two assists) and was a semi-finalist for the Hermann Trophy. Her 23 goals ranked second in the Pac-10 and tied with teammate Lauren Cheney for a new single-season record at UCLA. Leroux earned Soccer America MVP second team, Second-team All-Pac-10, and 2009 NCAA All-Tournament Team honors the same year. During the first round of the NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Tournament, she tied the school's record for most goals scored in a single match after scoring four during the team's 7–1 defeat of Boise State University.
As a junior, Leroux ranked fifth in UCLA history for career points (91) as well as fourth in goals (41) and game-winning goals (15). She ranked third in the Pac-10 for goals (13) and second in game-winning goals (6) earning her First-team Soccer America MVP, Third-team NSCAA All-American, First-team NSCAA All-Pacific Region, and First-team All-Pac-10 honors the same year. During the Bruins' first game of her junior season in 2010, she scored four goals against Cal Poly Pomona helping her team win 7–0. She was subsequently named Pac-10 Player of the Week. Leroux scored the game-winning goal during the second round of the 2010 NCAA Tournament helping the Bruins defeat the UCF Knights 2–1 and advance to the third round where they lost to Stanford.
During her final year with the Bruins in 2011, she led the team in scoring for the third straight season with 16 goals and three assists for a total of 35 points. She was named First-team NSCAA All-American, Soccer America's MVP First Team, and was a semi-finalist for the Hermann Trophy. She scored eight game-winning goals, more than any other player in the newly renamed Pacific-12 Conference. She scored her first hat trick of the season (the third of her collegiate career) in 21 minutes during a 6–1 win over Arizona State in October 2011. At the Bruins' next game against Colorado, Leroux scored another hat trick helping her team win 8–0. She finished her collegiate career ranked fourth in UCLA's record books for points (126), goals (57), and game-winning goals (23).
Playing career.
Club.
Vancouver Whitecaps, 2005 and 2011.
Leroux played for the Vancouver Whitecaps during the 2005 W-League season, becoming the youngest player to ever play for the team aged 15 years and seven days. She returned to the Whitecaps for the 2011 season. She ranked second in the league for goals scored with 11 finishing the regular season with 24 points in 11 appearances. After helping the Whitecaps advance to the W-League Championship Final Four with a goal during the team's 4–3 defeat of Santa Clarita Blue Heat in the Western Conference Final, Leroux was named to the All-Western Conference team. Post-season, she was named 2011 W-League Rookie of the Year.
WPS Draft and Seattle Sounders Women, 2012.
Leroux was the number one pick by the Atlanta Beat in the 2012 WPS Draft, though the league folded before she could play for the team. During the summer of 2012, Leroux joined fellow U.S. national team players, Hope Solo, Alex Morgan, Stephanie Cox, and Megan Rapinoe on the Seattle Sounders Women in the W-League. Sounders Women head coach, Michelle French, said of the signing, "Sydney is the consummate goal scorer with an incredible attacking attitude. She not only shows tireless effort on the offensive side of the ball, but she is very unique in that she prides herself on her defensive recovery and ability to win the ball back. She makes an impact no matter where she plays on the field." Due to her national team commitments and preparation for the 2012 Summer Olympics, Leroux made only two regular season appearances for the club. She scored two goals and served one assist in her 168 minutes on the pitch. With the national teammates' presence on the team, the Sounders sold out nine of their ten home matches at the 4,500 capacity Starfire Stadium. Average attendance during the 2012 season for the Sounders Women was four times higher than the next closest team.
Boston Breakers, 2013.
In January 2013, Heather O'Reilly, Heather Mitts and Leroux were the three United States national team players allocated to the Boston Breakers for the inaugural season of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL). She scored her first goal of the season in the 91st minute of the Breakers' season opener against the Washington Spirit, tying the game 1–1 in stoppage time. Leroux scored the league's first ever hat trick during the Breakers' 4–1 win against the Chicago Red Stars on May 4 and was subsequently named NWSL Player of the Week. On July 3, she scored another equalizer against the Seattle Reign FC, resulting in a 1–1 draw. A few days later on July 6, she scored two goals against the Portland Thorns FC resulting in a 2–0 win for the Breakers in front of 12,436 fans at Jeld-Wen Field.
Leroux's 11 goals scored during the season tied for second with national teammate Abby Wambach of the Western New York Flash. Lauren Holiday of FC Kansas City was in first place with 12. The Breakers finished the 2013 season fifth in the league with an record.
Seattle Reign FC, 2014.
On November 18, 2013, it was announced that Leroux had been traded to the Seattle Reign FC for the 2014 NWSL season in exchange for Kristie Mewis, Michelle Betos and the Reign's first two picks in the 2015 draft. Ebullient Reign FC head coach Laura Harvey hailed the signing of Leroux: "One of the world's best forwards. She is a young, extraordinary talent with unlimited upside. Sydney will be the consistent goal-scoring threat that we struggled to find last season."
International.
Youth national teams.
By virtue of her parents' nationalities, Leroux was eligible to represent either Canada or the United States. Playing for Canada at the age of 14, she was the youngest individual to participate in the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Cup, held in Thailand. She served as captain of Canada's under-15 team that traveled to Germany in 2005.
Leroux received clearance from FIFA to change her allegiance to the United States in 2008 and went on to help the under-20 national team win the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Santiago, Chile. She scored in the first half of the final against North Korea. She represented the United States at the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup and ended her under-20 career as the country's all-time leading scorer in Under-20 Women's World Cup play with 10 goals. At the under-20 level, she is among the country's most capped players with 36 games and is the all-time leading scorer for the U.S. with 30 goals. In 2012, she was named the 2011 U.S. Soccer Young Female Athlete of the Year, playing for both the senior and under-23 national teams.
U.S. senior national team.
Leroux played at the 2012 CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament as a member of the United States senior national team. In her second cap for the senior side, Leroux scored five goals in a CONCACAF Olympic qualifying match between the U.S. and Guatemala; the final score of the match was 13–0. Leroux's performance tied the record for goals scored in a single match by one player in a CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Tournament. She also tied the single-game record for the national team, equaling previous performances by her teammates Amy Rodriguez and Abby Wambach in 2012 and 2004 respectively.
In 2012, Leroux set a new team scoring record as a reserve on the team with 12 goals scored off the bench in one year. The previous record of nine goals was set by Debbie Keller in 1998.
From Algarve to the London Olympics, 2012.
During the 2012 Algarve Cup, Leroux scored the team's fifth goal in the 93rd minute of the U.S.' first group stage match against Denmark, in which the U.S. won 5–0. During the team's second group stage match, she scored the game-winning goal against Norway in the 81st minute. After losing to Japan in the third group stage match, the team defeated Sweden 4–0 to clinch third place at the tournament.
Leroux was the youngest player and a goal-scoring member of the Olympic gold medal-winning team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She scored the second goal against New Zealand during the quarter final match of the tournament helping the U.S. win 2–0.
Algarve Cup, Controversy in Toronto, 2013.
During the team's second group stage match at the 2013 Algarve Cup, Leroux opened the scoring for the U.S. when she netted a goal in the 13th minute. Her goal was followed by four others from her teammates resulting in a 5–0 win over China. The U.S. went on to win the tournament after defeating Germany 2–0 in the final.
While playing in a sold-out friendly match against Canada at BMO Field in Toronto, Ontario in June 2013, Leroux was booed by Canadian fans throughout the match. After scoring during stoppage time to bring the score to 3–0 in favor of the U.S., Leroux celebrated her goal by hushing the crowd and pointing to the U.S. emblem on her jersey which further inflamed many fans in the crowd. After the game, she stated via Twitter, "When you chant racial slurs, taunt me and talk about my family don't be mad when I shush you and show pride in what I represent. #america." The U.S. Soccer Federation announced that Leroux had "endured abuse both verbally and in social media" since switching to the U.S. national soccer team in 2008, however Leroux later clarified that no such incidents took place at BMO Field. "My tweet from this morning wasn't in response to anything from yesterday's match at BMO Field. In fact, the atmosphere at the stadium was a positive step forward for women's soccer. Unfortunately, the type of abuse I have received in the past and via social media for my decision to play for the United States is a step backwards. That is what prompted my response in the heat of the moment."
During a friendly against Mexico in September 2013, Leroux scored a hat trick in nine minutes, helping the U.S. win 7–0.
Personal life.
Leroux holds dual citizenship in Canada and the United States. Her nickname is "Syd the Kid". Her chihuahua, "Boss Leroux", has thousands of Twitter followers and is often featured in the media along with Sydney.
Endorsements.
Leroux has appeared in several advertisements and promotional pieces for Nike. In December 2013, she and national teammate Alex Morgan were featured in Nike's "Winning in a Winter Wonderland" commercial along with other professional athletes including Robinson Cano, Justin Tuck, and Julia Mancuso.
In popular culture.
Television and video.
Leroux was the focus of an ESPN feature entitled "Living Her Dream" which profiled her evolution as an international soccer player. She was a guest on Canada's "Breakfast Television" in August 2012 following the 2012 Olympics. In October 2013, she was interviewed by Grete Eliassen for an EspnW short feature, "Q&A With Sydney Leroux." The same month, she was profiled in "Fox Soccer Exclusive: Sydney Leroux" for Fox Soccer Channel. In December 2013, Leroux was featured in episode 9 of AOL's online series, "My Ink".
Magazines.
Leroux was one of 21 professional athletes featured in ESPN's "The Body Issue" in 2013. She appeared semi-nude on one of eight covers for the magazine. Of the experience she said, "I think a lot of females struggle with the way they look, and I wanted to show that everyone's body is different. I think it's a big deal to be an athlete and feel confident in your body and show it off. I'm not going to say I've never struggled with how I look, but I've reached a point in my life where I'm happy with who I am."

</doc>
<doc id="20908679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908679" title="2002 Spengler Cup">
2002 Spengler Cup

The 2002 Spengler Cup was held in Davos, Switzerland between December 26, 2002 and December 31, 2002. All matches were played at host HC Davos's home Eisstadion Davos. The final was won 3-2 by Team Canada over host HC Davos.
Tournament.
Round-Robin results.
All times local (CET/UTC +1)

</doc>
<doc id="20908691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908691" title="Provisional measure of protection">
Provisional measure of protection

A provisional measure of protection is the term that the International Court of Justice (ICJ, World Court) uses to describe a procedure "roughly equivalent" to an interim order (which can be either a temporary restraining order or a temporary directive order) in national legal systems. The carrying out of the procedure is termed "indicating" the provisional measure of protection. Requests for the indication of provisional measures of protection take priority over all other cases before the ICJ due to their urgency.
History.
As of 1989, the ICJ had dealt with twelve "requests for the indication of provisional measures of protection". Some of the parties involved include Iran, Pakistan, the United States, Nicaragua, Burkina Faso and Mali. On August 13, 2008, during the 2008 South Ossetia War, Georgia submitted a request for the indication of provisional measures of protection. This request was approved with a vote of 8 to 7. 

</doc>
<doc id="20908702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908702" title="Esmond Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Esmond Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Esmond Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20908706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908706" title="Deggendorf-Plattling Railway">
Deggendorf-Plattling Railway

The Deggendorf–Plattling Railway company ("Deggendorf–Plattlinger Eisenbahn AG") was an early German railway company founded in 1865 with an original capital of 300,000 gulden and established to build a railway line between Deggendorf and Plattling in Bavaria, southern Germany. The capital was divided into 3,000 shares of 100 gulden each.
Railway line and operations.
The company received a royal concession on 18 February 1865 to build a line operated by standard gauge locomotives for passenger and goods services between Plattling Ostbahn station and Fischerdorf on the right bank of the Danube opposite Deggendorf. Early plans to operate a horse-drawn wagonway were dropped, but they then had to accept that the end of the line would be on the right bank, because the bridge over the Danube, built in 1859, was too weak to take locomotives. 
The line ran from the station at Plattling, opened in 1860 by the Bavarian Eastern Railway Company ("AG der Bayerischen Ostbahnen") without any large structures, as far as the Danube landing place opposite Deggendorf and had a length of 8,695 m. It was opened on 8 March 1866; operations having already started on 1 March. In 1867 four pairs of trains ran daily between 6 am and 10 pm.
Although the line was able to pay a dividend of 6% in the early years, they let the "Ostbahn" take over operations on 10 August 1867. On 6 September 1872 a contract was signed transferring the Deggendorf–Plattling Railway in entirety to the "Ostbahn" for a purchase price of 273,000 gulden.
Running and rolling stock.
The company owned two locomotives, four passenger coaches, a mail van and several goods wagons. The light locomotives were 0-4-0 inside frame engines built by the firm of Joseph Anton von Maffei of Munich, with an axle base of only 1.835 m. They were given the names "Deggendorf" (Maffei 1866/575) and "Bayerischer Wald" (Maffei 1866/576) and needed 24 minutes to complete the journey. The engines were given numbers D 13 and D 14 by the "Ostbahn". The Royal Bavarian State Railways incorporated them into Class D with numbers 1176 and 1177. They were retired in December and October 1895. Previous to that, the "Deggendorf" had hauled shuttle services between Geiselhöring and Sünching on the Regensburg–Passau railway; the "Bayerwald" had been diverted to the line from Miltenberg to Amorbach.
Closure.
On the construction of the Bavarian Forest railway from Plattling via Deggendorf and Zwiesel to Bayerisch Eisenstein in 1873, the roadbed of the Deggendorf–Plattling line could not be used, because the new railway line had to be laid northwest of the old route due to the steep inclines near the edge of the Bavarian Forest and this required a higher station at Deggendorf. In addition the "Ostbahn" moved the station at Plattling some several hundred metres further west. As a result the Deggendorf–Plattling Railway ceased running services on 16 September 1877 on the opening of the Forest railway by the Royal Bavarian State Railways which had taken over the "Ostbahn" on 15 May 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20908728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908728" title="Hesper Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Hesper Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Hesper Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 83.

</doc>
<doc id="20908747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908747" title="USS Severn (1898)">
USS Severn (1898)

The third USS "Chesapeake" and second "USS Severn" was a three-masted, sheathed, wooden-hulled bark with auxiliary steam power in commission in the United States Navy during most of the period between 1900 and 1916.
Construction and commissioning.
USS "Chesapeake" was laid down on 2 August 1898 by Bath Iron Works at Bath, Maine. She was launched on 30 June 1899, sponsored by Miss Elise Bradford, and commissioned on 12 April 1900 with Lieutenant Commander C. E. Colahan in command.
Service history.
As "Chesapeake".
"Chesapeake" was towed to Annapolis, Maryland, where she assumed duties as station ship and as training ship for midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy. Renamed Severn on 15 June 1905, she decommissioned twice for repair and overhaul, provided facilities for seamanship drills at the Naval Academy and conducted summer cruises off southern New England through 1909.
As "Severn".
On 15 February 1910, "Severn" was ordered refitted as a submarine tender. On completion of that work in mid-May 1910, she reported for duty with the 3rd Submarine Division. Until 1913, she performed submarine tender duties off New England during the summer and in the Chesapeake Bay during the winter, her movements being accomplished under tow. She was decommissioned a third time for overhaul after summer maneuvers in 1913.
"Severn" was recommissioned on 15 November 1913 and transferred to the Panama Canal Zone. She arrived at Coco Solo, Panama, on 12 December 1913 and served as tender to the 1st Submarine Division until July 1916.
"Severn" was ordered back to the United States in July 1916. She arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, under tow by collier , on 1 August 1916.
Final decommissioning and disposal.
"Severn" was decommissioned for the last time on 3 October 1916. She was sold to F. G. McDonald of Ardmore, Pennsylvania, on 7 December 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20908760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908760" title="Institut de Mathématiques de Toulouse">
Institut de Mathématiques de Toulouse

The Institut de Mathématiques de Toulouse (IMT) is the Toulouse Mathematics Institute, a CNRS Research Laboratory which federates the mathematics community of the Toulouse area in France. The IMT is constituted by three main teams (in 2008):
The IMT is one of the largest French research centers in mathematics, and its scientific activities cover almost all domains of mathematics. It comprises approximately 180 permanent researchers and 100 PhD students (in 2008), belonging to various institutions of the University of Toulouse.
The main buildings of the IMT are located on the Paul Sabatier University campus.
The IMT is responsible of the Fermat Prize and the Annales de la Faculté des Sciences de Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20908771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908771" title="Bolands Centre">
Bolands Centre

The Bolands Centre in Cairns, Queensland Australia is a heritage-listed building. Built in 1912, the Centre was home to a David Jones department store and a prominent toy shop.
Heritage listing.
The Bolands Centre was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20908796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908796" title="North East Neighborhood House">
North East Neighborhood House

North East Neighborhood House is a building in the Northeast neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. The building housed a social services organization established in 1915 by Plymouth Church, a Minneapolis congregational church. The roots of the organization go back to Immanuel Sunday School, established in 1881 near Second Street Northeast and Broadway Street Northeast. The school later built a new building, Drummond Hall, near Second Street Northeast and 15th Avenue Northeast. The church expanded its programs to include various social services and clubs for neighborhood residents who had immigrated to Northeast Minneapolis from France, Germany, and Scandinavia. The demographics of the area had changed by the 1910s, though, and most of the newcomers were from eastern Europe. These newcomers still needed social services, but since most of them were Catholic, they were unwilling to accept Protestant religious education. The attendance dropped, forcing Drummond Hall to close in 1913.
Plymouth Church still wanted to provide social services in northeast Minneapolis, so they commissioned a study to determine what they could provide for social services. The key finding of the study was that the neighborhood needed a sense of unity, since immigrants from various ethnic groups had differences with each other. The study found that they could acquaint new immigrants with American cultural norms and provide education, health care, and recreation. The church established a settlement house and hired Robbins Gilman, who had recently been fired from University Settlement House because of his support for the Industrial Workers of the World. The house opened in the Drummond Hall building, but later moved to a new, larger building a few blocks north.
The house continued in operation until the early 1960s, when it merged with the Margaret Barry House, another settlement house. The combined organization was renamed East Side Neighborhood Services. East Side Neighborhood Services moved out of the Georgian Revival building in 2001 and into a new, modern building. The 1919 building was renovated and now serves as apartments. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20908822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908822" title="HAT-P-8b">
HAT-P-8b

HAT-P-8b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 750 light years away in the constellation of Pegasus, orbiting the 10th magnitude star GSC 02757-01152. This planet was discovered by transit on December 5, 2008. Despite the designation as HAT-P-8b, it is the 11th planet discovered by the HATNet Project. The mass of the planet is 50% more than Jupiter while the radius is also 50% more than Jupiter. The mass of this planet is exact since the inclination of the orbit is known, typical for transiting planets. This is a so-called “hot Jupiter” because this Jupiter-like gas giant planet orbits in a really close torch orbit around the star, making this planet extremely hot (in the order of a thousand kelvins). The distance from the star is roughly 20 times smaller that of Earth from the Sun, which places the planet roughly 8 times closer to its star than Mercury is from the Sun. The “year” on this planet lasts only 3 days, 1 hour, 49 minutes, and 54 seconds, compared with Earth's 365 days, 6 hours, 9 minutes, and 10 seconds in a sidereal year.

</doc>
<doc id="20908874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908874" title="1998 Spengler Cup">
1998 Spengler Cup

The 1998 Spengler Cup was held in Davos, Switzerland between December 26, 1998 and December 31, 1998. All matches were played at host HC Davos's home Eisstadion Davos. The final was won 5-2 by Team Canada over host HC Davos.
Tournament.
Round-Robin results.
All times local (CET/UTC +1)

</doc>
<doc id="20908918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908918" title="Dil-Dil Plateau">
Dil-Dil Plateau

The Dil-Dil Plateau is a small lava plateau on the west side of the upper valley of Big Creek in the southern Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia. The plateau is a shelf-like extension of the subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges containing Taseko Mountain and Mount Vic to the west, and is roughly rectangular in shape, and of c.25–30 km2 in area and forming a transition between the range and the Chilcotin Plateau at 2000m-2300m.
The Dil-Dil Plateau consists of mostly flat lying basaltic lava flows with ages ranging from Miocene to Pliocene on the geologic time scale. These basalts are part of a larger volcanic formation known as the Chilcotin Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20908941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20908941" title="Raymond Moore (tennis)">
Raymond Moore (tennis)

Raymond J. Moore (born 24 August 1946, in Johannesburg, South Africa), is a former professional tennis player from South Africa. During his career he won 8 doubles titles, finishing runner-up an additional 12 times (in doubles). Moore participated in 12 Davis Cup ties for South Africa from 1967 to 1977, including the 1974 South African victory, posting a 12–10 record in singles and an 0–1 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20909026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909026" title="Banu Hudhayl">
Banu Hudhayl

Banu Hothail are an Adnanite tribe of western Saudi Arabia in Hijjaz. They are descended from Hothail, who was a grandson of Ilyas (known as Elijah in Jewish and Christian traditions) who was named after the prophet Elijah.
Ancestry.
The tribe traces a genealogical history backwards from their eponymous ancestor to Adam:
Hothail son of Madrakah son of Ilyas ( Elijah) son of Madher son of Nazar son of Ma'ad son of Adnan son of Add son of Send son of Napyot son of Ishmael son of Abraham son of Azar (Terah) son of Nahoor son of Srooj son of Ra'o son of Phaleg son of Aber son of Shaleh son of Arpheckshad son of Sam son of Noah son of Lamek son of Motoshaleh son of Edres (Enoch) son of Yared son of Mehlaiel son of Qenan son of Anosh son of Sheeth son of Adam
Branches.
Banu Hothail are divided in two branches: Lihyan ibn Hothail and Sa'ad ibn Hothail.
Lihyan ibn Hothail.
The descendants of Lihyan ibn Hothail who founded the Arab kingdom of Lihyan, and presently live in the desert between Mecca and Ta'if. They are now divided into two clans: 
Sa'ad ibn Hothail.
There are presently four descendent clans of Sa'ad ibn Hothail:

</doc>
<doc id="20909066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909066" title="Impark Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Impark Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Impark Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. At the 2000 census, its population was 40.

</doc>
<doc id="20909070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909070" title="XIII International Chopin Piano Competition">
XIII International Chopin Piano Competition

The XIII International Chopin Piano Competition took place in Warsaw from October 1-22, 1995.
Competition Results (by rounds).
First Round.
"September 2-8".
Second Round.
"October 10-13"
Semi-finals.
"October 15 and 16"
Final.
"October 18 and 19"

</doc>
<doc id="20909094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909094" title="Iowa Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Iowa Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Iowa Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 33.

</doc>
<doc id="20909124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909124" title="Alicja Majewska">
Alicja Majewska

Alicja Majewska (born May 30, 1948) is a Polish singer. From 1971 to 1974, she was a member of the band Partita as vocalist. In 1975, she received the main award at the National Festival of Polish Song in Opole. She was awarded a Grand Prix at the 1980 festival in Rostock, and was honored in Havana (1985). She received the "Gloria Artis" medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20909146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909146" title="Protest Records">
Protest Records

Protest Records is a subversive, online record label that creates mp3 compilation albums, which are released for free download. The label was founded by Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth with Stephan Said. The original intent of the label was to actually produce vinyl LPs, which would have been secretly placed in records stores; the goal was to confuse record store clerks because the records would not have been in their computer system. This plan was rejected when the label owners realized it would be cost prohibitive. The label intended to release at least ten "volumes" or compilation albums but to date has released only eight. The label is now defunct in that it does not receive any new submissions and does not intend to release new material in the immediate future, but pledges to continues to host the previously released albums online. Some well-known artists who have been released on Protest Records include Beastie Boys (vol. 1), Cat Power (vol. 1), Sonic Youth (vol. 2), DJ Spooky (vol 3.), Saul Williams (vol 3.), Mudhoney (vol. 4), Chumbawamba (vol. 5), and Allen Ginsberg (vol. 7). The motto of the label is: "use 'em for yrself. give 'em to friends. just don't sell 'em".

</doc>
<doc id="20909150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909150" title="Knox Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Knox Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Knox Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 36.

</doc>
<doc id="20909154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909154" title="Uno (dicycle)">
Uno (dicycle)

The Uno is an electric-powered vehicle that bears a resemblance to a motorized unicycle. Described in news reports as either a "one wheeled motorcycle" or "electric unicycle", it is more accurately a dicycle, created by placing two closely spaced unaxial drive wheels side-by-side at the centre-point of the vehicle. The Uno III is based on the original Uno with the addition of a third wheel that allows it to transform from a dicycle to a tricycle.
Description.
The original Uno is controlled in forward motion by the rider shifting weight over the centre of gravity. When the rider shifts forward, the vehicle speeds up to regain balance, when the rider leans back, the vehicle slows. Steering is controlled by side-to-side motion of the rider. The vehicle senses this shift and raises one of the two wheels to allow the vehicle to tilt in the desired turn direction.
The Uno III has two configurations, as a dicycle and as a tricycle. As a dicycle it operates much the same as the original Uno with forward and back motion of the rider affecting acceleration. The Uno III also utilizes a hand throttle to affect acceleration and braking. Instead of using rider side-to-side movement to control steering the Uno III uses a rotating handlebar.
Background.
The Uno was conceived by Milton, Ontario teenager Ben Gulak in 2006, following a trip to China. After witnessing major smog pollution caused by heavy use of small motor vehicles, he decided he wanted to create an eco-friendly alternative. His initial design efforts consisted of an angle-iron frame with wheelchair motors, batteries and gyroscopes. He described his very first test-ride as "absolutely terrifying" and resulted in a crash and a chipped kneecap.
Blackwell and Gulak refined the Uno's gyro control system so the machine would properly balance and move smoothly. Gulak then used the revised plans to develop a prototype vehicle with the help of engineer Werner Poss, Veltronics Ltd. of Brampton, Ontario, John Cosentini of Motorcycle Enhancements, a custom motorcycle builder in Oakville, Ontario, and research partner Jason Morrow.
The vehicle had its first public unveiling at the Toronto Spring Motorcycle Show in 2008, and was awarded a Top-10 prize on Popular Science's list of 2008 Invention Awards In an episode of the CBC series "Dragons' Den", Gulak obtained $1,250,000 of venture capital for a 20% share in further development of the Uno cycle. However, the deal fell apart in due diligence and only W. Brett Wilson paid his $250,000 portion. 
According to Ben Gulak, in order to improve the safety and usability of the Uno his company BPG Inc developed the Uno III to be able to transform from the classic Uno dicycle into a motorcycle. Though not a motorcycle in the classic definition, the 'motorcycle mode' is actually a tricycle with the two rear wheels coming so close together that they resemble a single wide wheel. The Uno III transforms between these two modes while being ridden.

</doc>
<doc id="20909181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909181" title="El Trilogy">
El Trilogy

El Trilogy is the 17th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the BMG label in 2001 and features music commissioned to accompany performances by the Trisha Brown Dance Company performed by Douglas, Greg Cohen, Mark Feldman, Guy Klucevsek, Gregory Tardy and Susie Ibarra.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4½ stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="20909188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909188" title="Isabel Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Isabel Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Isabel Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 70.

</doc>
<doc id="20909189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909189" title="Rick Roman">
Rick Roman

Richard "Rick" Roman (1966–1992) was an actor and improvisational comedian from Philadelphia. While attending Temple University, Roman began his career in comedy partnering with Paul F. Tompkins in Philadelphia at The Comedy Works.
In 1989, Roman moved to Chicago. There, he worked with the ImprovOlympic and was a founding member of the Upright Citizens Brigade. His comedic style was described as similar to Andy Kaufman, and noted for always being 'in character'.
Roman was killed in April 1992, after the taxi he drove plunged into the Chicago River.

</doc>
<doc id="20909273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909273" title="Stephen Haggard">
Stephen Haggard

Stephen Hubert Avenel Haggard (21 March 1911 – 25 February 1943) was a British actor, writer and poet.
Early life.
Haggard was born on 21 March 1911 in Guatemala City, Guatemala and was the son of Sir Godfrey Digby Napier Haggard, a British diplomat, and his wife Georgianna Ruel Haggard. He was the grandnephew of author H. Rider Haggard, and the brother of photographer and author Virginia Haggard, the companion of the painter Marc Chagall. He was also the father of the film director Piers Haggard. Haggard was educated at Haileybury College, where he became close to the artist-schoolmaster Wilfrid Blunt.
Training and career.
After an initial foray into journalism, and determined to obtain some overseas experience,
Haggard moved to Munich, where he studied for stage at the Munich State Theatres under Frau Magda Lena. He made his stage debut at the Schauspelhaus in October 1930 in the play "Das Kluge Kind" directed by Max Reinhardt. He later appeared as Hamlet at the same theatre.
Returning to the United Kingdom in 1931, Haggard's career path was initially discouraging: he received only small parts in various London plays and worked in repertory in Worthing. He undertook further study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. and subsequently received good notices when he played Silvius in Shakespeare's "As You Like It" in London in 1933. He was noticed by the playwright Clemence Dane and Haggard made his first appearance in New York in 1934 as the poet Thomas Chatterton in her play "Come of Age". Returning to Britain, he had successful roles in a number of plays, including Flowers of the Forest, a production of Mazo de la Roche's "Whiteoaks", and appeared as Konstantin in Chekhov's "The Seagull", and was hailed as one of the most promising and handsome classical actors of the era.
Haggard married Morna Gillespie in September 1935, and they had three children, of whom one died young. 
In 1938 Haggard returned to New York to reprise his role as Finch in "Whiteoaks", which he also directed. His novel "Nya" was published in the same year.
He appeared as Mozart in the 1936 film "Whom the Gods Love". The film was not a success, in part because Haggard was considered to be inexperienced and unknown. He also appeared in Alfred Hitchcock's 1939 film "Jamaica Inn". He subsequently appeared as Lord Nelson in the 1942 Carol Reed film "The Young Mr Pitt".
Second World War.
At the outbreak of the Second World War Haggard joined the British Army, serving as a captain in the Intelligence Corps. His wife and two sons went to the United States in 1940, where his father was consul-general in New York. Shortly after their departure, he wrote his sons a letter, which was subsequently published in the "Atlantic Monthly" later that year as
"I'll Go to Bed at Noon: A Soldier's Letter to His Sons." Haggard was posted to the Middle East and worked for the Department of Political Warfare. There he met the author Olivia Manning and her husband, the broadcaster R.D. Smith. The latter recruited Haggard to play starring roles in his radio productions of "Henry V" and "Hamlet" on local radio in Jerusalem. 
While in the Middle East, Haggard fell in love with a beautiful Egyptian married woman whose husband worked in Palestine. Haggard was overworked and felt that the war had destroyed his acting career. He was on the edge of nervous breakdown when after some months the woman decided to end the relationship. Haggard shot himself on a train between Cairo and Palestine on 25 February 1943 at the age of 31. Manning based the character Aidan Sheridan in her "Fortunes of War" novel sequence on Haggard. The manner of Haggard's death was hushed up, and is not mentioned in the biography of Haggard written by Christopher Hassell and published in 1948. Haggard is buried in Heliopolis War Cemetery, in Cairo, Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20909275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909275" title="Will 2K">
Will 2K

"Will 2K" is the second single taken from American rapper Will Smith's second studio album, "Willenium". The single was released on September 9, 1999. The song was written by Smith with a selection of other songwriters, and was produced by Robinson, and samples instruments and lyrics from the chorus of The Clash's "Rock the Casbah," as well as bits from "Superappin'" by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. The single peaked at number two in the United Kingdom and is regarded as a favourite amongst fans. The song pays homage to the new millennium, despite being released nearly two months prior to these celebrations. The song features vocals from K-Ci.
Music video.
The music video for "Will 2K" premiered in September 1999, at a total length of five minutes and two seconds. The video was later added to Smith's official VEVO account on March 26, 2011. To date, it has received the least amount of views of any of Smith's videos, possibly due to it be unviewable from the United States. The video features Smith performing the song in a variety of futuristic settings, appearing a series of wacky costumes and situations. DJ Jazzy Jeff, Eve, K-Ci, Tisha Campbell-Martin and Duane Martin, among other celebrities make cameos in the video. The music video was parodied in an episode of Family Guy, in which the Griffins are victims of a Y2K explosion.

</doc>
<doc id="20909308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909308" title="Shelton Dube">
Shelton Dube

Shelton Dube (born 3 August 1990 in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe) is an English rugby league player with Halifax. He attended Wortley High School and currently lives in Leeds. Shelton began his career on Halifax's scholarship programme but turned professional with Huddersfield Giants. After rejecting a contract from the Giants, Had a spell on a pay-as-you-play deal at Castleford Tigers, the club he left to join Halifax in the 2006 season. He has since established himself as a first team regular at The Shay. Shelton plays as a hooker. He scored 7 tries in 14 appearances in his first season with Halifax, and 12 tries from 13 appearances this term.
The 2007-2008 season was a hard time for Shelton as he struggled with injuries. After injuring his knee in training before the start of the season, Shelton did not start his season until mid-August.

</doc>
<doc id="20909325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909325" title="Tiki Towers">
Tiki Towers

Tiki Towers is a game by RealNetworks division GameHouse for WiiWare, BlackBerry, iOS (iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad), Android, Windows Phone and Symbian S60. The game has been likened to the similar puzzle game "World of Goo".
Gameplay.
Based around a tropical Tiki culture-theme, the game involves players directing a troupe of monkeys to retrieve bananas by building towers of bamboo scaffolding to reach the fruits, with the ultimate goal of collecting all bananas and having all monkeys reach the designated "exit". This adds conflict as the player usually is tasked with building towers on a limited bamboo budget and if a tower falls it may prevent the monkeys from completing the level. 
On the Nintendo Wii version of the game, while much remains the same (with regard to the mobile versions), one significant difference is that the player must also fend off "evil monkeys" trying to sabotage the player's towers while the "good monkeys" (player's 'troupe') are working toward their goal.
Reception.
IGN called it a "fun and playable imitation" of "World of Goo", giving it a 7.3/10. WiiWare World gave it a 7/10, noting that as a solid game at a third of "Goo"'s price, it was worth a look.

</doc>
<doc id="20909351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909351" title="Wachusett Mountain State Reservation">
Wachusett Mountain State Reservation

Wachusett Mountain State Reservation is a protected area encompassing around the summit of Mount Wachusett in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20909368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909368" title="Willem Cornelisz. van Muyden">
Willem Cornelisz. van Muyden

Willem Cornelisz. van Muyden (1573, Muiden-1634, Amsterdam) was an early 17th-century mariner. He is known in The Netherlands as "De Eerste Walvisvanger" ("The First Whaleman") (1613). Van Muydenbukta and Van Mijenfjorden on the west coast of Spitsbergen and Kapp Muyen on the west coast of Jan Mayen are named after him.
Life.
Van Muyden started his career as a ship's carpenter, but in 1607 he shipped aboard a vessel loaded with grain for Italy. In 1609 he travelled to Norway and Saint-Malo. In 1611 he made his way to the Mediterranean, where his ship was seized by pirates. He arrived in Middelburg in January of the following year.
A company in Amsterdam under Lambert van Tweenhuysen, in the wake of the first whaling expedition to Spitsbergen, sent Van Muyden in the "Neptunus" to the same locale in 1612. They hired the adsconding bankrupt Alan Sallows as pilot, a man who had spent twenty years "in the Northern Seas" in the service of the Muscovy Company.
On 13 May (NS) the expedition ran into the English off Bjørnøya. The following day there was talk among the English to detain Sallows, but they ultimately decided to let him go. On 5 June the ship sailed into the northern entrance of Forlandsundet, where, the next day, Sallows told the English of the loss of their merchant Kijn, who had fallen off a cliff and broken his neck. The same day the "Neptunus" sailed to the south. They anchored in a small bay on the north shore of Bellsund later called "Van Muyden Harbor" (modern Van Muydenbukta). Lacking the expertise of Basque whalemen, they had little success with catching whales, and when the men asked Sallows how to catch Walrus and stated that they were prepared to follow his instructions, he provided none. Sallows proved incompetent. He appears to have never been to Spitsbergen before, as the information he provided the Dutch was incorrect; he in fact knew nothing about the country or its fauna. He further angered the men when drunk, daily consuming brandy.
The "Neptunus" returned to Amsterdam on 17 September. Evidently learning from their error, the Dutch recruited twelve Basque whalemen from St. Jean de Luz for the following year. Van Tweenhuysen equipped two ships, the "Neptunus", with Van Muyden again as master, and the "Fortuyn", Jan Jacobsz Vrijer, master. The "Neptunus" and "Fortuyn" arrived off the Spitsbergen coast on 27 May. On 2 June the ships arrived at Prins Karls Forland. In mid-June they sailed into Trygghamna, on the north side of Isfjorden, but were ordered away by the English just three days later. After being driven out of Grønfjorden and Van Muydenbukta, Van Muyden sailed to Recherchefjorden and settled in a little cove on its western shore, which he christened "Schoonhaven" (modern Josephbukta). From 25 June to 20 July they caught eighteen Bowhead whales, thirty walrus, and two polar bears. They were discovered here by the English on 21 July. They seized their goods and detained Vrijer until 25 July and Van Muyden until 28 July. Despite being ordered away, Van Muyden continued along the coast until 9 August, when he sailed homewards.
Van Muyden again sailed to Spitsbergen in 1614 and 1615. In 1616 he was again master of the "Neptunus", this time on a whaling voyage to the recently discovered Jan Mayen. He was among the first to arrive at the island early in June; he left in late July with a full cargo of oil. He appears to have sailed north in 1618, and in 1619 and again in 1621 he once more went to Jan Mayen. The last year he was living in a house on the Rapenburg. A year later, 1622, he lived on the Keizersgracht near the Greenland warehouses.

</doc>
<doc id="20909370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909370" title="Theses on the Philosophy of History">
Theses on the Philosophy of History

Theses on the Philosophy of History (also "On the Concept of History", from German: "Über den Begriff der Geschichte") is an essay written in early 1940 by German philosopher and critic Walter Benjamin. It is one of Benjamin's best-known, and most controversial works.
Composed of twenty numbered paragraphs, Benjamin wrote the brief essay shortly before attempting to escape from Vichy France, where French collaborationist government officials were handing over Jewish refugees like Benjamin to the Nazi Gestapo. "Theses" is the last major work Benjamin completed before fleeing to Spain where he committed suicide in September 1940.
Summary.
In the essay, Benjamin uses poetic and scientific analogies to present a critique of historicism.
One interpretation of Benjamin in Thesis I is that Benjamin is suggesting that despite Karl Marx's claims to scientific objectivity, historical materialism is actually a quasi-religious fraud. Benjamin uses The Turk, a famous chess-playing device of the 18th century, as an analogy for historical materialism. Presented as an automaton that could defeat skilled chess players, The Turk actually concealed a human (allegedly a dwarf) who controlled the machine. He wrote: 
However, author Michael Löwy points out that Benjamin puts quotation marks around 'historical materialism' in this paragraph: 
One key to Benjamin’s critique of historicism is his rejection of the past as a continuum of progress. This is most apparent in thesis XI. His alternate vision of the past and “progress” is best represented by thesis IX, which employs Paul Klee’s painting "Angelus Novus" (1920) as the "angel of history," with his back turned to the future: "Where "we" see the appearance of a chain of events, "he" sees one single catastrophe, which unceasingly piles rubble on top of rubble and hurls it before his feet [...] That which we call progress, is "this" storm." Benjamin thus inverts Marxist historical materialism, which was concerned with predicting a revolutionary future, to assert that historical materialism's true task ought to be, in Beiner's words, "to save the past." 
According to Benjamin, "Historicism depicts the 'eternal' picture of the past; the historical materialist, an experience with it, which stands alone" (Thesis XVI). Benjamin argues against the idea of an "eternal picture" of history and prefers the idea of history as a self-standing experience. Thus, Benjamin states “To articulate the past historically does not mean to recognize it ‘the way it really was.' It means to seize hold of a memory as it flashes up at a moment of danger" (Thesis VI). 
In Thesis XVIII, he highlights a scientific perspective of time only to follow it up with some provocative metaphors:
It is suggested by some scholars that perhaps this blending of scientific perspectives and poetic language gives Benjamin's ideas immediacy.
Benjamin's colleague Gershom Scholem, who is quoted in "Theses", believed that Benjamin's critique of historical materialism was so final that, as Mark Lilla would write, "nothing remains of historical materialism [...] but the term itself. Given Benjamin's devastating attack on the philosophical foundations of Marxism, "Theses" has been described in the popular press as "one of the most insightful analyses of the failure of Marxism ever produced."
Historical context.
Scholem, who is quoted in "Theses", suggested that the cryptic essay's seemingly definitive rejection of Marxist historical materialism in favor of a return to the theology and metaphysics of Benjamin's earlier writings came after Benjamin recovered from the deep shock he felt following the 1939 Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact when the Marxist-Leninist Soviet Union and Fascist, anti-Semitic Germany, previously bitter rivals, announced a non-aggression pact. 
Scholar Mark Lilla wrote that Benjamin "had remained stubbornly, irresponsibly silent" during Joseph Stalin's atrocities and show trials of the 1930s, even when millions were dying and his erstwhile lover Asja Lacis was imprisoned. In "Theses", Lilla argues that Benjamin's disillusionment with the consequences of revolutionary violence is apparent after having previously celebrated "the destructive character," a single-minded persona who smashes bourgeois tradition.
Publication history.
Benjamin mailed a copy of the essay to the philosopher Hannah Arendt, who passed it on to Theodor Adorno. Benjamin asked that the essay not be published, but it was first printed in a mimeographed booklet entitled "Walter Benjamin zum Gedächtnis" (In memory of Walter Benjamin). In 1947, a French translation by Pierre Missac appeared in the journal, "Les Temps Modernes". An English translation by Harry Zohn is included in the collection of essays by Benjamin, "Illuminations", edited by Arendt (1968).

</doc>
<doc id="20909373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909373" title="Vienna Danube regulation">
Vienna Danube regulation

The Vienna Danube regulation () refers to extensive flood-control engineering along the Danube river in Vienna, Austria during the last 150 years. The first major dams or levees were built during 1870-75. Another major project was constructed during 1972-88, which created the New Danube and Danube Island ("Donauinsel"). Prior to regulation, the Danube in Vienna had been an 8-kilometre (5 mi) wide wetlands, as a patchwork of numerous streams meandering through the area ("see maps at right").
History.
In Vienna, the Danube river up until 1870, was almost totally unregulated. The river flowed through the wetlands on the left (east) bank of today's Danube course. Villages (like Jedlesee, Floridsdorf and Stadlau) were near the former main branch of the Danube and were particularly at risk of being inundated by the floods of the river.
After repeated severe flood damage, by 1810, Hofbau-Direktor Josef von Schemerl had already proposed regulation in the form of a new river bed, but his plans were not realized. Only during the years 1870 to 1875, was the Danube regulated for the first time. On the left bank, a wide flood-prone area ("Inundationsgebiet") was created with the dam Hubertusallee, covering today's municipal districts of Floridsdorf and Donaustadt. The new main branch, including shipping, was wide, leaving the old river bed as the Old Danube.
Major high water in the years 1897, 1899 and 1954, led to more floods, especially concerning the right bank of the Danube at "Handelskai" ("Trade pier"). This proved that the regulation of the Danube was still insufficient.
After many years of studies, in 1972, a new flood-control project was started. Working up to 1988, within the inundation area, a new, wide channel ("Entlastungsgerinne") was created. The material excavated from the channel was placed between the Danube and the channel, creating the Danube Island. The channel, or New Danube, is protected by fortifications and is only used to divert flood waters. It is designed for a flow of . Overall, the Danube regulation is designed for a capacity of up to , which is the estimated maximum flow of a flooding which took place in 1501. The Danube Island (also called "Copa Kagrana" after the Brazilian "Copacabana" and the adjoining Kagran, a suburb of Vienna) and the New Danube now serves as a popular recreation area.
Flood years and levels.
Major floods in Vienna were:
See also.
A series of articles on regulation of the Danube in chronological order

</doc>
<doc id="20909407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909407" title="Jat Muslim">
Jat Muslim

Jat Muslims or Musalman Jats (), a sub-group of Jat people found throughout the Punjab region of Pakistan and India, where there are many sub-castes. as well as in western Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat in India, and the provinces of Sindh in Pakistan and Azad Kashmir. Jats began converting to Islam from the early Middle Ages onward, and now form the distinct community of Muslim Jats. The Jats constitute one of the most diverse communities in South Asia. and in India are found in Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat. They speak Hindi, Kutchi, Pahari, Pothohari, Punjabi, Saraiki, Sindhi, Haryanvi and Urdu, depending on their location. Each Jat community presents unique cultural characteristics, which makes it difficult to generalise about the Jat culturally.
Introduction of Islam.
When Arabs entered Sindh in the seventh century, the chief tribal groupings they found were the Jats and Meds. These Jats are often referred as Zatts in early Arab writings. The Jats were the first converts to Islam, and many were employed as soldiers by the new Arab Muslim administration in Sindh. The Muslim conquest chronicles further point at the important concentrations of Jats in towns and fortresses of Lower and Central Sindh. Many of these Jats were said to be followers of Buddhism and had their own independent chiefs while others were pastoral nomads, inhabiting the Indus Delta region. Today the Jats are firmly established in the Punjab were they form a majority. Sindh is still home to a large community of cattle rearing Jat clans who seem to be distinct community.
Between the 10th and the 13th Century, there was large immigration of Jat groups from Sindhu northwards to Punjab and eastwards towards what is now Rajasthan. Many Jat clans initially settled in a region known as the Bar country, which referred to the country between the rivers of Punjab, thinly populated with scanty rainfall which accommodated a type of pastoral nomadism which was based primary on the rearing of goats and camels. Between the 11th and the 13th Century, the Jats became essentially a peasant population, taking advantage in the growth of irrigation. As these Jats became converted to peasant farmers, they also started to become Muslims. Most Jats clans of western Punjab have traditions that they accepted Islam at the hands of two famous Sufi saints of Punjab, Shaikh Faridudin Ganj Shaker of Pakpattan or his contemporary Baha Al Haq Zakiriya of Multan. In reality the process of conversion was said to much a slower process.
This process of incremental conversion was seen by the presence of members of a particular clan, some who had become Sikh while others had converted to Islam. In the plains and high plateau of Punjab, there are many communities of Jat, some of whom had converted to Islam by the 18th Century, while others had become Sikhs. As a result, sparse clans can be largely Muslim, while others such as the Pannun and Bal have Muslim branches, but are largely Sikh.
Social organization.
In some parts of Pakistan, the word Jat is synonymous with agriculturist, this is especially the case in the Seraiki speaking south west of Punjab.
Folklore.
Muslim Jats gave birth to romances such as Heer Ranjha and Mirza Sahiba which are sung by all Punjabis and have been immortalised in Waris Shahs poetry book Heer that tells the story of the love of Heer and her lover Ranjha.
Distribution.
Historically, Muslim Jat clans settled in western Punjab, in areas which now are found in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20909412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909412" title="Latvian Museum">
Latvian Museum

The Latvian Museum in Rockville, Maryland has as its mission the preservation and communication of Latvian history and culture and the history of Latvians in the United States. The Museum is housed in facilities that include the national headquarters of the American Latvian Association as well as the Latvian Evangelical Lutheran church and Latvian Saturday school which serve the Latvian American community in the greater Washington D.C. area.
History.
The Latvian Museum was founded in 1978 under the auspices of the Latvian Institute of the American Latvian Association, with its initial exhibitions funded by a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Collection.
The collection is especially noted for its traditional hand woven textiles.

</doc>
<doc id="20909415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909415" title="SS Chesapeake (AOT-5084)">
SS Chesapeake (AOT-5084)

The SS "Chesapeake" is a transport oiler that was in service with the United States Navy from 2000 to 2009. She was operated by Military Sealift Command.
Construction and commercial service 1964–1987.
SS "Chesapeake" was built by the Bethlehem Steel Sparrows Point Yard at Baltimore, Maryland, and delivered to the Hess Shipping Company on 29 October 1964. She entered commercial service with the company as the tanker SS "Hess Voyager". She was renamed SS "Chesapeake" on 22 July 1980 She is a near exact twin to her sister ship SS "Petersburg"
Ready Reserve Force 1987–2000.
The U.S. Maritime Administration relieved Hess Shipping of "Chesapeake" under an exchange program on 15 December 1987. "Chesapeake" was then laid up in the Maritime Administrations Ready Reserve Fleet until 2000.
Military Sealift Command Service 2000–2009.
"Chesapeake" was activated for service in the Military Sealift Command in 2000 as a transport oiler. Interocean Ugland Management Corporation of Voorhees, New Jersey, operates her with a civilian crew under contract to Military Sealift Command as a Common User Tanker as SS "Chesapeake" (AOT-5084).
Other OPDS tankers are the , SS "Petersburg", and the SS "Mount Washington". "Chesapeake" was removed from service in 2009 and currently resides in the Beaumont Reserve Fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="20909419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909419" title="Shinshiro (album)">
Shinshiro (album)

Shinshiro (シンシロ) is Japanese rock group Sakanaction's third album and was released on January 21, 2009. It includes the songs "Sen To Rei (セントレイ)" and "Ame" from their maxi single, "Sentorei." The album contains a different version of the song "Ame" that was not released on the single, entitled, "Ame(B)". It also contains 10 new songs. The album's artwork is very different from their prior works. It was worked on by creative artwork group "hatos."

</doc>
<doc id="20909427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909427" title="Real Simple Real Life">
Real Simple Real Life

Real Simple Real Life (stylized as Real Simple. Real Life) is an hour-long show airing on the TLC channel. It is produced by the "Real Simple" magazine, which belongs to Time Inc. The show falls under the category of "makeovers," as it brings experts to help on a "full lifestyle" makeover of a different woman every episode. The series was hosted by Kit Hoover.

</doc>
<doc id="20909449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909449" title="2002 V8 Supercar season">
2002 V8 Supercar season

The 2002 V8 Supercar season was the 43rd year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
There were 20 touring car race meetings held during 2002; a thirteen round series for V8 Supercars, the 2002 V8 Supercar Championship Series (VCS), two of them endurance races; a five round second tier V8 Supercar series 2002 Konica V8 Supercar Series (KVS) along with a non-point scoring race supporting the Bathurst 1000 and V8 Supercar support programme event at the 2002 Australian Grand Prix.
Results and standings.
Race calendar.
The 2002 Australian touring car season consisted of 20 events.
Netspace V8 Supercar Challenge.
This meeting was a support event of the 2002 Australian Grand Prix.
Konica V8 Supercar Challenge Race.
This race was a support event of the 2002 Bob Jane T-Marts 1000.
References.
Additional references can be found in linked event/series reports.

</doc>
<doc id="20909454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909454" title="Activist Wisdom">
Activist Wisdom

Activist Wisdom: Practical knowledge and Creative Tension in Social Movements is a book by Sarah Maddison and Sean Scalmer. UNSW Press, 2005. ISBN 978-0-86840-686-2
Peace marches, protest demonstrations and campaigns have often been part of the Australian social and political landscape. This book includes interviews with some of Australia's best-known activists and provides a bigger picture that analyses successes and failures, communication of ideas, and political impacts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20909464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909464" title="Crystal Voyager">
Crystal Voyager

Crystal Voyager is a 1973 Australian surf film directed by David Elfick. It was filmed, written and narrated by surfer, photographer and filmmaker George Greenough who had previously made the 1970 surfing film "The Innermost Limits of Pure Fun".
The film is structured as a loose biography of Greenough and was shot largely in California. It documents Greenough’s search for uncrowded waves, which led to the construction of his 37-foot ocean-going yacht. It also feature Greenough's surfing friends, Californian Richie West and Australian world champion Nat Young.
"Crystal Voyager" premiered at the Sydney Opera House on 5 December 1973 and had a successful three-week run there before opening in other states. The theatrical 35mm version of the film is different from the original 16mm release and was re-edited by Elfick and Greenough. It became one of Australia's most successful surf films, grossing more than A$100,000 (1973 figures) on its initial Australian release, before being picked up by British Hemdale Corporation. "Crystal Voyager" gained substantial press on its release, mostly due to its strong reception at the Cannes Film Festival. It had a record-breaking 6-month run in London's West End, where it played a double bill with René Laloux's animated science-fiction film "Fantastic Planet", grossing more than ₤100,000 pounds.
The closing sequence, Greenough's short film "Echoes", is generally considered to be the highlight of the film. Filmed with a camera in a waterproof housing strapped to Greenough’s back, the sequence is composed entirely of slow-motion footage shot inside the curl of waves, edited to the 23-minute song "Echoes" by Pink Floyd. The group reportedly allowed Elfick and Greenough to use the music in their film in exchange for the use of Greenough's footage as a visual background when they performed "Echoes" in concert.

</doc>
<doc id="20909475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909475" title="Pleasant Lake Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Pleasant Lake Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Pleasant Lake Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20909481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909481" title="York Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
York Township, Benson County, North Dakota

York Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 36.

</doc>
<doc id="20909487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909487" title="North Viking Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
North Viking Township, Benson County, North Dakota

North Viking Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 70.

</doc>
<doc id="20909497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909497" title="Twin Lake Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Twin Lake Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Twin Lake Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 43.

</doc>
<doc id="20909521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909521" title="Rich Valley Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Rich Valley Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Rich Valley Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 46.

</doc>
<doc id="20909527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909527" title="J. Louis Engdahl">
J. Louis Engdahl

John Louis Engdahl (1884–1932) was an American socialist journalist and newspaper editor. One of the leading journalists of the Socialist Party of America, Engdahl joined the Communist movement in 1921 and continued to employ his talents in that organization as the first editor of "The Daily Worker". Engdahl was also a key leader of the International Red Aid (MOPR) organization based in Moscow, where he died while on official business in 1932.
Biography.
Early years.
The son of Swedish Lutheran immigrants, J. Louis Engdahl (who went by his middle name, "Louis") was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota on November 11, 1884. Engdahl was intelligent and well educated, he graduated from the University of Minnesota in 1907, having paid his way through school by working as a telegraph operator and as City Editor of the "Minneapolis Daily News."
Political career.
Engdahl was a member of the Socialist Party from 1908. In 1909, he took a position as the Labor Editor of the "Chicago Daily Socialist", assuming the mantle of Editor of that publication from 1910 until its termination in 1912.
Engdahl attended the Copenhagen Congress of the Socialist International in 1910 as a journalist on behalf of the Scandinavian Socialist Federation. He joined the Socialist Party of America in September 1912. Despite his traveling to Europe for the Scandinavian Federation, it does not seem that Engdahl ever directly participated in language federation politics in any way. 
Louis Engdahl was a Socialist candidate for US Congress from Illinois in 1916; for the Chicago City Council in 1917; again for Congress in the Illinois 7th C.D. in 1918. He also was on the Organizing Committee of the Communist Propaganda League of Chicago from its origin in 1918 until its demise in 1919.
In 1914, Engdahl assumed the position of Editor of "The American Socialist," the Chicago-based official organ of the SPA. He continued to edit this newspaper each week until it was suppressed by postal authorities in 1917. Thereafter, he moved to the successor weekly publication, "The Eye Opener," which he continued to edit until 1919.
In February 1918, Engdahl's aggressive antimilitarism caused him to run afoul of the US Department of Justice, who targeted him as editor of the Socialist Party's weekly newspaper under the Espionage Act for undermining the American military conscription program. Along with his party comrades Adolph Germer, Victor L. Berger, Bill Kruse, and Irwin St. John Tucker, Engdahl was indicted by a grand jury. The quintet was brought to trial before the harsh Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis on December 6, 1918 (that is, after the war had ended), with the trial ending during the first week of January 1919. The jury found all five guilty as charged, and Judge Landis imposed a draconian sentence of 20 years in the Federal Penitentiary upon each. This sentence was later overturned on appeal for the reason of judicial bias.
Out pending appeal on $25,000 bond, Engdahl was a delegate from Illinois to the seminal 1919 Emergency National Convention of the Socialist Party, refusing to either support Adolph Germer, James Oneal, and the party regulars or to bolt the convention to join either of the fledgling Communist organizations — the Communist Labor Party of America or the Communist Party of America. Instead, Engdahl remained in the Socialist Party as a leader of the Left Wing faction, which congealed as the Committee for the Third International in 1920. Engdahl served as Secretary of this faction until it departed the party in the aftermath of the 1921 Convention.
From 1920 until July 1921, Engdahl served as editor of the "Chicago Socialist," publication of Local Cook County of the SPA, until he was finally removed for political reasons. He was also the Secretary of Local Cook County SPA until his resignation on July 21, 1921.
After the disappointment of the 1921 Convention of the SPA, the Committee for the Third International left the party to mark the world with a short-lived existence as part of the Workers Council group — a small group of Communist adherents who sought to turn their backs on the sectarian infighting of the underground Communist parties. This pro-Comintern/anti-underground position proved to be timely, as in December 1921, at the Comintern's request, a "Legal Political Party" called the Workers Party of America (WPA) was established at a convention in New York. The Workers Council group was absorbed into the WPA at this time. He was elected to the 7 member "Administrative Council" of the WPA on Oct. 10, 1921. He stood as the WPA's candidate for Congress in the New York 12th C.D. in 1922. In January 1923 he was elected by the 2nd Convention of the WPA to the party's Central Executive Committee and sat on the inner circle of this group called the Executive Council.
Engdahl was employed as Managing Editor of the WPA's organ, "The Worker," from 1922. When that paper moved to daily status in January 1924, Engdahl wore the hat of Editor of "The Daily Worker", although as an adherent of the minority Pepper-Ruthenberg-Lovestone faction, he was saddled with a co-editor from the majority Foster-Cannon-Lore faction in February. He continued as an Editor at "The Daily Worker" until 1928. 
In his 1952 memoir, Whittaker Chambers described him thus: The paper's nominal editor was J. Louis Engdahl, a Communist in his late forties or fifties, who seldom paid any attention to what was going on, for, at the time, he was a prey to both political and emotional stresses of great intensity. He sat at the front of the office, at one of the two windows, usually staring fixedly out. At long intervals, he would beat out a page or two of copy, which was dull but at least intelligible. Engdahl himself was not. If you asked him a simple question, he would turn away and stare out the window. When you had about decided that he had forgotten you, he would turn around and fix you with his big round lenses that magnified his eyes to a slightly mad expression. Then he would grunt. Sometimes he mumbled a few words, scarcely audible . I do not remember hearing him utter five coherent sentences. <br><br> In his prime, he had been a Socialist in Wisconsin. He was now a follower of Jay Lovestone and had received the editorship of the Daily Worker as a prize in some factional deal. He felt that he was slipping. He also lived in terror of the telephone, for that seemed to be his wife's preferred way of reaching him, and he did not wish to be reached. When it rang, he would stare at it gloomily, then have someone else answer it. We always knew who was calling when we heard: "Comrade Engdahl is out of the office. No, I don't think he will be back."
In February 1925, Engdahl was a candidate of the Workers (Communist) Party for Chicago City Alderman. He was the candidate of the W(C)P for Governor of Illinois in the fall of 1926.
From May 1927 through February 1928, Engdahl was a member of the Presidium of the Executive Committee of the Communist International, representing the Workers (Communist) Party of America. Engdahl remained in Moscow as the representative of the American Communist Party to ECCI until late in December 1928, when he was replaced by Bertram D. Wolfe.
In July 1929, Engdahl was appointed by the CEC of the Communist Party as National Secretary of International Labor Defense (ILD), the party's legal aid arm.. He was named to the Polburo of the Communist Party in 1930 and was the party's delegate to the Comintern in Moscow in that same year. In 1930, he ran for Lieutenant Governor of New York with William Z. Foster on the Communist ticket. He was also a member and later Chairman of the CPUSA's Central Control Committee, as well as a member of the Presidium of International Red Aid (MOPR) — the international umbrella organization of the ILD.
Death and legacy.
In Moscow on MOPR business, Engdahl died of pneumonia at the age of 48 on November 21, 1932. He was buried on November 23 following a service attended by many prominent communists including future East German president Wilhelm Pieck. 
Despite the fairly vast number of words he wrote throughout his career as a journalist, Louis Engdahl did not write any books and only a handful of pamphlets, including "Debs and O'Hare in Prison" (1919); "The Tenth Year" (1927); "Gastonia: A Class Case and a Class Verdict" (1929) and "Sedition!" (1930). He was also the subject of two pamphlets published by the Communist Party in 1932 and 1935, respectively. 
Engdahl's papers are housed at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.

</doc>
<doc id="20909531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909531" title="Rhys Bobridge">
Rhys Bobridge

Rhys Bobridge, also known as Rhys, is an Australian pop singer, dancer and make-up artist based in Sydney, New South Wales.
Early life.
Bobridge started gymnastics at seven years of age, which led him to attending classes at Johnny Young Talent School, alongside "Australian Idol" winner Wes Carr. In grade 10, Bobridge left Brighton Secondary School to attend Victorian College of the Arts, then went to work in a Taiwan theme park.
Career.
Bobridge appeared on the Seven Network's children's television program "The Fairies" as Elf, and performed as a drag queen named "Regime Dettol".
He was runner up on Network 10's inaugural season of "So You Think You Can Dance Australia" in April 2008, and performed at the 18th Drag Industry Variety Awards (DIVAs) in August. On 24 November, after signing with Warner Music Australia, Bobridge released an altered cover version of the dance track "Hot Summer", originally performed by German pop band Monrose. "Hot Summer" was used on station promotions for Network Ten, and reached number 39 on the ARIA Top 50 Singles Chart.
Rhys has also taught dance at a number of organisations including the Sydney Dance Company studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20909546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909546" title="Cold Foot (Miami)">
Cold Foot (Miami)

Cold Foot was a Miami chief in the 18th century. An inhabitant of Kekionga, Cold Foot lived during a time when the Miami were torn between their traditional trading partners of New France and new, more lucrative traders from the British colonies. There is a record of Cold Foot receiving a large reward for putting down some hostilities during this time.
When many of the Miami favored the British and abandoned Kekionga for Pickawillany, Cold Foot remained loyal to his French allies and remained at Kekionga. The French rebuilt the nearby fort on higher ground in 1750, and Cold Foot moved to the old fort, which became known as Cold Foot Village. During the Winter of 1751/1752, however, the village was hit with smallpox, and many of the inhabitants died, including Cold Foot and his son. Future chief Pacanne may have been his nephew. 

</doc>
<doc id="20909548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909548" title="Baduhenna">
Baduhenna

In Germanic paganism, Baduhenna is a goddess. Baduhenna is solely attested by Tacitus' "Annals" where Tacitus records that a grove in Frisia was dedicated to her, and that near this grove 900 Roman prisoners were killed in 28 CE.
The first part of the goddess' name, "Badu-", may be cognate to Proto-Germanic "*badwa-" meaning "battle." The second portion of the name "-henna" may be related to "-henae", which appears commonly in the names of matrons. Rudolf Simek states that, due to this etymology, Baduhenna appears to be a goddess of war, and points out that sacred groves are commonly associated with the Germanic peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="20909576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909576" title="Proposition 8 (disambiguation)">
Proposition 8 (disambiguation)

Proposition 8 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20909598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909598" title="Hong Kong International Piano Competition">
Hong Kong International Piano Competition

The Hong Kong International Piano Competition was first held in 2005. It is organized by the Chopin Society of Hong Kong, its Honorary President, Vladimir Ashkenazy, serving as the jury's chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="20909648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909648" title="The Carpetbaggers (film)">
The Carpetbaggers (film)

The Carpetbaggers is a 1964 American film based upon the best-selling novel "The Carpetbaggers" by Harold Robbins. The film was directed by Edward Dmytryk and stars George Peppard as Jonas Cord, a character based loosely on Howard Hughes, and Alan Ladd as Nevada Smith, a former western gunslinger turned actor. Carroll Baker portrays an actress. 
Filmed in 35mm Panavision, this was one of the first movies to be blown up to 70mm ("Panavision 70") for premiere screening. The picture was the final film of Alan Ladd; he died some months before its release. Dmytryk followed this film the same year with "Where Love Has Gone" (1964), also based on a Robbins' novel. 
Plot.
Jonas Cord becomes one of America's richest men, inheriting an explosives company from his late father. Cord resents his father bitterly and is psychologically scarred by the death of a twin brother. Believing his family has insanity in its blood, he does not want children of his own. 
Cord buys up the company stock held by Nevada Smith, a former gunslinger. He had practically raised Cord in the absence of his father. Cord pays off his father's widow Rina Marlowe, who he believes had married his father strictly for money. She is portrayed as a gold-digger and sexually assertive. 
Cord becomes an aviation pioneer and his wealth grows. He ruins a business rival named Winthrop, then seduces and marries the man's daughter Monica. He quickly abandons her and demands a divorce.
Nevada Smith finds work in western films. Rina resurfaces to become a movie star for a studio owned by Bernard Norman. Cord seeks to buy that studio, but Norman refuses until after learning that Rina, by then alcoholic, has died in a car crash. A public relations man, Dan Pierce, betrays his employer Cord, who pays Norman more money than the studio is worth absent its chief box-office draw.
Cord goes on an alcoholic binge and disappears. Upon his return, he decides to run the studio, even directing films. He casts an attractive call girl, Jennie Denton, as the studio's new girl star. Cord cuts his ties with aviation partner Buzz and longtime lawyer Mac. He so badly mistreats Jennie that his old friend Nevada Smith challenges him to a fistfight and badly beats him. 
A contrite Cord returns to Monica, with whom he has a child. He has learned from Nevada that there was no insanity in his family after all. His and Monica's daughter grows up as a healthy, normal girl (as much as is possible given her parents' pasts).
Box office performance.
"The Carpetbaggers" was a massive commercial success. It grossed $28,409,547 at the domestic box office, making it the 4th highest grossing film of 1964. "Variety" reported that the film earned $13 million in domestic rentals. At the worldwide box office, the film grossed $40,000,000 against a $3 million budget. Due to its success, a prequel was filmed and released two years later. Ladd's part was taken by Steve McQueen. 
The movie was one of the 13 most popular films in the UK in 1965. The theme tune by Elmer Bernstein was used to accompany the title credits for the UK BBC2 TV "The Money Programme", a finance and current affairs magazine programme. The music was recorded in a version by Jimmy Smith arranged by Lalo Schiffrin.
In her 1978 autobiography "Past Imperfect", Joan Collins claims she had a firm offer to play Rina Marlowe but had to decline because of pregnancy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20909651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909651" title="Alberto Espinoza Barrón">
Alberto Espinoza Barrón

Alberto Espinoza Barrón (also known as "La Fresa" or 'The Strawberry') is a former Mexican drug trafficker and lieutenant of the La Familia Michoacana ("Michoacán Family") drug cartel.
Alberto Espinoza was arrested by the Mexican military on 29 December 2008, and was succeeded by Rafael Cedeño Hernández, who was also arrested on 20 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20909663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909663" title="Little Walter (song)">
Little Walter (song)

"Little Walter" is the title of the debut single by Tony! Toni! Toné!. Taken as the lead single from the R&B band's debut album, "Who", the hit song spent one week at number one on the U.S. R&B chart. It also peaked at forty-seven on the Billboard Hot 100. The melody is taken from the instrumentation on the spiritual tune, "Wade in the Water." 
The narrator in the song describes a roommate by the name of Walter who makes money from an undisclosed job, and rather than pay rent, he spends his money on a lavish lifestyle. The narrator has enough of this, and decides to confront Walter about it only for both to break into an argument that lasts "half the night". When the argument was finished "there was a knock at the door and when Walter went to open it he was blown to the floor" meaning he may have been shot dead (according to the video for the song). Walter was portrayed by comedian Sinbad in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="20909664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909664" title="Torrumbarry">
Torrumbarry

Torrumbarry is a town in northern Victoria, Australia. The town is in the Shire of Campaspe local government area and on the Murray Valley Highway, north of the state capital, Melbourne. The town was once large but shrunk over time. The town still houses a hotel, a hall, a general store and a post office.
The locality's population is 291 although the township's population is estimated at 21.
Weir.
The town is home to an important weir situated on the Murray River, a few kilometres north of the township. The weir was built in the 1920s. It operated efficiently until 1992 when it was damaged extensively. After numerous unsuccessful repairs, it was decided the weir would be rebuilt with a new design that was completed during 1996. An information centre was built outlining the importance and history of the weir. A post office was built at the weir in 1919 but closed 5 years later due to the fact it was rarely used.

</doc>
<doc id="20909673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909673" title="Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa">
Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa

Pencak silat Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa is a specific system of martial arts originating in West Java, Indonesia. It is characterized by a low solid base, conservative hand positions close to the body, powerful elbow strikes, intercepting/grabbing the attacking hands and elbows, joint locks, and counter-lock evasion. The preferred weapon is the golok and is atypically held backwards along the forearm to accentuate the elbow strikes.
It is a village-based system originating in Garut, West Java, near Bandung. The most recent head of the system was Grand Maha Guru "Bapak" A. Wajihadin - he died in April 2012 and the successor to the system has not yet been named. The system is relatively rare outside of Indonesia with instructors in Canada, the USA, and Venezuela.
Background.
Pencak silat is an Indonesian term used to refer to many different schools, systems, and styles of martial art found throughout Indonesia. Other similar martial arts, also referred to as silat, can be found in Malaysia, southern Thailand, the Philippines, and elsewhere in Southeast Asia. Various styles of pencak silat can differ widely from region to region. Some styles of pencak silat are blended systems with many different origins. Others are specific to a region, a village, or even a family.
Pencak silat Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa is a village-based system that originates in Garut, near Bandung in West Java, Indonesia. It derives from the Sundanese ethnic culture predominant in that area.
History.
Pencak silat Gajah Putih Mega Paksi was founded by "Bapak" H. Djaenudin in 1959. He resigned as chief of the system in 1983. In 1989 "Bapak" A. Wajihadin (Grand Maha Guru) assumed direction with a view to revitalize the system. He declared the new name pencak silat Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa on September 19, 1991.
The original name Gajah Putih Mega Paksi is still used by various groups.
Grand Maha Guru "Bapak" A. Wajihadin died in April 2012. His successor has not yet been named.
Etymology.
The name "Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa" translates approximately to "eternal/ideal/pure strength of the white elephant". The term "jati" means "strength"; "wisesa" means "highest level of perfection, absolute, eternal, ideal"; "gadjah/gajah" means "elephant"; and "putih" means "white".
The elephant symbolizes a useful or productive creature that handles great loads with strength and responsibility. The color white symbolizes purity.
Techniques.
Pencak silat Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa primarily uses hands and elbows for striking. Strikes with the hands are applied with punches, slaps, and finger-tip thrusts. Elbows are applied horizontally, vertically up or down, and as a forward thrust. The feet are used for low kicks, usually attacking the legs and knees.
The system specializes in snatching or grabbing an attacker's hand and then applying locks or bone-breaking blows. Once the hand is secured, the arm is pulled to take the attacker off-balance and bring the arm closer for the application of a lock or break. The system also accounts for its own types of attacks and locks by providing counter-measures. For example, it provides effective lock evasion techniques using special foot-work and arm movements. As well, it teaches intercepting elbows with a cupped hand and hitting with a counter elbow strike.
The golok is the primary reference weapon. In other pencak silat that employ the golok, it is usually held with blade forward. However, in Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa, the blade is held reversed so that it runs edge outward along the forearm. This hides the blade and also augments the powerful elbow strikes. Even for empty hand, the elbow strikes reflect the application of the golok in how they impact and the angles they are deployed.
The kujang is also an important weapon to the art. It is specifically a talisman that is believed to hold special powers (reference pending).
Jurus.
The techniques of pencak silat Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa are expressed in the form of jurus, pernafasan, and langkah. Jurus are an established series of movements that illustrate a particular tactic or technique. Most pencak silat include their own unique set of jurus. Jurus are relatively short to execute, including between 2 and 20 movements or strikes, often beginning with a specific opening sequence and ending with another typical sequence. As well, the footwork tends to be very linear, repetitive, and/or in a fixed pattern.
Pencak silat Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa has 25 jurus that are part of the established curriculum. Like many jurus in other systems, they start very simply, each illustrating the application of one or two techniques. The later jurus are relatively complex and combine multiple techniques. Each jurus is performed both from right lead and from left lead - often one side right after the other.
The names of the 25 jurus are:
Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa focuses on the use and application of breathing technique to develop power, strength, and internal energy. The realization of effective breathing and movement leads to "rasa" - this is a word difficult to translate insofar as it connotes a subjective sense of the energetic emotional body that arises from proper expression of technique. A strong rasa is the basis for effective application of the art, both as performance and as combat.
Pernafasan
Like the physical techniques, there are jurus for breathing as well. These are known as the "pernafasan" where the Sanskrit for vital breath is "prana". There are 10 pernafasan (with a rough translation of their meaning and dynamics):
Langkah
Where the jurus are short technical illustrations, the "langkah" are much longer fight sequences. They show how all the different techniques and tactics that may be applied realistically. The footwork is more varied in direction and distance. The langkah are numbered but do not have a specific name - e.g. "langkah sembilan" (fighting sequence number 9).
Kembangan.
Like many forms of pencak silat, this system is performed dramatically as well as used for self-defense and combat. The dance-like execution of the various techniques, usually by improvisation, is referred to as ""kembangan"". A group of musicians playing a musical style known as "kendang pencak" typically accompanies the performance of the kembangan. In West Java, the instruments include a two-ended drum, the kendang, as well as a set of percussion and wind instruments typical of gamelan, known specifically as Gamelan Degung.
In the kembangan, the musicians and silat player(s) respond to one another - the music follows the pencak silat movements, punctuating the strikes and articulating the sequences of movements that compose the combat. As well, the kembangan player takes cues from the pace and emphasis of the music. In effect, the pencak silat player performs as another member of the music ensemble such that the movement and music are tightly integrated.
By contrast, the application of techniques for combat or self-defense are known as "buah". Translated, kembang signifies "flower" and buah means "fruit". The metaphorical relationship between the two indicate the importance of each part to the overall practice of the pencak silat.
Related Arts.
A form of pencak silat historically related to Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa is Gajah Putih Mega Paksi Pusaka.
The development of Gadjah Putih Jati Wisesa was influenced by various existing pencak silat systems of the time. These include Tjimande/Cimande from Tjiawi, Tjikalong/Cikalong from the village of the same name, and Syahbandar. They are still three of the most prominent styles practiced in West Java today.
External links.
Videos
Indonesian Content

</doc>
<doc id="20909688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909688" title="James Larkin (disambiguation)">
James Larkin (disambiguation)

James Larkin may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20909690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909690" title="Stella (magazine)">
Stella (magazine)

Stella was a Swedish science fiction magazine. It was published from April, 1886 through August, 1888 as a supplement to the Swedish weekly "Svenska Familj-Journalen Svea" and published translations of short stories by the leading science fiction writers of its time.
Though many works about science fiction refer to "Stella", finding traces or copies of the magazine has proved difficult and some have concluded that "Stella" was a practical joke on the part of Swedish critic Sam J. Lundwall.

</doc>
<doc id="20909709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909709" title="Railway stations on the Eyre Peninsula">
Railway stations on the Eyre Peninsula

Railway stations on the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia include:
Stations served.
Limited Operations.
Wudinna to Penong Junction

</doc>
<doc id="20909710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909710" title="Diastolic heart murmur">
Diastolic heart murmur

Diastolic heart murmurs are heart murmurs heard during diastole.
Diastolic murmurs start at or after S2 and end before or at S1.
Many involve narrowing of the atrioventricular valves or regurgitation of the semilunar valves.

</doc>
<doc id="20909711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909711" title="Sisyrinchium idahoense">
Sisyrinchium idahoense

Sisyrinchium idahoense, or Idaho blue-eyed grass, is a perennialthat is native to the Western United States and Canada. It is not a true grass, but is related to the Iris in the Iridaceae family.
Characteristics.
"Sisyrinchium idahoense" is found in generally moist grassy areas and open woodlands, and by stream banks, below . It grows 6-18 in tall with narrow grass-like leaves. The flower is usually a deep bluish purple to blue-violet, or pale blue, rarely white, and yellow-throated.

</doc>
<doc id="20909721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909721" title="Saeb">
Saeb

Saeb or Saib is an Arabic male name. The following individuals are named "Saeb": 

</doc>
<doc id="20909723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909723" title="Systolic heart murmur">
Systolic heart murmur

Systolic heart murmurs are heart murmurs heard during systole.
They can be classified by when the murmur begins and ends, between S1 and S2.
Many involve stenosis of the semilunar valves or regurgitation of the atrioventricular valves.

</doc>
<doc id="20909735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909735" title="Roadkill (disambiguation)">
Roadkill (disambiguation)

Roadkill is a common reference to animals killed by impact with motor vehicles.
Roadkill or Road Kill may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20909768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909768" title="Lobos Creek">
Lobos Creek

Lobos Creek (from Spanish 'lobo marino': sea lion) is a stream in Presidio of San Francisco in San Francisco, California.
Overview.
It runs from runoff in the Presidio and Seacliff areas and underground seepage from springs that form Mountain Lake to the Pacific Ocean marking the division between Baker Beach and China Beach. Conservation and restoration efforts are under way to remove invasive vegetation and improve water flow, in addition to deculverting.
Lobos Creek is the Presidio's primary source of potable water. About a million gallons per day—half the average flow of the creek—is diverted to a water treatment facility in the Presidio.
Broken pipes also leak raw sewage into the creek, causing a pool at Baker Beach and Lobos Creek where children play to be the most contaminated in the Bay Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20909771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909771" title="2009 in rugby league">
2009 in rugby league

This article contains information on rugby league events played in 2009. The season commenced with a friendly match between English Super League clubs Leeds and Salford in the United States in January, and concluded with the Scottish tour of South Africa in December.
May.
8th.
City vs. Country Origin.
Teams:
ANZAC Test.
Teams:
June.
England vs France.
On 13 June England played the first rugby league international since the 2008 World Cup against France in Paris' Stade Jean-Bouin.
Teams:
France:
Constant Villegas (Toulouse); Vincent Duport (Catalans Dragons), Sébastien Planas (Toulouse), Jean-Philippe Baile (Catalans Dragons), Frédéric Vaccari (Catalans Dragons); Mickaël Murcia (Limoux), Thomas Bosc (Catalans Dragons); Rémi Casty (Catalans Dragons), Bentley (Catalans Dragons), Jérôme Guisset (Catalans Dragons, capt), Cyril Gossard (Catalans Dragons), Grégory Mounis (Catalans Dragons), Éric Anselme (Toulouse). 
Replacements: Sébastien Martins (Pia), Romain Gagliazzo (Carcassonne), William Barthau (Catalans Dragons), Mathieu Griffi (Toulouse).
Coach: Bobbie Goulding
England:
Shaun Briscoe (Hull KR); Peter Fox (Hull KR), Michael Shenton (Castleford), Ryan Atkins (Wakefield), Ryan Hall (Leeds); Danny McGuire (Leeds), Richard Myler (Salford); Adrian Morley (Warrington), Scott Moore (Huddersfield), Jamie Peacock (Leeds, capt), Gareth Hock (Wigan), Ben Westwood (Warrington), Sam Burgess (Bradford). 
Replacements: James Roby (St Helens), James Graham (St Helens), Tony Clubb (Harlequins), Eorl Crabtree (Huddersfield).
Coach: Tony Smith
October.
New Zealand vs. Tonga.
New Zealand led 24–8 at half-time before Tonga fought back to level the scores at 24–24. New Zealand scored 16 points in a row to win the match 40–24. Four New Zealand players, Bryson Goodwin, Junior Sa'u, Frank-Paul Nuuausala and Jared Waerea-Hargreaves, made their débuts.
England vs. Wales.
The last time these two sides met, England won 74–0. Wales took an early lead in the match but England were too strong. England's Sam Tomkins scored a hat-trick of tries on his début. England defeated Wales away from home, 48–12.
December.
In Australia in 2009, rugby league's popularity was confirmed as it had the highest television ratings of any football code.
Super League.
The English Super League will continue in 2009 with two more teams than in previous seasons. There used to be a relegation system whereby the lowest team in a season was relegated to National League 1 but this has now been abolished. Leeds Rhinos are the back-to-back defending champions after beating St Helens RLFC for the last two seasons.
National Rugby League.
The National Rugby League (NRL), contested between 16 teams from Australia and New Zealand, will hold its 102nd season in 2009. The Melbourne Storm won this competition in 2009, winning the final 23-16 against the Parramatta Eels. This title was later stripped from the Storm due to salary cap breaches exposed by the NRL in 2010.
Four Nations.
Later in the year, New Zealand, Australia, England and France will compete in a new 4 Nations competition. It replaces the previous Rugby League Tri-Nations, with France making its debut this year. All four teams have been playing regularly for a few years. However due to France's poor performances at the 2008 Rugby League World Cup they may have to qualify to make this tournament.
Bartercard Premiership.
In August this competition will kick off. It started last year and features 6 teams all over New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20909786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909786" title="Coyote Gulch (California)">
Coyote Gulch (California)

Coyote Gulch is a stream in San Francisco, California. It is one of the last remaining free flowing, unculverted creeks in San Francisco. It runs from the foothills of the Presidio to the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20909788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909788" title="The Island of Adventure">
The Island of Adventure

The Island of Adventure (published in 1944) is a popular children's book by Enid Blyton. It is the first book in the Adventure Series. The first edition of the book was illustrated by Stuart Tresilian.
Plot summary.
When Jack and Lucy Trent goes to Philip's and Dinah's home Craggy-Tops during the hols , they find that something very sinister is happening on the mysterious Isle of Gloom, and Philip, Dinah, Lucy-Ann and Jack are determined to uncover the truth. But they are not prepared for the dangerous adventure waiting for them in the abandoned copper mines and tunnels under the sea.
Changes in new editions.
Changes have been made to The Island of Adventure in newer editions of the books. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="20909796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909796" title="Dragonfly Creek">
Dragonfly Creek

Dragonfly Creek is a stream in the Presidio of San Francisco, California. Predominantly buried in underground culverts, the creek flows through a valley beneath stables and empties into Crissy Marsh in the bay. As part of the Doyle Drive construction project, the stream will be extensively restored.

</doc>
<doc id="20909810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909810" title="El Polin Spring">
El Polin Spring

El Polin Spring is a natural spring in San Francisco, California located in The Presidio. It is the source of the central tributary of El Polin Creek (also called Tennessee Hollow Creek). The spring was used by the Ohlone people, the Spanish military, and the U.S. Army as a freshwater source. Much of the stream was channelized or placed in underground culverts, and many riparian areas were used for landfill. 
Beginning in the 2000s, the Presidio Trust has worked to rehabilitate El Polin spring and daylight sections of the creek downstream. In 2005, 77,000 tons of landfill were removed from Thompson Reach, a downstream section, and native riparian species were planted. In 2011, El Polin was restored, with new trails, native plants, and a picnic area installed.

</doc>
<doc id="20909813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909813" title="Jeff Moronko">
Jeff Moronko

Jeffrey Robert "Jeff" Moronko (born August 17, 1959) is a former Major League Baseball player. During his major league career, he played for the Cleveland Indians () and the New York Yankees (). He was born in Houston, Texas. He attended Texas Wesleyan University and is one of two Major League Baseball players to attend the college, the other being Tris Speaker, Baseball Hall of Famer.
Career.
Jeff Moronko was first drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the fifth round of the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft on January 9, 1979, but did not sign. It wasn't until the Cleveland Indians drafted Moronko in the sixth round of the 1980 Major League Baseball Draft on June 3, 1980 that he signed to play with a Major League Baseball organization. After playing in Minor League Baseball for four years, Moronko made his major league debut on September 1, 1984 with the Cleveland Indians. On that day, the Indians were playing the Boston Red Sox at Cleveland Stadium with 7,151 people attending the game. Moronko had his first at-bat at the bottom of the first inning but he struck out. By the time the game ended, Moronko had a total of four at-bats, but did not get any hits. The Indians lost athe game by the score of 4–1. On April 29, 1985, Moronko was sent by the Indians to the Texas Rangers for Kevin Buckley to complete an earlier deal made on April 4, 1985. On October 15, 1986, he was granted free agency. On November 20, 1986, he was signed as a free agent with the New York Yankees. Moronko played his final game with the Yankees on July 19, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20909831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909831" title="Sheila Browne">
Sheila Browne

Sheila Browne is an American-Irish violist, recording artist, and professor at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts and New York University, Steinhardt School. Ms. Browne has given solo and chamber music concerts in Africa, the Americas, Asia, Europe, Australia, and the Middle East. She currently serves on the Executive Board of the American Viola Society and teaches at California Summer Music Green Mountain Chamber Music Festival, and Viva Virginia! Ms. Browne was the violist of the Gotham and Arianna string quartets.
During the summer of 2009 Sheila became the first viola professor ever to teach in Kurdistan for the National Youth Orchestra of Iraq.
She has recorded CDs on the Albany Records, Centaur, ERM, and Nonesuch Records labels, and has premiered new works by composers including Dan Coleman, Lawrence Dillon, and Kenneth Jacobs.
Sheila Browne studied with Karen Tuttle at the Juilliard School, where Ms. Browne was her teaching assistant for four years. She later studied in Germany with Kim Kashkashian after winning a DAAD grant. She also was Karen Ritscher's teaching assistant at Rice University's Shepherd School, where the Gotham Quartet was in Paul Katz's String Quartet Residency Program.
Browne's teaching style is influenced in part by Karen Tuttle's Coordination System, the principles of the Alexander Technique, and the Feldenkrais Method.

</doc>
<doc id="20909859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909859" title="Wenyu Shen">
Wenyu Shen

Wenyu Shen (; pinyin: shěn wén'yù) (born 1986 in Chongqing) is a Chinese pianist.

</doc>
<doc id="20909860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909860" title="The Money of Invention">
The Money of Invention

The Money of Invention: How Venture Capital Creates New Wealth is a non-fiction book about venture capital, written by Paul A. Gompers and Josh Lerner, Professors of Business Administration at Harvard Business School. The book was first published in 2001 by the Harvard Business School Press. It is considered one of the best studies about the venture capital industry in United States.
Overview.
"The Money of Invention" is a non-technical overview of the venture capital (VC), written for a general audience who wants to understand how VC industry works.
The book is composed of three major sections. The first section focuses on the perspective of the entrepreneurs, the second on the venture capitalists, and the third on what Gompers and Lerner call 'the emulators', organizations that try to copy the venture capital model.
In the first section, the authors identify the challenges entrepreneurs face when trying to raise capital: (1) "uncertainty" about the future; (2) "information gaps" about the new product and the market for it; (3) the predominance of "soft assets" (e.g. patents, trade secrets), in contrast to hard assets (e.g. land, equipment) that are easier to finance; and (4) the volatility of the "product- and financial market conditions". The authors then explain how VCs addresses these problems: screening mechanisms, due diligence, staged financing, syndicated investment, executive compensation rules, financing covenants like convertible debt, and corporate governance mechanisms are some of the solutions employed and discussed in the book.
In the second section, the authors focus on venture capital organizations. This section is part a historical account about the VC industry in United States, beginning with the founding of the first modern VC firm, American Research and Development Corporation, by MIT president Karl Compton and HBS professor Georges Doriot, in 1946. It also explores subsequent VC booms to the federally guaranteed Small Business Investment Companies Program in the 1960s and the 1974 Employee Retirement Income Security Act, allowing a "prudent man" to hold some high-risk investments and increasing the flow of institutional money into the VC business. This section also describes the ways in which venture capital is structured, connecting its success to the limited partnership structure (e.g. management fees, carried interests, contractual restrictions); the mechanisms to raise funds and the emergence of the fund of funds; and the challenges of the regulators to grapple with its information gap problems. The section closes with a detailed study of the overshooting phenomena that explains the volatility of the returns of the industry.
The third section of the book looks at efforts to apply the principles of venture investing in corporate, public sector, educational, and international settings. The authors argue that the lack of adequate compensation schemes and organizational structures usually limit the success of the venture capital model in these settings.
Reviews.
Randal Morck, an academic in the field, says that the book is "accessible to undergraduates and MBAs with little economics and to the general reader", but recommends "The Venture Capital Cycle" (Paul Gompers and Josh Lerner 1999, Cambridge: MIT Press) from the same authors for a high-level academic treatment of the same issues. He further states that the book may be interesting to economists, explaining that "the familiar problems of agency cost, information asymmetry, adverse selection, and moral hazard assume overarching importance in the VC business." He praises the book for giving "clarifying to these problems", being useful to "counterweight the more traditional presentation of these issues".
Reviewers also say that the authors "are strong supporters of the venture capital model", and hence "the reader is left with little doubt that the VC business has managed the trick at least tolerably well." George Kingston points out that the book was published prior to the stock market downturn of the internet bubble and "it does not address the impact of these events on venture capital".

</doc>
<doc id="20909867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909867" title="Bopha Puos Vaek">
Bopha Puos Vaek

Bopha Pos Vek is a Cambodian film. It is a sequel to the film "Entry Komar". The film stars Tep Rindaro as Reahu, Piseth Pilika as Chetra Tevy, Yutthara Chanee as Entry Komar, Sok Sreymom as Angelikesor, and Buncheurn Soriyan as Chendamony. The film was distributed in VHS by Preah Vihear Production and on DVD by a French production company called Klang Moueng Video.

</doc>
<doc id="20909869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909869" title="Alfred N. Beadleston">
Alfred N. Beadleston

Alfred Nash Beadleston, Jr. (February 20, 1912 – January 18, 2000) was an American Republican Party politician who served as Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly and President of the New Jersey Senate.
Biography.
Beadleston was born in Rumson, New Jersey in 1912 to Alfred Nash Beadleston, Sr. (1848–1915), partner in the Beadleston & Woerz brewery, and his wife Helen F. Hazard (1888–1937), daughter of Edward Clarke Hazard of the grocery firm E. C. Hazard and Company. His parents made headlines when they married in 1909, when the elder Beadleston was 60 years old and his bride was only 21.
Beadleston attended Fay School in Southborough, Massachusetts and St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire and Yale College. After graduating in 1934, Beadleston converted the family brewing company's facilities into commercial property and embarked on a career in public service. In 1938 he was elected to the Shrewsbury Borough Council, and two years later he was elected as Mayor of Shrewsbury, New Jersey. He served as Shewsbury mayor from 1941 to 1952.
In 1951 Beadleston was elected to the General Assembly from Monmouth County. In 1954 he authored legislation commonly known as "The Beadleston Act," which protected students with educational disabilities by guaranteeing their right to special education. 
Beadleston was named Speaker of the Assembly in 1964. In 1967 he was elected to the State Senate. He served as Senate President in 1973, becoming one of the few politicians in state history to hold the leadership posts in both houses of the legislature. 
Beadleston declined to run for another Senate term in 1977, retiring to his Rumson home. He died in 2000 at Riverview Medical Center in Red Bank at the age of 88.
Beadleston's first marriage, to Sylvia Lawrence White on February 16, 1935, ended in divorce. He remarried Isabel Palmer Morrell Waud on February 7, 1948. She was the widow of Dr. Sydney P. Waud of Chicago, a colonel in the Army Medical Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="20909882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909882" title="Hayes Creek">
Hayes Creek

Hayes Creek is a small river in San Francisco, California that has been largely culverted. The only remaining portion above ground is in the Mission Creek Channel that drains into China Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="20909910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909910" title="Kasiri">
Kasiri

Kasiri (also known as "kaschiri" and "cassava beer") is an alcoholic beverage made from cassava by Amerindians in Suriname and Guyana. The roots of the cassava plant are grated, diluted in water, and pressed in a cylindrical basketwork press to extract the juice. The extracted juice is fermented to produce kasiri. In Brazil, the cassava roots are chewed and expectorated, a process which starts fermentation.
The juice can also be boiled until it becomes a dark viscous syrup called kasripo (cassareep). This syrup has antiseptic properties and is used for flavoring.

</doc>
<doc id="20909913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909913" title="Princess seams">
Princess seams

Princess seams are long rounded seams sewn into women's blouses or shirts to add shaping or a tailored fit to closely follow a woman's shape. They are sewn into the front and/or back of a shirt, and extend from the waist up to the arms.
The princess seam style of dress needs no waistline at all, since it does its shaping without darts, by joining edges of different curvature. The resulting "princess seams" typically runs from the shoulder (or under the arm) curving gently over the bust point and down to the lower hem. This creates a long, slimming look, often seen in dresses with an "A-line" silhouette.

</doc>
<doc id="20909917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909917" title="Presystolic murmur">
Presystolic murmur

A presystolic murmur, also called presystolic accentuation, is a type of diastolic heart murmur typically associated with the opening snap in mitral valve stenosis. It is heard following the middiastolic rumble of the stenotic valve, during the diastasis phase, making it a "late diastolic" murmur.
The murmur is heard due to antegrade flow of blood through a progressively narrowing mitral opening during the end of the ventricular systole. This antegrade flow through the mitral valve before it completely closes appears to be the result of a pressure gradient at the end of diastole. As its name so indicates, the presystolic murmur is heard before the mitral valve produces the S1 heart sound.
Less often, a presystolic murmur can be heard when a right atrial myxoma causes a tricuspid valve obstruction to blood flow.

</doc>
<doc id="20909939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909939" title="Sparmac">
Sparmac

Sparmac (Sparmac Productions) was an Australian independent record production company and recording label of the early 1970s, best known for its association with the successful Australian rock band Daddy Cool.
The company was established ca. 1969 by radio DJ (and former "Kommotion" host) Ken Sparkes, and John McDonald, who was then the owner of popular Melbourne record store The Disc Shop, in Bourke Street, Melbourne. The company name was taken from the combination of their surnames.
Ca. 1970 Sparkes subsequently sold his share to the label's first recording artist, Robie Porter. Porter, a former teenage guitar prodigy, had enjoyed a very successful recording career under the stage name "Rob EG" in the early Sixties. He then spent several years in the U.S., where he also worked as an actor on US television. It was there that Porter met his future business partner Steve Binder, with whom he went on to establish Wizard Records (who re-issued the Sparmac albums). John McDonald also continued in the recording industry and later started both the Image Records and Avenue Records labels.
Sparmac's biggest success was Daddy Cool, whose debut single "Eagle Rock" became a national #1 hit in mid-1971. Their debut LP "Daddy Who? Daddy Cool" became the biggest-selling Australian pop LP ever released up to that time. Sparmac released all the group's out until their initial dissolution in late 1972.
Sparmac also played a significant role in launching the solo career of Rick Springfield (former lead guitarist of Zoot), releaseing his debut solo single "Speak to the Sky". The song which was a major hit in Australia, reaching #5 on the "Go-Set" national chart in January 1972 and it became his first hit in the USA, reaching #14 on the Billboard Hot 100
AS well as acting as the label's producer, Robie Porter himself released three solo singles on Sparmac: "Gemini" / "He Is Not Me" (Aug. 1970), "Santa Claus" / "Funky Version" (Dec. 1970) and a cover of the Joe Cocker-Chris Stainton song "Try to Find More Love (There Must be a Reason)" / "Empty" (March 1971). Another notable Sparmac singles include:

</doc>
<doc id="20909943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909943" title="Ian Carey">
Ian Carey

Ian Carey is an American house DJ, musician and record producer based in Miami, United States. Carey has performed as a disc jockey since 1993 and worked as a record producer since 1998. Working with Jason Papillon (see DJ Jason Brooks) as part of Soul Providers, their first single, "Rise", reached No. 59 on the UK Singles Chart.
Unhappy with the house music scene in America, Carey moved to the Netherlands from the US in 2003 and then on to Spain in 2006. In 2008, Ian Carey released the single "Get Shaky" (released as The Ian Carey Project) which peaked at No.2 in Australia and entered the top-10 in the UK, Belgium and New Zealand. The singles achieved Double Platinum certification in Australia and Gold certification in New Zealand. The song also won the award for Best Dance Video at the MTV Australia Awards 2009. Ian is now based in Miami, but spends much of the year touring internationally.
Biography.
Ian Carey has been a part of the worldwide house music scene for a number of years.
Carey grew up in a small town in Maryland, USA, about 2 hours from Washington DC. His father was a live sound engineer and ran a sound reinforcement company and had engineered for such groups as Kool & The Gang and The Duke Ellington Orchestra.
Carey became involved with dance music while in college. He had already experimented with the graffiti-writing scene in Baltimore, MD, where he met a number of hip-hop DJs, which led to him becoming involved in DJing. He was also introduced to house music while working at a record store. The success of Carey's first self-produced single "Rise" later influenced him to move to Europe to pursue a career in dance music production. His song "Get Shaky" reached the top ten and was world champion Czech Republic's official goal song at the IIHF Ice Hockey World Cup in Germany. In 2011 Ian collaborated with Snoop Dogg and Bobby Anthony on his single "Last Night" which was also remixed by Afrojack.

</doc>
<doc id="20909955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909955" title="Women &amp; Songs 5">
Women &amp; Songs 5

Women & Songs 5 is the fifth regular album, not counting special albums, in the "Women & Songs" franchise.
Overview.
The album was released on December 4, 2001. As always, the album is composed of tracks from the best female artists and new artists in the industry. 17 tracks are featured on this compilation including a special single remix of Faith Hill's hit "The Way You Love Me".

</doc>
<doc id="20909969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909969" title="NWA Austra-Asian Tag Team Championship">
NWA Austra-Asian Tag Team Championship

The NWA Austra-Asian Tag Team Championship was the top tag team professional wrestling title in the Australian World Championship Wrestling promotion from 1972 through the promotion's 1978 closure.
WCW joined the National Wrestling Alliance in August 1969, but still recognized the IWA World Tag Team Championship as its world title. In 1971, that title was abandoned and this title was established as WCW's new top tag team title.
24 different teams held the championship, combining for 29 individual title reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="20909987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909987" title="Alexis de Castillon">
Alexis de Castillon

Alexis de Castillon (born "Marie-Alexis de Castillon de Saint-Victor") (13 December 1838 in Chartres – 5 March 1873, in Paris) was a French composer of classical music.
Life and career.
Son of an old family of the Languedoc nobility, and initially intended by his parents for a military career, Castillon gave up plans for professional soldiering in favor of music, which he learned first in his birthplace and then in Paris, studying piano and composition. In this second capacity he went to the Paris Conservatoire; there he attended the class of Victor Massé and later, from 1869, that of the more distinguished César Franck. It was under Franck's aegis that Castillon composed his Opus 1, a piano quintet (he disavowed earlier efforts, including a symphony in F major which he had written in 1865).
In fragile health at the best of times (volunteering during the War of 1870, he fell ill and was demobilized in 1871), he died of complications from fever in 1873, before even reaching the age of 35. He nevertheless had time to compose several impressively Romantic works (bearing above all the influence of Robert Schumann). These works included pieces for piano, chamber music, mélodies, a piano concerto, and Symphonic Sketches. As well as writing music, he took part in Parisian musical life, in particular helping to create, in 1871, the "Société Nationale de Musique" of which he was the first secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="20909993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909993" title="International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association">
International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association

Background.
The International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association is a non-profit organization dedicated to the teaching, promotion and propagation of the Traditional Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan. It was founded on October 29, 1998 by Grandmaster Yang Zhenduo and his grandson Master Yang Jun. The Association is headquartered in Seattle, Washington, USA.
History.
In 1995, during an exhibition of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan promoted by the Shanxi Tai Chi Chuan Association in Taiyuan, China, a meeting was held with the participation of Masters Yang Zhenduo and Yang Jun and many other instructors of t'ai chi ch'uan from all over the world, whom they had met during their many travels. During the meeting it was decided to create the Yang Chengfu Tai Chi Chuan Centers and subsequently, three offices were opened in the USA in Texas, Michigan and New York, with directors Horacio Lopez, Han Hoong Wang and Bill Walsh, respectively. Yang Zhenduo opened these centers in honor of his father, Yang Chengfu, who was responsible for the widespread popularity of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan. In 1996 fourth center was added in New Jersey, USA, with director Andy Lee.
For years the Masters Yang Zhenduo and Yang Jun had visited the Yang Chengfu Tai Chi Chuan Centers, so the time was ripe for the creation of an "International Organization" which combined the centers and schools in each country into a cohesive structure. To attract more students, however, it was decided that an "Association" provided the best structure. So, on October 29, 1998 the International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association was founded in Seattle, Washington, USA. Then in August of the following year, Yang Jun, moved to Seattle with his wife Fang Hong and in September opened the Seattle center. Its website first opened on April 24, 1999.
Currently, the Association has 28 centers in 12 countries with more than 2000 members worldwide.
Several martial arts magazines have published articles on the International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association.
Purpose.
The purpose of the Association is the promotion of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan throughout the world. The following are the charters of the Association:

</doc>
<doc id="20909996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20909996" title="Paul Spindt">
Paul Spindt

Paul Spindt is the "Keehn Berry Chair of Banking and Finance" at the Freeman School of Business at Tulane University. He was previously a chair of the Federal Reserve System and taught at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Arizona State University before coming to Tulane. In addition to teaching and researching, he also works as a consultant. He has published a multitude of influential finance articles, and has contributed to the economic understanding of the analysis of monetary transactions. Additionally, he regularly publishes research on IPO analysis and dividend vs. stock repurchase decisions. He is an award recipient of the Journal of Finance.
Personal life.
Spindt's hobbies include photography, golf, and scuba diving. He enjoys listening to Elvis. Spindt is known to maintain a diverse home page, P.A. Spindt Unplugged (see here), which includes photos of tortoises.
Publications.
Some of Spindt's more notable contributions include:

</doc>
<doc id="20910002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910002" title="Darbandikhan Dam">
Darbandikhan Dam

The Darbandikhan Dam () is a multi-purpose embankment dam on the Diyala River in northern As Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq. It was constructed between 1956 and 1961. The purpose of the dam is irrigation, flood control, hydroelectric power production and recreation. Due to poor construction and neglect, the dam and its 249 MW power station have undergone several repairs over the years. A rehabilitation of the power station began in 2007 and is expected to be complete in 2012.
Background.
After the Harza Engineering Company of USA designed the dam, construction began in 1956. The reservoir began to fill in November 1961 and the dam was complete that same year. After the reservoir filled, several problems occurred. In 1967, there was a major slope failure about upstream of the dam. This and other slope failures are continually under repair. The bedrock beneath the dam has to be re-grouted and the crest of the dam settled too much, required it to be repaired. The rip-rap on the upstream face of the dam was also repaired in 1999 and 2000. Between 1983 and 1985 the dam's power station was replaced by Russian and Japanese companies. The original 2 x 800 kW generators were replaced with the current power plant's 83 MW generators. The generators were commissioned in 1990 after the political situation in the country calmed. However, two of the generators were not commissioned correctly and the turbines suffered from severe cavitation. New spillway gates were installed between 1989 and 1990 after they were removed in 1988 because of the Iran-Iraq War. During the war, the spillway and substation were damaged from bombing. The power station was damaged from bombing in 1990 as well. In 2007, the World Bank began a US$40 million project to repair the Darbandikhan and Dokan Dams. Repairs to the Darbandikhan Dam are expected to cost over $20 million and be complete in late 2012.
Design and operation.
The dam is located within a gorge on a foundation of sedimentary rocks. It is a rock-fill embankment type with a central clay core. The dam is tall and long ( if the spillway section is included). Its crest is wide and at an elevation of . The structural volume of the dam including rock, clay and filters is . The dam collects water from a catchment area that covers . Its reservoir, by design, has a storage capacity of . Of that capacity, is active (or useful) storage while is dead storage. At a normal elevation of , the reservoir covers an area of . To protect the dam from flooding, it is equipped with a controlled chute spillway on its right bank. It is controlled by three x 15 m tainter gates. At the terminus of each chute there is a ski-jump to help dissipate energy. The maximum discharge capacity of the spillway is . The dam's power plant is located at its toe and contains 3 x 83 MW Francis turbine-generators. They are each afforded a rated hydraulic head of and can each discharge . Above the tail-race for each turbine is an irrigation outlet. Each of the three outlets can discharge up to downstream.

</doc>
<doc id="20910018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910018" title="Rainbow Lodge">
Rainbow Lodge

Rainbow Lodge was a small railway resort and was the first commercial fishing and weekend retreat cabin on Alta Lake, which is now part of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, British Columbia, and stood from 1914 to 1977. The lodge was a log cabin with peaked roof on the northwest verge of the lake by the railway line. Railways in North America were keen to capitalize on tourist traffic, hence the Canadian Pacific Railway created Banff National Park in the mountains, and Mont-Tremblant in Quebec; Canadian National built Jasper Park Lodge; UPRR built Sun Valley, Idaho; D & R G built Winter Park in Colorado; Milwaukee Road started Snoqualmie Pass near Seattle. Rainbow Lodge was among the first built along the Pacific Great Eastern line, which as of 1915 opened from Squamish to Clinton, British Columbia and was one of several along the line as far as Lillooet where Craig Lodge was.
The Pacific Great Eastern Railway saw the benefits of having a resort in the mountains close to urban centres.
In this way, Alex and Myrtle Philip, who built Rainbow Lodge in 1914, catered to the railway, visitors and loggers. They provided lodging and meals for patrons, and for travelling through traffic. Rainbow Lodge also served as the area's post office. Horse loggers were busy in the valley prior to the Second World War.
By the 1940s, Rainbow Lodge had been enlarged to serve over 100 guests, and was the most popular camping lodge west of the Rocky Mountains. In 1948, the Philips sold the property to Alec and Audrey Greenwood.
Myrtle Philip lived in Whistler until her death in 1986. Rainbow Lodge burned down in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20910041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910041" title="Predator X (TV program)">
Predator X (TV program)

Predator X is a 2009 television special on the cable television channel History. The show documents the excavation of a giant pliosaur on an island in the Norwegian Svalbard archipelago. The special follows Dr. Jørn Hurum and a team of paleontologists from the University of Oslo as they excavate the site. 
The specimen — claimed by Hurum to be a new species — has not yet received a taxonomic classification and is, therefore, currently codenamed "Predator X". The team initially called their discovery "The Monster", and the nickname has been used extensively by the media. 
The initial discovery was made in 2006, as part of a find of dozens of pliosaur and plesiosaur specimens. At nearly 15 m (49 ft) in length, "The Monster" is the largest pliosaur skeleton ever discovered, considerably larger than "Kronosaurus".

</doc>
<doc id="20910055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910055" title="Predator X (disambiguation)">
Predator X (disambiguation)

Predator X, a pliosaur assigned to "Pliosaurus funkei".
Predator X may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20910074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910074" title="Ministry of the Imperial Court">
Ministry of the Imperial Court

Ministry of the Imperial Court was established in Russia in 1826, and embraced in one institution all the former separate branches of the Court administration. 
The Ministry of the Court was under the personal cognizance of His Majesty the Emperor and, therefore, rendered account of all its affairs to his majesty alone. After the February Revolution of 1917, the Ministry was abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20910079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910079" title="Adam Gertler">
Adam Gertler

Adam Gertler ( 1978) is an American cook, TV personality, and actor. He was the runner-up on season four of "The Next Food Network Star" and is a host of "FX Movie Download".
In 2009, he hosted Food Network's primetime series "Will Work for Food", where he gave viewers behind-the-scenes access to countless food-related jobs as he learned how to do everything from ice sculpting and truffle foraging to competitive eating and cranberry harvesting.
On July 12, 2010 his new show, "Kid in a Candy Store", premiered for The Food Network, featuring Gerlter traveling throughout the United States for more behind-the-scenes explorations, this time focusing on desserts. The show previewed on July 11, 2010 after a new episode of The Next Food Network Star.
Gertler grew up in Commack, New York and in 1999 graduated from Syracuse University with a BFA in acting. He served as executive chef for The Smoked Joint, a restaurant in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, until that restaurant closed. He now lives in California.

</doc>
<doc id="20910110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910110" title="Sporobolus virginicus">
Sporobolus virginicus

Sporobolus virginicus, known by numerous common names including marine couch, sand couch, salt couch grass, saltwater couch, coastal rat-tail grass, and nioaka, is a species of grass with a wide distribution.
Description.
It is a spreading perennial tussock grass from 10 to 50 centimetres in height. Its flowers are green or purple. It reproduces asexually by use of both stolons and rhizomes.
Taxonomy.
It was originally published by Carl Linnaeus in 1753, under the name "Agrostis virginicus". It was transferred into "Sporobolus" by Karl Sigismund Kunth in 1829. It has a great many synonyms.
Distribution and habitat.
It grows in Australia, New Zealand, many Pacific Islands, the Caribbean, Africa, India, China and Indonesia. It is widespread in Australia, occurring in every state, although in New South Wales it is considered naturalised.

</doc>
<doc id="20910111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910111" title="David Elfick">
David Elfick

David Elfick (b. Sydney, Australia, 1944) is an Australian film and television writer, director, producer and occasional actor. He is known for his association with writer-director Phillip Noyce with whom he has collaborated on films including "Newsfront" (1978) and "Rabbit-Proof Fence" (2002).
Elfick began his film career as the producer of the 1971 surf movie "Morning of the Earth", directed by Alby Falzon. In 1973 Elfick collaborated with surfer, writer and cinematographer George Greenough as producer-director of "Crystal Voyager". This became one of the most successful Australian surf movies ever made, grossing over A$100,000 on its first release, followed by six-month run in London, where it ran on a double bill with René Laloux's "Fantastic Planet" and grossed over UK£100,000.
Elfick was co-writer (with Philippe Mora) of the original story for the acclaimed docu-drama "Newsfront", in which he also had a small role, and he also had a minor role (as a projectionist) in Albie Thoms' "Palm Beach" (1979).
Elfick's credits as a producer include the pop film "Starstruck" (1982), the comedy "Emoh Ruo" (1985), the drama "Blackrock" (1997) and the multi-award-winning "Rabbit Proof Fence" (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="20910112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910112" title="Brachymyrmex">
Brachymyrmex

Brachymyrmex is a genus in the ant subfamily Formicinae. The genus can be recognized by the combination of having nine antennal segments (fewer than most ants) and the petiole concealed by the gaster in dorsal view. They are sometimes called "rover ants".
See also.
List of Brachymyrmex species

</doc>
<doc id="20910113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910113" title="Afra (beatboxer)">
Afra (beatboxer)

, better known by his stage name of Afra, is a Japanese beatboxer from the Osaka metropolitan area. He formed the beatboxing band Afra & Incredible Beatbox Band in 2005 with Kei and K-Moon. He had a guest appearance alongside Kōichi Yamadera in the eighth episode of the anime "Samurai Champloo" as the voice of the beatboxing Shinpachi.

</doc>
<doc id="20910127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910127" title="Sung-Hoon Kim">
Sung-Hoon Kim

Sung-Hoon Kim (born 1978) is a South Korean pianist.

</doc>
<doc id="20910138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910138" title="Salvia miniata">
Salvia miniata

Salvia miniata (Belize sage) is a herbaceous perennial shrub from Belize and the Mexican state of Chiapas. It typically grows on shaded mountain hillsides at 600 m elevation. The single flowers are clear red, with an orange undertone, about 2.5 cm long. The flowers grow in whorls on inflorescences up to 30 cm long. "Salvia miniata" reaches about 1 m in height and width during the summer growing season, with many branches from the base, and myrtle-green glossy leaves measuring about 13 cm long and 5 cm wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20910139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910139" title="Arroyo Dolores">
Arroyo Dolores

Arroyo Dolores (Spanish for Our Lady of Sorrow Creek) is a river in San Francisco, California that has been largely culverted. The only remaining portion above ground is in the Mission Creek Channel that drains into China Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="20910150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910150" title="Sacred Classics">
Sacred Classics

Sacred Classics is a weekly two–hour radio show originating from WBVM-FM in Tampa, Florida, featuring choral and organ music from international venues. Founded in October 1983, it is broadcast on Saturdays and Sundays, as well as streamed over the Internet at various times to accommodate listeners worldwide. The program is produced by Atlas Communications and hosted by Jim Howes, who uses the thousands of pipe organ and choral recordings in his personal collection, gathered from his travels around the world. Programs typically include music from such diverse locations as England, Germany, South Africa, Riga, Latvia, and Sydney, Australia, along with prominent church choirs and organists in the U.S. Live organ concerts are also sponsored and recorded for later broadcast, as in 2004 when celebrated organist Frederick Swann performed at the 88-rank organ of St. Paul's Anglican Church in Bermuda.
Production.
Howes, who is former executive director of the Bermuda International Airport (2002–2007) and St. Petersburg-Clearwater International Airport (1980–2001), produces the program at WBVM's studios in Florida. When he was in Bermuda, he told the "Bermuda Sun", several weeks' programs were pre–recorded at a time during trips to his home in Florida, using his personal library. Howes regularly gets emails from his audience in Europe, the Mideast, and the Philippines.
Tom Derzypolski, then-vice president of WBVM-FM in Tampa, told the "St. Petersburg Times" in 1997 that the show is "extremely popular. Jim mixes some of the pieces that he picks up traveling around the world with some of the sacred classics. A lot of the selections that he broadcasts are literally not available. He provides a unique blend". Howes said he "enjoys conversing with the audience and providing sacred masterpieces performed at famous cathedrals and concert halls." 
On location live recordings are also occasionally broadcast. Past venues have included the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine, New York, the Ocean Grove Auditorium in New Jersey, St. Paul's Anglican Church in Bermuda, and Brown Memorial Presbyterian Church in Baltimore, Maryland.
History.
"Sacred Classics" was initially two distinct programs, "King of Instruments" and "Choral Masterpieces", both produced by Howes for the old WXCR beginning in 1983 and 1985, respectively. After production moved to WBVM in 1986, the current format combining choral and organ music was adopted and the program was retitled "Sacred Classics". On the show's 25th anniversary broadcast in 2008, Frederick Swann, president of the American Guild of Organists, expressed the organization's "great debt of gratitude for the joy that "Sacred Classics" has brought untold thousands of listeners over the years". Premier of Bermuda Ewart Brown sent his "sincere congratulations", saying he "hopes "Sacred Classics" enjoys another 25 great years".
In addition to streaming "Sacred Classics" on the internet, the program's website also maintains a widely consulted ranking of the world's largest pipe organs, based on independently researched and verified specifications.

</doc>
<doc id="20910156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910156" title="Sand Couch">
Sand Couch

Sand Couch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20910179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910179" title="Greta Gaard">
Greta Gaard

Greta Claire Gaard (born 1960, Hollywood, California) is an ecofeminist writer, scholar, activist, and documentary filmmaker. Gaard's academic work in the realms of ecocriticism and ecocomposition is widely cited by scholars in the disciplines of composition and literary criticism. Her theoretical work extending ecofeminist thought into queer theory, vegetarianism, and animal liberation has been influential within women's studies. A cofounder of the Minnesota Green Party, Gaard documented the transition of the U.S. Green movement into the Green Party of the United States in her book, "Ecological Politics". She is currently a professor of English at University of Wisconsin-River Falls and a community faculty member in Women's Studies at Metropolitan State University, Twin Cities.
Ecocriticism and ecocomposition.
Gaard has applied ecofeminist theory to both literary criticism and composition instruction, thereby contributing feminist insights to the emerging fields of ecocriticism and ecocomposition.
"Ecofeminist Literary Criticism: Theory, Interpretation, Pedagogy," edited by Gaard and Patrick D. Murphy, was the first anthology to examine not only how ecofeminist theory might enhance literary criticism but also how close reading of texts might inform ecofeminist theory and activist practice. This development in ecocriticism was welcomed by scholars who, along with Simon C. Estok, believe that "if ecocriticism is to have any effect outside of the narrow confines of academia, then it must not only define itself but also address the issue of values in ways that connect meaningfully with the non-academic world."
Gaard's widely cited contribution to "Ecocomposition: Theoretical and Practical Approaches" similarly argues for the activist applications of scholarly theory, asserting that "at its most inclusive, ecocomposition has the potential to address social issues such as feminism, environmental ethics, multiculturalism, politics, and economics, all by examining matters of form and style, audience and argumentation, and reliable sources and documentation."
Ecofeminist theory.
"One of the most influential ecofeminist scholars," Gaard has extended ecofeminist theory by mapping linkages with queer theory and by compiling ecofeminist ideas concerning vegetarianism and animal liberation.
Prior to Gaard's germinal 1997 article, "Toward a Queer Ecofeminism," published first in the scholarly journal "Hypatia" and then anthologized in "Perspectives on Environmental Justice, Gender, Sexuality, and Activism," ecofeminism and queer theory were separate realms within feminism. As Gaard writes in her introduction to that piece,
Although many ecofeminists acknowledge heterosexism as a problem, a systematic exploration of the potential intersections of ecofeminist and queer theories has yet to be made. By interrogating social constructions of the "natural," the various uses of Christianity as a logic of domination, and the rhetoric of colonialism, this essay finds those intersections and argues for the importance of developing a queer ecofeminism.
Numerous scholars have since drawn upon that essay in formulating their theories. Gaard's 1993 anthology, "Ecofeminism: Women, Animals, Nature" also introduced new theoretical intersections. As Gaard noted in her introduction to the pieces collected in that work, "in the three anthologies published at the time of this writing, ecofeminism has failed to locate animals as central to any discussion of ethics involving women and nature." Gaard followed up that anthology with a 2003 review of vegetarian ecofeminist thought.
Ecological politics.
As an activist, Gaard participated in the Green movement for more than a decade. In 1993, she was among the founders of the Minnesota Green Party. In 1994, she documented ecofeminist participation in the Greens in the video documentary, "Thinking Green: Ecofeminists and the Greens." Gaard's 1998 book, "Ecological Politics: Ecofeminists and the Greens," draws upon interviews with scores of participants to tell the story of the controversial transition of the Green movement into a national political party from multiple perspectives, concluding that 
Ecofeminists can learn from the Greens and from the work of ecofeminists in the Greens. A radically democratic movement for social and environmental justice will be larger than ecofeminism and larger than the Greens. Yet we can only bring about that movement by working with and through our communities--and our communities will always be partial, unrepresentative, incomplete. Only the coalition of a variety of progressive communities will bring about the transformations needed to articulate a radical democracy, and in that coalition, an ecofeminist vision will find expression.
Other writing.
Gaard also has published fiction, poetry, and creative nonfiction as well as critical essays in non-scholarly publications. Her 2007 book, "The Nature of Home," collects several works of creative nonfiction centered on the question of ecological connections to and within places.
Other activism.
Gaard was a member of the now-inactive Feminists for Animal Rights, publishing some essays in the FAR newsletter.
Selected publications.
Books
Chapters
Peer-reviewed articles
Creative Nonfiction
Other publications

</doc>
<doc id="20910182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910182" title="Sint-Eloois-Winkel">
Sint-Eloois-Winkel

Sint-Eloois-Winkel is a village in the Belgian province of West-Flanders. It is a "deelgemeente" of the municipality of Ledegem, separated from the center of the town by highway A17. The population of Sint-Eloois-Winkel is 3800, only a few hundred less than that of central Ledegem.
History.
In the 18th century Sint-Eloois-Winkel was divided by the almost as three times bigger neighbor town, Gullegem, only to get back its dependence after a few year of separation from Ledegem, since there is no own mail, library and city hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20910186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910186" title="Witness (Dave Douglas album)">
Witness (Dave Douglas album)

Witness is the 18th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the RCA label in 2001 and features performances by Douglas, Chris Speed, Joe Daley, Mark Feldman, Erik Friedlander, Drew Gress, Bryan Carrott, Michael Sarin, Ikue Mori, Joshua Roseman and Yuka Honda with Tom Waits providing vocals on one track.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Alex Henderson awarded the album 4 stars stating "One of the things that makes Dave Douglas such a compelling voice in avant-garde jazz is his open-mindedness. The New York-based trumpeter has made a point of exposing himself to a wide variety of music -- everything from Lester Bowie's innovations to classical to East European folk -- and his willingness to be influenced by so many different things has made for a lot of fresh, adventurous albums. Witness is no exception; this 2001 release finds the jazzman being affected by classical as well as Middle Eastern and North African music... "Witness" is yet another album that Douglas can be proud of".

</doc>
<doc id="20910196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910196" title="Dukan Dam">
Dukan Dam

The Dukan Dam is a multi-purpose concrete arch dam in As Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq. It impounds the Little Zab, thereby creating Lake Dukan. The Dukan Dam was built between 1954 and 1959 whereas its power station became fully operational in 1979. The dam is long and high and its hydroelectric power station has a maximum capacity of 400 MW.
Project history.
The Dukan Dam was built between 1954 and 1959 as a multi-purpose dam to provide water storage, irrigation and hydroelectricity. The design for the dam was carried out by the British engineering company Binnie & Partners (with Partner and third generation Binnie engineer Geoffrey Binnie the key engineer). Prior to the flooding of Lake Dukan, the area has been subjected to archaeological research to investigate as many archaeological sites as possible. An archaeological survey in the Ranya Plain documented some 40 archaeological sites with evidence for occupation ranging from the sixth millennium BCE up to the present. Five of these sites were then excavated: Tell Bazmusian, ed-Dem, Kamarian, Qarashina and Tell Shemshara. The excavations at Tell Bazmusian revealed a temple dating to the second millennium BCE. At Tell Shemshara, an early-sixth millennium BCE village was excavated, as well as an early-second millennium BCE palace with a small archive of clay tablets. The inhabitants of some 50 villages in the flooded area, around 1,000–1,200 families, were resettled to the west of the lake. The power station was designed in 1973 by the Russian company Hydroproject and became operational in 1979. Due to lack of maintenance and repairs, the power station has underperformed and is now, after 30 years of service, due for replacement.
In 2007, the World Bank began a US$40 million project to repair the Dokan and Darbandikhan Dams. Repairs to the Dokan Dam are expected to cost over $8 million and be complete in late 2012.
Characteristics of the dam.
The Dukan Dam is a multi-purpose concrete arch dam abutted by gravity monoliths. It is long and high. At its base it is wide, tapering off to at the top. The combined maximum discharge of the dam is per second. This is divided over a spillway tunnel with three radial gates having a combined maximum discharge of per second, and an emergency bellmouth gloryhole spillway with a capacity of per second. Two irrigation outlets with a combined discharge of per second have not been operated over the last ten years. The powerhouse of five Francis units at 80 MW each releases between per second. Lake Dukan, the reservoir created by the Dukan Dam, has a surface area of . Its anticipated capacity is with a maximum of .

</doc>
<doc id="20910212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910212" title="Ethnic groups in Senegal">
Ethnic groups in Senegal

Ethnic groups in Senegal are numerous for such a small area, and subgroups can be distinguished within several of them. According to one 2005 estimate, there are twenty groups of varying size.
The origin of these ethnic groups was studied extensively by Cheikh Anta Diop, although his findings remain controversial and disputed to this day.
Major groups.
A few Bassari and Bedick live in the hills in eastern Senegal around Kédougou. These are subgroups of the Tenda, same as the Coniagui and the Badiaranké.
Europeans and descendants of Lebanese migrants are fairly numerous in urban centres in Senegal, about 50.000.
Minor groups.
There are also many other smaller representations of other ethnic groups in Senegal, including the Khassonké, the Lawbe and the Papel.
There are also small Chinese and Vietnamese migrant communities.
Commonality.
The predominant ethnic groups in Senegal share a common cultural background so that, apart from their languages that also have many similarities, there are no effective cultural barriers between them. This is why marriage between ethnic groups in Senegal is so common.

</doc>
<doc id="20910221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910221" title="Salvia blepharophylla">
Salvia blepharophylla

Salvia blepharophylla (eyelash-leaved sage) is a creeping perennial from the Mexican states of San Luis Potosí and Tamaulipas. The epithet, "blepharophylla", is from the Greek for "with leaves fringed like eyelashes". It's a rapidly spreading stoloniferous plant with long signal-red flowers with an orange undertone. The flowers grow in loose whorls spaced about apart, on long inflorescences. In full bloom the plant reaches in height.

</doc>
<doc id="20910240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910240" title="Tampering with Asylum">
Tampering with Asylum

Tampering with Asylum is a 2003 book by Father Frank Brennan. 
The Australia Government denied the MV Tampa ship, and asylum seekers it had rescued, permission to dock at the nearest landfall of Christmas Island (see Tampa affair). Brennan argues that this response by the Howard government was a "massive overreaction".
The book was launched at the National Press Club (Australia), on 5 November 2003, and won a 2004 Gleebooks Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20910269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910269" title="Zofia Baniecka">
Zofia Baniecka

Zofia Baniecka (1917 in Warsaw – 1993) was a Polish member of the Resistance during World War II. In addition to relaying guns and other materials to resistance fighters, Baniecka and her mother rescued over 50 Jews in their home between 1941 and 1944. Later, Baniecka was an activist with the Intervention Bureau of the Polish Workers' Defence Committee () in 1977. She and her husband were active participants in the Solidarity movement in the 1980s, distributing underground press. In her professional capacity, Baniecka was a long-time member of the Warsaw chapter of the Association of Polish Artists and Designers ("ZPAP"). 
Life.
Born fifteen years after her parents' wedding, Zofia Baniecka was the only child of a sculptor father and a teacher mother from Warsaw. Her parents were not religious, nevertheless, she went to a Catholic school. She then studied at the Warsaw University, before the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland. Zofia had many Jewish friends from assimilated homes just like her own intellectually inclined parents. In late 1940 the Nazi occupiers ordered the family to relocate when their home fell within the boundaries of the newly established Warsaw Ghetto. 
All three family members began to work for the Polish underground. Zofia's inconspicuous grey-haired mother was transporting weapons in her shopping bag for the Resistance, while Zofia's father smuggled food and books to friends in the Ghetto. Thanks to help from their underground contacts, the family soon moved to a large apartment with four rooms and a kitchen — near the walls of the ghetto — and began taking in Jewish refugees. The apartment was divided by curtains with a different Jewish family behind each one. Nobody was ever refused: friends, strangers, acquaintances. Zofia got involved with the underground press and also, helped the Jewish Committee find hiding places for the children. As a courier, she distributed underground newspapers and relayed orders around the General Government. 
Even though in 1941 Zofia's father was killed in a Soviet air-strike on Warsaw — from winter of 1941 till August 1944 (when the Warsaw Uprising started) — the two women managed to rescue at least fifty (50) Jews in their home, including a family of ten, escaping the Ghetto firestorm in April 1943 following the failed Ghetto Uprising. When their house was full, the Banieckis helped Jews find other places to hide. 
After the Soviet takeover of Poland at the end of World War II, Zofia was arrested by the Communist authorities as a member of Resistance; but, was ultimately released. She got married. Years later, with her husband, Baniecka got involved with the anticommunist Komitet Obrony Robotników (KOR), undeterred by the threat of repressions. Ultimately, she also became an active participant in the Polish Solidarity movement of the 1980s.
Footnotes.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20910280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910280" title="La Plata skate">
La Plata skate

The La Plata skate (Atlantoraja platana) is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives off the coast of Brazil, Uruguay and Argentina in depths ranging from 19 to 181 meters. Its total length is about 60 centimeters. Males reach maturity when 86% of total length which means about 47 to 53 centimeters. Females attain maturity at 94% of total length, 45 to 50 centimeters. It is oviparous, lays oblong egg capsules with horned corners. Feeds small fish, penaeid crustaceans and cephalopods. It is relative rare with population trend decreasing, major threat being fishing, although it is mainly a bycatch.

</doc>
<doc id="20910348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910348" title="The Red Tusk">
The Red Tusk

The Red Tusk is a mountain in the Tantalus Range of the Pacific Ranges in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of Mount Tantalus and west of Cheekye. 
The Red Tusk gets its name from the reddish metamorphic rock that forms the mountain. It has a similar appearance to the smaller, but more famous Black Tusk in the Garibaldi Ranges further east.

</doc>
<doc id="20910351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910351" title="Pinners">
Pinners

Pinners is a Chicago neighborhood game played on the front-stoop or walls with angled bricks/stones which can be used to pop the ball up in the air. References and accounts of playing exist to the 1960s or earlier. The batter would throw a rubber/tennis ball at the edge of the step or angled wall brick, and the fielder(s) would try to catch the ball as it bounces back. The scoring rules are similar to baseball, but with runs being virtual determined by where the ball lands. A single, double, tripe or home run would be predetermined landmarks (i.e. sidewalk, trees, cars, street, curb/sidewalk lines) from the batting area. A catch is an out, and a one-handed catch could be used for a "rushie." As with most neighborhood games, rules varied by the groups playing and house rules would be determined at the start of the game, including the base locations. The game utilizes traditional Chicago neighborhood row house architecture, with most houses having a front stoop or stairs that lead from the front door to the sidewalk that can be used. Many of the schools built in Chicago also have a "perfect" angled section of brick which can be used for the game, and often neighborhood kids would paint a box with an X marking the angled sections.
Some Children called the game "Ledge" or "Bounce Out", but it was not the common name.

</doc>
<doc id="20910352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910352" title="Austin Ventures">
Austin Ventures

Austin Ventures (AV) is a private equity firm focused on venture capital and growth equity investments in business services and supply chain, financial services, new media, Internet, and information services companies nationally with a focus on Texas. The firm, which is based in Austin, Texas, was founded in 1984. AV has raised approximately $3.9 billion since inception across ten private equity funds. In September 2008, the firm announced the closing of Austin Ventures X with $900 million of investor commitments which will be used to fund start-up capital for emerging companies and growth capital for expansion rounds and recapitalizations.
CEO-in-Residence Program.
In early 2003, AV initiated the CEO-in-Residence program, where they partner with proven, entrepreneurial CEOs to pursue value-creation opportunities in segments of mutual interest.
Austin Ventures proactively seeks to buy and build companies in markets where their CEO partners have experience. They work closely with their CEO partners by assisting with deal flow, supporting the recruitment of their team, driving due diligence efforts, refining investment and business strategy, and providing transaction expertise.
Several AV Partners are continually developing investment themes and simultaneously seeking out talented executive entrepreneurs with whom to partner in this program. Jeff Browning, AV Recruiting Partner, leads AV's effort from a recruiting process perspective. AV looks for CEOs to work with in several areas including:
Business Services and Supply Chain, Financial Services, Information Services, New Media, Software & Internet, Texas Special Situations
Entrepreneur-in-Residence Program.
Similar to the CEO-in-Residence program, Austin Ventures partners with visionary entrepreneurs and startup executives to build category-defining technology companies. AV focuses on seed and rapid growth opportunities in:
Business Services and Supply Chain, Financial Services, Information Services, New Media, Software & Internet, Texas Special Situations
Portfolio.
The portfolio includes HomeAway, Bazaarvoice, WhaleShark Media (now RetailMeNot, Inc.), Dachis Group, Spiceworks

</doc>
<doc id="20910359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910359" title="Austrodanthonia caespitosa">
Austrodanthonia caespitosa

Austrodanthonia caespitosa, known by various common names including Common Wallaby-grass, Ringed Wallaby-grass, and White-top, is a species of grass native to southern parts of Australia.
Description.
It is a tufted perennial grass that reaches up to 90 centimetres high. Flowers are purple or green, and occur in a panicle of from 10 to 30 spikelets, each of which contains from four to nine individual flowers.
Taxonomy.
It was first collected from Shark Bay in Western Australia by Charles Gaudichaud-Beaupré, botanist to the expedition of Louis de Freycinet. It was published by Gaudichaud-Beaupré in 1829 under the name "Danthonia caespitosa". During the 1960s and 1970s it was transferred firstly into "Notodanthonia" and then into "Rytidosperma". In 1993 it was transferred into "Austrodanthonia" by Hans Peter Linder, and there it remains.
Distribution and habitat.
It occurs throughout the wetter, cooler parts of southern Australia. It is found in a many diverse habitats, and tolerates a range of soils, including sands, loams, granite, and laterite.
Ecology.
Flowering occurs in spring or summer, usually in response to rain.

</doc>
<doc id="20910403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910403" title="Biatora">
Biatora

Biatora is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae. First described in 1817, the genus consists of crustose lichens with green algal photobionts, biatorine apothecia, colorless, simple to 3-septate ascospores, and bacilliform pycnospores. According to the "Dictionary of the Fungi" (10th edition, 2008), the genus contains 42 species that are widely distributed in temperate areas.

</doc>
