<doc id="20884805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884805" title="Michael Jibson">
Michael Jibson

Michael Jibson (born 16 December 1980) is an English actor.
Background.
He is married to the stage actress Caroline Sheen; their daughter Flora was born in 2012. His father, Tim Jibson, was the programme director of KCFM in Hull. His brother is the actor Paul Jibson. Michael grew up in Hessle and attended Hessle High School and also played football for the school team as well as Hessle Vikings.
He trained with the National Youth Music Theatre, appearing in their productions of Bugsy Malone, Tin Pan Ali and The Kissing Dance. He made his West End debut at the age of 14 in Oliver at the London Palladium, directed by Sam Mendes. He later trained at Guildford School of Acting
Theatre work.
In 2003, at the age of twenty two, he was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical for his performance as Joe Casey in the Madness/Tim Firth musical "Our House" directed by Matthew Warchus.
Other theatre work includes in 2004, "Brighton Rock" at the Almeida Theatre, playing the lead role of Pinkie Brown, directed by Michael Attenborough; in 2005-06, various roles in the Royal Shakespeare Company's adaptation of The Canterbury Tales; in 2007, Charles Lindbergh in Take Flight at the Menier Chocolate Factory (nominated for a Theatregoer's Choice award for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical) ; in 2008, the dual roles of Puck and Philostrate in A Midsummer Night's Dream directed by Jonathan Munby at Shakespeare's Globe, where he also appeared as the Painter in Timon of Athens directed by Lucy Bailey; in 2010 he played Dromio of Syracuse in Roxana Silbert's production of A Comedy of Errors at the Manchester Royal Exchange Theatre. In 2011 he returned to the Menier Chocolate Factory where he played Addison Mizner in the European Premier of Stephen Sondheim and John Weidman's Road Show, directed by John Doyle.
Film work.
Jibson's film work includes Lyle Porter in "Flyboys", directed by Tony Bill; Eddie Burton in "The Bank Job", directed by Roger Donaldson; "Lecture 21" directed Alessandro Barrico; Steve Maddox in "Red Mist", directed by Paddy Breathnach; Adam in "Devils Bridge", directed by Chris Crow; the cameo role of Cliff in "Cemetery Junction", directed by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant; Michael in the short film "Golden Boy", directed by Craig Pickles and Dave in "Panic Button", directed by Chris Crow. He also appeared in the "Les Misérables" film, playing the Factory Foreman. Other forthcoming films include The Darkest Day, directed by Chris Crow and "Hammer of the Gods", directed by Farren Blackburn. In 2013, Jibson appeared in "The Fifth Estate", directed by Bill Condon, "Good People", directed by Henrik Ruben Genz, and "POSH", directed by Lone Scherfig.
Television work.
Jibson's television work includes Phamer McCoy in the 2012 Primetime Emmy Awards winning 2012 US miniseries "Hatfields & McCoys", directed by Kevin Reynolds and starring Kevin Costner and Bill Paxton. In 2013 BBC Four film "Burton & Taylor", alongside Helena Bonham Carter and Dominic West and "The Thirteenth Tale" starring Vanessa Redgrave and Olivia Coleman - both for the BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="20884821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884821" title="Autoimmune estrogen dermatitis">
Autoimmune estrogen dermatitis

Autoimmune estrogen dermatitis presents as a cyclic skin disorder that may appear eczematous, papular, bullous, or urticarial. with pruritus typically present, skin eruptions that may be chronic but which are exacerbated premenstrually or occur immediately following menses.

</doc>
<doc id="20884828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884828" title="The Idea (musical)">
The Idea (musical)

The Idea is a musical with words and music by Joseph Hart.
The original production, featuring Frederick Hallen and Joseph Hart, was produced by Hallen in Boston in the fall 1892. It then opened in New York City at the Fourteenth Street Theatre on April 9, 1893 and was still playing there in October. 
In 1894, a revival played in Chicago.
Roles and New York cast.
The opening night cast in New York was as follows:
Songs.
Based on the sheet music, the songs included:

</doc>
<doc id="20884846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884846" title="The Promiseland">
The Promiseland

The Promiseland is a 1986 album by country singer Willie Nelson. It reached #1 on the US Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20884852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884852" title="Éire Óg-Corrachoill CLG">
Éire Óg-Corrachoill CLG

Éire Óg-Corrachoill is a hurling club based in the parish of Caragh in County Kildare. The parish of Caragh includes the village of Caragh itself, surrounding townlands and Prosperous village which is situated about 3 km north-west from the village. The club is the result of an amalgamation which occurred in 1994 between Éire Óg of Caragh and Corrachoill of Prosperous. The first record of any kind of success in the Caragh parish area involves the Clongorey Campaigners. RIC records from 1890 show that Clongorey Campaigners had 38 members with Dan Kelly, John Murphy, Pat Fullam and James Kelly listed as officers. Clongorey reached the Senior Hurling Championship final in 1891 and but were defeated by Maynooth. Their home ground is in donore just opposite the motor racing circuit Mondello Park.
History of Corrachoill.
Hurling was introduced to Prosperous in the mid 70s. The team played under the name of Caragh and played their home games at St. Farnans Park. Caragh won its first league title in 1983 and in 1984 won their first Junior championship and were also successful in retaining their league title. The hurling club changed its name to Corrachoill hurling club in the mid 80s. The club won its first Intermediate Championship title as Corrachoill in 1988. Corrachoill moved to the playing pitches of the Secondary school in the village in the 90s. The club had considerable underage success in the early 90s with the under 12 team falling to a defeat after a replay against Confey GAA in the Championship and the Under 13 team winning the league. 
The amalgamation of both clubs was somewhat controversial in Corrachoill. A portion of the club membership at the time was against it and tried to set up a separate club in Prosperous carrying out underage training at the primary school in Prosperous. Some adult and underage players left the club joining Coill Dubh GAA, Ardclough GAA and Clane GAA with some deciding to turn their backs on the game of hurling altogether. Some of those that left the game of hurling did eventually rejoin their new and old Éire Óg-Corrachoill teammates .
Camogie in Prosperous and Caragh.
Its not certain when camogie was first played in Prosperous. There is little doubt that camogie was played in Kildare soon after the sport was first organised in 1904. Although records are sparse Newbridge, Naas, Blacktrench, Prosperous and Ballymore applied unsuccessfully for affiliation to Kildare GAA board in 1921. Kildare sent delegates to the camogie congress of 1932, and a county board was formed in 1934 with Father Byrne C.C. of Caragh as President. 
Camogie was reorganised at a county convention in 1954, and has been played in Kildare continuously since. It was introduced to Caragh GAA in 1955. The team played in the colours grey and red. Caragh won the county championship in 1958 but were not able to field a team again until 1962. The Camogie team was reorganised by Betty Garry in 1962. They won the senior league in 1964 and senior championship and league in 1965 and again in 1966. They were defeated in the 1967 camogie county championship by Geraldines 5-0 to 4-2. Many of Clane GAA best players joined Prosperous in 1983 resulting in the side lapsing. The history of Camogie in Prosperous from 1967–1983 and again to present day is uncertain. But under the name of Prosperous camogie club they won the Championship in 1972, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1980, 1981. League success was also enjoyed in 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1981, 1984, 1985, 1986.
Éire Óg.
The club won its First Intermediate in 1960 and enjoyed a great period of dominance in Kildare Senior Hurling Championship spanning from 1964-1977 winning 9 of the 11 finals they were in. On two occasions they were denied a five in a row by Ardclough GAA who won the Senior Championship themselves 4 times in the same period (Suncroft denied Ardclough a four in a row in 1974). The club won their second Intermediate championship in 1975. They were to endure a barren spell reaching the Championship final in 1984 and winning but losing in 1987 and 1990 to Coill Dubh on both occasions and again in 1992 this time losing to Castledermot GAA and suffering defeat once more to Coill Dubh in 1993.
Éire Óg-Corrachoill.
Hurling.
Éire Óg-Corrachoill won its first Intermediate Championship title in 1996.
In 1999 the club reached its first Senior hurling championship final. However they were defeated by Coill Dubh GAA 1-14 to 1-6. The Minor team won the Minor B Hurling Championship Final defeating St. Patrick’s 4-21 to 1-05 in 2008.
Camogie.
In 2006 Éire Óg-Corrachoill Camogie Club was formed. An under thirteen team gathered under Tanya Johnson, assisted by Tom Kenny and Liz Roche on 24 August 2006. The founding Committee consisted of Mary Johnson as President, Jim Kennedy (Chairman), Tom Kenny (Vice-Chairman), Liz Roche (Secretary), Maree Byrne, Martina Campbell (Joint Treasurers), Eunice Lavelle (Public Relations Officer), Jane Begley (Registrar), Mary Johnson, Nicole Dempsey (Child Officers). The club currently cater from Under 7 to Under 13 level. Pat Dunney was appointed as team manager to the Kildare camogie county team. The Éire Óg-Corrachoill Camogie Under 13 team won Division 4 of the league.
Teams of the Millennium.
Éire Óg and Prosperous camogie clubs both had players named on their respective Teams of the Millennium. Pat Dunny was the only player chose for both the Kildare football and hurling teams of the millennium, one of two players to play hurling and football for Leinster on the same day, a Cuchulainn All Stars Award winner in 1967 and later chairman of Kildare GAA county board.
Honours.
Hurling.
Caragh
Corrachoill
Éire Óg
Éire Óg-Corrachoill
Camogie.
Caragh
Prosperous
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20884855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884855" title="Teddy Dressing">
Teddy Dressing

Teddy Dressing is a picture book by Bethany M. Owens and David James Owens, published in 1986. It teaches independence through an illustrated story about a teddy bear getting dressed one morning, thus helping children identify clothing items and learn how to dress themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20884877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884877" title="In the Line of Fire (Robin Trower album)">
In the Line of Fire (Robin Trower album)

In the Line of Fire is the fourteenth studio album by Robin Trower, and the third to feature Davey Pattison on lead vocals.
The song "Isn't It Time" was originally recorded by the English group The Babys in 1977 and released on their album "Broken Heart. 
References.
Source - Album cover and liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20884925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884925" title="Prolyfic">
Prolyfic

Prolyfic (born David Lemar Ewing Jr. in Chicago, IL) is an American Hip-Hop record producer, and Songwriter best known for his work with the Grammy Award Winning hip hop artist Lupe Fiasco.
Early life.
David Lemar Ewing Jr. was born in Chicago, Illinois the son of Anita Logan and David Lemar Ewing Sr. As a teenager, Ewing became interested in hip hop, performing amateur raps at age fourteen under the name Prolyfic. Although a student at Simeon Career Academy on the southside, he frequently participated in freestyle battles at local parties across town, he made way to gain the approval of hip hop underground audiences, alongside fellow members of his Inner Circle/I.C.U squad.
As Ewing's reputation grew, more popular crew's sought out to acquire him as a member. In 1997 he joined the group ILL Nature, and merged a union between the groups he had already led, and the new group he was a part of, to create the "360 Click", a crew that consisted of Inner Circle, I.C.U., & ILL Nature. They then went on to win several local, as well as All City Rap Battles, including Ewing winning 2 himself, and placing runner up in his very first attendance against local legend Profound.
As Ewing started to mature, his focus leaned more in the favor of hip hop production, purchasing his first MPC2000XL by the age of 18. Fellow Chicago producer Boogz heard his material and, taken by Ewing's unique sense of sample selection, began working with him, as well as introducing him to the circle of chi-town producers Ewing would later become a part of. Including No I.D., Kanye West, Brian "Allday" Miller, & few others. Prolyfic recalls: "I started working on my craft and getting better and better and there was this cat named Boogz, who I hooked up with at the time. We used to always hang out at the Point over on 55th and Lake Shore – that was Hip Hop land... Boogz looked at me as a smaller version of himself... He saw that I had a good ear for samples, but he knew I needed help on certain things. He showed me how to chop the samples up... The way Dion "(No I.D.)" and Kanye do it. He showed me that style of chopping. He introduced me to people like Icedrake, Kanye West, No I.D. and Dug Infinite. So Boogz is really the person who is responsible for bringing me into the circle."
Career.
In 2000, Prolyfic inked his first deal with local production company "Infared Music Group", alongside fellow producer Boogz, and other hip hop acts such as Yung Berg, & L.e.p.. His first production placement was on Dame Dash Presents: Paid In Full/Dream Team Soundtrack with Oschino & Sparks on the song entitled "On and Poppin". After a brief stint at Infared, Prolyfic then became an in-house producer for Lupe Fiasco's 1st & 15th production company, but left shortly after the release of Fiasco's Grammy Award Winning debut album, "Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor".
Citing "No I.D." as his mentor, teacher, & friend, Prolyfic learns by watching and studying under the legendary Chicago producer's wing. He is currently Executive producing the EP release by Atlanta based recording artist "Scotty" entitled "The Jiffy Cornbread Experience" slated to be released mid-2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20884934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884934" title="Mokau Falls">
Mokau Falls

Mokau Falls is a cascade located at the head of Mokau Inlet in New Zealand's Lake Waikaremoana.

</doc>
<doc id="20884942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884942" title="Women &amp; Songs 3">
Women &amp; Songs 3

"Women & Songs 3" is the third album in the "Women & Songs" franchise.
Overview.
The album was released on November 30, 1999 featuring 18 tracks from music's best women artists. The album peaked at #4 on the Top Canadian Album charts.
The first of many upcoming bonus releases was also released the same day. "" also debuted with "Women & Songs 3".

</doc>
<doc id="20884957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884957" title="The Promised Land (album)">
The Promised Land (album)

The Promiseland is a 1986 album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20884959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884959" title="Ronnie Båthman">
Ronnie Båthman

Ronnie Bathman (born April 24, 1959, in Koping, Sweden), is a former professional tennis player from Sweden. He enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 3 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 4 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 38 in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20884973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884973" title="1999 College Football All-America Team">
1999 College Football All-America Team

The 1999 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following All-American Teams: Associated Press, Football Writers Association of America, American Football Coaches Association, Walter Camp Foundation, "The Sporting News", "Pro Football Weekly", "Football News", and CNNSI.com.
The College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original usage of the term All-America seems to have been to such a list selected by football pioneer Walter Camp in the 1890s. The NCAA officially recognizes All-Americans selected by the AP, AFCA, FWAA, TSN, FN, and the WCFF to determine Consensus All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20884979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884979" title="1998 ABC Champions Cup">
1998 ABC Champions Cup

The ABC Champions Cup 1998 was the 9th staging of the ABC Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of Asian Basketball Confederation. The tournament was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between April 25, 1998 and May 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20884982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884982" title="Takeda Lullaby">
Takeda Lullaby

Takeda Lullaby ( or Takeda no komoriuta) is a popular Japanese cradle song. It originated in Takeda, Fushimi, Kyoto.
General.
This song has long been sung among the people in the "burakumin" areas of Kyoto and Osaka in a slightly different form for a long time. During the 1960s, it was picked up as a theme song by the Buraku Liberation League, particularly its branch at Takeda. 
In 1969, the folk song singing group Akai Tori made this song popular, and their single record, recorded in 1971, became a million seller in three years. The song has also an additional history that NHK and other major Japanese broadcasting networks refrained from broadcasting it because it is related to the burakumin activities, but this ban was stopped during the 1990s.
Lyrics.
Japanese.
<poem>
</poem>
Romanized Japanese.
<poem>
Mori mo iyagaru, Bon kara saki-nya
Yuki mo chiratsuku-shi, Ko mo naku-shi
Bon ga kita-tote, Nani ureshi-karo
Katabira wa nashi, Obi wa nashi
Kono ko you naku, Mori wo ba ijiru
Mori mo ichi-nichi, Yaseru-yara
Hayo-mo yuki-taya, Kono zaisho koete
Mukou ni mieru wa, Oya no uchi
Mukou ni mieru wa, Oya no uchi
</poem>
English translation.
<poem>
I would hate baby-sitting beyond Bon Festival,
The snow begins to fall, and the baby cries. 
How can I be happy even when Bon Festival is here?
I don't have nice clothes or a sash to wear.
This child continues to cry and is mean to me.
I get thinner because the baby cries all day.
I would quickly quit here and go back
To my parents' home over there,
To my parents' home over there.
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="20884987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20884987" title="Tarbisu">
Tarbisu

Tarbisu (modern Sherif Khan, Ninawa Governorate, Iraq) was an ancient city about 3 miles north of Nineveh.
History.
Tarabisu was a minor town until the control of the Assyrian Empire was moved to
nearby Nineveh by Sennacherib. Two palaces were built there, one by Esarhaddon
for his son and crown prince, Ashurbanipal. Two temples were found at the site,
one being the temple of Nergal, constructed by Sennacherib, and
added to by Ashurbanipal. One of the gates in the northwest wall of Nineveh was named for Nergal and the road from that gate to Tarbisu was paved completely in stone by Sennacherib.
Tarbisu was captured by the Medes, led by Cyaxares in the 12th year of Nabopolassar, king of Babylon
and faded along with the Assyrian Empire.
Archaeology.
Tarbisu was excavated by Austen Henry Layard, and then Sir Henry Rawlinson
under the auspices of the British Museum in the mid-19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20885003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885003" title="Kenya Civil Aviation Authority">
Kenya Civil Aviation Authority

Kenya Civil Aviation Authority "(KCAA)" is a state corporation of Kenya that is responsible for regulating the aviation industry in Kenya and for providing air navigation services in the Kenya flight region.
The KCAA offers training in the aviation professions through its affiliated East African School of Aviation.
The agency maintains its headquarters in the KAA Complex on the property of Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Embakasi, Nairobi.
History.
The Civil Aviation (Amendment) Act, 2002 established the KCAA in 2002. The functions of the KCAA were previously performed by two departments of the Ministry of Transport: the Civil Aviation Board (CAB) and the Directorate of Civil Aviation (DCA).

</doc>
<doc id="20885014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885014" title="20th Century Blues (Robin Trower album)">
20th Century Blues (Robin Trower album)

20th Century Blues is the fifteenth studio album by Robin Trower.
Track listing.
All songs written by Robin Trower, except "Reconsider Baby".
Album cover.
This was the sixth album cover created by Paul Olsen. When asked to create a cover for the album, Paul presented transparencies of a batch of paintings, intending for the photos to be a starting point. However, Robin picked a specific one that he wanted. Afterwards, Paul researched the original design, and discovered he had actually created the basic design in 1974, yet had not painted it until 1990. Ironically, it was originally an alternative he had done for the Long Misty Days cover, but had never shown to Robin because he preferred the autumn leaf design. Therefore, Robin had unknowingly selected a design that was meant for him almost twenty years earlier.
References.
Source – Album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20885015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885015" title="1977 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1977 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1977 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1977 college football season. The Irish, coached by Dan Devine, ended the season with 11 wins and one loss, winning the national championship. The Fighting Irish won the title by defeating the previously unbeaten and No. 1 ranked Texas Longhorns in the Cotton Bowl Classic in Dallas, Texas by a score of a 38-10. The 1977 squad became the tenth Irish team to win the national title, led by the quarterback play of junior Joe Montana and defensive play of '76 Outland Trophy winner Ross Browner.
Season.
Dan Devine entered his third year as head coach, coming off of a 9-3 season and 20-9 Gator Bowl win over Penn State the previous year. Devine returned a highly touted defense, featuring 1976 Outland Trophy winner Ross Browner, defensive end Willie Fry, and a linebacking corps featuring All-American Bob Golic. On offense, quarterback Joe Montana earned the starting job and led an offense that included running backs Jerome Heavens and Vagas Ferguson and All-America tight end Ken MacAfee. Montana, who would earn a reputation as "the comeback kid", had two come from behind victories in the 4th quarter against Purdue and Clemson, down 17 and 10 respectively. After a surprising loss to unranked Ole Miss, patience among the fans was running thin, who considered Devine’s previous 8-3 and 9-3 seasons as lackluster compared to what they were accustomed to with coach Ara Parseghian. The Irish rebounded to win their remaining games, including a 49-19 rout of Southern Cal in the now famous "Green Jersey Game." The Irish earned a Cotton Bowl Classic berth, where they defeated No. 1 and unbeaten Texas by 38-10 to capture Notre Dame's tenth national title. The Irish leaped four spots in the polls after the Cotton Bowl Classic victory to claim the consensus title.
Game notes.
USC.
Notre Dame wore green jerseys for the first time since their 1963 game against Syracuse.
Navy.
Notre Dame wore green jerseys for the second straight week.
Post-season.
Award winners.
Heisman Voting
All-Americans
College Football Hall of Fame Inductees

</doc>
<doc id="20885039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885039" title="History of combinatorics">
History of combinatorics

The history of combinatorics is an area of study within the history of mathematics, dedicated to the history of combinatorics and its variations, from antiquity to modern times.
Earliest records.
The earliest known connection to combinatorics comes from the Rhind papyrus, problem 79, for the implementation of a geometric series. 
A Jain text, the Bhagabati Sutra, had the first mention of a combinatorics problem; it asked how many ways one could take six tastes one, two, or three tastes at a time. The Bhagabati Sutra was written around 300 BC, and was the first book to mention the choose function. The next ideas of Combinatorics came from Pingala, who was interested in prosody. Specifically, he wanted to know how many ways a six-syllable meter could be made from short and long notes. He wrote this problem in the Chanda sutra (also Chandahsutra) in the second century BC. In addition, he also found the number of meters that had n long notes and k short notes, which is equivalent to finding the binomial coefficients. 
The ideas of the Bhagabati were generalised by the Indian mathematician Mahavira in 850 AD, and Pingala's work on prosody was expanded by Bhaskara and Hemacandra in 1100 AD. Bhaskara was the first known person to find the generalised choice function, although Brahmagupta may have known earlier. Hemacandra asked how many meters existed of a certain length if a long note was considered to be twice as long as a short note, which is equivalent to finding the Fibonacci numbers. 
The ancient Chinese book of divination, I Ching is about what different hexagrams mean, and to do this one needs to know how many possible hexagrams there were. Since each hexagram is a permutation with repetitions of six lines, where each line can be one of two states, solid or dashed, combinatorics yields the result that there are 2 6 = 64 hexagrams. A monk also may have counted the number of configurations to a game similar to Go around 700 AD. Although China had relatively few advancements in enumerative combinatorics, they solved a combinatorial design problem, the magic square, around 100 AD. 
In Greece, Plutarch wrote that the Xenocrates discovered the number of different syllables possible in the Greek language. This, however, is unlikely because this is one of the few mentions of Combinatorics in Greece. The number they found, 1.002 × 10 12 also seems too round to be more than a guess.
Magic squares remained an interest of China, and they began to generalise their original 3×3 square between 900 and 1300 AD. China corresponded with the Middle East about this problem in the 13th century. The Middle East also learned about binomial coefficients from Indian work, and found the connection to polynomial expansion.
Abū Bakr ibn Muḥammad ibn al Ḥusayn Al-Karaji (c.953-1029) wrote on the binomial theorem and Pascal's triangle. In a now lost work known only from subsequent quotation by al-Samaw'al Al-Karaji introduced the idea of argument by mathematical induction. (See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al-Karaji)
The philosopher and astronomer Rabbi Abraham ibn Ezra (c. 1140) counted the permutations with repetitions in vocalization of Divine Name. He also established the symmetry of binomial coefficients, while a closed formula was obtained later by the talmudist and mathematician Levi ben Gerson (better known as Gersonides), in 1321.
The arithmetical triangle— a graphical diagram showing relationships among the binomial coefficients— was presented by mathematicians in treatises dating as far back as the 10th century, and would eventually become known as Pascal's triangle. Later, in Medieval England, campanology provided examples of what is now known as Hamiltonian cycles in certain Cayley graphs on permutations.
Combinatorics in the West.
Combinatorics came to Europe in the 13th century through two mathematicians, Leonardo Fibonacci and Jordanus de Nemore. Fibonacci's Liber Abaci introduced many of the Arabian and Indian ideas to Europe, including that of the Fibonacci numbers. Jordanus was the first person to arrange the binomial coefficients in a triangle, as he did in proposition 70 of "De Arithmetica". This was also done in the Middle East in 1265, and China around 1300. Today, this triangle is known as Pascal's triangle.
Pascal's contribution to the triangle that bears his name comes from his work on formal proofs about it, in addition to his connection between it and probability. Together with Leibniz and his ideas about partitions in the 17th century, they are considered the founders of modern combinatorics.
Both Pascal and Leibniz understood that algebra and combinatorics corresponded (aka, binomial expansion was equivalent to the choice function). This was expanded by De Moivre, who found the expansion of a multinomial. De Moivre also found the formula for derangements using the principle of inclusion-exclusion, a method different from Nikolaus Bernoulli, who had found them previously. He managed to approximate the binomial coefficients and factorial. Finally, he found a closed form for the Fibonacci numbers by inventing generating functions.
In the 18th century, Euler worked on problems of combinatorics. In addition to working on several problems of probability which link to combinatorics, he worked on the knights tour, Graeco-Latin square, Eulerian numbers, and others. He also invented graph theory by solving the Seven Bridges of Königsberg problem, which also led to the formation of topology. Finally, he broke ground with partitions by the use of generating functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20885041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885041" title="Münchenstein Castle">
Münchenstein Castle

Münchenstein Castle () is a landmark above the village centre of Münchenstein, in the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland. The ruins of the castle (Schloss) can still be visited and viewed, but are under private ownership.
Location.
The ruins of Münchenstein Castle are situated on a long, but narrow rock. There are only slender remains of the walls to be seen, these are directly above the centre of the village. The ruins of the castle (Schloss) can still be visited and viewed, but are under private ownership.
History.
Up until the foundation and the erection of the Castle (Schloss), the small residential colony only had a few houses and was named Geckingen. The first historical records in written form was in 1196 and the colony was named as Kekingen.
Around the year 1260, the up-rising cavalier family Münch acquired the village on the hills adjacent to the river Birs and established their estate there. The exact dates of the castle erection remains unclear, but most likely building began in the time between 1260 and 1270.
The founders of the castle on the rock (Stein) were the father and son Hugo II Münch and Hugo III Münch. Then, under Hugo Münch IV, the castle was expanded and extended and a ring wall was built around the village during the following 60 years. The cavalier Münch named themselves henceforth Münch von Münchenstein. After 1279 the village Geckingen was called Münchenstein. The Münchs were not able to keep the village and castle for long as their own property. During 1280 they had to hand over the ownership to the Graf von Pfirt, who then lent it to the Münchs in fief. 
In March 1324, after the death of the last Graf on Pfirt, Ulrich III, the castle and the village of Münchenstein was inherited by the Herzog of Austria, as heiress Johanna von Pfirt (Jeanne de Ferrette) (1300-1351) was married to Herzog Albrecht II von Habsburg (1298-1358).
In the year 1334, the castle was completed and was at its largest. A few years later, the castle was damaged by the Basel earthquake on 18 October 1356, but it was soon restored to its original condition. At this time Konrad VIII (1324-1378), son of Hartmann I Münch von Münchenstein resided in Münchenstein castle. Konrad VIII (called "Hape") married Katharina, the hereditary daughter from Löwenburg, in 1340. Katharina Münch von Münchenstein-Löwenberg died in 1371 and Konrad VIII inherited governance of Muttenz and the three fortresses in the district Wartenburg. 
During the "Old Zürich War" (Alemannic German: Alte Zürichrieg), just before the Battle of St. Jakob an der Birs in 26 August 1444, the Solothurner conquered the castle on 17 June 1444 and they kept it occupied. Not until the year 1469 did the Münchs get their estate back. During 1470, Konrad Münch von Münchenstein had to sell the deeds to the city of Basel, but because he was the city reeve, he was allowed to live there in fief.
During the first half of the 15th century, the dynasty of the Münchs began to crumble, and because of the high fiefdom costs, they had to sell the estate to the city. The village and castle were reigned for 283 years by the city of Basel. This reign ended, however, after the French revolution and village and castle were sold to the municipality Münchenstein, who themselves sold (passed on) the properties to the villagers. The castle was also sold and used as a stone quarry to build new houses.

</doc>
<doc id="20885048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885048" title="Island in the Sea">
Island in the Sea

Island in the Sea is a 1987 album by country singer Willie Nelson. Its title track was a minor hit. The album also includes the song "Nobody There But Me", featuring Bruce Hornsby and the Range, released as the second single.

</doc>
<doc id="20885057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885057" title="Patrick Leonard (Irish politician)">
Patrick Leonard (Irish politician)

Patrick Leonard was an Irish politician, businessman and landowner. He owned three farms near Dublin and was involved in moving cattle between the west of Ireland and Dublin. In 1915 he was elected President of the Dublin Chamber of Commerce. Leonard was an early pioneer of the car in Ireland. He suffered a serious accident in 1910 when he was injured by an explosion in an acetylene torch which he was using at his home. He was also injured in another accident at home while using explosives to remove a tree trunk in the grounds of his house. During the Easter Rising of 1916, Leonard, travelling with his son Mark, was told to stop at a road-block by rebels. He refused to do so and was shot at, leading to his son's arm being injured.
After independence, Leonard was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North constituency at the Dublin North by-election on 11 March 1925 caused by the resignation of Francis Cahill of Cumann na nGaedheal. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election but was re-elected at the September 1927 general election. He lost his seat again at the 1932 general election.
He married Emily, the daughter of Simon Mangan of Dunboyne Castle. They had nine children, the eldest of whom died in infancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20885061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885061" title="Tees Valley Metro">
Tees Valley Metro

The Tees Valley Metro is a project to upgrade the Tees Valley Line and sections of the Esk Valley Line and Durham Coast Line to provide a faster and more frequent service. In the initial phases the services will be heavy rail mostly along existing alignments. The later phase may introduce tram-trains to allow street running. The project is backed by all the local authorities through which the system would run, with the authorities being Darlington, Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Redcar & Cleveland and Stockton-On-Tees. Support has also been forthcoming from the Department for Transport.
Route.
The expected initial routes will use sections of the Tees Valley, Esk Valley and Durham Coast Lines. There are no current plans as to the interoperability of the continuing services and the new metro services. This will be considered at the next stage of the process. Several new stations will be built along the routes in two stages. After stage two additional routes using street running may be considered.
Detailed plans.
The project is planned to be delivered in two phases, with the first phase split into stages.
Phase 1.
Initial work could be complete by December 2012 and include:
These improvements are estimated to cost £30 – 40 million.
The second stage of Phase 1 is due to be completed in December 2014, after the renewal of the current Northern Rail franchise.
The cost of these improvements is estimated at £50 – 60 million.
Phase 2.
This phase includes improvements to the Esk Valley Line between Nunthorpe and Middlesbrough, and on the Durham Coast Line between Middlesbrough and Hartlepool; new stations at Morton Palms, Middlehaven, The Ings and Nunthorpe Parkway are proposed, and a further reduction in journey times between Darlington and Stockton.
Current status.
The project received approval from the Interim Regional Transport Board in September 2008, allowing more detailed plans and a public consultation to go ahead. If approved and funded, construction of the first phase may commence in 2010 and should be completed by the end of 2013. Phase one would cost around £80 million and Network Rail has already committed £40 million for signalling improvements. The second phase would cost a further £140 million and would be in place by 2018.
On 23 July 2009 the project received in-principle funding from the Department for Transport via the Regional Funding Allocation process. Each of the individual components is being treated as an individual project, eligible for fast track funding. Funding is expected for the two new platforms at Darlington, the reopening of platform 3 at Middlesbrough, the relocation of Teesside Airport station to within 350 m of the terminal building, improvements at Eaglescliffe, Thornaby and Hartlepool, including new lifts and footbridges, and the new station at James Cook University Hospital. Reports mentioned a possible new station between Middlesbrough and Redcar Central, proposed as a new station for Wilton International,

</doc>
<doc id="20885071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885071" title="Canada women's national under-18 ice hockey team">
Canada women's national under-18 ice hockey team

The Canadian women's national under 18 ice hockey team is the national under-18 ice hockey team in Canada. The team represents Canada at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's U18 Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20885092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885092" title="Jasgam">
Jasgam

The Jasgam, is a tribe in Pothohar region of Punjab, Pakistan. They originated from the Dhund Abbasi having migrated into the potohar region from the Murree area. They are descendants of the Abassid General Zarab Khan, head of the military forces in Khurasan before the collapse of the Caliphate. They lived in Kahuta near Rawalpindi, where he is buried and his grave is marked.
Locality.
This tribe is found near Panjar in the Kahuta, Rawalpindi Mandrah Soura Khtril Gujar Khan and Qazian in Gujar Khan.
Headmen.
A family which was rewarded for its services in 1857 in Salitta is head of the clan.
History and particulars.
The Jasgams, like the Dhund Abbasis claim lineage to the Abbasid dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="20885116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885116" title="Czech Republic women's national under-18 ice hockey team">
Czech Republic women's national under-18 ice hockey team

The Czech Women's National Under-18 Ice Hockey Team is the national under-18 ice hockey team in Czech Republic. The team represents Czech Republic at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's U18 Championships.
World Women's U18 Championship record.
"*Includes one loss in extra time (in the playoff round)"
2010–2011 National U18 Women's Team.
HC SLAVIA PRAHA — Adéla Kubátová, Michaela Nováková, Aneta Tejralová,Denisa Křížová, Martina Vonková 
HC LITVÍNOV — Štěpánka Eibinová, Klára Chmelová 
HC KARVINÁ — Markéta Výtisková,Kateřina Kaplanová,Klára Hudečková 
HC BEROUN — Kateřina Solničková 
NATIONAL SPORTS ACADEMY (USA) — Lenka Craigová 
BANFF HOCKEY ACADEMY (CAN)— Jana Fialová 
HC TESLA PARDUBICE — Veronika Jirsová, Kateřina Vaňoučková 
HC KLADNO — Veronika Kuželová 
HC PLZEŇ 1929 — Adriena Pecinová 
HC BULLDOGS BRNO — Sára Sadílková 
HC VSETÍN — Karolína Kovářová 
Alternate Players
HC SKUTEČ — Barbora Janoušková 
HC CHEROKEES BRNO — Adéla Marešová 
HC KARVINÁ — Barbora Dvořáková 
HC BULLDOGS BRNO — Petra Procházková, Klára Mazánková 
HC PLZEŇ — Karolína Šimůnková 

</doc>
<doc id="20885117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885117" title="List of people on stamps of the Solomon Islands">
List of people on stamps of the Solomon Islands

This is a list of people on stamps of the Solomon Islands.
The year given is the year of issue of the first stamp depicting that person.
Data has been entered up to the end of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20885118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885118" title="Jodhra">
Jodhra

The Jodhra are a Muslim Rajput tribe found in the Punjab province of Pakistan. They are closely related to the Gheba tribe who also inhabit the same areas and are probably descended from a common ancestor. 
Locations.
The Jodhras inhabit the south-eastern portion of the Pindi Gheb Tehsil and the valley of the Sohan River extending, on the south, to the border of Talagang of Chakwal District.
Villages.
There are number of villages owned by the Jodhra tribe, found in Haripur Hazara, Fateh Jang Tehsil and Pindi Gheb Tehsil of Attock District. The main ones are Baldher village of Haripur,Pindi Gheb, Khunda, Ahmadal, Ikhlas,Noushehra, Parri, Dandi,Gharibwal,Ganda Kas, Kamrial,Sidrihaal, Kharauba, Kamalpur Sher Jang, Kanat, Mirwal and Saura.

</doc>
<doc id="20885139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885139" title="A Horse Called Music">
A Horse Called Music

A Horse Called Music is a 1989 album by country singer Willie Nelson. The album includes Nelson's last number 1 single, "Nothing I Can Do About It Now", and the single "There You Are".

</doc>
<doc id="20885142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885142" title="Dhudhi">
Dhudhi

The Dhudi are a tribe of Panhwar, Panwar, Parmar Rajput origin, found in the Punjab province of Pakistan. According to the 1931 census of India they had a population of 5,800.

</doc>
<doc id="20885147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885147" title="National Roads Company of Israel">
National Roads Company of Israel

Netivei Israel (, "lit." Routes of Israel), formerly the National Roads Company of Israel (, ), also called National Roads Authority, is a government-owned corporation, in charge of planning, construction and maintenance of most road infrastructure in Israel, including roads, bridges and interchanges.
The National Road Company is the successor of the Public Works Department (PWD) of the Ministry of Transportation (PWD in , ), which was founded in 1921. On September 15, 2003 it was decided to reorganize Ma'atz and reconstitute it as a new government-owned corporation that would start operation on January 1, 2004. Since becoming the National Roads Company, the company usually no longer directly constructs new roads but rather plans then issues tenders for and manages new roads' construction by companies in the private sector. Beginning in 2010, the company has also been tasked with planning, issuing tenders for, and managing the construction of new railway lines for Israel Railways.
6500 kilometers of roads fall under the company's responsibility. These constitute most of the inter-city roads in Israel. Other companies responsible for inter-city roads are Yefe Nof in Haifa, Netivei Ayalon in Gush Dan and Moriah in Jerusalem, as well as Derekh Eretz which is responsible for the Cross-Israel Highway and Netivei Yovel responsible for Highway 431. The budget of the company for 2008 was 2.805 billion shekels, 800 million of which were dedicated to road maintenance. The budget is expected to rise to 3.88 billion in 2009.
The National Road Company still uses a logo with the three letters mem-ayin-tsade on it, which spell out "Ma'atz" and is still often widely referred to by that acronym, even though it is no longer officially named the "Public Works Department".

</doc>
<doc id="20885148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885148" title="What a Wonderful World (Willie Nelson album)">
What a Wonderful World (Willie Nelson album)

What a Wonderful World is an album by country singer Willie Nelson released in March 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20885155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885155" title="2008–09 Four Hills Tournament">
2008–09 Four Hills Tournament

The 2008–09 Four Hills Tournament was held at the four traditional venues of Oberstdorf, Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Innsbruck and Bischofshofen, located in Germany and Austria.
The tournament was won by Austria's Wolfgang Loitzl, who previously had not won a single World Cup event in his career. Loitzl won the last three competitions at Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Innsbruck and Bischofshofen to claim the overall victory, and became the first Austrian to win the Four Hills since Andreas Widhölzl in 1999–2000. The opening event at Oberstdorf was won by Switzerland' s Simon Ammann, who was the overall World Cup leader at the time of the competition. Ammann also finished second overall in the Four Hills. Austria's Gregor Schlierenzauer finished third overall, while Martin Schmitt of Germany and Dimitry Vassiliev of Russia rounded out the top five.
Oberstdorf.
29 December 2008
Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
1 January 2009
Innsbruck.
4 January 2009
Bischofshofen.
6 January 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20885177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885177" title="Sonbai Besar">
Sonbai Besar

Sonbai Besar or "Greater Sonbai" was an extensive princedom of West Timor, in present-day Indonesia, which existed from 1658 to 1906 and played an important role in the history of Timor.
Origins of the polity.
The origins of the princedom are intimately connected with the struggle between the Dutch and the Portuguese for mastery of the island. The united Sonbai (Sonba'i, Sonnebay) realm, the traditionally most prestigious polity among the Atoni people of West Timor, allied with the Portuguese in 1649-1655, and then with the Dutch East India Company (Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie or VOC) in 1655-1658. After a series of defeats at the hands of the Portuguese Eurasians or Topasses in 1657-1658, Sonbai broke up in two parts. One group migrated to Kupang where the Dutch had their base, where they formed the Sonbai Kecil princedom. Another group, Sonbai Besar, stayed in the inland of West Timor under Portuguese surveillance.
Traditional rulership.
The Sonbai Besar congregation was headed by a ruler known to the Europeans as emperor (keizer, emperador). He was also known as Atupas (he who sleeps), Neno Anan (son of heaven) and Liurai (surpassing the earth). The other Atoni rulers related themselves to him in symbolic kinship terms, which was anchored through various origin stories. In accordance with Timorese custom, the ruler was an inactive, in a symbolical sense "female" (feto) figure. At his side was a "male" (mone) executive regent of the Kono family, called Uis Kono or Ama Kono. Because of this arrangement, the princedom was often known under the name Amakono. The Uis Kono in particular governed the north-eastern part of the realm, later known as Miomaffo. The central area, Mollo, was governed by co-regents of the Oematan family, and in Fatuleu further to the west a number of lesser lords dominated, among them Takaip. Under the major lords (usif) were the amaf naek (great fathers) who headed various districts, and under them the amaf (fathers) in the various villages.
Defection from the Portuguese.
The relation between the Topasses and the Sonbai Besar princedom oscillated between cooperation and hostility, and did not entail a colonial rule in the conventional sense. The lords of the princedom delivered sandalwood to the coast where it was picked up by Portuguese and other vessels, and brought to Batavia or Macao. There were large-scale conflicts with the Topasses in 1711-1713 and 1722. In 1748 the Sonbai ruler Alfonso Salema and the Atoni kings of Amfoan and Amanuban rebelled and then fled to the Dutch in Kupang. Alfonso Salema brought with him a large part of his followers. This was a major catalyst for a full-scale confrontation between the VOC post in Kupang and the Topass leader Gaspar da Costa. In the Battle of Penfui in November 1749 the attacking Topass army was crushed by the VOC-affiliated forces of Kupang, and a large part of West Timor fell under Dutch influence.
Relations with the Dutch.
The relation between Sonbai Besar and its new Dutch suzerain turned to become conflict-ridden. Alfonso Salema was deposed and exiled by the VOC in 1752 on suspicion of treason, and in 1782 his grandson Alphonsus Adrianus established his authority in the inland independently of the Europeans. After his death in 1802 his son and successor Nai Sobe Sonbai II had great difficulties maintaining his position, and slowly had to assemble power anew under a long and troubled rule (1808-1867). There was an open state of warfare with the Dutch in Kupang in 1847-1850 and 1855-1857, without the colonial authorities being able to come to grips with the emperor. After his decease the Sonbai Besar realm began to dissolve, this time irreversibly. Miomaffo, Mollo and the lordships of Fatuleu made their own contracts with the Dutch colonial authorities. The last emperor, Nai Sobe Sonbai III (r. 1885-1906) was little more than a pretender. After an incident he was pursued and captured by a Dutch troop in early 1906. Nai Sobe Sonbai III was banished to Sumba and later died on Timor in 1922. In modern West Timor he is considered an anti-colonial hero and is honoured with a monument in central Kupang.

</doc>
<doc id="20885182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885182" title="2001 V8 Supercar season">
2001 V8 Supercar season

The 2001 V8 Supercar season was the 42nd year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
There were 22 touring car race meetings held during 2001; a thirteen round series for V8 Supercars, the 2001 Shell Championship Series (SCS), two of them endurance races; a six round second tier V8 Supercar series 2001 Konica V8 Supercar Series (KVS) along with a non-point scoring race supporting the Bathurst 1000 and V8 Supercar support programme events at the 2001 Australian Grand Prix and 2001 Honda Indy 300.
Results and standings.
Race calendar.
The 2001 Australian touring car season consisted of 22 events.
Hot Wheels V8 Supercar Showdown.
This meeting was a support event of the 2001 Australian Grand Prix.
Konica V8Supercar Challenge Race.
This race was a support event of the 2001 V8 Supercar 1000.
Cabcharge V8Supercar Challenge.
This meeting was a support event of the 2001 Honda Indy 300.
References.
Additional references can be found in linked event/series reports.

</doc>
<doc id="20885185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885185" title="Germany women's national under-18 ice hockey team">
Germany women's national under-18 ice hockey team

The German women's national under 18 ice hockey team is the national under-18 ice hockey team in Germany. The team represents Germany at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's U18 Championships.
World Women's U18 Championship record.
"*Includes one win in extra time (playoff round)"
"^Includes two losses in extra time (preliminary and relegation round)"

</doc>
<doc id="20885186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885186" title="Jatal">
Jatal

The Jatal are a tribe of Janjua Rajputs, found in Punjab province of Pakistan.
According the 1931 Census of India their male population was about 750. The Jatal are found mainly in Kahuta Tehsil of Rawalpindi District. 

</doc>
<doc id="20885196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885196" title="Valter Dešpalj">
Valter Dešpalj

Valter Dešpalj (born 1947) is cellist and a professor at the Zagreb Academy of Music.
Early years.
Dešpalj was born in Zadar, Croatia and graduated from the Juilliard School (cello with L. Rose, chamber music with F. Galimir and Juilliard Quartet). He also took master classes with P. Casals, P. Fournier and A. Navarra, and did two years of postgraduate study with G. Kozolupova at the Moscow Conservatory.
Career.
Dešpalj has performed all over the world, including performances at festivals in Gstaad, Lockenhaus, Kuhmo and Dubrovnik also in some of the most prestigious concert halls, such as Carnegie Hall, Royal Festival Hall in London, Sydney Opera House, Amsterdam′s Concertgebouw, Moscow Conservatory Hall etc. He was soloist with orchestras including Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin, Dresden Philharmonic, Warsaw Philharmonic, Rotterdam Philharmonic, Dutch Radio Orchestra, Washington National Symphony, Sydney Symphony, Melbourne Symphony and others, under baton of eminent conductors such as Roberto Benzi, Sergiu Comissiona, James Conlon, Vernon Handley, Günther Herbig, Hiroyuki Iwaki, Andrzej Markowski, David Zinman and others. Among his chamber music partners were Gidon Kremer, Yo-Yo Ma, Heinrich Schiff, Philippe Entremont, Yuri Bashmet, Tabea Zimmermann, Irena Grafenauer, Dmitry Sitkovetsky and Alexandre Rabinovitch.
Teaching.
A steady stream of international competition winners have come from Despalj's classes. Besides teaching in Zagreb, he has also been a guest professor at the conservatories in The Hague, Amsterdam, Copenhagen and Graz (University of Music), editor of cello music with major music publishers, and member of judging panels at the most prestigious international competitions including Tchaikovsky (Moscow), Bach (Leipzig) and ARD (Munich) competitions.
In 2010, Dešpalj was named by the Croatian Parliament into the distinguished committee that awards the Vladimir Nazor Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20885216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885216" title="Baghial">
Baghial

The Baghial are a Rajput tribe of Punjab, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20885217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885217" title="John Guire">
John Guire

John Guire (May 5, 1859 - February 19, 1910) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders.
Biography.
The son of Irish Immigrants, Guire was born in Colts Neck Township and attended school there until the age of eighteen. He worked in dry goods and shipbuilding before settling in Long Branch and going into the feed and grain business. 
In 1894 Guire was elected to the Board of Chosen Freeholders, representing Ocean Township. At the May 11, 1898 annual reorganization, he was chosen as Director, succeeding fellow Democrat John Henry Heyer.
Long Branch was chartered as a city in 1904, and separated from Ocean Township. In the 1904 general election, Guire was elected to a new freeholder seat, representing the Second Ward of Long Branch. On May 9, 1905, he resigned his seat representing Ocean Township; P. Hall Packer was appointed to the vacancy. The following day Guire was sworn in as the freeholder from the Second Ward of Long Branch, and was again chosen as Director.
In the 1905 general election, the voters of Monmouth County approved a referendum changing the Board of Chosen Freeholders from 24 members elected by townships and wards to five members elected at-large. The new board was to be elected in the 1906 general election.
Republicans swept all five seats, defeating a ticket comprising Director Guire and five other incumbent Democratic freeholders.
He served as a trustee of the New Jersey State Home for Boys in Monroe Township, and a member of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks, the Independent Order of Red Men, the Independent Order of Foresters, the Knights of Columbus and Catholic Benevolent Legion.
John Guire died of Bright's Disease on February 19, 1910, in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20885223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885223" title="List of Canadian Idol finalists">
List of Canadian Idol finalists

"Canadian Idol" was a Canadian interactive reality game show series. The series premiered their first season in 2003 on CTV and was on air for six seasons. Based on the American version of the show, "American Idol", it is part of the Idol series. "Canadian Idol" was the most-watched Canadian English-language television series of 2008. The show began with a tour across Canada, in which singers audition in front of four judges: Jake Gold, Sass Jordan, Zack Werner, and Farley Flex. The show was cancelled due to the slowing economy.
The show's age requirements allowed people to enter only if they were between 16 and 28 years of age. During every season, the final round of competition featured ten singers, except for season one when it had eleven finalists. 61 contestants have reached the finals of their respective "Canadian Idol" season. Out of the contestants listed, 26 of them were under the age of 20, including three winners and four runners-up. Seventeen finalists came from the province of Ontario, while British Columbia and Alberta each had nine. Alberta had the most Canadian Idol winners with three—Kalan Porter, Melissa O'Neil, and Theo Tams; Newfoundland and Labrador had the most runner-ups with two—Rex Goudie and Craig Sharpe. Prince Edward Island was the only province to never have had a finalist. There has never been a Canadian Idol finalist from a Canadian territory. Toronto, Ontario was the hometown for the most Canadian Idol finalists with five, followed by Abbotsford, British Columbia with four. Rob James, Dwight d'Eon, and Drew Wright were 28 at the time their season's final round began, making them the oldest finalists to have performed; Emily Vinette, Daryl Brunt, Craig Sharpe, and Martha Joy were 16 at the time their season's final round began, making them the youngest finalists to have been in the finals.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20885229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885229" title="Water Ramps for Freestyle Skiing and Snowboarding">
Water Ramps for Freestyle Skiing and Snowboarding

Water Ramp (snow skiing and snowboarding aerials training).
For a modern training example, watch the video at this link [http://allday.msnbc.msn.com/archive/2009/08/17/2031598.aspx]
Definition.
A water ramp is a ski jump into an over sized pool or lake for practicing ski and snowboard aerial acrobatics utilized in Freestyle Events. A water ramps is composed of an in-run, a kicker and a water surface for landing. Athletes practice new skills while "landing" on water where the impact is significantly less dangerous than landing on compacted snow.
Athletes flip and rotate from as high as 60 feet in the air above the water landing surface.
World class coaches help their students work on each aspect of a new trick into water, before being allowed to attempt it on snow.
Smaller Photo seen here ->[http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Water_ramp_8X10-1.jpg]
History.
Water ramp training for snow ski aerials became an indispensable professional training tool 
when Bob Salerno, Frank Bare, Jr., Hans Ribi and Jeff Chumas built a ramp capable of 
breaking world records in 1978. This first world class water ramp was built on a 
ski resort partially owned by Bob Salerno called Nordic Valley, now known as 
Wolf Creek Utah Ski Resort [http://www.wolfcreekutah.com/].
The first double twisting triple back flip & the first triple twisting triple back flip were performed by Frank Bare Jr. in 1979 on this water ramp. In 1983 Frank Bare went on to perform the world's first 
Quad flip [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTb0zCgybnY&feature=channel_page] on snow.
Being the only water ramp capable of pushing the sport of aerials skiing beyond its limits, athletes from all over North America trained at Nordic Valley.
The next world class water ramp was built in 1987 in Lake Placid, 7 years after the 
Olympics [http://www.olympic.org/uk/games/past/index_uk.asp?OLGT=2&OLGY=1980] that were held there in 1980.
Park City, Utah built their WATER RAMP in preparation for the 2002 Olympics [http://www.olympic.org/uk/games/past/index_uk.asp?OLGT=2&OLGY=2002.
Winter Olympics [http://www.olympic.org/en/content/Sports/All-Sports/Skiing/Freestyle-Skiing/]
Today there are water ramps run by freestyle ski and snowboard teams in Canada, Europe and Australia
Lake Placid Lake Placid Olympic Ski Jumping Complex New York USA
Olympic Park, Park City UT USA [http://www.pcfreestyle.com/index.html]
Steamboat Springs, Steamboat CO USA
Yabuli Ski Resort, Harbin, Heilongjiang, China
Shenyang, LiaoNing, China
Centre National d'entrainment acrobatique Yves LaRoche) 
Water Ramp Construction & equipment.
A water ramp is constructed by covering a structurally stable wood or steel frame with a 
stiff plastic, hair brush like surface, that skiers slide down, which is called an in-run. This ski-able surface was then, and is today, called "the green meanies" for its ability to leave a "road rash" 
on a skier/snowboarder who falls on it (much like the famous "agony of defeat" video from ABC's Wide World of Sports Introduction). The sliding surface is regularly watered down to allow skis and snowboards to slide without sticking on dry spots.
At the end of the "in-run" is the "kicker" which is a curve of the ramp upwards to provide "air time" which allows the skier/snowboarder to perform tricks in the air before landing in the water.
Pools built specifically for water ramps are larger than Olympic size to accommodate the different distances that athletes travel forward of the ramp. Water ramps are not heated and only operated during the Summer, since during the winter aerialists take their new skills onto ramps on snow.
Today water surfaces are being aerated to raise the water level with bubbles by as much as 12". This function softens landings and lowers injuries.
Skis are reinforced to lengthen their life. The impact on the water will delaminate skis even when the water is aerated and the skis are reinforced.
Dangers.
As a training tool, the water ramp can be invaluable to preventing injuries on snow, but dangerous in themselves.
Falling on the in-run is always a concern for the novice water ramper who isn't used to the compression that happens at the end of the in-run and the beginning of the kicker. [http://www.ugoto.com/video_ski-ramp-crash.html] & injuries. Awkward landings from high in the air often renders athletes unconscious. Lifeguards are a must at all water ramps.
Participants wear wet suits, dry suits, gloves, ear-covering helmets, & Life Jackets.

</doc>
<doc id="20885230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885230" title="List of people on stamps of Fiji">
List of people on stamps of Fiji

This is a list of people on stamps of Fiji.
The year given is the year of issue of the first stamp depicting that person.
Data has been entered up to the end of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20885231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885231" title="Royal Australian Army Service Corps">
Royal Australian Army Service Corps

The Royal Australian Army Service Corps (RAASC) was a corps within the Australian army. Formed shortly after the Federation of Australia on 1 January 1901, it was known as the Australian Army Service Corps (MSC). The MSC/AASC/RAASC served in World War I, World War II, as part of the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan, Korean War, Malayan Emergency and the Vietnam War. The RAASC was disbanded on 31 May 1973.
After the disbanding of the corps responsibilities for transport, air dispatch and postal functions were assigned to the newly formed Royal Australian Corps of Transport (RACT) and responsibilities for foodstuffs and Petroleum (POL) were assigned to the Royal Australian Army Ordnance Corps (RAAOC).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20885238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885238" title="Finland women's national under-18 ice hockey team">
Finland women's national under-18 ice hockey team

The Finnish women's national under 18 ice hockey team is the national under-18 ice hockey team in Finland. The team represents Finland at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's U18 Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20885242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885242" title="Dhamial">
Dhamial

Dhamial is a village of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 33°33'0N 73°1'0E with an altitude of 492 metres (1617 feet). The Area gets its name from the Dhamial tribe.After this ,there is a big and powerful tribe Rajputt Bhatti ,and headquarter house also there , named (Dhamial house 2) ,located at Gulshan-e-saeed , lane # 04 .there is a famous personality called M.Zeeshan Iqbal , he is also an Engineer , he did too much for Poor peopls as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20885246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885246" title="Piano roll blues">
Piano roll blues

The Piano Roll Blues or Old Piano Roll Blues is a figure of speech designating a legal argument (or the response to that argument) made in US patent law relating to computer software. The argument is that a newly programmed general-purpose digital computer is a “new” machine and, accordingly, properly the subject of a US patent.
This legal argument was made in Gottschalk v. Benson in Benson’s brief. The government then responded in its brief that this amounted to asserting that inserting a new piano roll into an existing player piano converted the old player piano into a new player piano. After "Benson", the Court of Customs and Patent Appeals took the position that the reasoning of "Benson" did not apply to "machine" claims, such as a claim to a conventional digital computer programmed to carry out a new algorithm or computer program. In dissenting from that judgment on the grounds that the Supreme Court in "Benson" did not limit the principle to method claims, Judge Rich spoke of "the legal doctrine that a new program makes an old general purpose digital computer into a new and different machine." "Id". at 773. He observed that the doctrine "partakes of the nature of a legal fiction when it comes to drafting claims." "Id".
The argument appeared again in the majority opinion in In re Alappat, and in his dissenting opinion in that case Chief Judge Archer discussed the figure of speech extensively, concluding:
Yet a player piano playing Chopin's scales does not become a “new machine” when it spins a roll to play Brahms' lullaby. The distinction between the piano before and after different rolls are inserted resides not in the piano's changing quality as a “machine” but only in the changing melodies being played by the one machine. The only invention by the creator of a roll that is new because of its music is the new music.
The expression apparently derives from a song popular in the 1950s—“The Old Piano Roll Blues” by Cy Coben — in the style of a Scott Joplin rag. As Judge Archer points out in his "Alappat" dissent, there is also an allusion to the decision of the Supreme Court in White-Smith v. Apollo, concerning copyright protection for piano rolls.

</doc>
<doc id="20885264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885264" title="Footer Johnson">
Footer Johnson

Richard Allan "Footer" Johnson (born February 15, 1932) is a former Major League Baseball player. He appeared in eight games for the Chicago Cubs in , five as a pinch hitter and three as a pinch runner. He did not have a hit in his five at-bats, but did score a run during one of his pinch running appearances.
In the minor leagues, Johnson was primarily an outfielder. He played in the minors from until .

</doc>
<doc id="20885266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885266" title="List of people on stamps of the Isle of Man">
List of people on stamps of the Isle of Man


</doc>
<doc id="20885267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885267" title="Sylvan (band)">
Sylvan (band)

Sylvan is a German symphonic rock band.
History.
Kay Söhl, the two keyboarders Volker Söhl and Matthias Harder, founded the band Temporal Temptation in the spring of 1990. By that summer the band had already played its first gig - the first live performance of the core founding members of the band. In a way it was also Sylvan’s birth. At this time the band played hard rock music and sang in German. Only a small part of their music was progressive rock.
In Autumn 1990, the band changed its name to Chameleon, a symbol of changeability, representing the long instrumental parts in their music. The cover artwork had a likeness to early Marillion covers and has never been issued. In summer 1991 Marko Heisig joined Chameleon as the lead singer and bassist. Between 1992 and 1994 the band had a gloomy and aggressive tonality to them and in this they were very different from the more rocky sounds of the previous years. In 1992 the first official demo tape of Chameleon was released. With Matthias Koops as lead singer, the second official demo tape was recorded. The title was 'Slaves' and its tracklist was 'Time', 'Slaves', 'Mirror of a Lifetime' and 'Childhood Dreams'.
In winter 1995 one of the band’s dreams was fulfilled: Marco Glühmann, an old friend who played many years before with Chameleon, joined the band. Within the same year the third and last official demo tape was recorded. The tracklist was 'Beren and Luthien', 'Golden Cage' and 'Outro'. All of these songs have merged into Sylvan's first studio album in one way or another.
In 1997 the last live concert took place under the name Chameleon. The band changed its name to "Sylvan". Their first cd was recorded in 1998 and the second was released in 2000. The music of the band is progressive rock with some hard rock moments, and some melodic pop-rock elements, probably lingering from earlier in their career. Other apparent influences include psychedelic rock rock, a little Pink Floyd in the spacey elements, Marillion and Genesis.
"Sylvan" had engaged several different bassists until in spring 2000, Sebastian Harnack completed the band to care for the basslines permanently – just in time to join the Encounters-tour that was finished in spring 2002. The five musicians enthralled their audience not only in Germany, but on several festivals in different European countries and even in Mexico. Another highlight was the performance of "Encounters – Das Rockballet" together with the "New Dance Project".
In October 2002, "Sylvan" released Artificial Paradise, their third album.
Compared to its predecessors "Sylvan"'s fourth album X-Rayed sounds rougher and darker. On this album, too, the songs all embrace a single subject: each tells a story about people who try to cope with an emotional encumbering situation. The release party in April 2004 was followed by an extensive tour throughout Germany and Europe (until winter 2005) with two outstanding events: the appearance at the Rites of Spring Festival in Phoenixville, USA, and the support of Marillion in Cologne.
Those highlights gave "Sylvan" important support to cope with the most stressful year in their history. Producing two albums simultaneously that couldn’t be more different entailed an enormous and almost unbearable workload. They released the first of the two albums, Posthumous Silence, in April 2006. The album subject – a father reads the diary of his apparently dead daughter and learns for the first time about her desperation – as well as the complexity of the compositions could by all means have scared potential listeners off. Instead, the music as well as the story manages to enthrall the audience instantly and to touch everybody in a unique way.
The next album is called Presets – which tries to make Sylvan's music known to a wider range of rock fans. Produced at the same time as the predecessor, Presets with its shorter and more catchy songs formed a perfect counterpart.
Shortly after finishing the work on their last two albums another major change in the band took place as founding member Kay Söhl who had been the band's guitarist for many years decided to leave the band. However at the end of 2007 Sylvan was very happy to present a new band member to the public: Jan Petersen who already had been part of the Posthumous Silence - Live Show as a guest guitarist.

</doc>
<doc id="20885276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885276" title="Regius Professor of Surgery, Glasgow">
Regius Professor of Surgery, Glasgow

The Regius Chair of Surgery at the University of Glasgow was founded in 1815 by King George III, who also established the Chairs of Chemistry and Natural History.
Notable Professors have included Joseph Lister (1860–1869), who developed antisepsis through the use of phenol in sterlising instruments and in cleaning wounds, and Sir William Macewen, a pioneer in modern brain surgery who contributed to the development of bone graft surgery, the surgical treatment of hernia and of pneumonectomy (removal of the lungs).
The current occupant is Professor William George, who was previously Professor of Surgery (1981–1999).

</doc>
<doc id="20885278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885278" title="Richard J. Rabbitt">
Richard J. Rabbitt

Richard J. Rabbitt (October 30, 1935 – December 9, 2011) was a Democratic politician from St. Louis, Missouri who was Speaker of the Missouri House of Representatives from 1973 to 1976.
Rabbitt was born in St. Louis and graduated from Christian Brothers College High School, a local Catholic school. He earned a B.S. in political science and an LL.B. from St. Louis University in Missouri and began to practice law in St. Louis. He married and had six children. 
Richard Rabbitt was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 1960 and remained a member of the House until 1976. He served as majority floor leader from 1967 through 1972, when he became Speaker of the House. He remained Speaker until he resigned in 1976 to campaign as a candidate for Missouri Lieutenant Governor which he narrowly lost to Bill Phelps.
Rabbitt's responsibilities as majority floor leader included establishing the time of meeting and order of business of the House of Representatives. As Speaker, Rabbitt presided over the house-assembly, appointed all the members of all committees, including the chairmen of the committees, assigned all bills to committees, and performed other miscellaneous duties.
In 1977, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri delivered a verdict which convicted Richard Rabbitt on eleven counts of violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1341 (1976), and four counts in violation of the Hobbs Act, 18 U.S.C. § 1951 (1976). Upon appeal in 1978, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit reversed and dismissed 11 counts, but sustained four counts. 
The four counts that were upheld were based on 2 factual charges: (1) that Rabbitt had requested indirect payment of $20,000 from an automobile dealers association in return for favorable treatment of legislation and (2) that Rabbitt had threatened to give unfavorable treatment to a bill addressing the trucking industry unless he received legal business. In his defense, with respect to the first charge, Rabbitt asserted that John Connaghan was the party that had actually received payment from the automobile dealers association and that Rabbitt had only received referrals fees from John Connaghan for cases referred to him. The court, however, decided that there was sufficient evidence to deliver a verdict finding that fees paid to Connaghan had then been paid over to Rabbitt.
After time served for the sustained counts, Rabbitt was later re-admitted to the Missouri State Bar and resumed the practice of law.
Rabbitt was of Irish descent and a member of the Ancient Order of Hibernians in St. Louis. He died of heart failure in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20885280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885280" title="Immigration to Bulgaria">
Immigration to Bulgaria

The process of Immigration of ethnic non-Bulgarians to Bulgaria can be considered after the country's liberation from Ottoman rule and the restoration of the Bulgarian state in 1878.
Following the Berlin Congress, the Russian Empire was forced to withdraw its troops from Bulgaria, but left a large number of specialists and functionaries who assisted the formation of the Bulgarian army and state institutions. These include Russian officers and generals, such as general Leonid Sobolev, Bulgaria's prime minister in 1882 - 1883, general Alexander Golovin, and functionaries like Sofia's first mayor Piotr Alabin. Almost all of them left Bulgaria after the break-up of relations with Russia in 1886. 
With the formation of the Principality of Bulgaria in 1878, foreign specialists, entrepreneurs, teachers, workers, and missionaries started arriving in Bulgaria and assisted the building of the new country after five centuries of foreign rule. They were notably from Austria-Hungary and Russia, as well as from Switzerland, Germany, Italy, France, the US and other European nations, who assisted in the modernisation of all aspects of life in the new Bulgarian state. Notable ethnic groups among them were the Czechs and Slovaks, such as Konstantin Josef Jireček, Hermann Škorpil, Karel Škorpil, Jiří Prošek, Ivan Mrkvička, Jaroslav Věšín. Among the temporary or permanent settlers there were also ethnic Jews, Germans and Austrians, Hungarians, Serbs and Montenegrins (settled in a few villages in north-eastern Bulgaria), Croats, Slovenes, Poles, Ukrainians and Rusyns, and others. Czechs, Slovaks, Rusyns and Germans of Protestant and Catholic denomination from Austria-Hungary founded or settled in villages in Northern Bulgaria, such as Voyvodovo, Vratsa Province, Martvitsa (Slovak "Mŕtvica", now Podem), Gorna Mitropolia, Brashlyanitsa. The relative freedom of religion allowed Catholic workers and missionaries and Protestant missionaries, mostly from the United States and Great Britain, to establish missions and live for shorter or longer periods in Bulgaria. 
The first larger compact group of non-Bulgarian immigrants in contemporary Bulgarian history to settle in the country were the Armenian refugees fleeing the persecutions in the Ottoman Empire. Their settlement started in the 1890-es and continued to the time of the Armenian genocide.
A large wave of Russians, Ukrainians, Georgians and other nationals of the Russian Empire settled temporarily or permanently in Bulgaria following the demise of Wrangel's army in Crimea in 1920. 
A smaller wave of new immigrants arrived to Bulgaria during the socialist regime (1944–1989), where large numbers of foreign students came to study in Bulgarian universities and many of them remained. Most of them married Bulgarian nationals and settled in the country. Also at that time, many Bulgarians married citizens of the then Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc. 
The fall of communism at the end of 1989 saw greater migration to Bulgaria, when large groups of Chinese, Arabs, Russians, Ukrainians, Turks, Vietnamese, Albanians, a number of Armenians from the Republic of Armenia, some Africans, and an increasing number of EU nationals established themselves permanently in Bulgaria. 
The country's accession to the EU on January 1, 2007, has not yet led to a significant rise in the number of immigrants, although there is a growth in the number of refugees from Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Sub-Saharan Africa, Armenia. The slow procedures of granting asylum and refugee status, the low living standard compared to EU average and the postponement of entry to the Schengen area contribute to the low number of refugees and asylum seekers. 
The recent decade saw a growth of private businesses opened by citizens of Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, China, Bosnia and Herzegovina and the countries in the Middle East, notably Syria and Lebanon. Also during the last decade, Russian, Ukrainian, EU and US citizens purchased holiday properties along the Black sea coast, as well as in the interior.
According to official data, the number of permanent foreign residents in Bulgaria as at 31.12.2008 is 66,806 and the vast majority of these come from Russia (21,309), Ukraine (5,350), the Republic of Macedonia (4,375), Turkey (3,828) and Moldova (2.203). However, this number does not include immigrants who have already obtained Bulgarian citizenship or illegal immigrants. The number of immigrants in Bulgaria is expected to grow as a result of the accession of Bulgaria in the European Union in 2007.
Since the beginning of the Syrian Civil War in 2011, the number of Syrian refugees in Bulgaria grew. Together with the Syrian refugee families, many illegal migrants, mainly males, from countries like Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Mali, Niger, Chad, Eritrea, Somalia, Afghanistan, Iran, and Iraq entered illegally Bulgaria through the Bulgarian-Turkish border. 

</doc>
<doc id="20885287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885287" title="Sweden women's national under-18 ice hockey team">
Sweden women's national under-18 ice hockey team

The Swedish women's national under 18 ice hockey team is the national under-18 ice hockey team in Sweden. The team represents Sweden at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's U18 Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20885299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885299" title="Dhamial Jats">
Dhamial Jats

The Dhamial or Dhamyal are a jats tribe in Punjab, Pakistan and Azad Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="20885304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885304" title="Dragonwyck (novel)">
Dragonwyck (novel)

Dragonwyck is a novel, written by the American author Anya Seton which was first published in 1944.
It is a fictional story of the life of Miranda Wells and her marriage to Nicholas Van Ryn, set against an historical background of the Patroon system, Anti-Rent Wars, the Astor Place Riots, and steamboat racing on the Hudson River.
The book focuses on Miranda Wells: her longing for her rich cousin Nicholas Van Ryn; her eventual marriage to him; and ultimately her discovery of her husband's dark and twisted actions.
The novel was subsequently adapted into a film called "Dragonwyck", directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and starring Gene Tierney, Walter Huston and Vincent Price.
Plot summary.
The story begins in May 1844 with Miranda Wells, daughter of a humble farmer in Greenwich, Connecticut. Miranda's mother receives a letter from Nicholas Van Ryn, a rich relative and Patroon of a large manor called Dragonwyck near Hudson, New York. In the letter Van Ryn invites one of the Wells girls to Dragonwyck, to act as company for his daughter Katrine. After initial doubts, Miranda's parents allow her to go to Dragonwyck, and Miranda is instantly attracted and intrigued by her rich and mysterious relative, Nicholas.
However not everyone welcomes Miranda to Dragonwyck. Nicholas' corpulent and lazy wife Johanna sees Miranda as a threat, and tries to keep her from her husband Nicholas. Soon Miranda encounters Doctor Jeff Turner, a skilled physician, but a passionate anti-renter who believes that rich Patroons like the Van Ryns should give up their large estates. The pair initially dislike each other, and because of his views, Miranda is baffled when Nicholas asks Dr Turner to attend to his wife, who has a cold. However while Dr Turner is at Dragonwyck, Johanna becomes violently ill and dies. As Dr Turner leaves wondering what caused such a sudden death, Nicholas asks Miranda to marry him, and she accepts.
However married life to Nicholas Van Ryn is far from what Miranda imagined. As the story moves on Nicholas's true mental state, and his thirst for power become evident. After their only child dies, the relationship between Miranda and her husband withers, and the bonds between Miranda and Dr Turner strengthen. Miranda and Dr Turner eventually discover that Nicholas poisoned his first wife Johanna with oleander. They confront him, and try to escape, but Nicholas catches up with Miranda on a steamboat travelling down the Hudson River. The steamboat gets caught up in a race, catches fire, and crashes. Miranda is saved by her husband Nicholas, but he dies trying to save other passengers from the steamboat. After the ordeal Miranda and Dr Turner marry, leaving the Hudson Valley area forever, for a new life in California.

</doc>
<doc id="20885307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885307" title="Old Piano Roll Blues">
Old Piano Roll Blues

The Old Piano Roll Blues either refers to 

</doc>
<doc id="20885325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885325" title="EoU">
EoU

EoU can be an acronym for:

</doc>
<doc id="20885327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885327" title="List of people on stamps of Saint Kitts">
List of people on stamps of Saint Kitts

This is a list of people on stamps of St. Kitts. It includes those of Saint Christopher, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Kitts-Nevis and Anguilla.

</doc>
<doc id="20885334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885334" title="Guðmundur Kjærnested">
Guðmundur Kjærnested

Cdr. Guðmundur Kjærnested was born Guðmundur Hjaltason Halldórsson Kjærnested in Hafnarfjörður, Iceland on 29 June 1923. Cdr. Kjærnested was a commander in the Icelandic Coast Guard and took part in all three Anglo-Icelandic Cod Wars; he is most famous for being the commander of ICGV Týr and for his achievements while protecting disputed changes to Icelandic territorial waters from the Royal Navy and British trawlers during the Cod Wars. Guðmundur died on 2 September 2005. He is regarded as a national hero and a true patriot in Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="20885339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885339" title="Vancouver Film Critics Circle Award for Best Canadian Film">
Vancouver Film Critics Circle Award for Best Canadian Film

The winners of the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Award for Best Canadian Film are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="20885340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885340" title="List of people on stamps of Samoa">
List of people on stamps of Samoa

This is a list of people on stamps of Samoa.
The year given is the year of issue of the first stamp depicting that person.
Data has been entered up to the end of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20885357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885357" title="Japan women's national under-18 ice hockey team">
Japan women's national under-18 ice hockey team

The Japanese women's national under 18 ice hockey team is the national under-18 ice hockey team in Japan. The team represents Japan at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's U18 Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="20885360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885360" title="Oddusuddan offensive (1999)">
Oddusuddan offensive (1999)

The Oddusuddan offensive was a military operation in which the Tamil Tigers captured Oddusuddan from the Sri Lankan Army. The Tamil Tigers are believed to have captured large amounts of weapons & ammunitions as well as armoured vehicles in this operation. The offensive was part of Operation Unceasing Waves III.

</doc>
<doc id="20885362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885362" title="Manuel de Montiano">
Manuel de Montiano

Manuel de Montiano y Luyando (January 6, 1685 – January 7, 1762) was a Spanish General and colonial administrator who served as Royal Governor of La Florida and Royal Governor of Panama. He defended Florida from an attack by British forces in 1740 and launched his own unsuccessful Invasion of Georgia during the War of Jenkins' Ear
Early life.
Montiano was born in the city of Bilbao, in the Basque Country in northern Spain. He was the older brother of Agustín de Montiano, a dramatist and noted historian who founded the Real Academia de la Historia in 1735 and became its first director.
While still a young man, Montiano joined the Royal Spanish Army, and served for three years in the Aragon Regiment. From there he was transferred to Darién in Panama. By 1719, he was a captain of grenadiers and was sent to Oran, in what is now Algeria, where he fought in the defence of the city against the Arabs.
Governor of Florida.
On April 29, 1737, Montiano was named Governor of La Florida. Shortly after his taking possession he wrote to the Governor of Cuba notifying him of a forthcoming British invasion, and requesting supplies to ward off the danger. On March 15, 1738, Governor Montiano established Fort Gracia Real de Santa Teresa de Mose, a fortified town for escaped African slaves from the Carolina Colony to whom Montiano granted citizenship and freedom in return for their serving in the militia, and which became the first free black settlement legally sanctioned in North America and a haven for escaped slaves from all the British colonies to the north. Here the freedmen would cultivate the ground and learn the Catholic religion.
War of Jenkins' Ear.
Tensions between Great Britain and Spain had been on the rise for years, and on October 30, 1739 Great Britain declared war on Spain. The War of Jenkins' Ear was fought as part of a larger conflict, the War of Austrian Succession. The name comes from an incident involving one Robert Jenkins’ ear. Jenkins was the captain of the brig "Rebecca" in 1731. By the Treaty of Seville, Britain was barred from trading with Spain's colonies in the new world. However, smugglers could make a nice profit if they managed to avoid the Spanish coast guard. Jenkins wasn't a good enough captain to avoid them, so his ship was boarded by the Spanish coast guard "La Isabela" and he was punished by having his ear cut off.
This war gave English Georgia, under the command of British General James Oglethorpe, an excuse to move against Spanish Florida in 1740. Spain and England had been disputing about land ownership in the area in and around Georgia for some time when Oglethorpe brought the first colonists to Savannah, where neither country had a settlement.
British siege.
As part of the war, Oglethorpe set out from the newly created colony of Georgia and invaded Spanish-held land. After capturing the Spanish outposts of Fort San Diego, Fort Pupo, Fort Picolata and Fort Mose, he marched his troops toward St. Augustine. On June 13, 1740, Oglethorpe began the siege of St. Augustine by blockading the city including the Matanzas Inlet, and the Castillo de San Marcos. Governor Montiano in the meantime had prepared well the defenses of the Castillo and the Spanish colony, by having all the inhabitants of the city take refuge inside the castle, while he held the British at bay.
Oglethorpe landed his troops on Anastasia Island across the inlet, where he placed troops and cannon batteries to fire on the city and the Castillo. He hoped that a sustained bombardment and blockade of St. Augustine would cause Montiano to surrender the city and fortress to the British. When asked for surrender, Montiano answered: ""I will have the pleasure to meet you inside the castle..."". The English guns fired on the Castillo, but were unable to breech the walls which were at the farthest extent of the British cannon range.
However, a small Spanish vessel managed to get through the blockade by evading the lone British ship guarding the Matanzas Inlet to the south of Anastasia Island and set sail for Havana, Cuba. On July 7, the courier which had been sent to Cuba returned to St. Augustine and told Montiano that six supply ships were at Mosquito Inlet, 68 miles further down the coast. (Present-day Ponce de Leon Inlet). He also told Montiano that the British had withdrawn the vessel blocking Matanzas Inlet, and the way appeared clear to provision the city. However, an English deserter reported to the Spanish that Oglethorpe planned a night attack during the next six days of unusually high tides, for the high water was needed to cross Matanzas Bay and assault the Castillo.
Six days passed and no attack came, so Montiano sent five small vessels down the Matanzas River, out the Matanzas Inlet, and on to Mosquito Inlet to fetch the supplies. Just as the boats returned to the Matanzas Inlet, they met two British sloops that were taking soundings. The sloops opened fire and took up the chase. The fighting continued until twilight when the British sloops returned to their squadron. Their withdrawal gave the Spanish flotilla the opening they needed. They promptly entered the Matanzas Inlet, sailed up the river, and safely anchored at St. Augustine, allowing supplies to be brought to the Castillo without opposition.
Oglethorpe had captured Fort Mose at the beginning of the war, but Montiano managed to recapture it at daybreak on June 26, after a battle that left 68 deaths and 34 prisoners. The coquina walls of the Castillo withstood British bombardment without much damage. Fearing the approaching hurricane season, the British fleet decided to sail north for safer waters. With British morale low due to the broken blockade, the defeat of the British forces holding Fort Mose, the onset of hurricane season, lacking naval support and knowing that the city was now well-supplied, Oglethorpe raised the siege on July 20, 1740, and on the morning of the 38th day of the siege the British withdrew their forces from the area.
Renewed hostilities.
Montiano began the construction of Fort Matanzas in the fall of 1740. Coquina stone was quarried at El Piñon, a small inlet south of Matanzas. Construction was difficult, for long piles had to be driven into the marsh to support rising stonework. Repeatedly, the British and their Indian allies tried to stop construction.
On July 21, 1741, the British moved in to attack the Spanish. Two British ships, the sloop "St. Philip" and a schooner (a sailing vessel with two or more masts) sighted a Spanish sloop anchored inside the inlet of Matanzas. A Spanish galliot (a shallow-draft vessel propelled mainly by oars), which had gone unnoticed by the British, opened fire from long range but scored no hits. Darkness and fog soon halted the British attack. The next day the British again attacked. At 10 o'clock in the morning the "St. Philip", now clear of the fog, moved in on the Spanish sloop. The sloop attempted to move away but ran aground on one of the many sandbars in the area. The British seized the opportunity and opened fire on the stranded ship. Several shots found their mark – two Spanish crewmen were killed and two were wounded. The Spanish galliot again saved the day by opening fire on the British ships, preventing them from taking further action. The "St. Philip" and her accompanying sloop were forced to retreat back to the open sea. If the British had been able to defeat the galliot, they would have destroyed the Fort Matanzas construction.
Georgia invasion.
On July 5, 1742, Governor Montiano mounted a counter-offensive with an army of about 5,000 men. He sailed to St. Simons Island, off the Georgia coast, through the firing guns of the British. The British had built two small forts on the island, Fort St. Simons and Fort Frederica. Oglethorpe abandoned Fort St. Simons after the Spanish forces had outflanked him, and retreated to Fort Frederica. Wasting no time, the Spanish took over Fort St. Simons the following day and soon began to scout out their opposition on foot. The two armies came face to face at the Battles of Gully Hole Creek and Bloody Marsh.
Early on the morning of Wednesday, July 7, several Spanish scouts advanced northward toward "Fort Frederica" to assess the landscape and plan their attack. They met a body of British rangers at "Gully Hole Creek" at approximately nine o'clock, and the two units exchanged shots. Oglethorpe learned of the engagement, mounted a horse, and galloped to the scene, followed by reinforcements. He charged directly into the Spanish line, which scattered when the additional forces arrived. Oglethorpe posted a detachment to defend his position and returned to Frederica to prevent another Spanish landing on the northern coast and to recruit more men.
During mid-afternoon of the same day, the Spanish sent more troops into the region, and the British forces fired upon them from behind the heavy cover of brush in the surrounding marshes. This ambush, coupled with mass confusion within the smoke-filled swamp, resulted in another Spanish defeat despite Oglethorpe's absence. This second engagement earned its name the Battle of Bloody Marsh from its location rather than from the number of casualties, which were minimal, especially on the English side (about fifty men, mostly Spanish, were killed). These defeats successfully repulsed the Spanish attempts to retake St. Simons Island.
In September 1742, Oglethorpe tried once again to attack St. Augustine. By this time Fort Matanzas was completed and fired its cannon. The British retreated without firing a shot. The next April Oglethorpe returned for one last try. However, heavy surf kept him from approaching the inlet or landing men and arms on the beach. Neither side fired a shot.
Governor of Panama.
In 1748, Montiano was named Governor of Panama, and promoted to Brigadier General and Field Marshal as a reward for his deeds in Florida. Four years later he married Gregoria Josefa Aguiar in Havana, Cuba, who later gave him a son. He remained Governor until 1758. At the end of his term as Governor, he was submitted to a residency trial, which found him an innocent and honorable person.
Later life.
In 1759 he moved back to Spain, where he retired and settled in Madrid. He was promoted to Lieutenant General the same year. He died in that city in 1762, and was buried in the church of San Martín.

</doc>
<doc id="20885401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885401" title="The Plutonium Files">
The Plutonium Files

"The Plutonium Files: America's Secret Medical Experiments in the Cold War" is a 1999 book by Eileen Welsome. 
It is a history of U.S. government-engineered radiation experiments on unwitting Americans, based on the Pulitzer Prize–winning series Welsome wrote for "The Albuquerque Tribune".
The experiments began in 1945, when Manhattan Project scientists were preparing to detonate the first atomic bomb. Many of these experiments resulted in strong mutation. Radiation was known to be dangerous and the experiments were designed to ascertain the detailed effect of radiation on human health. Most of the subjects, Welsome says, were poor, powerless, and sick.
From 1945 to 1947, 18 people were injected with plutonium by Manhattan project doctors. Other experiments directed by the United States Atomic Energy Commission and the Manhattan Project continued into the 1970s. "The Plutonium Files" chronicles the lives of the subjects of the secret program by naming each person involved and discussing the ethical and medical research conducted in secret by the scientists and doctors. Albert Stevens, the man who survived the highest known accumulated radiation dose in any human, 4-year-old Simeon Shaw sent from Australia to the U.S. for treatment, and Elmer Allen are some of the notable subjects of the Manhattan Project program led by Dr. Joseph Gilbert Hamilton.
In Nashville, pregnant women were given radioactive mixtures. In Cincinnati, some 200 patients were irradiated over a period of 15 years. In Chicago, 102 people received injections of strontium and cesium solutions. In Massachusetts, 57 developmentally disabled children were fed radioactive oatmeal in an experiment sponsored by MIT and the Quaker Oats Company. In none of these cases were the subjects informed about the nature of the procedures, and thus could not have provided informed consent. 
In the book these stories are interwoven with details of more well-known radiation experiments and accidents. These include: U.S. soldiers deliberately exposed to nuclear bomb blasts; families who lived downwind from atomic tests; radiation exposure in the Marshall Islands; and the Japanese "Lucky Dragon" trawler caught in the fallout from a massive hydrogen bomb blast in 1954. 
The government covered up most of these radiation mishaps until 1993, when President Bill Clinton ordered a change of policy and federal agencies then made available records dealing with human radiation experiments. The resulting investigation was undertaken by the president’s Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments, and it uncovered much of the material included in Welsome's book. The committee issued a controversial 1995 report which said that "wrongs were committed" but it did not condemn those who perpetrated them.
Jonathan D. Moreno was a senior staff member of the committee. He wrote the 1999 book "Undue Risk: Secret State Experiments on Humans", which covers some of the same ground as "The Plutonium Files".

</doc>
<doc id="20885402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885402" title="Thomas-Chaloner Bisse-Challoner">
Thomas-Chaloner Bisse-Challoner

Thomas-Chaloner Bisse-Challoner (11 December 1788 – 26 July 1872) was an English militia colonel, magistrate and Deputy Lieutenant.
Life.
Chaloner-Bisse was the only son of the Rev. Thomas Bisse (c.1754- d.13 November 1828), of Portnall Park, Virginia Water, by Katherine (d.1815/16).
He was educated at Eton College (c1802-1805) and Trinity College, Oxford, (he matriculated on 26 March 1806, aged 17). This was followed by service in the 1st Dragoon Guards, 1809 to 1812 (cornet: 9 March 1809; lieutenant: 1 August 1811). He married in Ireland in June 1812, and after the 1815 peace between England and France, went abroad with his wife. He came back when his mother died in 1816, returning abroad in 1817. In 1827, hearing of his father's illness, he came back alone from Naples. In 1828, he and his wife left Naples for good.
In 1829, he took the name Challoner. The London Gazette announced it thus:
"Whitehall, January 22, 1829".
The King has been pleased to give and grant unto /
Thomas Challoner Bisse of Portnall-park, in the /
parish of Egham, in the county of Surrey, Esq., /
Lieutenant-Colonel-Commandant of the 4th Royal /
Regiment of Surrey Local Militia, His Majesty's /
royal licence and authority, that he may (in testimony /
of his respect for the memory of his maternal great /
aunt Lydia, widow and relict of George Challoner, /
of Hales-hall, in the parish of Cheadle, in the county /
of Stafford, under whose will he derives considerable / 
property) assume and use the surname of Challoner, /
in addition to and after that of Bisse, and also bear / 
the arms of Challoner quarterly with those of Bisse, / ...
He was appointed a Justice of the Peace (J.P.) of Berkshire (1831) and of Surrey, and a Deputy Lieutenant (D.L.) for Surrey. He became High Sheriff of Surrey in 1838. Colonel Challoner stood unsuccessfully for the West Surrey constituency in the 1852 general election. He came third (with 1385 votes) to William John Evelyn (1646 votes) and Henry Drummond (1610 votes) who both stood in the Conservative interest. (In 1852 West Surrey had a population of 102,856, of which 3,897 were registered electors).
He was subsequently Lt. Colonel and commandant of the third Royal Regiment of Surrey Local Militia (No.118) from 26 March 1853 to 2 November 1867, when he became an honorary colonel. Its headquarters were at Croydon and then Kingston upon Thames.
He was Chairman of the Bagshot and Bedfont Turnpike Trust (a stretch of 2008's A30 between Hounslow to Basingstoke); Trustee of the Western District Turnpike; Trustee of United Roads; Trustee of Hampton to Staines Turnpike Trust; and a commissioner for Staines Bridge from 1836 to 1871.
Seat and residences.
Potnalls, Potenall, or Portnall Park, Virginia Water, Egham, Staines was built c. 1770. In 1804, Rev. Thomas Bisse exchanged it for land elsewhere at Tite Hill, Egham, near Staines (possibly land that had belonged to his maternal great-aunt Lydia Challoner) with David Jebb, the brother of John Jebb, FRS, and younger son of Dr. John Jebb (c. 1706-1787), Dean of Cashel, Tipperary. Rev. Thomas Bisse extended or re-built the mansion. His son in turn extended it after 1828.
In 1872 Portnall was staffed by three men in the house; two in the stables; six or seven in the garden; nine or 10 maids in the house; and four or five men on the farm, which encompassed, including rented land, (De Salis, 1939).
When sold to golf course pioneer and property developer Walter George Tarrant of Wentworth Estate, for £15,000 in 1923, the mansion and estate comprised with a 2,400 foot (just under half a mile) frontage to the main road (the A30). The house had 27 or 30 bedrooms and dressing rooms. There was a 'large square block of stabling' (for 15 horses); a six booth coach house; barn; cowsheds; bailiff's cottage; bothy; potting sheds; 'good' greenhouses; two walled gardens; five pairs of freehold cottages (three at Shrubs Hill and two at Knowle Hill); two lodge cottages; and a gardener's cottage.
From the 1830s through 1841 Col. Challoner was resident at 29 Portman Square. In January 1842, "Boyle's Court Guide" listed him at 169 New Bond Street (aka "The Clarendon Hotel"), and from 1843 till his death in 1872 he was at 11 Charles Street, Berkeley Square.
He had two renters shares in Drury Lane Theatre and was a member of both Brooks's and the Garrick Club, of which he was an original member.
Legacy.
When Challoner died on 26 July 1872 he left effects valued under £120,000. Viscount Bridport and John Gooch Spicer of Spye Park, Wiltshire were his executors.
Challoner had inherited various stocks, messuages, and residues from divers sources: from his maternal-great aunt (including ten shares in Trent Navigation) Lydia Challoner of Egham (died 1803), via his father (died 1828), by which time they were referred to as: "the twenty canal shares now recently made forty"; from his aunt Mary Barnard of Fulham (and Dorset?) (died 1842); and from his mother's first cousin Valentina Aynscombe of Mortlake (died 1841).
Family tree.
Challoner's maternal great–grandfather Robert Smith (c. 1672–1748), a freeman of London, of Thames Street, London and Mortlake, was the common ancestor.
Smith had eight daughters and two sons by his wife Ann.
Robert Smith had given Lillie £10,000 on marriage and half his trade and 50 shares in the Sun Fire Office. When Lillie died in 1791 "The Scots Magazine", (vol. 53, p. 102), reported it thus:
He also left three daughters (all died "sine prole"):
Half-Brother.
William Chaloner Bisse (1822–1849) was the Rev. Thomas Bisse's son by his second wife, Charlotte, whom he married in 1818, a daughter of Charles Price of Knightsbridge. His aunt Elizabeth Price married 24 June 1799 Jonathan Raine (1763–1831), of Lincoln's Inn and 33 Bedford Row, KC, a Yorkshire born, sometime MP for various Cornish constituencies, and eventually a Welsh judge. Charlotte was left £1,000 per annum, "as fixed by my marriage settlement" when Thomas Bisse died in 1828. At the same time William was left five shares in the Stafford and Worcester Canal.
He became an Ensign in the 73rd Regiment of Foot on 12 March 1841; was promoted to Lieutenant on 5 April 1844; and to Captain on 12 May 1848.
However, he died in Ireland on 8 June 1849 aged 27 and lies buried at Templemore in Tipperary, where his 'brother officers' erected a marble tablet in the chancel of the New Church.
Wives.
He married, firstly, Anne, eldest daughter of Nicholas-Loftus Tottenham, MP (1745-11 March 1823), in June 1812, in Ireland. She died in 3 December or November 1857, (according to "Burke" (1863) at the implausible age of 82. Her younger sister was recorded in Burke (1958) as having died December 1865 aged 83, thus Anne could have been born c1780 or 1784 if 73 when died).
This Anne was niece of the Anne Tottenham (1744–1775) of the Loftus Hall ghost story.
Nicholas Loftus-Tottenham was the second son of Charles Tottenham (1716–1795), MP for New Ross, surveyor-general of Leinster, by Anne (1718–1768), second daughter of the Rt. hon. Nicholas Loftus, 1st Viscount Loftus. 
Nicholas Loftus-Tottenham was for 14 years the MP for Bannow 1776–1790 and the member for Clonmines from 1790-1797. He had married in May 1778 Mary (two sons, three daughters) daughter and co-heir of Sir James May, 1st Bt. Loftus-Tottenham was resident or associated with Loftus Hall, Fethard, co. Wexford; Duncannon, co. Waterford; Glenfarne, co. Leitrim; and Holles street, Dublin.
Col. Challoner married, secondly, on 6 January 1859, (Hadie) Henrietta Emma Helena De Salis (2 May 1824 - 16 August 1863) third surviving and youngest daughter of Count de Salis. There is a monumental inscription to them in Christ Church, Virginia Water (a church consecrated in 1838). 
In a book of memorandum he wrote:
Challoner left his estate to her youngest brother, the Rev. Henry Jerome de Salis, whose third son was Charles Fane de Salis, a Bishop of Taunton. When Rev. Henry de Salis died in 1915 his eldest son Rodolph became "tenant for life" of the Portnall property. However, after a minor struggle with his next brother, he alienated it in 1923. Rodolph, a civil engineer, had in the meantime been a director of the Staffordshire Railway, a Challoner interest.
Bisse.
Challoner's father the Rev. Thomas Bisse (‘’armigerous’’, according to Oxford) had matriculated at Wadham College, 1 July 1772, aged 18, and been awarded a BA, 19 April 1776, Battels Christmas 1783, and MA, 22 May 1783. He was the son Thomas Bisse of London ("Thomae Bisse de Civ. Londin:"), (‘’a gent.’’, according to Oxford University), possibly the Rev. Thomas Bisse, A.M., chaplain of New College (and All Souls) 1729 and 1732, (or Thomas Bisse (d.1766) drawing master of Christ's Hospital from 1754–1766, (successor to Alexander Cozens)), a nephew or son of the Rev. Dr. Thomas Bisse (1675–1731) preacher at the Rolls Chapel, London, author of "The Beauties of Holiness", 1716 and prebend then chancellor of Hereford, and hence was also nephew or son of Philip Bisse, FRS (elected 13 June 1706), Bishop of Hereford.
Dr. and Bishop Bisse were sons of Rev. John Bisse, Rector of Oldbury from 1659/60, co. Gloucester (c1638-d.1686, buried 19 July), who had matriculated Wadham College 28 March 1655. He was son of Thomas Bisse of Lullington, Somerset, and grandson of Thomas Bisse, and great-grandson of Dr. Phillip Bisse (c.1540-October 1613) who had been Fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford 1561-65, Archdeacon of Taunton, a benefactor of All Souls and had made the inaugural gift of 2,000 books to Wadham College Library. Their mother, Joyce Giles, died 8 September 1717, aged 80 (Historical Register Chronicle 1714-1738), via "Musgrave").
A cousin, Philip Bisse (c.1611-1642, killed by Irish), a grandson of Dr. Philip Bisse, the Wadham benefactor, was Archdeacon of Cloyne, and possibly he for whom the Bisse arms were registered in Ireland, 25 May 1637.

</doc>
<doc id="20885408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885408" title="Mindanao treeshrew">
Mindanao treeshrew

The Mindanao Treeshrew (Urogale everetti), also called the Philippine tree shrew, is a species of treeshrew endemic to the Mindanao region in the Philippines. It is the only member of the genus "Urogale". The scientific name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Range and Habitat.
It is found, as its two names suggest, it lives in Mindanao, in the Philippines. It lives in rain forests and montane forests. 
Description.
It is the heaviest treeshrew, weighing about 355 g, and is terrestrial. The body is 17-20 cm, and the tail is 11-17 cm. It has a particularly elongated snout and a rounded, even-haired tail. The fur is brownish, but with orange or yellow underparts. 
It is diurnal in its habits, and it climbs well and runs fast on the ground. 
Diet.
Its diet is varied. It includes insects, lizards, young birds, bird's eggs, and fruit. 
Reproduction.
It is thought that in the wild, it nests on the ground, or on cliffs. Their breeding habits have been observed in captivity, where females have produced 1 or 2 young after a gestation period of 54-56 days. 

</doc>
<doc id="20885461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885461" title="Pritam Das">
Pritam Das

Pritam Das (Pritam Laru Das born on 16 October 1988 in Silchar, Assam) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right arm fast-medium bowler who plays for Assam. He was born in Tarapur, Silchar.
Das made his only first-class appearance during the 2006-07 Ranji Trophy competition, against Orissa in January 2007. From the tailend, he scored four runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a duck in the second.
The following month, Das made three appearances in the one-day Ranji Trophy. In April, he made four appearances for Assam in the Inter State Twenty20 tournament.This young man has got good pace.

</doc>
<doc id="20885462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885462" title="Montgomery Brothers">
Montgomery Brothers

The Montgomery Brothers were a jazz trio consisting of the brothers Wes Montgomery (guitar, 1923–1968), Buddy Montgomery (piano, vibes, 1930–2009) and Monk Montgomery (bass, 1921–1982).
They released a number of albums for various labels before Wes Montgomery died in 1968.
Discography.
The Montgomery Brothers Collection

</doc>
<doc id="20885476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885476" title="Civil Code of the Republic of Korea">
Civil Code of the Republic of Korea

The Civil Code of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) was passed in 1958 as Law No. 471 and is known in South Korea as one of the three fundamental laws, the other two being Criminal law and constitution. It is made up of five parts, Part I (general provisions), Part II (real rights), Part III (claims), Part IV (relatives), and Part V (inheritance).
History.
The South Korean Civil Code is the largest code among South Korean law. During the period of Japanese rule (1910-1945), Japanese civil code was used, but family law and succession law partially followed Korean customary rules. After the establishment of the South Korean government, the Committee of Law Compilation (법률편찬위원회) proceed to legislate civil code and other codes in 1948 and completed in 1953. The South Korean government supplied the draft to the legislature in 1954, which then passed the civil code into law in 1957 after some amendments, mostly relating to the family law.
After it was enacted, the South Korean civil code has been modified seven times. Especially in family law, patriarchal system of family law was abolished in order to achieve the equality of the sexes in 1990. For example, in the area of child custody, both parents came to have equal rights, and the household registration system (호주제, "hojuje") was abolished as unconstitutional. 
Contents.
Part 1: general provisions..
General provisions (민법총칙) is a basic principle applying to the substantive law, according to the "Pandekten system". In the section of source of law, customary law and sound reasoning are also considered as source of law (Article 1). "Trust and good faith rule" is also stated in article 2. 
General provisions consists of seven chapters:
Part 2: property rights.
Property rights (물권법) are influenced by Roman law and German law, but the "right to registered lease on deposit basis" (chonsegwon) has the most strong indigenous features. According to article 303, any person having chonsegwon is entitled to use it in conformity with its purposes and to take the profits from it by paying the deposit money and possessing the real property owned by another person.
In customary rule, customary superficies, right of grave base are also applied except nine rights written in the real rights part. In real estate, effect of changes in real rights is only valid by registration. This is because the rights and relations of real estate can be clear by the registration which serves the security of real estate contract.
Real rights consists of General Provisions (chapters 1 - 3) and Servitude (chapters 4 - 7):
Part 3: claims.
Claims (채권법) consists of contract, management of affairs, unjust enrichment and tort. Contract part covers formation of contract, offer and acceptance and the kinds of contracts, gift sale and exchange, etc. In tort part, torts and damages are defined. Korean definition of torts is stated in article 750; "any person who causes losses to or inflicts injuries on another person by an unlawful act, willfully or negligently shall be bound to make compensation for damages arising therefrom".
Claims part consists of five chapters:
Part 4: relatives.
In South Korean law, the law on relatives (친족법) and (상속법) inheritance law comprise what is usually referred to as "family law" in legal studies. The law on relatives define marriage, parents and children, adoption, and the like. The Head of family system (호주제도, "hojujedo") which gives benefit to the male member of family influenced the most part of South Korean family law before it was abolished by the Constitutional Court in 2005, because it was found to be against equality of sexes and human dignity. Therefore, in 2005, the modified civil code was enacted. 

</doc>
<doc id="20885482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885482" title="1997 ABC Champions Cup">
1997 ABC Champions Cup

The ABC Champions Cup 1997 was the 8th staging of the ABC Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of Asian Basketball Confederation. The tournament was held in Jakarta, Indonesia between July 18, 1997 and July 25.

</doc>
<doc id="20885488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885488" title="Hollis Caswell">
Hollis Caswell

Hollis Leland Caswell (October 22, 1901 – November 22, 1988) was an American educator who became an authority on curriculum planning in schools. He directed surveys of curriculum practices in several school systems, and wrote several books on the subject.
Caswell joined the editorial advisory board of the "World Book Encyclopedia" in 1936, and became its chairman in 1948. In 1954, Caswell was appointed president of Teachers College, Columbia University in New York City, and served as its president until 1962.
From 1962 until 1966 Caswell served as general chairman of editorial advisory boards for Field Enterprises Educational Corporation.
Following his retirement as president at Teachers College, Caswell continued at the College, being appointed to the Marshall Field, Jr., Professorship of Education. He remained in that chair until 1967.
Early life and education.
Caswell was a descendant of Kansas homesteaders. He attended a rural high school in western Kansas and attended Kansas State University for two years before transferring to the University of Nebraska, where he received a bachelor's degree in 1922.
Planning to go to law school, he took a temporary job teaching at the high school in Auburn, Nebraska. After he was appointed principal at the age of 21, he gave up his ambition to become a lawyer and devoted his full energies to teaching. After two years in Auburn, he was named superintendent of schools in Syracuse, Nebraska. In 1926 he enrolled in Teachers College, earning a master's degree the following year and a doctorate in 1929.
Career in education.
In 1929, after receiving his Ph.D., Caswell joined the faculty of George Peabody College in Nashville, Tennessee; now affiliated with Vanderbilt University, and rose to become a full professor before he returned to Teachers College nine years later to head its department of curriculum and teaching and to direct its division of instruction. He launched several studies of educational systems during this time, publishing his findings ("City School Surveys: An Interpretation and Appraisal" (1929); "Education in Middle School" (1942); "Program-Making in Small Elementary Schools" (1942); "American High School: Its Responsibility and Opportunity" (1946)). Casell was a leader in the development of state courses of study in the 1930s, consulting on state curriculum programs in Alabama, Florida, Virginia, Mississippi, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Kansas.
President of Teachers College.
Caswell served as president of Teachers College from 1954 until 1962. During his presidency the college launched a twenty-year collaboration with schools in Afghanistan, and mounted a volunteer program for teachers to various nations in Africa (the college instituted the "Teachers for East Africa" program during his tenure). After leaving the presidency, Caswell served until 1967 as the College's Marshall Field Jr. professor of education.
Education reform.
In the years after World War II, Dr. Caswell opposed efforts to develop a standard national curriculum for public schools, arguing instead for more differentiation in teaching methods. He called for strengthening university centers that influence curricula and teacher training. He was frequently outspoken on educational subjects and did not shun controversy. In 1958, in a speech at a conference in Albany, he welcomed citizen interest in schools but opposed participation by people who were not educators in planning curricula:
Caswell also disputed campaigns to do away with some of the so-called frills in education, contending, for example, that driver training was worthwhile because it cut accidents and that the draft in World War II showed the nation that physical education was not a fril,l either.
In the two decades before his retirement Caswell was a principal editorial adviser to "World Book Encyclopedia", published by Field Enterprises. He also was a consultant to many state education departments and municipal school systems and held a number of high positions in national educational organizations, including the National Education Association and the American Council on Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20885514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885514" title="Inductive amplifier">
Inductive amplifier

In electric industries, an inductive amplifier is a type of test instrument that does not require DC electrical contact to detect an AC wire under voltage.
The conventional use of the inductive amplifier is the location of breaks in hidden wires, even buried in concrete. The typical wire detection range in a concrete wall is 10–20 cm. One of the manufacturers of the inductive amplifier is Tempo.
Inductive amplifiers can also be used to find an individual cable pair in a telephone cross connect or cable head when used in conjunction with a tone generator.

</doc>
<doc id="20885523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885523" title="Boys' Brigade Learning Centre, Cambodia">
Boys' Brigade Learning Centre, Cambodia

The Boys' Brigade Learning Centre (BBLC) was established by the Boys' Brigade in Singapore as part of their community service program, to facilitate youth development in Cambodia in partnership with Cambodian schools, and to build up sufficient leadership for the Cambodian people to run their own Boys' Brigade companies. The BBLC is located at Proyouth Village, Puok Commune, near Siem Reap. Work began in 2003, and the BBLC was dedicated on 10 June 2006 by the Reverend Canon Dr. Louis Tay, the Brigade Chaplain at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20885524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885524" title="1998 College Football All-America Team">
1998 College Football All-America Team

The 1998 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following All-American Teams: Associated Press, Football Writers Association of America, American Football Coaches Association, Walter Camp Foundation, "The Sporting News" and "Football News".
The College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original usage of the term All-America seems to have been to such a list selected by football pioneer Walter Camp in the 1890s. The NCAA officially recognizes All-Americans selected by the AP, AFCA, FWAA, TSN, and the WCFF to determine Consensus All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20885546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885546" title="Regius Professor of Chemistry, Glasgow">
Regius Professor of Chemistry, Glasgow

The Regius Chair of Chemistry at the University of Glasgow was founded in 1817 by King George III, who also established the Regius Chairs of Surgery and Natural History at the University. The Chair originated from a lectureship in Chemistry, established in 1747.
Regius Professors of Surgery.
The first Professor was Thomas Thomson, inventor of the saccharometer and discoverer of Thomsonite. He was succeeded by Thomas Anderson, who assisted Joseph Lister, Regius Professor of Surgery, with his work on antisepsis, and who discovered pyridine. The Chair was later held by Nobel laureate Sir Derek Barton.
The current occupant is Professor Leroy (Lee) Cronin.

</doc>
<doc id="20885549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885549" title="Mougins School">
Mougins School

Mougins School is an international school situated in Mougins, France. It was established in 1964 and moved to its present site on the high technology park of Sophia Antipolis in 1987.
Facilities.
The purpose-built campus, situated in a pine forest, provides indoor and outdoor sporting facilities, science laboratories, library, arts, IT and theatre facilities.
Academic organisation.
The School has a one-form entry system educating students aged from three to eighteen representing over thirty countries. Studies are based on the British National Curriculum modified to meet the needs of an international market. Tests are taken as in the UK at 7, 11 and 14, followed by the IGCSE, GCSE ‘AS’ and ‘A’ Level examinations, on completion of which students move on to university education in Europe or the USA. ESL is available.
Extra curricular activities.
These include art, volleyball, football, gymnastics, badminton, orienteering, guitar, piano, choir and dramatic art. 
Parent and student representation.
A Parent Teacher Association assures social activities for parents and students alike, as well as fund-raising. There is also an active student government that voices the concerns of the students to the faculty.

</doc>
<doc id="20885558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885558" title="Alexander John Scott">
Alexander John Scott

Reverend Dr. Alexander John Scott (1768–1840) was an Anglican chaplain who served in the Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. He served as Horatio Nelson's personal chaplain at the Battle of Trafalgar, and had previously served as his private secretary. Scott was a close friend of Nelson, and was with him as he died aboard .
Early life.
Scott was born in 1768, the son of a lieutenant in the navy. He was educated at Charterhouse, and after gaining a scholarship, he attended St John's College, Cambridge, graduating from there in 1792. He was ordained in 1793 and joined the navy that year as a chaplain. He was initially assigned to , which was part of the Mediterranean fleet under Admiral Samuel Hood. During his education he had become fluent in French, Spanish and Italian.
Meeting Nelson.
Scott first met Nelson while in the Mediterranean. Nelson was at this time captain of the 64-gun . Scott was offered the position of Nelson's chaplain, but declined it, instead moving aboard the 98-gun , followed by the 100-gun , then under Sir Hyde Parker. He was present at Nelson's victory at the Battle of Copenhagen in 1801, this time aboard the 98-gun . After the battle was over, Scott helped to draw up the treaties subsequently presented to the Danish, and accompanied Nelson's party as an interpreter. After Parker's recall, Nelson asked for Scott to join him, but Scott could not bear to leave Parker and returned to England with him while Nelson remained in the Baltic.
West Indies.
Scott was then assigned to the frigate which was sent to the West Indies, serving with Admiral John Thomas Duckworth. Duckworth used Scott's linguistic abilities to help in translating documents and to spy and eavesdrop whilst visiting foreign ports. On one occasion he brought Scott to dine with him and the French general Charles Leclerc, in order to try to ascertain the French intentions towards the Caribbean. In 1803, whilst aboard the "Topaze", Scott was the victim of an accident that left him severely shaken. He was struck by lightning while sleeping in his cabin, the bolt also igniting some powder and cartridges that were stored above him. The explosion and electric shock knocked out several teeth, injured his jaw and affected his hearing and eyesight. He recovered, but was continually thereafter affected by his nerves.
Nelson and Trafalgar.
Nelson arranged for Scott to be transferred to his flagship, , in 1804 as his foreign secretary. He had decided that Scott's gift for languages would make him a desirable addition to his staff. Also aboard the "Victory" was another man named Scott, this was John Scott, Nelson's personal secretary. Nelson solved the problem by terming Alexander Scott, now installed as his chaplain, as 'Doctor Scott'. Scott was not actually a Doctor at this point, the award of the Doctorate of Divinity from the University of Cambridge came after Trafalgar. Scott often spent his time aboard "Victory" reading newspapers and letters captured from foreign prizes to Nelson.
Scott initially went below at the start of the battle to be with the wounded as they were brought to the cockpit. He soon became overwhelmed with the sights and sounds, and began to head up to the deck for fresh air. On the way he passed a figure being carried below to the surgeon, and learnt that it was Nelson. He remained with Nelson during his last hours, supporting him and rubbing his chest. After Nelson had died and the surgeon, William Beatty was summoned, Scott was found to be still rubbing the chest. He accompanied the body back to England, was with Nelson during the lying in state at Greenwich Hospital and attended the funeral processions and the ceremony in St Paul's Cathedral. He later wrote of his friend:
Men are not always themselves and put on their behaviour with their clothes, but if you live with a man on board ship for years, if you are continually with him in his cabin, your mind will soon find out how to appreciate him. I could forever tell of the qualities of this beloved man, Horatio Nelson. I have not shed a tear before the 21st October, and since whenever I am alone, I am quite like a child.
Nelson had hoped that if he were to die, that George Rose, then Vice-President of the Board of Trade, would help Scott with money. He also wished for his brother William Nelson to surrender his prebendal stall at Canterbury Cathedral to Scott, when William Nelson inherited. William however declined to.
After Trafalgar.
Scott lived a peaceful life after the battle. In 1807 the 35-year-old Scott married the 17-year-old Mary Frances Ryder.
The newly-weds moved into the vicarage at where Scott assumed the curacy to supplement his income as Rector of nearby Southminster.
Alexander and Mary had a son who died shortly after birth and two daughters, Horatia and Margaret.
Mary died in 1811 having been weakened by the birth of her son. Scott's daughter Margaret became a best selling author under her married name of Margaret Gatty. Scott also became Chaplain to the Prince Regent in 1816 and then the incumbent of a government living at Catterick. He died at Ecclesfield, Yorkshire in 1840, at the age of 72, and was buried in the churchyard of the Church of St. Mary, Ecclesfield

</doc>
<doc id="20885559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885559" title="Claudine Cameron">
Claudine Cameron

Claudine Cameron is a fictional character in British teen drama "Britannia High", and is portrayed by Sapphire Elia.
Series 1.
Claudine is a spoiled "princess" who came from an abusing mother. In her centric episode, Episode 6, she confessed to Danny that her mother, when her father left for work, would yell at her and when her father disappeared and never came home, her mother blamed it on Claudine. The only thing Claudine would do is listen to music, "fly away". After Danny sings "Growing Pains", which Claudine joins in, she confesses her love to him. Danny hesitates, then brings her into a kiss. Lauren, whom Danny was dating at the moment, watches backstage, shocked. In Episode 8, Claudine, Ronnie, and Lauren's centric episode, Claudine befriends Lauren after Lauren asks Claudine for help at the hospital. Claudine also helps Lola in Lola's centric episode, Episode 4, when she is kicked out of Britannia High and has to re-audition. It is thought that she becomes really great friends with BB, because the pair are seen as dancing partners in many episodes, and Jez, because Jez locks his arms around Claudine during "Without You" in the finale.

</doc>
<doc id="20885592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885592" title="Sir Bobby Robson Foundation">
Sir Bobby Robson Foundation

The Sir Bobby Robson Foundation is a British cancer research charity which raises money to fund the early detection and treatment of cancer, and clinical trials of anti-cancer drugs. Based in the North East of England, the Foundation was launched on 25 March 2008 in the name of Sir Bobby Robson, himself a cancer sufferer five times since 1992, and who died of the disease on 31 July 2009.
The initial goal of the Foundation was to raise £500,000 to fund equipment for a cancer research centre being built in the Freeman Hospital, Newcastle upon Tyne, to be named The Sir Bobby Robson Cancer Trials Research Centre. Once this was secure, the Foundation would turn its attention to funding other cancer related projects in the North East of England. The Foundation raised £260,000 in just over two weeks. By November 2008 it had raised over £1 million, double the initial funding target of £500,000 set in February, which itself was passed in just eight weeks. By 15 October 2009, just over 6 weeks after Sir Bobby's death and nearly 19 months after its launch, the charity had raised over £2 million. It passed the £2.5m mark in September 2010.
The Foundation had its origins in a wish by Sir Bobby on the eve of his 75th birthday to leave behind a legacy for future cancer victims in the North East and give something back to the NHS in return for the care he had received in his own battles against cancer. In February 2007 Robson had been diagnosed with terminal cancer, and had begun chemotherapy treatment to keep it under control. Robson had initially been reluctant to use his name to raise money, but did so invoking the Geordie idiom, "Shy bairns (children) get nothing".
The foundation is a UK registered charity, and is based in Swalwell village, Tyne and Wear. The Foundation operates in an area stretching north to Northumbria, south to Sunderland, and west to Cumbria, and supports the activities of the Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. The Foundation is registered with the Charity Commission as the Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Charity
The idea for the foundation came about after Sir Bobby was told by his doctor that an upcoming NHS cancer research centre had no funds in place for equipment. This centre was the Early Cancer Trials Unit in the Northern Centre for Cancer Care (NCCC), one of the largest cancer centres in the United Kingdom. The unit was to be part of the consolidation of the NCCC into a new £80 million centre being built at the Freeman Hospital. Parts of the new NCCC site opened in October 2008, and it was due to be fully open by early 2009.
The 28 December 2008 football match at St James' Park between Newcastle United and Liverpool was designated the Sir Bobby Robson day by the Newcastle United Supporters Club, celebrating the man and raising finds for the foundation.
The Sir Bobby Robson Cancer Trials Research Centre part of the NCCC was opened on 20 February 2008, staffed by academics from Newcastle University, and medics from the NHS Trust. Robson opened the centre two days after his 76th birthday, with a surprise 15-minute speech, having been expected to attend the ceremony but not speak. In front of guests including Fabio Capello, Alan Shearer and Peter Beardsley, Robson vowed to carry on fundraising.
By the time of the research centre's opening, the Foundation had raised £1.2m. In addition to equipping the research centre, further fundraising by the Foundation had enabled the funding of two 3-year training posts to be supported by the centre, one being a research nursing position, and the other a fellowship doctor post. The Foundation has also funded other projects. This has included the commitment to purchase a Biomarker Generator, an ultra-compact cyclotron from Tennessee based ABT Molecular Imaging. The first of its kind in Europe and second in the world, it was to be housed in a new clean-room facility built in the School of Chemistry at Newcastle University. It has also raised money for relevant equipment and building works at the Royal Victoria Infirmary hospital.
On 24 January 2009 it was announced the famous Italia '90 World Cup semi-final loss against West Germany, in which Robson's England team were beaten 4-3 on penalties after a 1-1 draw, would be replayed as the Sir Bobby Robson Trophy match in aid of the Foundation. It was held on 26 July at St James' Park, and would feature players from the original World Cup squads and other special guests, with the winning team being awarded the Sir Bobby Robson Trophy.
Sir Bobby died on 31 July 2009, shortly after attending the tribute match. At the time of his death, the Foundation had raised £1.6m. Donations totalling £156,000 were received by the Foundation in the 18 days following his death.
The Foundation benefited from special commemorative kits and scarves produced for the Championship match between Newcastle United FC and Ipswich Town FC, two of Sir Bobby's former clubs, held on 26 September 2009 at Ipswich's Portman Road ground. After the game, which Newcastle won 4-0, the shirts were signed by the players and auctioned individually on eBay. The auction raised £31,187 for the Foundation, who pledged it to the building of a teenage cancer unit at the Royal Victoria Infirmary.
On 15 October 2009, coinciding with the Foundation reaching the £2m mark, it was announced that Alan Shearer was to be the Foundation's new patron, after being asked by Sir Bobby's family to carry on his work. This was followed with the appointment of three further patrons during 2010. Steve Gibson, chairman of Middlesbrough F.C., Mick Mills, Robson's former captain at Ispwich Town F.C., and Niall Quinn, chairman of Sunderland F.C..
In November 2009 the Foundation was to launch a DVD titled a 'Knight To Remember', profiling Sir Bobby's life, including his last interviews and contributions from friends, family, and the world of football, with 75% of proceeds going to the Foundation. The DVD was to feature a version of "Blaydon Races" sung by Jimmy Nail, Kevin Whately and Tim Healy of "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet" fame, with an additional verse written in dedication of Sir Bobby.
And now a word for Bobby Robson, hero of the Toon; A football man, a gentleman, who never let we doon; A friendly word, a cheery smile, and brave right to the end; We're proud to say your one of wors, Sir Bob... Auf Wiedersehen
On 29 November 2009 the Foundation was to be presented with the John Fotheringham Award by the North East branch of the Football Writers' Association at their annual dinner.
Marking the occasion of gaining the support of the East Coast train operating company, the express franchise for Scotland - Newcastle - London routes, in March 2011 Robson's widow Elsie and Alan Shearer named one of its locomotives "Sir Bobby Robson". The Foundation has also been promoted by the local bus company Go North East, known for their individual branding of routes, who from June 2010 branded four buses used on the 30-minute frequency X25 express, which runs between Langley Park where Robson lived, and Newcastle City Centre (Eldon Square bus station), with Foundation information and an image of Robson.

</doc>
<doc id="20885604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885604" title="Udo Riglewski">
Udo Riglewski

Udo Riglewski (born July 28, 1966, in Lauffen am Neckar, Baden-Württemberg), is a former professional tennis player from Germany. He enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 10 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 10 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 6 in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20885605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885605" title="Orchard Park High School">
Orchard Park High School

Orchard Park High School is a secondary school in Orchard Park, New York. The school has approximately 1725 children in grades 9-12. The students are divided among three houses with a principal for each house and a principal who oversees the entire school.
History and description of Campus.
The main portion of the current high school building was completed in the late 1940s, and served from then until 1976 as the junior high school. In 1976, a large addition and renovation process doubled the size of the building and it became the high school. (The old junior high gym became the pool and added the gym adjacent to it. Also added is the three-story classroom addition and an auditorium adjacent to the original building.) (The former high school became a Middle School, which currently houses grades 6-8.)A common complaint regarding building design is that the narrowest staircase (capable of fitting only two people abreast) is in a central location; heavy between-period traffic often becomes congested in a bottleneck. The building had undergone only minimal refurbishment and changes since the late 1970s until the summer of 2008.
2008-2010 Renovations.
In 2008 renovations began in the science wing, the auditorium, the locker rooms, and turned the stage in the cafeteria into the new weight room. The old weight room is now a technology room. The Freeman entrance was also renovated, adding a larger hallway to the exit as well as a handicap ramp. All the renovations were complete by September 2010.
Extracurricular activities.
Student groups and activities include Cancer Awareness Club, History Club, Math Club, Science Olympiad Team, Math Tutoring Association, Philosophy Club, Masterminds, Model Congress, Mock Trial, Book Club, Student-Run Literary Magazine (Still Life), Ecology Club, Model UN, Destination Imagination, Rugby, Future Business Leaders of America, Color Guard, Winter Guard, Future Teachers of America, SOIL club and Rock Climbing Club. The school also has an interactive student, teacher, parent, and administrator government program known as STAP-Comm.
Athletics.
Athletic opportunities include football (2008 and 2011 Class AA State Champions) Cross-country, indoor track and field, outdoor track and field, wrestling, baseball (1988 New York State Class A Champions) basketball, archery, swimming and diving (1999-2000 New York State Champions), rifle, bowling, tennis, lacrosse, field hockey, cheerleading, gymnastics, golf (2008 ECIC Team Champions), club hockey (winner of the last eight "Super Thursdays" for the Southtowns Club Hockey League), and volleyball (2008 New York State Champions).
Performing arts.
Orchard Park is home to the Quaker Marching Band (2007 New York State Field Band Conference Champions), and several additional ensembles including Wind Ensemble, Symphonic Band, Checkmates, Jazz Ensemble, String Orchestra, Full Orchestra, Swing Chorus, Choraliers, Mixed Chorus and Girls' Chorus. Students at Orchard Park High School can also participate in a strong theatrical program well known for their musicals and dramas.
School Spirit and Traditions.
The school mascot is Opie the Quaker. The school colors are Maroon and White.
Homecoming Week.
Like most schools, O.P.H.S. has a school spirit week on the week before homecoming, with themes such as neon day and school color day. On Friday of spirit week they have a pep rally and a Powder Puff game which features the junior girls versus the senior girls. On Saturday of that week there is a parade in the morning, the varsity football game in the afternoon, and the dance later that night.

</doc>
<doc id="20885628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885628" title="My Jerks">
My Jerks

"My Jerks" is the 151st episode and television season premiere of the eighth season of the ABC Studios television series "Scrubs". The episode first aired on January 6, 2009 on the American Broadcasting Company, following the show's departure from NBC. It was immediately followed by the second episode of the season. The episode was written by Angela Nissel and directed by Michael Spiller who also has a small cameo appearance. This was the first "Scrubs" episode of the show to show moving footage over the credits, instead of its usual screenshots of scenes throughout the episode.
Plot.
J.D. notices the Janitor cleaning gum off a wall and comments, "that's new"; the Janitor, assuming J.D. had noticed his new watch, thinks he wants a compliment back and comments on J.D.'s newly grown "pubescent "Miami Vice" beard". J.D. then conducts rounds with his new interns and doesn't like any of them. He thinks Katie is a teacher's pet, Denise has a terrible bedside manner, and Ed is lazy. He welcomes the new Chief of Medicine for Sacred Heart, Dr. Taylor Maddox, and is surprised at how attractive and nice she is. 
Later, during another session of rounds, J.D. leaves the interns alone in the ward to watch the patients and gives them specific instructions. When he returns, he finds that they allowed a patient to crash. He vows he is done teaching them and hands them over to Josephine. In the cafeteria, Dr. Cox tells J.D. that he was not too dissimilar from these new interns, and that it is his job to teach. He ends up giving the interns a second chance.
Meanwhile, Dr. Cox is upset that he is once again going to have to be "that guy" who always stands up to the Chief of Medicine. Nevertheless, when he notices that Maddox is keeping a patient in the hospital only because he has incredible insurance, he begins arguing with her.
After Keith calls Katie "Mini Elliot", Elliot obsesses that she is too self-involved. Carla tries to gently give her a reality check, but Elliot fails to see the signs that Keith is still hurt over their breakup. Ted shows her that he is still upset, and she realizes that she has indeed become too self-involved. Privately, she apologizes to Keith for breaking his heart.
After Dr. Maddox sees the Janitor trip up J.D. with his mop, she angrily fires him. When he fails to take her seriously and returns to work the next day, she marches him outside and takes his keys. At the end of the episode a new, friendly janitor introduces himself, to J.D.'s delight.
Dr. Kelso enjoys a muffin at Coffee Bucks and watches the hospital drama unfold. Ted tries to tell him off, but still does not have enough self-confidence to stand up to his hated ex-boss.
Promotion.
Bill Lawrence has stated that since switching to ABC, he and "Scrubs" have received a better level of promotion. This includes the introduction of webisodes of "Scrubs" on ABC.com and commercial promotion. ABC also released the first five minutes of the episode prematurely to promote the show's debut on the network.
Songs.
The song that is played when Dr. Taylor Maddox enters is "I Wanna Be Your Man" by EndeverafteR.
Reception.
Seth Amitin gives a favorable review of the episode, saying "It's...unfair to point to an episode and ask it to represent the season, but..."My Jerks" is allowing us to do that. The episode is funny in ways that the show wasn't funny last year. It also mixes well with the dramatic while introducing a handful of new characters with relative ease. It's metonymical of Scrubs...Maybe Mr. Lawrence set up some lofty goals, but the first episode of the season follows through on Amitin, "[http://tv.ign.com/articles/941/941727p1.html Scrubs: "My Jerks" Review," "IGN" (January 5, 2009)</ref>
The "Staten Island Advance" deemed "My Jerks" a "hit" which balanced its comedy with more serious scenes well. Alan Sepinwall of "The Star-Ledger" concurred and felt that there "were moments of extreme silliness and moments of great pathos."

</doc>
<doc id="20885640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885640" title="ROF Aycliffe">
ROF Aycliffe

The "Aycliffe Angels".
The factory's workers included 17,000 women from the surrounding towns and villages, who worked filling shells and bullets and assembling detonators and fuses for the war effort. They became known as the "Aycliffe Angels" after a Nazi propaganda broadcast from Lord Haw-Haw threatened that "The little angels of Aycliffe won't get away with it" and promised that the Luftwaffe would bomb them into submission.
By its nature the work was very dangerous and many workers were killed and injured during the manufacturing process; however due to the secrecy surrounding the factory and its workers, many incidents went unrecorded and unreported in the news and their efforts went unrecognised.
In 2000 local newspaper The Northern Echo launched a campaign to have their work officially recognised, this led to a memorial service which was attended by Prime Minister and local MP Tony Blair and the Queen. A permanent memorial was also placed in Newton Aycliffe town centre commemorating their efforts.
Operations.
The marshy location was chosen as it was an ideal site, shrouded in fog and mist for much of the year providing cover against bombing by the Luftwaffe. It opened as ROF 59 (Filling factory 8) in the Spring of 1941, resulting in the construction and opening of two new stations on the former Clarence Railway at and .
As a munitions factory, ROF Aycliffe operated 24 hours a day, employing some 17,000 workers in three shift groups. The workers were mainly women. Workers were transported from surrounding areas onto the site by bus and train, with the most local workers arriving on foot or by bicycle.
During its existence, the factory produced finished munitions including bullets, shells and mines. Operational for just over four years until the end of World War II in 1945, by which point it had produced some 700 million bullets and countless other munitions. The factory was designated as a 'Top Secret' installation and surrounded by high fences with barbed wire.
The factory was visited during the war years by Winston Churchill and members of the British Royal Family. Many well known entertainers of the day also performed at the factory for the workers.
Post-war.
After the war, the factory closed and the site was turned into the Newton Aycliffe Industrial Estate in the late 1940s. Many of the original buildings are still standing today.

</doc>
<doc id="20885644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885644" title="Brad Lincoln">
Brad Lincoln

Brad Eric Lincoln (born May 25, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has played in MLB for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Toronto Blue Jays. Prior to playing professionally, he attended the University of Houston, where he played college baseball for the Houston Cougars.
Amateur career.
Lincoln played baseball for Brazoswood High School of Clute, Texas, though he was also a quarterback for the football team, and did not concentrate exclusively on baseball until after his sophomore year. After his senior season, the Texas Rangers selected him in the 28th round of the 2003 draft, but he elected to attend college rather than turning pro at that time.
He matriculated at the University of Houston, where he played college baseball for the Houston Cougars baseball team. He built on a strong year in the Cape Cod League in 2005 to emerge as a top-level talent during his junior season in 2006. He began the 2006 season by being named the |Most Outstanding Player of the Houston College Classic. For the season, he posted a 12-2 won-lost record and a 1.69 earned run average (ERA), with 152 strikeouts in innings pitched, and also excelled with the bat, achieving a .295 batting average with 14 home runs and a team-leading 53 RBI. At the end of the season, he was named to the Conference USA All-Tournament Team, recognized as the Conference USA Player of the Year, and won several major national awards, including the Dick Howser Trophy and the Brooks Wallace Award. He was also one of four finalists for the Roger Clemens Award, but lost out to Andrew Miller of the University of North Carolina.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Scouts regarded Lincoln as one of the best players eligible for the 2006 draft, and the Pittsburgh Pirates chose him with the fourth overall selection of the first round, with the intention of advancing him through their system quickly. Lincoln received $2.75 million to sign with the Pirates, and almost immediately encountered injury problems. An oblique strain limited him to 24 innings in 2006, and then he had Tommy John surgery on his right arm in April 2007, which sidelined him for the entire year. He first experienced elbow pain while pitching in the Florida Instructional League in late 2006, and then the pain recurred in spring training in 2007, leading to the discovery of the injury and the subsequent operation, performed by Dr. James Andrews in Birmingham, Alabama.
Lincoln returned with the Class A Hickory Crawdads of the South Atlantic League in 2008, and was promoted to the Class A-Advanced Lynchburg Hillcats of the Carolina League at midseason. In 2009, he started 13 games for the Double-A Altoona Curve of the Eastern League with a 1-5 win-loss record and a 2.28 earned run average (ERA). before moving up to the Indianapolis Indians, the Pirates' Triple-A affiliate in the International League in June, 2009. Lincoln started 12 games, compiled a 6-2 record with a 4.70 ERA.
Lincoln made his MLB debut on the mound on June 9, 2010 against the Washington Nationals. He went 6 innings giving up 5 earned runs allowing 2 walks and recording 3 strikeouts. His first strikeout was against John Lannan. He was 6-2 with a 3.16 ERA in 11 starts for Indianapolis prior to that point. Lincoln earned his first Major League victory on June 30, 2010 by pitching a shutout against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. He pitched seven innings, striking out six and walking just one as the Pirates won 2–0.
Lincoln was demoted back to Triple-A after his fourth loss of the season on July 25, 2010 against the San Diego Padres. It marked the third time in four July starts where he allowed 5 or more earned runs, including a night where he was spotted a 9-0 lead to work with after the 1st inning against the Milwaukee Brewers yet failed to get out of the 3rd inning. Pirates General Manager Neal Huntington cited a drop in Lincoln's velocity since he was promoted and that he had strayed from his mechanics.
Lincoln was called back to the majors on July 2, 2011 to pitch in a Game 2 of a Pirates doubleheader against the Nationals. During the game, he pitched six innings and gave Pittsburgh a chance to sweep the doubleheader in front of 39,638 at Nationals Park. However the Pirates bullpen failed to hold on to game allowing the Nationals to a 4–3 rally. The Pirates optioned Lincoln back to Indianapolis the next day, when they recalled Chris Leroux to add depth to the bullpen.
Lincoln started the 2012 season at Triple-A Indianapolis. Lincoln was recalled April 18. For the 2012 season, Lincoln was being used by the Pirates as a long relief or a spot starter. On July 30, 2012, he was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for Travis Snider.
Toronto Blue Jays.
Lincoln made his Blue Jay debut on August 1, 2012, against the Seattle Mariners and threw 1.1 innings without yielding a hit.
Lincoln started the 2013 season with the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons until he was called up by the Blue Jays on April 25. Lincoln was optioned back to the Bisons on April 28 when Adam Lind returned from paternity leave. Lincoln was recalled by the Blue Jays on May 2 when Josh Johnson was placed on the disabled list. On June 8, after pitching four scoreless innings in an 18 inning victory over the Texas Rangers, Lincoln was optioned back to the Buffalo Bisons. Lincoln was recalled on August 3, and optioned back to the Bisons on August 24.
Philadelphia Phillies.
On December 3, 2013, Lincoln was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies for catcher Erik Kratz and pitcher Rob Rasmussen.

</doc>
<doc id="20885648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885648" title="Valeriano López">
Valeriano López

Valeriano López Mendiola (born 4 May 1926 in Casma — died 7 May 1993 in Callao) was a football forward from Peru, nicknamed "Tanque de Casma". Recognized as one of Peru's most important players, he was an all round forward with great finishing, positioning, and heading skills. 
Prolific goalscorer, next to Ferreyra and Friedenreich, have been only the American professional footballers with an average of more than 1 goal per match, having made 207 goals in 199 games of 1946 to his retirement in 1960.
Career.
López's career began with the Peruvian club Sport Boys at the age of 20. He became a prolific goalscorer, winning the Peruvian league top-scorer honor its three first seasons, (1946, 1947 and 1948) with 62 goals scored in 54 matches. After a successful beginning in Peru, in 1949 it is punished to perpetuity for the practice of soccer to escape of the concentration of the Peruvian national team days before the South American Championship of Brazil.
López moved to Colombia club Deportivo Cali and remains one of their most iconic players.

</doc>
<doc id="20885656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885656" title="John Henry Heyer">
John Henry Heyer

John Henry Heyer (March 9, 1831 - May 6, 1905) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders.
Of Dutch descent, Heyer was born in Freehold Township; at the age of seventeen his family moved to Holmdel Township, where he resided. He worked as a blacksmith, a wheelwright and operated a grist mill before going into the flour and feed business in Holmdel. 
In 1868 Heyer was elected to the Board of Chosen Freeholders representing Holmdel and served until 1873. In 1880 he returned to the board and served until 1900. At the May 11, 1887 annual reorganization, he was chosen as Director, succeeding Theodore Fields. He served as Director until 1898, when he was succeeded by John Guire.
Heyer fought in the American Civil War and was captain of Company G of the 29th Regiment. He took part in the Battle of Fredericksburg, Chancellorsville and the Battle of the Wilderness.
John Henry Heyer died of Kidney disease on May 6, 1905, and is buried in Holmdel Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20885665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885665" title="KCNE1L">
KCNE1L

KCNE1-like also known as KCNE1L is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNE1L" gene.
Function.
Voltage-gated potassium (Kv) channels represent the most complex class of voltage-gated ion channels from both functional and structural standpoints. Their diverse functions include regulating neurotransmitter release, heart rate, insulin secretion, neuronal excitability, epithelial electrolyte transport, smooth muscle contraction, and cell volume. This gene encodes a membrane protein that has sequence similarity to the KCNE1 gene product, a member of the potassium channel, voltage-gated, isk-related subfamily.
Clinical significance.
This intronless gene is deleted in AMME contiguous gene syndrome and may be involved in the cardiac and neurologic abnormalities found in the AMME contiguous gene syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="20885667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885667" title="Anna Chepeleva">
Anna Chepeleva

Anna Sergeyevna Chepeleva (, born on June 26, 1984 in Volzhsky, Volgograd Oblast) was an Olympic gymnast at the 2000 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20885675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885675" title="Ballarat Football Club">
Ballarat Football Club

The Ballarat Football Club competes in the Ballarat Football League in the Ballarat region of Victoria, Australia. The club, nicknamed the Swans, has a history dating back to 1860. Ballarat once competed in the Victorian Football Association.
Ballarat played their home matches at City Oval in Ballarat for 88 years, then moved to Alfredton Recreation Reserve in 1994. Ballarat play in a predominately white strip with a red "vee".
Ballarat Football League premierships.
1897, 1898, 1908, 1923, 1928, 1930, 1932, 1933, 1940, 1942, 1943, 1944, 1951, 1954, 1955, 1962, 1971, 1988, 2008
References.
Official Ballarat Football League records
Book.
History of Football in the Ballarat District by John Stoward - ISBN 978-0-9805929-0-0

</doc>
<doc id="20885677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885677" title="Alexander Scott">
Alexander Scott

Alexander Scott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20885754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885754" title="Nizhny Bestyakh">
Nizhny Bestyakh

Nizhny Bestyakh (; ) is an urban locality (a settlement) in Megino-Kangalassky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the east bank of the Lena River, opposite the republic's capital city of Yakutsk. Population: 
History.
The predecessor of Nizhny Bestyakh was called Yarmanka (sometimes Yarmonka or Yarmonga). Here, at the mouth of the Suola River, from about 1750 to 1850 pack horses were loaded for the long journey down to the Okhotsk Coast. A ferry service was founded in 1772 and operated by exiles for five months a year. It was a gathering place for merchants and cargoes bound eastward. There was ample grass for the herds of cattle and pack horses. 
Transportation.
The settlement is the terminus of the only road connection to Yakutsk, the Lena Highway, and is the starting point of the Kolyma Highway, leading to Magadan and the Pacific Ocean coast further east. A ferry allows for transport across the Lena in summer; in winter traffic drives directly across the ice on the frozen river. In spring and autumn, the crossing is not possible due to the movement of ice.
Nizhny Bestyakh was planned to be the terminus of the Amur Yakutsk Mainline; however, plans now call for a road and a rail bridge to be built further upstream, allowing a year-round land transport connection into the city of Yakutsk. In future, Nizhny Bestyakh may find itself on the route for planned extensions of the railway towards Magadan. There are plans to make it a transport hub for northeastern Siberia and eventually grant town status. The railhead for construction of the railway reached Nizhny Bestyakh in late 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20885770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885770" title="2008 Rutgers Scarlet Knights football team">
2008 Rutgers Scarlet Knights football team

After losing star halfback Ray Rice to the NFL Draft, Rutgers faced a rebuilding season. Senior Mike Teel was forced to step up his game at quarterback without being able to rely on Rice so frequently. Rutgers started off very slowly, dropping 5 of the first 6 games, including two to Big East rivals West Virginia and Cincinnati. With dreams of a Big East championship now completely eroded, Rutgers now had to recover to try to at least secure a fourth consecutive bowl berth. Starting with a 12-10 win against Connecticut on homecoming weekend, Rutgers never lost another game. The next week, they posted an impressive 54-34 win over #17 Pittsburgh. They won their next four games, finishing the season 7-5 with a solid 5-2 conference record. Rutgers earned a bowl berth in the PapaJohns.com Bowl, and they won a close game against NC State for their third consecutive bowl win. 

</doc>
<doc id="20885779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885779" title="Eyre Peninsula Railway">
Eyre Peninsula Railway

The Eyre Peninsula Railway is a railway on the Eyre Peninsula of South Australia. The system is isolated from the rest of the South Australian railway network. 
Overview.
The network consists of about 600km of route and carries mainly wheat and gypsum. Genesee and Wyoming Australia (GWA) operate all traffic on the Eyre Peninsula rail network. The railway is separated from the main system, and there has never been any justification for a connection to the main system. 
Iron ore.
With the prospective development of iron ore traffic, a new port at Sheep Hill north of Tumby Bay has been mooted. This would require a 27km branchline from Ungarra and upgrading of the remaining track.

</doc>
<doc id="20885799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885799" title="Manuel Martins">
Manuel Martins

Manuel Joaquim Martins, usually known as Manuel Martins (October 24, 1911 — 1979) was a Brazilian artist that worked with painting, illustration, drawing, engraving, sculpture and embroidery.
Martins was born and died in São Paulo. The son of Portuguese immigrants, he grew up in the industrial suburb of Brás. In 1924, he started to work in embroidery. Started in 1931 artistic studies with the sculptor Vicente Larocca. Then he watched classes in "Escola de Belas Artes de São Paulo". He joined the Santa Helena Group in 1935. The group included Alfredo Volpi, Francisco Rebolo and Fulvio Pennacchi, among others. He shared atelier with Mario Zanini. In 1937 he showed his works of the "Família Artística Paulista", also known as FAP.
During the 60s, he started engravig metal. Parallel to his painting he worked as a book illustrator, as well as a magazine illustrator, working for "O cortiço" and "Bahia de Todos os Santos".
His works convey themes of social concern, including social classes and working life. He classically painted São Paulo landscaped which were treated by the media as examples of "life-reporting".

</doc>
<doc id="20885808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885808" title="Chris Parmelee">
Chris Parmelee

Christopher Matthew Parmelee (born February 24, 1988) is a Major League Baseball right fielder and first baseman for the Minnesota Twins. He stands and weighs , and bats and throws left handed.
Minor league career.
The Twins selected Parmelee with their first round (20th overall) pick in the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft after he hit .407 with 11 home runs and 26 runs batted in (RBIs) as a senior at Chino Hills High School in Chino Hills, California. As soon as the Twins signed Parmelee, he instantly became one of the organizations top power hitting prospects, and was projected to be a potential impact player in the middle of their lineup within the next few years. 
Parmelee began his professional career with the Twins' rookie league affiliate, the Gulf Coast Twins. After batting .279 with eight home runs in 45 games, he earned a promotion to the single-A Beloit Snappers. He returned to Beloit for the 2007 season, where he hit .239 with a team-leading 15 home runs in 128 games. He returned to Beloit again in 2008 due to a glut of outfielders in the Twins farm system. Although he missed a good chunk of the season due to a broken wrist and had the same .239 batting average, he nearly equaled his output from 2007, hitting 14 home runs in just 69 games while increasing his on-base percentage from .313 to .385 and his slugging percentage from .414 to .496.
Parmelee began the 2009 season assigned to the Twins' advanced-A affiliate, the Fort Myers Miracle, with whom he batted .244 with five home runs and 28 RBIs in the first half of the season. He joined teammates David Bromberg, Carlos Gutierrez, Steven Hirschfeld, Spencer Steedley, Daniel Lehmann, Chris Cates, Steve Singleton and Ben Revere as All-stars for the Florida State League's Southern division, and won the home run derby held before the game.
Parmelee started the 2010 season with Fort Myers, but was quickly promoted to the double-A New Britain Rock Cats. In his first season at that level, he batted .275 in 111 games, but his power numbers dipped, as he hit just six home runs. This led to Parmelee returning to New Britain for the 2011 season, where he improved his numbers to a .287 batting average with 13 homers in 142 games.
Major league career.
2011: Major league debut.
After clubbing 74 home runs and driving in 370 runs over six years in the minor leagues, Parmelee received his first call to the majors in September 2011. He, Joe Benson and Liam Hendriks all started for the Twins in their big league debuts on September 6. He hit a single in his first major league at bat to lead off the second, but was stranded at third as the Twins were shut out by Chicago White Sox pitcher Jake Peavy. The following day, he collected his first two major league RBIs with a double to center off John Danks in the Twins' 5-4 victory over the White Sox. On September 17 against the Cleveland Indians, Parmelee went 3-for-3 and hit his first major league home run in the eighth inning off Josh Judy. He finished the year with a .355 average, four home runs and 14 RBI in 21 games.
2012: Up and down.
With the Twins' regular first baseman, Justin Morneau, starting the season as the designated hitter, Parmelee opened the 2012 season with the Twins as their starting first baseman despite not yet having played at triple-A. Morneau was placed on the disabled list in April, but Parmelee struggled as well, batting just .179 and without a home run through mid-May and was optioned to the triple-A Rochester Red Wings on May 16 when Morneau was activated.
Parmelee hit well in his first taste of the highest level of the minor leagues, batting .375 with four homers, and was brought back to the major leagues on June 7. He was returned to the minors on July 5, promoted briefly again while Morneau was on paternity leave in late July, then finally called up for good on August 29. Overall, he had hit .338 at Rochester with 17 home runs in just 64 games, good enough to lead the team. In his major league time, he finished with a .229 average, five home runs and 20 RBI in 64 games.
2013.
With Morneau recovered, the Twins made Parmelee their starting right fielder on Opening Day of the 2013 season. In early May, Parmelee started sharing right field duties with Oswaldo Arcia. Ryan Doumit also got time in right field. Parmelee also got starts at first base filling in for Justin Morneau. At the All-Star break, Parmelee was optioned to Rochester. At the time, Parmelee was hitting .223 with 8 HR and 20 RBI. Playing first base and right field for Rochester, in 45 games, he hit .231 with 3 HR and 22 RBI. On September 9, Parmelee was recalled by the Twins after Rochester's season was over. Parmelee split first base duties with Chris Colabello to finish the season. In 101 games with Minnesota in 2013, Parmelle hit .228 with 8 HR and 24 RBI.

</doc>
<doc id="20885809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885809" title="George Raikes">
George Raikes

Rev. George Barkley Raikes (14 March 1873 – 18 December 1966) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Oxford University and Hampshire as well as representing the England national football team.
Early days.
Raikes was born at Wymondham and was educated at Shrewsbury School. He kept goal for the school team between 1890 and 1892, before going up to Oxford University. At Oxford he won a blue in football in each of the four years from 1893 to 1896.
Cricket career.
Raikes, a middle order batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, played his early first-class cricket at Oxford University where he won his Blue in 1894 and 1895. He joined Hampshire in 1900 and performed well with the bat, making a two half centuries in his first three matches and also scoring a pair of 40s. His brother Ernest and nephew Thomas both played first-class cricket.
The all-rounder was also a successful cricketer in the Minor Counties Championship, where he captained Norfolk. A Championship winning captain in 1905 and 1910, Raikes amassed 3419 runs at 30.80 for them and took 282 wickets at 15.86.
Despite having not played first-class cricket for a decade, Raikes returned in 1912 for a match with an England XI against Australia.
Football career.
A goalkeeper at football, he played at club level for Oxford University, Wymondham Town and Corinthian. Raikes was capped four times for England, making his international debut in a 1–1 draw with Wales in 1895. His three other appearances came in 1896, against Ireland, Wales and Scotland respectively.
There is some dispute over whether or not Raikes captained England in their international against Ireland on 7 March 1896, with Gilbert Smith and Vaughan Lodge the others in the frame. The list provided by the F.A. does not include Raikes as an England captain however both the Irish Saturday Night and The Irish Times gave Raikes the captaincy.
Career in the church.
After being ordained in 1897, he was a curate of Portsea, Portsmouth, the largest parish of the city until 1905 and then chaplain to the Duke of Portland. In 1920 he became Rector of Bergh Apton, remaining one until 1936. Before his death, at the age of 93, Raikes had been one of the oldest living first-class cricketers.

</doc>
<doc id="20885816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885816" title="Today We Are All Demons">
Today We Are All Demons

Today We Are All Demons is an album by the Norwegian Aggrotech band Combichrist. The album is available in both in a one disc and a two disc version. A remixed version (Beneath the World Mix) of the title track can be found on Underworld .
Track listing.
All songs written by Andy LaPlegua. 

</doc>
<doc id="20885824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885824" title="Konzertstück in F minor (Weber)">
Konzertstück in F minor (Weber)

The Konzertstück in F minor for Piano and Orchestra, Op. 79, J. 282, was written by Carl Maria von Weber. He started work on it in 1815, and completed it on the morning of the premiere of his opera "Der Freischütz", 18 June 1821. He premiered it a week later, on 25 June, at his farewell Berlin concert.
The "Konzertstück" started out as a third piano concerto; however, because it is in one continuous movement (in four sections) and has an explicit program, Weber decided not to name it "concerto" but "Konzertstück" (Concert Piece). The score calls for flutes, oboes, clarinets, bassoons, horns, and trumpets in pairs, bass trombone, timpani, and strings. It takes about 17 minutes to perform and a brilliant technique is called for.
On the morning of the "Der Freischütz" premiere, Weber played the Konzertstück through to his wife Caroline and his pupil Julius Benedict, and told them the program:
The theme of a damsel pining for her knight, of separation and joyous return, was one that Ludwig van Beethoven had explored in 1810 in his Piano Sonata No. 26 in E flat "Les Adieux", Op. 81a.
The 12-year old Felix Mendelssohn almost certainly attended the premiere and the piece became a staple of his concert repertoire. He first played it at age 18, on 20 February 1827, in his first public concert, at which his "A Midsummer Night's Dream" Overture was premiered.
Among the technical tricks in the piano-writing are three upward octave glissandi—one in the third movement, and two in the finale.
Franz Liszt took up the idea of a concerto in one continuous movement in his Piano Concerto No. 2 in A major. Liszt also made piano part revised version (S. 367a) and piano solo version of "Konzertstück" (S. 576a).
The "Konzertstück" has been recorded many times and is a favourite of the piano concerto repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="20885832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885832" title="Precursor cell">
Precursor cell

In cytology, a precursor cell, also called a blast cell or simply blast, is a type of partially differentiated, usually unipotent cell
that has lost most or all of the stem cell multipotency.
Usually precursor cell is a stem cell has the capacity to differentiate into only one cell types.
Sometimes "precursor cell" is used as an alternative term for unipotent stem cells.
A blastoma is a type of cancer created by malignancies of precursor cells.
In embryology, precursor cells are group of cells that differentiate later into one organ.
References.
Precursor cell – Britannica Online Encyclopedia

</doc>
<doc id="20885836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885836" title="The Atom Besieged">
The Atom Besieged

The Atom Besieged: Extraparliamentary Dissent in France and Germany is a 1981 book by Dorothy Nelkin and Michael Pollak. This book examines the opposition to nuclear power in France and West Germany in the 1970s, which is assessed as being broadly based and widespread. The authors argue that the basic fear which accounted for the vehemence of the opposition is that nuclear power fundamentally alters the makeup of society.

</doc>
<doc id="20885857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885857" title="Salt Creek Recreation Area">
Salt Creek Recreation Area

Salt Creek Recreation Area is a 196 acre park located about 15 miles west of Port Angeles, Washington on U.S. Route 101 near the city of Joyce, Washington. The park was previously Camp Hayden, a World War II military camp. It was purchased by the Federal General Services Administration after the war. There are still several bunkers available for visiting, two large ones who housed 16" cannons and several smaller ones.
The park now has a number of camping spots, most overlooking the Strait of Juan de Fuca and open all year long. The park provides access to Tongue Point and Striped Peak along with sandy beaches, upland forests, rocky bluffs, and several trails. The recreation area complete with a baseball field, basketball court, picnic shelter, playground, and horseshoe pits is also available for use. Beautiful views are also a big part of Salt Creek such as those from the top of Striped Peak, of Crescent Bay, of the Strait, and of Vancouver Island, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20885860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885860" title="Genuflect (band)">
Genuflect (band)

Genuflect is a band from Boston, Massachusetts composed of former members of Reveille. Genuflect's lyrical message lashes out against social, political and economic corruption. The band formed in 2005 and released LPs in 2007 and 2009. They went into hiatus in 2011, however Genuflect reformed in August 2013 and are currently working on new music and future tour plans. A release date for their new music has not been set. 
"The End of the World", "The Shadow Side" and Hiatus (2005-2011).
In 2005, former founding Reveille members reunited to form Genuflect. The band was a new project by Drew Simollardes and Greg Sullivan, the vocalist and the guitarist respectively, from the national act Reveille, who previously toured on Ozzfest with Pantera, Soulfly and Disturbed; and also toured nationally with Sevendust, Static-X, Godsmack, Powerman 5000, Kid Rock, and Machine Head.
Genuflect has released two full-length albums to date. Their debut record "The End of the World" was released in 2007, and was followed by "The Shadow Side", released in 2009. Genuflect headlined national tours in 2008 and again in 2009 promoting their two albums to a loyal underground fan following. The band went on hiatus in 2011.
Press (2007).
"Genuflect is wired for political and social agitation. Song after song (Genuflect) picks a target and unloads. The misleading politicking that set the stage for the war in Iraq, the sex scandals involving members of the clergy, the idea of terrorists killing in the name of God, and the social decay brought on by a culture overfed on celebrity news but starved of meaningful discussion are some of the topics raised on 'The End of the World' ... a relentlessly hard-sounding album." -The Worcester Telegram and Gazette.
"Genuflect...is less rap and more metal than Reveille, but stays true to the hardcore sound that gave Reveille its edge. Street-smart songs such as 'Potent' and 'Kill Shot' delve into societal ills like crime and drugs with genuine passion and explosiveness. Could a rap-rock resurgence be upon us?" -The Boston Herald 
Reunion and "New Album" (2013-Current).
Genuflect reunited in August 2013, and has begun writing a new album. 

</doc>
<doc id="20885881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885881" title="Ola Jonsson">
Ola Jonsson

Ola Jonsson (born 3 November 1966, in Stockholm, Sweden), is a former professional tennis player from Sweden. He enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 2 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 2 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 90 in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20885885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885885" title="Ayman Mohyeldin">
Ayman Mohyeldin

Ayman Mohyeldin (, ; born April 18, 1979) is an Egyptian-American journalist based in Los Angeles for NBC. Previously he worked for Al Jazeera and CNN, Ayman was one of the first western journalists allowed to enter and report on the handing over and trial of the deposed President of Iraq Saddam Hussein by the Iraqi Interim Government for crimes against humanity. More recently, Ayman has covered the Gaza War as well as the Arab Spring.
Early life.
Mohyeldin was born in Cairo, Egypt to an Egyptian father, and a Palestinian mother. He grew up in Egypt, and the United States. He has lived extensively in the Arab World with two years in Iraq (2003–2005) as a foreign news producer with CNN. Mohyeldin received his undergraduate education at American University in Washington D.C., earning a BA in International Relations with a focus on the European Union. He received an MA in International Politics with a focus on Peace and Conflict Resolution. His graduate thesis was entitled "The News Media Paradigm in the War on Terrorism" was accepted by the International Association of Media Researcher's Conference in Barcelona, Spain (2002)
Career.
Mohyeldin began his career in journalism working at NBC, as a desk assistant for the Washington D.C. bureau. Mohyeldin first major assignments happened shortly after 9/11. In an interview with PRWeek, Ayman describes the opportunities that arose in the aftermath of 9/11: "There was a real shortage of people with language skills or expertise in the Middle East. Just because of my language skills and the timing, so to speak, I got a lot of experience. I was thrown into a mix of things that normally desk assistants at my level would not have gotten. I started working on some big pieces that had to do with investigating 9/11 and all kinds of international terrorist connections... I was doing translation mostly, but I was also developing themes or threads to stories that either had some Middle East connection to them or some type of Arabic language skills required. So it was an unbelievable experience at a really young age."
Mohyeldin's coverage of major news events in the Arab World and Middle East include the Iraq War, the first multi-candidate presidential Egyptian elections in 2005, Israel's withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and the 2005 Palestinian elections in the Gaza Strip. He has covered the Sharm al-Sheikh resort bombing (July 2005) and the Jordan Hotel bombings (November 2005).
As a producer, Mohyeldin became the first journalist to enter one of Libya's nuclear research facilities after producing Col. Muammar al-Gaddafi's first interview announcing Libya would abandon all WMD programs. Mohyeldin's work in the CNN documentary "Iraq:progress report" about the daily struggles of Iraqis during the war was nominated for an Emmy Award. He served as an associate producer for the NBC News Special that also received Emmy nominations for "Ship at War: Inside the Carrier Stennis" and "Inside the Real West Wing." Mohyeldin has also covered the annual Muslim Pilgrimage (Hajj) to Mecca and was involved in the production of CNN specials "Islam: The Struggle Within" and "Hajj: A Spiritual Journey."
In 2008-2009, Mohyeldin covered the Israeli attack on Gaza. He became the first journalist to report on the intricate network of tunnels that were once used for smuggling of weapons and people across the Egyptian-Gaza border and are now a vital route into Gaza for medicine, food and fuel supplies.
2011 Egyptian revolution.
Mohyeldin covered the 2011 Egyptian Revolution for Al Jazeera English. On January 28, 2011, Ayman broadcast from the Al Jazeera news building in Cairo for several hours straight, reporting on the Egyptian protests as protesters and Egyptian police battled for control of the 6th October Bridge. On January 30, Anis El Fekki of the Egyptian Interior Ministry revoked Al Jazeera's broadcast license and forced the closure of their Cairo bureau, claiming the network was conspiring with opposition groups to overthrow the government. Ayman was one of five Al Jazeera journalists arrested and briefly detained by Egyptian authorities the following day, after the network refused to cease broadcasting upon the loss of their accreditation.
On February 6, 2011, Mohyeldin was again arrested by the Egyptian military upon trying to enter Tahrir square. He was released nine hours later.
On September 20, 2011, Mohyeldin joined NBC, where his career began. 
In January 2012, Mohyeldin traveled to Syria to cover the months-old uprising. Among the cities he visited was Daraa.

</doc>
<doc id="20885889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885889" title="Serrana">
Serrana

Serrana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20885924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885924" title="Frances England">
Frances England

Frances England is a children's musician from San Francisco, CA. Her style of music is generally described as Indie and/or Folk. In 2006, England wrote and recorded her first album of songs entitled "Fascinating Creatures" as a fundraiser for her son's preschool - the album went on to be the sole recipient of the 2007 Oppenheim Platinum Award for Music. Her 2nd CD, "Family Tree" was released in 2008 and received the Gold Parent's Choice Award and the Gold Nappa Award for 2008. Her 3rd and 4th albums, "Mind of My Own" (2011) and "Blink of an Eye" (2013) also received Gold Parent's Choice Awards. 
England occasionally plays live shows in the San Francisco Bay Area with guitarist Tim Thurman and drummer Jeff Koch. Her first album, Fascinating Creatures, was produced and recorded by a relative, Billy Riggs, of the Billy Riggs Band.
External links.
http://fidsandkamily.blogspot.com/2013/10/the-best-kids-and-family-music-of-2013.html

</doc>
<doc id="20885934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885934" title="Lake Wendouree Football Club">
Lake Wendouree Football Club

The Lake Wendouree Football Netball Club competes in the Ballarat Football League. The club, known as The Lakers was a result of a merger of the Wendouree Football Club and the Ballarat YCW Football Club at the end of 1994. Lake Wendouree Football Club competed in the Ballarat Football League for the first time in 1995. The club was runners up in their second season and played finals every year for the first six seasons.
Home Ground.
The Lakers play their home matches at C.E. Brown Reserve, Ballarat North.
History.
Wendouree Football Club.
Wendouree football club was reformed in 1946 and competed in district competitions around Ballarat before being a founding member of the Central Highlands Football League in 1979. The club won senior premierships in 1947, 1949, 1963, 1971, 1972, 1973, and 1983.
Ballarat YCW Football Club.
Competed in senior competition between 1946 and 1949. The club concentrated on filling junior competitions until their merger in 1994.
References.
Official Ballarat Football League records
Book.
History of Football in the Ballarat District by John Stoward - ISBN 978-0-9805929-0-0

</doc>
<doc id="20885937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885937" title="SV-Hochhaus">
SV-Hochhaus

The Hochhaus Süddeutscher Verlag (short: SV-Hochhaus) in the quarter of Berg am Laim in Munich serves as headquarters of the Süddeutscher Verlag which publishes the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
The skyscraper by architect Oliver Kühn was initially planned with a height of 145 meters but had to be rescheduled after himself has expressed a Munich petition for a height limit of 99 meters outside the Middle Ring. The tower has now reached an official building height of 99.95 meters. The building has 28 above-ground floors. Overall, it has a gross floor area of 78,400 sqm, with 51,200 m² are above ground and 27,200 meters underground. Since the gross floor area should change by the reprogramming did not, was the high-rise, although much lower, but a lot wider than the original draft. In the basement, a garage is provided with 553 parking spaces. The building was constructed with a delay from 2006 to 2007 and reaches only 103 meters (99,95 meters without the superstructures).
On the opposite side of the street is Hultschiner since 1985, the printing of the publisher.
The first stone was laid on May 19, 2006. In December 2007 the Süddeutsche Verlag sold the building to the Munich-based pre-REIT company Prime Office and rented it back for 15 years. In November 2008 the business was transferred from the publisher of the Black House in Munich's old town in the high-rise. The publisher is concentrated where 1850 jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="20885948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885948" title="Jackson Central-Merry High School">
Jackson Central-Merry High School

Jackson Central-Merry High School (also known as Jackson Central High School or JCM) is a public four-year high school located in Jackson, Tennessee, USA. Jackson Central-Merry was once the largest high school in West Tennessee outside Memphis.
History.
The school was formed in 1970 as a consolidation of predominantly white Jackson High School and predominantly black Merry High School. It was the first integrated high school in Jackson. The former Jackson High became the new school's "west campus" and the former Merry High became the "east campus." The school initially taught students in grades 10, 11 and 12. Freshmen students were added after the Jackson city school system consolidated with the Madison County system in the early 1990s.
Three city junior high schools (now middle schools) originally fed into JCM: Tigrett Junior High School, Jackson Junior High School and Parkway Junior High School. The school mascot is the Cougar. School colors are green and gold.
In 2003, the west campus became Madison Academic Magnet High School. Jackson Central-Merry was then entirely housed on the former east campus. Oman Arena is located between both campuses.
Jackson Central-Merry Academy of Medical Technology Magnet High School.
JCM was awarded the High School Redesign Grant, which provided $1.5 million over a three-year period to create the Jackson Central-Merry Academy of Medical Technology Magnet High School program, which was completed in 2010.
Beginning in the 2010-11 school year, Jackson Central-Merry High School began offering a health science magnet school program. The program is intended to help incoming freshmen become certified in a healthcare related area upon the completion of high school.
The program curriculum focuses on advancing one of four fields of study:

</doc>
<doc id="20885970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885970" title="1973 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1973 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1973 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1973 college football season. The Irish, coached by Ara Parseghian, ended the season undefeated with 11 wins and no losses, winning the national championship. The Fighting Irish won the title by defeating the previously unbeaten and No. 1 ranked Alabama Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl by a score of a 24-23. The 1973 squad became the ninth Irish team to win the national title and the second under Coach Parseghian. Although Notre Dame finished No. 1 in the AP Poll to claim the AP national title, they were not awarded the Coaches' title, since Alabama was awarded the Coaches' Poll title before the bowl season.
Season.
Ara Parseghian's second national title team was led by its relentless rushing attack. Fullback Wayne Bullock (750 yards), halfback Art Best (700 yards), halfback Eric Penick (586 yards) and quarterback Tom Clements (360 yards) comprised one of the fastest Irish backfields, with Peneck and Best clocking in under 10 seconds in the 100-yard dash. The Irish started the season strong, amassing large margins of victory over Northwestern, Rice and Army to set up a highly anticipated contest with No. 6 and unbeaten USC. USC came into the contest riding a 23 game unbeaten streak, and USC's star tailback Anthony Davis ran over the Irish the previous year for 6 touchdowns in a 45-23 Trojan victory. Moreover, Parseghian had not outright beaten USC since the 1966. The Irish defense responded to the challenge, limiting Davis to 55 yards on 19 carries. The star tailback of the day was Notre Dame's Penick, who ran for 118 yards, 50 more than the entire Trojan team. The Irish won the contest 23-14 and won its remaining games. After Notre Dame accepted the Sugar Bowl bid, the stage was set to determine the national championship. Alabama was awarded the UPI title before the bowl season, but it was Notre Dame that won it on the field, winning 24-23 in a thriller that had six lead changes. Notre Dame jumped to a 6-0 lead, but Alabama answered with a Randy Billingsley 6-yard touchdown run. After Al Hunter scored on a 93-yard kick off return, Alabama scored 10 straight points. In the fourth quarter, three turnovers occurred in 90 seconds, with Alabama coming out on top and capitalizing on a halfback pass from Mike Stock to quarterback Richard Todd for a 25-yard touchdown to take a slim 23-21 lead, but the Tide missed the crucial extra point. Notre Dame responded, with Tom Clements driving the Irish 79 yards in 11 plays and setting up a potential field goal on a clutch 15-yard pass to tight end Dave Casper. Irish kicker Bob Thomas kicked the extra point to give the Irish a slim 24-23 victory and the AP national title.
Post-season.
Award winners.
All-Americans
College Football Hall of Fame inductees

</doc>
<doc id="20885981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885981" title="Wolfgang Brinkmann">
Wolfgang Brinkmann

Wolfgang Brinkmann (born 23 May 1950) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the West German team at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20885988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885988" title="Charles M. Wyckoff">
Charles M. Wyckoff

Charles Morford Wyckoff (October 23, 1865 - January 28, 1926) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who served on the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders.
Biography.
Of Dutch descent, Wyckoff was born in Middletown Township, the son of David Wyckoff and Elmira Morford. His family moved to Freehold Township while he was a child. As an adult, he settled in Marlboro Township.
Charles Wyckoff was elected to the Board of Chosen Freeholders in the Democratic landslide of 1910, and served from 1911 through 1921. Elected again in the 1922 general election, he served one more three-year term, leaving the board in 1925.
He served as Director of the Board for the years 1917 and 1918. While on the Board of Freeholders, Wyckoff was a strong advocate for the construction of the Monmouth County Tuberculosis Hospital.
Freeholder Wyckoff was a member of the Freehold Baptist Church and the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks.
Wyckoff died of pneumonia on January 28, 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20885991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20885991" title="Oxacephem">
Oxacephem

An oxacephem is a molecule similar to a cephem, but with oxygen substituted for the sulfur. They are synthetically made compounds and have not been discovered in nature.
An example is moxalactam.
Another example is flomoxef.

</doc>
<doc id="20886018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886018" title="University of Culture, Mandalay">
University of Culture, Mandalay

The University of Culture, Mandalay, (, ), located in Patheingyi, Mandalay, is one of two performing and visual arts universities in Myanmar. The university offers bachelor's degree programs in traditional Burmese performing and visual arts. Qualified students may continue post-graduate studies at the University of Culture, Yangon. The university's primary language of instruction is in English, and it accepts foreign students.
History.
The university was founded in 2001 in Patheingyi, Mandalay on a campus.
Programs.
The university offers Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree programs in four disciplines: music, dramatic arts, painting and sculpture. Duration of study is three years for B.A. degrees and four years (full time) for B.A. (Hons) degrees in their respective specializations. Each student is required to complete compulsory academic subjects such as English, Burmese literature, mathematics, and cultural science and history. The teaching medium is in English for most courses, except for Burmese literature.
Post-graduate studies in the above subjects as well as in Museology, Applied Archaeology and Computer Arts are available only at the University of Culture, Yangon.
Admissions.
All students who passed the university entrance examination and age under 20 may apply. The university also accepts foreign students with an interest to study or do research in Burmese culture (e.g., Burmese dance, sculpture and traditional Burmese musical instruments, etc.)
The number of students admitted annually is 200, 50 students for each major.

</doc>
<doc id="20886024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886024" title="Dirk Hafemeister">
Dirk Hafemeister

Dirk Hafemeister (born 17 April 1958 in Berlin) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the West German team at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20886042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886042" title="R. Beers Loos">
R. Beers Loos

Richard Beers Loos (October 4, 1860 – March 6, 1944), was an American journalist and newspaper publisher. Loos was the father of Anita Loos, a famous American playwright and author who wrote, among other titles, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes". Loos most often used the shortened form of his name for official work: R. Beers Loos. Anita Loos was born to Richard Beers Loos and Minnie Ellen Smith while the family lived near Sisson, California (today Mount Shasta). At that time, Loos owned a local newspaper called the "Sisson Mascot".
Most accounts indicate that Loos moved from Sisson to San Francisco in 1892. Loos whereabouts on December 5 that year are exactly known, witnessed by primary sources. On that date, Loos penned a letter in response to then Governor of California, H. H. Markham, to present facts and opinion regarding a local murder case. Markham had evidently solicited information from Loos after receiving letters both in favor of and against the pardon of the inmate charged with the crime, Frank Cochran, who was being held at San Quentin prison. The date line of the letter reads "Sisson" and end of the letter reads "Sisson Mascot," seemingly indicating he still had an interest in the Northern California newspaper as of late 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="20886054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886054" title="Discrimination learning">
Discrimination learning

In psychology, discrimination learning is the process by which animals or people learn to make different responses to different stimuli. It was a classic topic in the psychology of learning from the 1920s to the 1970s, and was particularly investigated within:
While interest in the learning of discriminations has continued in all those fields, from about 1980 onwards the phrase "discrimination learning" was used less often as the main description either of individual studies or of a field of investigation. Instead, investigations of the learning of discriminations have tended to be described in other terms such as pattern recognition or concept discrimination. This change partly reflects the increasing diversity of studies of discrimination, and partly the general expansion of the topic of cognition within psychology, so that learning is not now the central organizing topic that it was in the mid-20th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="20886063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886063" title="Gil Dodds">
Gil Dodds

Gilbert Lothair Dodds (June 23, 1918 – February 3, 1977), called "The Flying Parson", was an American distance runner and athlete. In the 1940s, he held the American and world records for the mile run. He was awarded the James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States in 1943.
When in race condition, Dodds weighed and stood tall.
Biography.
Gilbert Lothair Dodds was born in Norcatur, Kansas, one of five children and the son of Rev. and Mrs. J. G. Dodds. His minister father was half English and half Irish; his mother was of German ancestry.
The family moved to Falls City, Nebraska when Rev. Dodds became the minister at Falls City Brethren Church. Gil Dodds attended Falls City High School, where he became a distance runner, coached by Lloyd Hahn, a runner in the 1924 Summer Olympics who lived nearby. Dodds never lost a race in high school. In 1935, he entered two events at a track meet in Peru, Nebraska and won both, setting state records in the mile (4:49.6) and half-mile (2:09.5), breaking the old records by 13.4 and 4.5 seconds, respectively. He was the state champion in the mile race in 1935, 1936 and 1937 and held the state record at 4:28.1 when he graduated in 1937. As a junior in high school, he developed a hernia while playing tennis; for the rest of his running career, he wore a truss while running to protect himself.
He attended Ashland University (class of 1941), Gordon Divinity School and Wheaton College and had a winning steak of 39 races. On November 25, 1940, Dodds took his first national championship when he won the NCAA Men's Cross Country Championship in East Lansing, Michigan. Dodds was the AAU indoor mile champion in 1942, 1944, and 1947. Outdoors he set the American mile record of 4:06.5 in 1943 in Boston, finishing second to Sweden's Gunder Hägg.
On March 11, 1944, Dodds broke the world indoor record for the mile run at the annual Knights of Columbus track meet in Madison Square Garden, New York City. His time of 4:07.2 broke the old record by 0.1 second, which was jointly held by Glenn Cunningham, Charles Fenske and Leslie MacMitchell. One week later, Dodds lowered his own world indoor mile record to 4:06.4 at Chicago Stadium on March 18, 1944.
Known as "The Flying Parson", he graduated from seminary in 1945 and retired from running to be a full-time minister.
In 1947, he resumed running with the goal of making the
1948 Olympic team. In January 1948, he won his third Wanamaker Mile in 4:05.3, a career best time and the third time he had broken the world indoor record for the mile. One week before the Olympic Trials, he caught the mumps and injured his Achilles tendon and could not run the qualifying meet. He went on to work with the new "Youth for Christ" youth organization and became the track and cross country coach at Wheaton College (1945–1959).
Ministry.
As part of his ministry, Dodds used a personal story to explain the Scripture verse Hebrews 12:1, "... let us strip off every weight that slows us down, especially the sin that so easily hinders our progress, and run with endurance the race that lies before us."
“Runner Gil Dodds was once preparing for a race. After a series of stretching exercises, Dodd ran several warm-up laps around the track. Just before the race began, he quickly changed into some other track shoes.
One of the onlookers asked why he was changing shoes. Dodds tossed to the inquirer one of his warm-up shoes. Then one of his racing shoes. The man was still puzzled. There was no detectable difference in the two shoes. Both looked the same. Both seemed to weigh the same. Then Dodds explained. There indeed was a difference. The warm-up shoes were slightly heavier than his racing shoes. Though only a small difference, saving even that much weight for the race could spell the difference between victory and defeat.”
Personal life.
Dodds married Erma Louise Seeger, whom he met at Falls City High School. They had four children; Jack, Michael, Jan, and Joel.
Awards and honors.
Dodds was awarded the James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States in 1943. He was inducted into the Nebraska High School Sports Hall of Fame in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20886064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886064" title="Quina Brook">
Quina Brook

Quina Brook is a hamlet in north Shropshire, near the border between England and Wales.
Quina Brook was the final destination of an arm of the Ellesmere Canal. This arm was originally going to terminate at Prees. The arm is now known as the Press Branch of the Llangollen Canal, and is navigavable for about a mile to Whixall Marina, the following 3/4 mile is still followable on the towpath as it passes through Prees Branch Canal Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20886068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886068" title="Jacques-Désiré">
Jacques-Désiré

Jacques-Désiré is a given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20886079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886079" title="Stillman Tigers football">
Stillman Tigers football

The Stillman Tigers football team represents Stillman College in the NCAA Division II, competing as part of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. Stillman plays its home games at the 9,000 seat Stillman Stadium, which is located on-campus in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Although only fielding a team since the 1999 season, Stillman previously fielded a team that was disbanded following the 1950 season.
History.
Stillman originally fielded a football squad for the 1922 season, and would compete on and off through its abandonment following the 1950 season. By 1999, the football program was revived and on September 4, 1999, the Tigers were defeated by Arkansas-Monticello 30–7 in the first Stillman game since 1950. Competing as a Division III Independent though the 2003 season, Stillman would revive its rivalry game with Miles College in 2001 as the Steel City Classic. The Tigers would enter the 2003 season as a Division II Independent, and compete as an Independent through the 2005 season when Stillman was admitted to the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference in football.
Following the 2008 season, Greg Thompson was fired as head coach, and on December 3, 2008, L. C. Cole was announced as the program's third head coach since the reinstatement of the program in 1999. In the 2009 NFL Draft, the Detroit Lions drafted defensive tackle Sammie Hill, the first player from Stillman to be drafted. He is also the second to play in the NFL from Stillman after Brian Witherspoon was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an undrafted free agent in 2008. Following the 2010 season, Cole was fired as head coach, and on December 3, 2010, Stillman alumnus Teddy Keaton was announced as the program's fourth head coach since the reinstatement of the program in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20886110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886110" title="Jordan Company">
Jordan Company

The Jordan Company (TJC) is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and management buyout investments in smaller middle-market companies across a range of industries.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 1982. The Jordan Company was founded by John W. Jordan II, prior to which he spent nine years Carl Marks & Co., a merchant banking firm. 
Since its founding, the firm has completed over 90 investments and raised approximately $6 billion of investor commitments across its two Jordan Resolute funds and older pledge vehicles. Jordan's 2002 fund raised $1.5 billion of commitments and its second fund in 2007 raised $3.6 billion of capital.
Among the dozens of current and prior investments completed by TJC are the following: American Safety Razor, Carmike Cinemas, Fannie May, Great American Cookie, Harvey Gulf, Lepage's Industries, Lincoln Industrial Corporation, Newflo Corporation, RockShox, Rockwood Industries, TAL International Group, Universal Technical Institute and Vivid Imaginations.

</doc>
<doc id="20886116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886116" title="Manors Power Station">
Manors Power Station

Manors Power Station or the Tramways Generating Station is a former coal-fired power station located in the Manors district of the city centre of Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear in North East England. The station's turbine hall and other remaining buildings are Grade II listed.
History.
The station was commissioned by the Newcastle Corporation to supply electricity to the Newcastle Corporation Tramways system, that was in the process of electrification, and to contain the organisation's offices. Construction of the station was initially delayed by a bricklayer's strike, but laying of the building's foundations commenced on 14 January 1900. The construction of the station was completed in 1904.
The station generated electricity until 1936. The origins of this action dated from the 1920s. A Parliamentary report by Lord Weir led to The Electricity (Supply) Act 1926 (repealed 1989), which created the Central Electricity Board and the National Grid operating at 132 kV (50 Hz). Manors Power Station was deemed too small in generating capacity and its associated plant operated at 40 Hz, thus it suffered the same fate of many other municipal power stations and ceased generation.
However, it was still retained for electrical function. The introduction of the Newcastle Corporation's trolleybus system, together with the commissioning of new electrically-driven cranes on the Corporation-owned Newcastle Quayside in the 1930s, turned the Manors site into the central control point for the many suburban substations used by the trolleybuses. These substations took the 6 kV AC distributed from Manors and transformed and rectified this to the 550 V DC used by the trolleybuses and rapidly diminishing tram fleet. Manors itself became a substation and supplied the city centre area with the DC power for the trolleybuses and Quayside cranes. The electrically-operated lifts used on the Tyne Bridge were supplied by Manors station.
Operations.
The coal burned in the station's boilers was delivered to the station by rail from Trafalgar South Yard, on the East Coast Main Line at Argyle Street. From here the hoppered waggons were moved along a high timber and steel tressle from which they could discharge the coal directly into bunkers above the boilers. From these bunkers it was fed by automatic weighing machines into automatic stokers.
Circulating water used in the station's surface condensers was taken from the River Tyne, which was around from the station and at around below the level of the station's engines. A pump house was located on the river's quay wall, for pumping water up to the station. Two diameter pipes ran between the station and the pump house, one for sending water up to the station, the other for discharging it back into the river.
Design and specification.
The station was designed by architect Benjamin Simpson. Its engine and boiler house are large ornate steel framed, brick clad buildings, decoarated with stained glass and panneling.
In the station's boiler house were eight Lancashire boilers, each long and in diameter. They were fitted with economisers and natural draught, working at a pressure of 160 psi. Flue gasses from the boilers were discharged through a tall brick built chimney.
In the station's engine house were three marine-type reciprocating steam engines, fitted with Corliss valves, surface condensers and Edward air pumps. Two of the engines had a rating of 1,000 horsepower (HP), while the third had a rating of 2,000 HP. Each engine was directly connected to a DC dynamo, which produced electricity at a pressure of 500 Volts (V). From here electricity was provided for the Newcastle Corporation Tramways system via a large switch board at the station. The same switchboard also fed power to the arc lighting in the city.
The technology being used at the station was considered to be obsolete at the time of opening and the original prime movers were replaced in 1908 by four Parsons turbo generators.
Post-closure and present.
The station was used as an air-raid shelter during the Second World War. After cessation of its electrical function for the Corporation's trolleybus system in October 1966, the City Lighting department continued to used the building as a maintenance centre. The high turbine hall was stripped of its electrical plant and was used as an indoor car park. During the construction of the city's Metro system in the 1970s, a full size mock up Metro station was constructed in the turbine hall for training purposes. The building then passed into the ownership of Stagecoach, who used it as their regional headquarters. The building was then bought by Christian group City Church. It has been used as a meeting place by the group since October 1997, and has been renamed The CastleGate. The renovation began in May 2000, and was completed 18 months later, with the inaugural service on 3 November 2001. A overhead crane, capable of lifting up to , is still in place in the turbine hall. As well as this, old tiles, metal galleries where workers kept check on the turbines, and old stained glass windows depicting trams, have all been kept. The building was extended in 2002, with the construction of the Generator Studios office space. This was further expanded with the construction of Generator2. Construction work began in March 2008, with completion expected for 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20886117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886117" title="Genetics Institute, Inc.">
Genetics Institute, Inc.

Genetics Institute, Inc. was a biotechnology research and development company founded by Thomas Maniatis and Mark Ptashne, two Harvard molecular biologists, in 1980 in Massachusetts. Originally operating out of Ptashne's house in Boston, the company found more spacious quarters first in Boston and then Cambridge before expanding further. Gabriel Schmergel joined soon afterwards as CEO.
Many leading scientists joined G.I. from academia and it proved to be a fertile source of patents for some time.
Historical background.
One of the two largest national clusters of biotechnology in the U.S. (the other being the San Francisco Bay area), the greater Boston area has been the birthplace of many innovative corporations and non-profit research centers.
Beginning in the late 1970s and 1980s, this biotech trend saw three early large for-profit corporations: Biogen (now Biogen Idec), Genzyme, and Genetics Institute. MIT's Whitehead Institute was one of the seminal non-profit research centers in this field locally, among many others. Aside from MIT, Harvard, Boston University and several teaching hospitals including Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women's were important contributors to the local field's development.
Products.
G.I.'s Products (or potential candidates for products) included forms of M-CSF, interleukin-3, interleukin-11 (Neumega), bone morphogenetic protein 2, and recombinant human Factor VIII (Recombinate); as well as tissue plasminogen activator and erythropoetin that both involved costly, complex lawsuits over patent infringement with competitors.
Toward the end of its independent existence, G.I. created a program to share "a library of several thousand genes and their related proteins that could be scanned for potential new drugs."
This program was based on a G.I. technology that allowed it to identify proteins secreted by cells and therefore more likely to be therapeutic in the body.
Dissolution.
Wyeth (American Home Products at the time) acquired a majority interest in GI in 1992 and the remaining interest at the end of 1996. The company became part of Wyeth's Research division.

</doc>
<doc id="20886123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886123" title="Shift resistor">
Shift resistor

Shift resistor may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20886152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886152" title="Rob MacCachren">
Rob MacCachren

Rob MacCachren (born March 24, 1965) is an American off-road racer from Las Vegas, Nevada. He raced the Mickey Thompson Stadium Series early in his career and went on to win championships in Championship Off-Road Racing (CORR), SCORE International, SODA, and Best in the Desert (BITD). MacCachren won his 200th event at Crandon International Off-Road Raceway at the 2012 World Championship Pro 2 race. He has won 20 championships during his racing career, including three BorgWarner World Championships and the 2008 CORR Pro-2 championship. He drives the Rockstar Energy Drink Ford Trophy Truck in SCORE and the Rockstar Energy Drink Pro 2 Unlimited in LOORRS. He is a 2011 inductee in the Off-road Motorsports Hall of Fame.
Career.
1980s.
MacCachren, the son of an off-road racer, began racing dirt bikes in the terrain around Las Vegas, winning the 1973 Nevada State Motorcycle Championship as an eight-year-old.
He raced off-road in Southern Nevada Off-Road Enthusiasts (SNORE) in 1982, winning the Driver of the Year points and being named "Rookie of the Year" by the Nevada Motorsports Writers Association. In 1983 he was nominated for the Nevada Sports Writers Association's "Top Off-Road Driver" and in the following year for their "Competitor of the Year". In 1985 he won six straight SNORE events on his way to winning the season championship. That same year he won the Triple Crown at the Silver Dust Racing Association. 
In 1986, MacCachren won his second SNORE championship. He also began competing in SCORE International, and was nominated for SCORE's Rookie of the Year award. The following year MacCachren captured his third SNORE championship, as well as winning Driver of the Year awards in SCORE International and High Desert Racing Association (HDRA). In 1989, MacCachren raced in HDRA/SCORE, winning both the Class 7S division for light pickup trucks and the mini metal championship.
1990s.
MacCachren won HDRA/SCORE's 7S and mini metal classes again in 1991 and was nominated for their Driver of the Year award. He competed in the final season of the Mickey Thompson Entertainment Group (MTEG) Grand National Sport Trucks Series in 1994. The same season he became the first Desert Trophy Truck Champion for Venable Racing. He followed up the championship by winning MTEG's first Thunder Truck championship in 1995. At SODA's nationally televised events, he took the Governor's Cup at Crandon en route to winning the Class 4 season championship for 4-wheel-drive Trophy Trucks. He also won SNORE's Class 1 / 2 1600 buggy championship, set the qualifying record for CORR's Borg Warner World Championship race, and won CORR's Winter Series championship. By that time CORR had replaced SODA as the top short course in the nation. In 1999, he won the BorgWarner World Championship race at Crandon.
2000s.
In 2000, MacCachren won the first of three consecutive Governor's BorgWarner World Championship Shootout races. The following year, he competed in SNORE, SCORE, and CORR. In SNORE, he was the overall and class champion. He also won the Best in the Desert 7300 championship. In SCORE, he was the overall champion and won the class 1 / 2 — 1600 championship. In CORR, he took the Governor's Cup championship at Crandon's Spring Brush Run and the Pro-4 Borg Warner championship at Crandon's World Championships on Labor Day weekend en route to winning the 2002 Pro-4 championship. For his performance that season, he was awarded the Toyota True Grit Award and the AARWBA (American Auto Racing Writers and Broadcasters Association) award. His 2003 season ended with a SNORE class championship and a Pro 1600 Class 1 / 2 — 1600 Series Championship.
In 2003 MacCachren and fellow Mexican driver Gus Vildósola took the overall win on board of the #4 Vildosola Racing Trophy Truck during the 2003 San Felipe 250.
MacCachren was nominated for the AARWBA award in 2004 after winning the Laughlin Class Championships (1 / 2 — 1600 & Class 12) and SCORE's Laughlin Leap Championship, with his pit crew helping him win the SCORE Laughlin Pit Crew Challenge Championship. In 2005, he won the AARWBA award after capturing the Best in the Desert Class 7300 Championship.
MacCachren won his first overall SCORE championship in 2007 after winning three of six events. In 2007, he won 12 events in two CORR classes, adding four SCORE and BITD wins. For the 40th annual Baja 1000, he and co-driver/team owner Mark Post teamed up with CORR driver Carl Renezeder to take the overall race, completing the course in 25 hours, 21 minutes and 25 seconds to win by only six minutes. It was the first time that a Trophy Truck had the overall win in the 13 years that the class has competed in the event. Motorcycles frequently beat trophy trucks and buggies in the event that traverses the Baja California peninsula from Ensenada to Cabo San Lucas. It was his first overall win in desert off-road racing's premiere event after his class wins between 1992 and 2004. With the win, MacCachren and Post became the first trophy truck drivers to take SCORE's overall season points championship.
During the 2008 season, MacCachren competed in CORR in the Pro-2 and Pro Buggy divisions, winning the season championship in both divisions. CORR folded at the end of the season, so he raced in the new Traxxas TORC Series in 2009. He returned to SNORE and needed to win several races at the Mint 400 racing weekend to have a chance at winning the championship. MacCachren ended up winning four of five races, missing one event that conflicted with his TORC schedule, and won the 1600 car class at the event in seventh place overall behind trophy trucks and Class 1 cars.
2010s.
After decades of winning in the desert, MasterCraft Racing offered MacCachren the opportunity to pilot his own Jimco Trophy Truck as driver of record for the entire SCORE International series. At the 2011 San Felipe 250 MacCachren took the Trophy Truck class win and overall victory with a margin of 44 seconds and a total time of 4:17.45 (58.7MPH). Later in the 2011 SCORE season, MacCachren won the San Felipe Challenge of Champions. These victories, combined with his fourth place finish at the Laughlin Desert Challenge, 9th place finish at the Baja 500, and 11th place finish at the Baja 1000 allowed MacCachren to finish second in points for the season in the marquee Trophy Truck class and take home the coveted Toyota Iron Man Award.
In 2012, MacCachren started the season with a victory at Sunday's Laughlin Desert Challenge (the race was run on Saturday and Sunday as two separate points races). He then won the MasterCraft Safety Tecate San Felipe 250 for the second year in a row.
In short course, MacCachren won the Lucas Oil Off Road Racing Series (LOORRS) Pro 2 title in 2010, winning a record 9 out of the 15 rounds of racing. MacCachren was also successful in the competing TORC Pro 2WD series, where he ended up in second place for the season. In 2011 MacCachren finish second in season points in LOORRS and second in TORC as well, with five victories in LOORRS and three wins in TORC. In 2012 MacCachren won the $20,000 Chairman's Cup at Crandon behind the wheel of the MOPAR RAM Pro 2WD. He won his 200th career event later that year at Crandon during the track's second weekend (on the first weekend in September). He won the Sunday "World Championship" Pro 2 event.
In 2013 MacCachren signed a deal to compete in Robby Gordon's new truck racing series modeled after Mickey Thompson's Stadium series; the Stadium Super Trucks. He won the inaugural event in March 2013 and won another round in May 2013. MacCachren ended the season with four wins, but finished second in the championship to Gordon.
Awards.
He was named the 2007 Dirtsports Magazine Driver of the Year. He was named the 2007 BFGoodrich Tires Motorsports Person of the Year. Three time American Auto Racing Writers & Broadcasters Association AUTO RACING All-America FIRST Team.
MacCachren was induced in the Off-road Motorsports Hall of Fame in 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="20886157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886157" title="1st Regiment Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry">
1st Regiment Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry

The 1st Regiment of Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry (or 1st Washington Territory Volunteers) was a unit of infantry raised by the Washington Territory for service in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service.
Under Colonel Justus Steinberger, organization for a three-year regiment began on 19 October 1861, with recruiting taking place within the territory as well as California. Company A, B, C and D were organized at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco, Cal., January to April, 1862. By May 1862, four companies had been mustered, with 17 officers and 317 men. Ten companies would eventually be raised, being mustered in from the end of March until December 1862. The majority of the volunteers would muster in at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco, California, two others doing so at Fort Vancouver and on at Fort Steilacoom, Washington. The headquarters for the regiment was first at Fort Vancouver, and by July 1862 moved to Fort Walla Walla.
The companies, and/or detachments thereof, were stationed throughout the territories of Washington and Idaho, and in Oregon. They were used for the protection of miners and settlers, emigrant parties and other travellers along the roads from the east, and participated with the 1st Oregon Cavalry in expeditions against Shoshone, Snake, and other hostile Indian groups. They were also used to protect the Nez Perce, an ally of the United States, against those encroaching on their lands.
When the three years terms of service had expired for the earlier formed companies and the men were mustered out, the remaining three companies (Co E, H, and I) became the 1st Battalion on 7 March 1865. Co H would be consolidated with Co E in July, and was the last of the former Washington regiment to muster out of service in December.
As the companies were detached and participated in individual operations, their service records are best if listed separately: 
Company A
Organized 21 March 1862, they were stationed at Fort Walla Walla. Originally being recruited for a two-year term, some of the men were leaving or reenlisting in early 1864. Once replaced by a company of the 1st Oregon Infantry, they left to be mustered out around February 1865. 
Company B
Organized 1 April 1862, they were stationed at Fort Colville until 25 May 1864, when ordered to Fort Walla Walla. They remained here until receiving orders for their return to Fort Vancouver for discharge in the spring of 1865.
Company C
Organized 7 April 1862 and sent to Fort Colville for their term of service. They were mustered out at Fort Vancouver in April 1865.
Company D
Organized 12 April 1862, they were stationed at Fort Hoskins in Oregon by December 1862. Orders in March 1863 sent them to Fort Boise in Idaho Territory, where they remained stationed during their service.
Company E
Mustered in at Alcatraz, they were ordered on 19 October 1862 to Camp Lapwai (would fall within the bounds of the Idaho Territory when created the following March), near the Nez Perce Ageny. Here, they were to build their encampment in what became Fort Lapwai. By June 1864, they would be stationed at Fort Vancouver. Co H would be consolidated with them in July 1865, and they would be the last of the Washington Territory volunteers to be mustered out, doing so on 11 Dec 1865.
Company F
Mustered at Fort Vancouver, the company was stationed at Fort Dalles, Oregon in 1863 and 1864. The majority of the troops were mustered out in July 1865.
Company G
One of the three Washington companies encamped at Fort Boise, Idaho Territory in March 1863, previously being at Fort Steilacoom. 
Company H
Mustered at Alcatraz, they first encamped at Fort Walla Walla. On 25 May 1864, they transferred to Fort Vancouver. On 22 July 1865, they would be consolidated with Company E.
Company I
Encamped at Ft Vancouver in December 1862, it transferred to Fort Boise in March 1863. With Company H, the 1st Oregon Cavalry and Nez Perce Scouts, they made an expedition to Snake River in early June, 1863 to clear the area of the Snake Indians, who had been attacking travellers here for several years. As a band of emigrants, and their US Army escort, were due to pass through the Emigrant Road in August, additional troops were called on for protection. The pass safely made, Company I returned to Fort Boise, where it remained until its mustering out on 20 November 1865.
Company K
Mustered in at Fort Steilacoom, where they were stationed during their enlistment.

</doc>
<doc id="20886166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886166" title="Yo Soy Música">
Yo Soy Música

Yo Soy Musica is a 2008 album by Cheka.

</doc>
<doc id="20886171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886171" title="Douglas Vincent (cricketer)">
Douglas Vincent (cricketer)

Douglas Vincent (born 2 September 1954) was a Scottish cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Cambridgeshire. He was born in Glasgow.
Vincent, who played in the Minor Counties Championship for the team for the first time in 1982, made his only List A appearance in the NatWest Trophy competition of 1986, against Yorkshire. From the lower-middle order, he scored 6 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20886172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886172" title="Sajjad Hussain">
Sajjad Hussain

Sajjad Hussain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20886174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886174" title="Sajjad Hussain (cricketer, born 1980)">
Sajjad Hussain (cricketer, born 1980)

Sajjad Hussain (born Mohamamd Sajjad Zaheer Hussain on 10 August 1980) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm bowler. He was born in Gauhati.
Hussain began his career for Assam Under-16s at the age of just 12 years old. Having played just three games in the 1992-93 Vijay Merchant Trophy competition, it wasn't until three seasons later he picked up his next appearance for the Under-16s in 1995-96. Hussain played in both the Vijay Merchant and Vijay Hazare trophy competitions that year, and in the following season, moved up to the Under-19s team.
Hussain made four appearances for Tripura, in the one-day Ranji Trophy. The team lost every game in the season's competition.
Hussain made his debut for Assam in the 2003-04 Ranji Trophy, against Karnataka, scoring just two runs in the second innings of the match.
Hussain's second and final first-class appearance for the team came in the following year's competition, against Hyderabad, against whom Assam lost by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20886175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886175" title="Pritam Debnath">
Pritam Debnath

Pritam Debnath (born 25 July 1987) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman who plays for Assam. He was born in Guwahati.
Debnath made his cricketing debut in 2006-07, for Assam Under-22s, playing one game each in the 2006-07 and 2007-08 seasons.
Debnath made his first-class debut in the Ranji Trophy competition of 2008-09, against Vidarbha. From the opening order, he scored a golden duck in the first innings of the match and 7 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20886176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886176" title="John Jacklin">
John Jacklin

John Jacklin (born 12 December 1947) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cambridgeshire. He was born in Cambridge.
Jacklin, who represented Cambridgeshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1975 and 1977, made a single List A appearance for the side, in the 1975 Gillette Cup, against Northamptonshire.
Jacklin scored 0 not out and took bowling figures of 3-40 from 12 overs of bowling, taking the wicket of Pakistan Test cricketer Mushtaq Mohammad, though this was not enough to save the team from a 69-run defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20886177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886177" title="Mark Brown (cricketer)">
Mark Brown (cricketer)

Mark Brown (born 3 September 1958) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cambridgeshire. He was born in Bangor, Gwynedd.
Brown, who made his debut in the Minor Counties Championship at the age of 18, and who played in the competition between 1977 and 1986, made two List A appearances for the team, in the NatWest Trophy competitions of 1982 and 1983.
Brown failed to score a run in either innings in which he batted in List A cricket, though he took 3 wickets from 24 overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20886185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886185" title="Fritz Ligges">
Fritz Ligges

Fritz Ligges (29 July 1938 in Asseln – 21 May 1996 in Herbern) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the West German team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 
Ligges was later coach for the national junior team of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20886207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886207" title="Banga, Pakistan">
Banga, Pakistan

Banga is a village of Faisalabad District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 31°24'0N 73°18'0E with an altitude of 181 metres (597 feet). 
It was in 1907 that Bhagat Singh, the famous Indian martyr was born here. Bhagat Singh's ancestral village was near Banga that is in India, his family had just moved and was living in the canal colonies of Layallpur(near Banga, Failsalabad today) where people from the area of Banga, Jalandhar had settled when he was born there.

</doc>
<doc id="20886208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886208" title="Dokan">
Dokan

Dokan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20886232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886232" title="Sonbai Kecil">
Sonbai Kecil

Sonbai Kecil or "Lesser Sonbai" was an Atoni princedom in West Timor, now included in Indonesia. It existed from 1658 to 1917, when it merged into a colonial creation, the zelfbesturend landschap Kupang.
Migration to Kupang.
Sonbai Kecil was originally a breakaway group from the united Sonbai (Sonba'i, Sonnebay) realm that dominated large parts of West Timor. The creation of the princedom was connected with the colonial rivalries of 17th century Indonesia. Sonbai allied with the Dutch East India Company (VOC) against the Portuguese in 1655. The VOC had a post in Kupang in the far west since 1653 and was engaged in warfare with Portugal, whose dominions included Larantuka on Flores and Lifau on the north coast of Timor.
Part of the conflict was rivalry over the white sandalwood (santalum album), a precious item that grew in certain quantities on Timor. After a series of defeats at the hands of the Portuguese in 1657-1658, a part of the Sonbai congregation migrated to the Dutch stronghold in Kupang together with another VOC-allied group, Amabi. Another part remained in the inland under Portuguese surveillance, and became the Sonbai Besar princedom. The Kupang area was inhabited by the Helong people, but the newcomers were settled close to the Dutch fort without serious conflict with the original inhabitants.
Colonial cooperation.
The Sonbai Kecil, Helong and Amabi groups were later joined by two further groups from north-western Timor, Amfoan (1683) and Taebenu (1688). These five congregations posed as loyal allies to the VOC, while the rest of Timor largely fell under the influence of the Portuguese Eurasians or Topasses. Up to 1749, the five allies lived in a state of low-scale hostility with the neighboring clients of the Topasses, in particular the princedom Amarasi.
Sonbai Kecil was headed by a ruler known in Dutch records as emperor (keizer). In the official Dutch ranking, he was second in rank after the Helong ruler. In the Timorese political tradition, however, he was a non-active, in a symbolic sense "female" (feto) figure who was not expected to handle the actual affairs of the princedom. Actual governance was done by two executive regents who were "male" (mone) in relation to the ruler. They belonged to the mutually related Saubaki and Loewis families and usually cooperated closely with the Dutch authorities.
The seat of the ruler after c. 1740 was Bakunase, several kilometers south of the centre of Kupang, on the top of a steep hill overlooking the Kupang Bay.
Political development after 1749.
The Topass attacked Kupang in 1749, but were decisively defeated by the VOC forces and their allies in the Battle of Penfui. After this event, a number of Timorese princedoms submitted to the VOC, so that the state of semi-siege of the Kupang area vanished. In 1776-1782, an abortive attempt was made to merge Sonbai Kecil with its sister realm Sonbai Besar in the interior, which in the meantime had fallen under Dutch influence. This arrangement failed badly, since the young ruler Alphonsus Adrianus hastily left Kupang in 1782 after intrigues against his person. After this the two Sonbai congregations remained divided.
A side-branch of the ruling family, Nisnoni ("golden teeth"), came to power. The first of the line, Baki Bena, was visited by Captain William Bligh of the Bounty Mutiny, during the latter's stay in Kupang in 1789. The Nisnonis headed their congregation throughout the 19th century although the significance of the princedom seems to have dwindled somewhat. The territory included an area south of Kupang, to the south coast, but the borders with the other small princedoms in he Kupang area were ill defined. The ruler Isu Nisnoni was killed by a sniper from Amabi in 1889, although the colonial authorities successfully prevented a confrontation between the two princedoms.
Colonial reorganization.
In the early years of the 20th century, the Dutch implemented a real colonial rule in West Timor, and shortly after this they rationalized local governance in Kupang.
In 1917, Sonbai Kecil, Amabi, Amabi-Oefetto, Kupang-Helong, Taebenu and Funai were merged into a larger self-ruling territory (zelfbesturend landschap) called Kupang (not including the town itself). From 1918, it was headed by a raja of the Nisnoni family, Nicolaas Isu Nisnoni. Under him were five fettors or district rulers. In 1930, his sphere of power was increased with Fatuleu, a princedom further to the east. Kupang was occupied by the Japanese in early 1942, who led a hard regime. Towards the end of their rule, Nicolaas Isu Nisnoni stepped down in favor of his son Alfonsus Nisnoni (r. 1945-1955).
Revolution and independence.
Shortly afterwards, the Dutch troops returned, at the same time as the Indonesian Revolution commenced. Alfonsus Nisnoni led the local branch of Persatoean Demokrasi Indonesia, an association which aimed at eventual independence for Indonesia. He still chose to cooperate with the Dutch authorities, and in 1947, the town area of Kupang (vierkante paal) was incorporated in the zelfbesturend landschap Kupang. 
After the achievement of Indonesian independence in 1949, the council of Timorese rajas (Dewan Raja-Raja) agreed to gradually abolish the traditional administrative functions of the rajas. President Sukarno paid a visit to West Timor in 1950 and was received by Alfonsus Nisnoni on arrival to Kupang. In 1955, the raja rule ended in Kupang, and the Nisnoni family withdrew to the role of adat (customary) leaders and local government officials.

</doc>
<doc id="20886235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886235" title="1934 Dixie Classic">
1934 Dixie Classic

The 1934 Dixie Classic was a post-season college football bowl game between the Arkansas Razorbacks and the . Arkansas and Centenary tied the game, 7-7. The 1934 edition was the final Dixie Classic, which was a precursor to the current post-season game in Fair Park, the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Setting.
The game was similar to the meeting at the end of 1932, when the two squads tied, 0-0, in Shreveport. Centenary came in unbeaten at 8-0-3, tying three straight games to , , and . The team would disband after the 1941 season. The Hogs entered at 7-3, with losses at LSU, , and . Arkansas would remain a Division I program, and achieve over 30 bowl games.
Game summary.
The first quarter passed without scoring, before the Razorbacks lit up the scoreboard first, a Tom Murphy pass to Elvin Geiser, who then added the extra point. Centenary back Harold Olsin would haul in a pass from Manning Smith to cut the Hog lead to 7-6. The extra point by Chester Weidman was missed, which would've given Arkansas the win, but offside was called against the Razorbacks, and a retry resulted in a completed extra point. Arkansas would attempt a 14-yard field goal to win the game in the fourth quarter, but Geiser was wide right. The game ended in a tie.

</doc>
<doc id="20886245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886245" title="Noon Hill (reservation)">
Noon Hill (reservation)

Noon Hill is a open space preserve located in Medfield, Massachusetts and centered around Noon Hill, a prominent summit and scenic vista. It is managed by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations and offers of trails available for hiking, horseback riding, mountain biking, and cross country skiing. Oak-hickory forest, wetlands, vernal pools, steep ravines, boulders, and rocky ledges characterize the preserve. Noon Hill is a link in the Bay Circuit Trail. Holt Pond, a constructed mill pond, is located on the property.
Noon Hill is part of a larger area of protected open space including land owned by the town of Medfield and The Trustees of Reservations' Shattuck Reservation located to the northwest of Noon Hill along the Charles River.
History.
The rugged, rocky terrain of Noon Hill was formed via glacial action during the last ice age through glacial plucking and scouring. Holt Pond, the dammed flow of Sawmill Brook, was constructed circa 1764 to service colonial era mills. Other parts of the property were used as pasture land.
Noon Hill was acquired in 1959 as a gift of W. K. Gilmore & Sons; additional land was given by other donors in 1960, 1963, and 1978.
Recreation.
A network of trails span the property and connect with the abutting Shattuck Reservation and town conservation land. Most notable is the Bay Circuit Trail, a long distance hiking trail that forms a arc around the suburban belt to the west of Boston. Within the Noon Hill reservation, the Bay Circuit Trail passes over the summit of Noon Hill, where open ledges offer views of the landscape of neighboring Walpole, Norfolk, and Great Blue Hill.
The property trailhead is located on Noon Hill Road in Medfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20886249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886249" title="1966 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1966 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1966 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1966 college football season. The Irish, coached by Ara Parseghian, ended the season undefeated with 9 wins and one tie, winning the national championship. The Fighting Irish earned a consensus title after beating No. 10 Oklahoma 38-0 in Norman, tying unbeaten and No. 2 Michigan State 10-10, and ending the season defeating No. 10 USC 51-0 in the Coliseum The 1966 squad became the eighth Irish team to win the national title and the first under Parseghian. The Irish outscored its opponents 362-38. The 10-10 tie between The Spartans and the Irish remains one of the controversial games of college football, and is considered today to be one of the great "games of the century".
Post-season.
Award winners.
Heisman Voting:
All-Americans:
College Football Hall of Fame Inductees:

</doc>
<doc id="20886253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886253" title="Gaidoald">
Gaidoald

Gaidoald () was the second Lombard Duke of Trent. He was assigned to Trent on the death of Euin in January 595. He was described by Paul the Deacon as "a good man and a Catholic in religion" in his "Historia Langobardorum". In 602 or 603, Gaidoald and fellow duke Gisulf I of Friuli made peace with king Agilulf in what Paul the Deacon refers to as a "year of peace". No dukes of Trent are known after Gaidoald until Alahis from 680 to 690. 

</doc>
<doc id="20886262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886262" title="Milyukov">
Milyukov

Milyukov (), also spelled Milukoff, Milukov, Melukov, Melukoff, is an old Russian noble family (first recorded in the mid-14th century). Milyukovs were recorded in the ancient nobility books of Moscow, Orlov, Simbirsk, St. Petersburg, Tver, Yaroslavl, and Tula Governorates. In the 16th and 17th centuries, numerous Milyukovs were voivodes, falconers, stolniks (cup bearers), and gentleman of the bedchamber.
Origins.
The House of Milyukov stems from a ""foreigner"" Semyon Melik, who was a voivode, that fought alongside Prince Dmitry Donskoy and died in the Battle of Kulikovo. From him on, his children became Melikoff ("from Melik"), later on the name underwent "Russification" to become Milyukov. Since some early Milyukovs had Turkic names, such as Murza and Sabur, and the fact that Malik () translates as ("King"), allows to deduct that Semyon Melik was from Azerbaijani nobility. And given the time span of his appearance in Muscovy, most likely from recently fallen kingdom of Cilicia.
Side branches.
"Starovo-Milyukov" () is a cadet line founded by Semyon Ioanovich, one of Semyon Melik's grandchildren, nicknamed "Stary" (; lit. "old"). Yelizary Tashlykov Starovo-Milyukov was a voivode of Oreshek (1595). Ivan Ionavich was a voivode of Rzhev-Volodimirove (1618). In the 17th century, numerous Starovo-Milyukovs were stolniks and gentlemen of the bedchamber. It seems that the branch became extinct in a male line after the death of Vasily Yakovlevich — lieutenant-governor of Orenburg province. However, the female line still exists in modern day descendants of the third cadet branch of princes Volkonsky and ancient aristocrats Bibikoffs.
"Melyukov" () is the second cadet branch that broke off during the early-1860s (shortly after the abolition of serfdom in the Russian Empire). Many other northern noblemen Milyukovs were seriously affected by the abolition, because serfs, who could take winter jobs in the cities, were much more valuable possessions then often frozen land. Milyukovs were forced to go in business for themselves or go broke. They started a trading company and made their name as merchants of fine furs, supplying, among others, the Russian Imperial Family and several German ducal houses. As a matter of fact, Milyukovs were so successful that they owned one of the first commercial steamships in Russia. Later, during the Revolution of 1918, many members participated as members of White Army, this branch altered the spelling to Melyukovs, to escape the prosecution by the Cheka.
Prominent members of the Milyukov family.
Milyukov family had numerous notable members throughout the centuries. Below is the list of the most illustrious members of their time.
During the early 16th century, the most prominent one was Mikhail Ioanovich, who was a Grand Falconer and a namestnik of Bely Gorod (1506).
One of the more illustrious Milyukovs in the 17th century was Semyon (d. 1699), the Archbishop of Smolensk, who stringently opposed the rule of Tsarevna Sophia Alekseyevna believing that it is not woman's business to rule and that brothers Peter (later Peter I of Russia) and Ivan (later Ivan V of Russia) should take over.
In the 19th century, Nikolay Petrovich was a very noteworthy nobleman in Tver; his godfather was Alexander I himself. He is mostly famous for owning and later causing the death of Grigory Soroka.
The most notorious Milyukov in the 20th century was Pavel Milyukov, founder of the Constitutional Democratic party, a Duma representative, and later the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Russian Provisional Government, 1917.
Family estates.
The Milyukovs had several estates around the lake Moldino near Tver . The main manor was Poddubie, with two other manors, Vsekhsvyatskoye and Ostrovki to the north and south, respectively, belonging to various Milyukovs. According to the early 19th century records, Poddubie Manor had eight houses and 651 male field serfs attached to it, where Vsekhsvyatskoye had 34 house serfs and 254 field male serfs. Ostrovki Manor had 19 house serfs with an unknown number of field serfs. An interesting fact is that the famous House of Smirnoff of Smirnoff Vodka had a family manor right across the lake from Poddubie, and just like Melyukov branch had to start business shortly after the abolition of serfdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20886269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886269" title="Gerhard Wiltfang">
Gerhard Wiltfang

Gerhard "Gerd" Wiltfang (27 April 1946, Stuhr, Lower Saxony – 1 July 1997 Thedinghausen) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the West German team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. In 1978, he won the World Championship in show jumping, and in 1982 the silver medal.
Wiltfang died in 1997 of heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20886270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886270" title="Noon Hill">
Noon Hill


</doc>
<doc id="20886283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886283" title="Central Karang">
Central Karang

Central Karang is a region in Indonesia between the borders of Jakarta and Banten province. Jakarta-merak toll road crosses the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20886284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886284" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 52 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 52 (2008)

Ballot Measure 51 was a legislatively referred constitutional amendment on the May 20, 2008 primary election ballot in the state of Oregon. The measure amended the Oregon Constitution and was passed by the voters.
Background.
Currently, victims cannot enforce effectively any of the rights established in section 43 because section 43 provides that assertion of a victim's rights cannot invalidate a court ruling or suspend a case and because district attorneys are the only parties to a case that have authority to assert the victim's section 43 rights. Thus, victims cannot appear in court to assert their section 43 rights and cannot appeal from or otherwise challenge a ruling of a court denying any of their section 43 rights. The constitution prevents the legislature from providing victims such procedural rights by statute.
Measure 52 amended section 43 of Oregon's Bill of Rights whereby victims could individually seek remedies for violations of section 43 "by due course of law." Victims of crime could challenge a ruling of a court denying the victim a right secured for the victim by section 43. To effectuate their rights under section 43, the change allows victims to seek a delay in an adult criminal or juvenile delinquency case. Victims can pursue remedies in the criminal or juvenile delinquency case if one is pending, or, if no such case is pending, could initiate a case of their own. If the victim and the district attorney agreed, the district attorney can enforce the victim's section 43 rights. The measure authorizes the legislature to enact statutes providing the details of victims' remedial processes, including reasonable limitations on the time allowed for filing claims and the circumstances in which appeals are allowed.
The measure continues the current provision of section 43 that prevents a recovery of money damages for violation of a victim's rights, and the current provision that prevents an assertion of a victim's rights from invalidating an accusatory instrument, conviction or adjudication, or from terminating any criminal or juvenile delinquency case at any point after the case begins. The measure also provides that no claim for a right established in section 43 shall suspend a criminal or juvenile delinquency case if suspension would violate a right of a defendant or alleged youth offender guaranteed by the Oregon Constitution or United States Constitution.
Estimate of Financial Impact.
The direct financial impact to state and local governments is indeterminate because of the uncertainty of how many victims choose to bring an enforcement action to protect rights guaranteed under section 43, Article I of the Oregon Constitution, but denied by the court, district attorney or other public agency. The cost of this measure could increase the number of pretrial release hearings and increase the number of criminal defendants held and the length of incarceration before, during or after trials. Current provisions of the constitution establish a victim's right to be reasonably protected from the defendant during the criminal justice process, including pretrial detention of a criminal defendant. Current constitutional provisions require that there shall be no bail for a defendant accused of a violent felony where the defendant is a danger to the victim or others. Few of these criminal defendants awaiting trial are currently released, so the number of cases affected by this measure may be minimal. The measure authorizes the legislature to enact laws providing detailed procedures for claims by victims, including the establishment of reasonable limitations on the time allowed victims to assert their rights and prescribing procedures for appeal. Legislation providing such procedures and limitations could change the direct costs of this measure.

</doc>
<doc id="20886285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886285" title="R251 road (Ireland)">
R251 road (Ireland)

The R251 road is a regional road in Ireland. It is located entirely in County Donegal and runs in an east by north easterly direction from its junction with the N56 road east of Gweedore to a junction with the N14 road at Letterkenny. The route is very scenic; the R251 skirts around the base of Mount Errigal and offers excellent views of the Derryveagh Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20886312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886312" title="Banga, Angola">
Banga, Angola

Banga is a town and municipality in the Cuanza Norte Province of Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20886323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886323" title="Hartwig Steenken">
Hartwig Steenken

Hartwig Steenken (23 July 1941–10 January 1978) was a West German show jumper. He was born in Twistringen, and raised on his father's farm in Bowrede near Hoya in Lower Saxony. 
Steenken won the individual title at the 1971 European Championships and the 1974 World Championships, and was on the West German team that won the gold medal at the 1972 Olympics, where he came fourth in the individual event. He won silver at the 1975 European Championships, and decided not to compete in the 1976 Olympics as he had no horse good enough to win; his earlier mount, Simona, being too old. 
On 1 July 1977, Steenken broke the FEI's rules on amateurism by signing a sponsorship deal with Campari. Twelve days later, he sustained serious head injuries as a passenger in a car which crashed into a wall returning from an amateur football match in which he had played. He fell into a coma and died six months later in Hanover.

</doc>
<doc id="20886350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886350" title="Charles L. Manson House">
Charles L. Manson House

The Charles L. Manson House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed home in Wausau, Wisconsin.
Built over two years (1938 - 1941) for a successful local insurance agent, the Charles and Dorothy Manson House is among Wright’s Usonian designs. The home uses a square unit system, but introduces 30 and 60 degree angles to eliminate right angle corners. However, the strong horizontal line of the house descending three levels down the sloping wooded lot has the silhouette of Wright’s Prairie School houses. 
Typical of Usonians, the walls are sandwich compositions of plywood and tidewater red cypress board and batten trimmed with local red (Ringle) brick. To protect the house against fierce winters, Wright sandwiched two extra layers into the walls. The house sits on a concrete slab with its back to the street.

</doc>
<doc id="20886367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886367" title="Per Ivarson Undi">
Per Ivarson Undi

Per Ivarson Undi (1803 – 28 July 1860), also known as Peter Iverson, was an early Norwegian-American homesteader in Wisconsin Territory. 
Biography.
Peder Ivarson was born on the Undi farm in Vik, Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. He was one of eight children born to Iver Pedersen (1762-1837) of the Gullbrå farm in Vik and Inger Akseldtr (1775-1838) of the Skjervheim farm in Myrkdalen, a small valley in the municipality of Voss. Peder Ivarson was married to Anna Davidsdatter from the Skjervheimm farm in Myrkdalen. Peder Ivarson, together with his wife and their children, became the first emigrants to the United States from the Sogn og Fjordane county in Norway. His brother-in-law, brother Peder Davidsen Skjervheim, had emigrated from Hardanger in 1837. Per Undi had also been influenced by Ole Rynning's "True Account of America" (Norwegian: "Sandfærdig Beretning om Amerika") which was published during 1838.
The family left the community of Vik in 1839. They came on the schooner "Magdalena Christina", which arrived in New York harbor July 6, 1839. The family settled in Wayne Township near the community of Wiota, known in its early history as Hamilton's Diggings in Lafayette County, Wisconsin. Peter Ivarson was granted titled to land under the provisions of the Homestead Act on April 1, 1848.
Peter Ivarson has been recognized as a leading force of change by both Norwegian and American historians. The significance of his immigration to America would be especially felt within the Norwegian communities of Vik and Voss. He frequently wrote letters back to friends and family in his home parish. Resulting from his efforts of persuasion, numerous families immigrated to Wisconsin including his siblings: Ragnilda, Erik, Ole and Axel Iverson.

</doc>
<doc id="20886401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886401" title="Roxy Community Theatre">
Roxy Community Theatre

Roxy Community Theatre is an Art Deco/Art Nouveau/Spanish Mission style movie theatre located in Leeton, New South Wales, Australia.
History.
Roxy Theatre was designed as a 1091 seat theatre by well-known architectural firm Kaberry & Chard. It was built by J H Jones for the Riverina Theatre entrepreneur George Conson on a large corner block of Pine and Wade Avenues between 1929 and 1930 and was opened on 7 April 1930.
In October 1933 a music pit, dressing rooms, larger concert stage, facade neon lighting and signage was added to the building which was officially opened by Gladys Moncrieff.
In 1977 the theatre's future was threatened with redevelopment. A meeting was called on 2 June 1977 by the Leeton and District Community Advancement Fund where the theatre's future was discussed including unanimously agreeing that the theatre should be retained as a Civic type building and also should be saved as a picture theatre. On 23 June 1977 the matter on the theatre was discussed further at the Leeton and District Community Advancement Fund's Annual General meeting with extensive investigations made and convinced of the buildings soundness and viability.
The theatre was purchased for $75,000 with $27,000 which was raised by the "Save The Roxy Committee".

</doc>
<doc id="20886402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886402" title="C. S. Fly">
C. S. Fly

Camillus "Buck" Sydney Fly (2 May 1849 – 12 October 1901) was an American photographer most noted for the many photographs he took during Tombstone, Arizona's wild and wooly days. He was also a witness in 1881 to the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, which took place outside his photography studio.
He later served as a lawman and as Cochise County Sheriff from 1895 to 1897. His photographs are legendary and highly prized.
Early life.
His parents were originally from Andrew County, Missouri. Shortly after Camillus' birth, they migrated to California, eventually settling in Napa County.
Tombstone, Arizona.
He married Mary “Mollie” E. Goodrich on September 29, 1879 in San Francisco. Mary, who was also a photographer, and Camillus soon moved to Arizona Territory, where they settled in Tombstone in December, 1879. Fly and his wife immediately set up a photographic studio in a tent before going to work on more permanent quarters.
In July, 1880, they opened a 12-room boarding house, and a separate studio called the “Fly Gallery” in the back of the boarding house located at 312 Fremont Street in Tombstone.
On October 26, 1881, Fly was in a unique position, as the infamous Gunfight at the O.K. Corral actually took place in an alley between his boarding house and the next house west of it. During the shootout, Cochise County Sheriff John Behan took cover inside the boarding hourse, watching the gunplay, only to be joined by Ike Clanton who fled in terror proclaiming he was unarmed. When the smoke cleared, it was Fly, armed with a Henry rifle, who disarmed Billy Clanton as he lay dying against the house next door. If Fly ever took any photos of the scene of the shootout scene which was next to his own studio, they have been lost.
During this time, Fly and Mary adopted a little girl they called Kitty, but Mary continued to run the boarding house and studio as Camillus traveled around the area taking photographs. While her husband was out, she acted as one of the few female photographers of the times, taking pictures of anyone who could pay the studio price of 35 cents.
In March, 1886, Fly accompanied General George Crook to the Canyon de Los Embudos for the negotiations with Geronimo. He became most famous for the photographs he took of the negotiations. His photos of Geronimo and the other free Apaches, taken on March 25 and 26th, are famous as the only existing photographs of a native American while still at war with the United States.
Fly had become a heavy drinker and the year after these famous photographs were taken, his wife Mary took their child and separated from her husband. He then left Tombstone on December 17, 1887 and toured Arizona with his photographs, briefly establishing a studio in Phoenix in 1893. However, the following year, he returned to the area. In the meantime, Mary continued to run the studio in Tombstone during his absence.
Sheriff Fly.
Though his drinking was becoming more and more heavy, he was elected as the Cochise County Sheriff in 1895 and served for two years.
Death.
Fly ranched in the Chiricahua Mountains, until his death at Bisbee, on October 12, 1901. Though Camillus and his wife had been separated for years, she was at his bedside when he died, and made arrangements to have his body returned to Tombstone, where it was buried in the Tombstone Cemetery (this is the new Tombstone city cemetery, not the "old city cemetery" which became a legendary Boot Hill).
Mary Fly continued to run the Tombstone gallery on her own and in 1905, she published a collection of her husband's Indian campaign photographs entitled "Scenes in Geronimo's Camp: The Apache Outlaw and Murderer." In 1912, the boarding house was the victim of a fire, which burned it completely (it has since been rebuilt). This incident prompted Mary to finally retire. Moving to Los Angeles, she donated her husband’s collection of negatives to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. She died in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20886406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886406" title="Masato Hagiwara">
Masato Hagiwara

Career.
Hagiwara co-starred in Kiyoshi Kurosawa's "Cure" with Koji Yakusho. He also appeared in Hou Hsiao-Hsien's "Café Lumière".
He starred in Junji Sakamoto's "Out of This World".

</doc>
<doc id="20886409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886409" title="Electric Laser">
Electric Laser

Electric Laser is a studio album by Los Angeles hip hop group Giant Panda. It was released on May 6, 2008 under Tres Records.
Track listing.
01. Laser Beam (Scotty's Theme)
02. Justin Case
03. Ready To Fly
04. Speakers Pop
05. AIM
06. Laser Ray
07. Precise Calculator
08. Same Old Shit
09. Cinemax
10. Pops
11. Let It Go
12. Do The Robot In Cyberspace
13. Speakers Funk

</doc>
<doc id="20886415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886415" title="Strawberry, Utah">
Strawberry, Utah

Strawberry is an unincorporated community in western Duchesne County, Utah, United States. Most of the inhabitants live along the Strawberry River between the Strawberry River pinnacles and Starvation Reservoir west of the city of Duchesne, the county seat of Duchesne County.
History.
1905-1910 In 1905 the Uintah Indian reservation was opened by the federal government to homesteaders. The land in the river bottoms of the Strawberry river was very desirable because of the semi-arid nature of the Uintah Basin. The first pioneers into the area started clearing the river bottoms of the thick underbrush of cottonwood and willows. Around 1911 two communities had developed, one in the flats between the main canyon and Rabbit Gultch, that had been known as "Starvation", five miles west of Duchesne and "Upper Strawberry" that sits in a wider part of the canyon four miles further west. Although both communities were located on the Strawberry river and only four miles apart. The communities grew separately because there was no direct road between them for 30 years.
1911–present, Upper Strawberry Although the farm land was very limited the community grew. The residents that did not own their own land worked as farm hands, ranch help, and miners. A.M. Murdock had a large cattle ranch in the upper part of the community that employed a number of people. R.M. Pope owned a number of Elaterite mines in Dry canyon and Sam's Canyon that employed a number of workers also. January 1, 1921, The residents in Upper Strawberry decided to change the name of the community to better identify themselves to the area residents. The name chosen was Riverside. The School Civic club presented a petition to the school board requesting the name of the school be changed from Strawberry No. 2 to Riverside. The school building acted as the community center and hosted church meetings, frequent dances, and activities.
In the fall of 1920 the community had become frustrated with not getting bridges built across the river. They solicited the help of R.M. Pope and A.M. Murdock, who both had business interests in the area, for financial help in building the bridges. Six volunteers from the community agreed to work for half wages and the two bridges were built and completed within a couple months. This allowed for auto travel all the way through the community.
Eventually the mines closed down and the big farms sold out. In the 1930s the CCC came in and replaced the original bridges with heavier cable support bridges. As the roads improved and the commute to the community of Duchesne became reasonable the Riverside School closed down. The community eventually lost its identity as Riverside and became a bedroom community of Duchesne. In 1952 high waters along the river flooded the canyon and washed out the CCC bridges and a couple of houses. The community spent the summer completely isolated until the county built new bridges in the fall. 1952 also brought the first power lines into the canyon. Before that some of the farmers used wind turbines and batteries for lighting. Phone service was brought in by Uintah Basin telephone in 1978. Pressurized irrigation water services were built for the lower end of the canyon in 2004. When you here someone say "I live in Strawberry", the old community of Riverside is where they live. 
1911-1970, Starvation/Lower Strawberry The community of Starvation was named after Starvation flats a wide area of the valley where Rabbit Gulch and the Strawberry river met. The community became a very good place to gather sheep in the spring for sheering. In the spring of 1911 some 60,000 sheep were sheared in new corrals that had been built. Starvation also had the advantage of the main road into Heber ran through the middle of the community. In April 1915 a post office was established in Starvation and called Strawberry. The first post mistress was Mrs. Vaughn Jolley. The first school in Starvation was built around 1911 and called the Strawberry school. On July 26, 1922 the school house burned to the ground from the sparks left by campers Bishop Ivie rebuilt the Strawberry school and had it back up and running by Sept 28 1923. A small cemetery was built to service the residents on a plateau south-west of the community. In 1924 the school board closed down the school and bussed the students into Duchesne School. Victory Highway was built through the middle of the community but in 1970 all the land was bought by the Bureau of Reclamation to make way for Starvation Reservoir. US-40 was re-routed to the south past the cemetery and over the freedom bridge that passes over the canyon were the most southern end of the community was. The community is now gone and any remnants are under water.
Geography.
Strawberry sits in the river bottom of an ancient sea bed. The cliffs lining the canyon walls are made of sedimentary layers of shell. Strawberry is surrounding by Oil and Gas wells. Elaterite bubbles up like tar from the ground in areas along the river. In one location in the canyon natural gases bubble up into a spring and the associated foam can be lit on fire. Some of the springs in the area are saturated with alkaline and can be observed by the white deposits on the cliff ledges of the canyon walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20886418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886418" title="1933 Treasure Coast hurricane">
1933 Treasure Coast hurricane

The 1933 Treasure Coast hurricane was the second-most intense tropical cyclone to strike the United States during the active 1933 Atlantic hurricane season. The eleventh tropical storm, fifth hurricane, and the third major hurricane of the season, it formed east-northeast of the Leeward Islands on August 31. The tropical storm moved rapidly west-northwestward, steadily intensifying to a hurricane. It acquired peak winds of 140 mph (220 km/h) and passed over portions of the Bahamas on September 3, including Eleuthera. Subsequently, it weakened and made landfall at Jupiter, Florida, early on September 4 with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h). The hurricane moved across the state, passing near Tampa before moving into Georgia and dissipating.
The hurricane produced severe damage from the Bahamas to the Florida peninsula. Eleuthera and Harbour Island, encountering the center of the hurricane, incurred major damage to homes and properties. Additionally, buildings were unroofed and wharves were destroyed. In Florida, the strong winds of the cyclone blew buildings off their foundations, and numerous trees were prostrated in citrus groves. The Treasure Coast region received the most extensive destruction, and Stuart, Jupiter, and Fort Pierce were heavily damaged. The storm caused $3 million in damage (1933 USD) after damaging or destroying 6,848 homes. Inland, the cyclone weakened rapidly but produced prodigious amounts of rain, causing a dam to collapse near Tampa. Unusually, the major hurricane made landfall within 24 hours of another major hurricane hitting South Texas, the only such occurrence in U.S. history.
Meteorological history.
The origins of the hurricane were from a tropical wave that possibly spawned a tropical depression on August 27, although there was minimal data over the next few days as it tracked to the west-northwest. On August 31, a nearby ship reported gale force winds, which indicated that a tropical storm had developed to the east-northeast of the Lesser Antilles. Based on continuity, it is estimated the storm attained hurricane status later that day. Moving quickly to the west-northwest, the storm passed north of the Lesser Antilles and Puerto Rico. Early on September 2, a ship called the "Gulfwing" reported a barometric pressure of , which confirmed that the storm attained hurricane status. After passing north of the Turks and Caicos islands, the hurricane struck Eleuthera and Harbour Island in the Bahamas on September 3, the latter at 1100 UTC. A station on the latter island reported a pressure of during the 30 minute passage of the eye. Based on the pressure and the small size of the storm, it is estimated the hurricane struck Harbour Island with peak winds of 140 mph (220 km/h), making it the equivalent of a modern Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale. Interpolation suggested that the storm reached major hurricane status, or Category 3 intensity, on September 2.
The hurricane initially followed the course of another hurricane that passed through the area in late August, which ultimately struck Cuba and Texas. This hurricane instead maintained a general west-northwest track. After moving through the northern Bahamas, the hurricane weakened slightly before making landfall at Jupiter, Florida at 0500 UTC on September 4. A station there reported a pressure of during a 40 minute period of the eye's passage; this suggested a landfall intensity of 125 mph (205 km/h). At the time, the radius of maximum winds was 15 mi (24 km), which was smaller than average. After landfall, the hurricane weakened rapidly while crossing the state. It briefly emerged into the Gulf of Mexico as a tropical storm early on September 5. A few hours later while continuing to the northwest, it made another landfall north of Tampa with winds of about 65 mph (100 km/h). Turning to the north, the storm slowly weakened as it crossed into Georgia, dissipating on September 7 near Augusta.
Preparations and impact.
While the storm was near peak intensity on September 3, the Weather Bureau issued hurricane warnings from Miami to Melbourne, Florida, with storm warnings extending northward to Jacksonville. Later that day, storm warnings, were issued from Key West to Cedar Key. About 2,500 people evacuated by train from areas around Lake Okeechobee.
The powerful hurricane moved over or near several islands in the Bahamas. Winds on Spanish Wells and Harbour Island were both estimated at around 140 mph (220 km/h). Winds reached at Governor's Harbour. The storm was farther away from Nassau, where winds reached 35 mph (56 km/h). The hurricane damaged a lumber mill on Abaco, washing away a dock. Heavy damage occurred on Harbour Island, including to several roofs, the walls of government buildings, and the water system. The hurricane destroyed 4 churches and 37 houses, leaving 100 people homeless. A road on Eleuthera was destroyed. Several islands sustained damage to farms, including the total loss of various fruit trees on Russell Island. Despite Category 4 winds on Spanish Wells, only five houses were destroyed, although most of the remaining dwellings lost their roofs. Collectively between North Point, James Cistern, and Gregory Town on Eleuthera, the storm destroyed 55 houses and damaged many others. On Grand Bahama, where a storm surge was reported, half of the houses were destroyed, as were 13 boats and 2 planes, and most docks were wrecked.
When the storm moved ashore in Florida, winds reached in Jupiter and in West Palm Beach. Winds were not as strong farther from the center; winds were observed in Miami to the south, Titusville to the north, and Tampa on the west coast. The hurricane dropped heavy rainfall along its path, peaking at in Clermont. Damage was heaviest near Jupiter at Olympia Beach, where strong winds wrecked houses and trees. At West Palm Beach, the winds shattered many windows, while at Stuart, 75% of the roofs in the town were blown away or severely damaged, including the third floor of the local newspaper building. Between Jupiter and Fort Pierce, the storm knocked down power and telegraph lines. In the latter city, high waves washed out a portion of the causeway. Crop damage was worst along the Indian River Lagoon; several farms in Stuart experienced total losses, and statewide, 16% of the citrus crop, or 4 million boxes, were destroyed. Many chicken coops in Stuart were destroyed, and the local chicken population was scattered and dispersed as far as Indiantown. Across southeastern Florida, the hurricane damaged 6,465 houses and destroyed another 383, causing over $3 million in damage. One person was killed when his shack blew down, a brakeman died after 7 railcars derailed, and a child was killed by airborne debris.
High rainfall caused flooding across Florida, notably near Tampa where waters reached deep. High rainfall of over caused a dam operated by Tampa Electric Co. to break northeast of Tampa along the Hillsborough River. The break resulted in severe local damage, flooding portions of Sulphur Springs. Workers attempted to save the dam with sandbags, and after the break, most residents in the area were warned of the approaching flood. Over 50 homes were flooded, forcing about 150 people to evacuate. Outside of Florida, the storm produced winds of 48 and 51 mph (78 and 81 km/h) in Savannah, Georgia and Charleston, South Carolina, respectively. In the latter city, the storm spawned a tornado, which caused about $10,000 in property damage. Heavy rainfall occurred along the Georgia and South Carolina coasts, reaching over . Light rainfall also extended into North Carolina.
Aftermath.
In the Bahamas after the storm, a boat sailed from Nassau to deliver food and building materials to Eleuthera.
After the storm, the National Guard offered shelters for at least 400 homeless residents in Stuart. Of the 7,900 families adversely affected by the hurricane, 4,325 required assistance from the American Red Cross. Farmers in Texas, also affected by a major hurricane, requested growers in Florida wait 15 days so they could sell their citrus crop that fell. The damaged dam near Tampa initially resulted in waters from the Hillsborough River being pumped into the city's water treatment plant, and a new dam was eventually built in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20886425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886425" title="Native transistor">
Native transistor

In electronics, a native transistor (or sometimes natural transistor) is a variety of the MOS field-effect transistor that is intermediate between enhancement and depletion modes. Most common is the n-channel native transistor.
Historically, native transistors were referred to as MOSFETs without specially grown oxide, only natural thin oxide film formed over silicon during processing of other layers.
A native MOSFET is a transistor with nearly zero Threshold voltage. Native n-channel transistors have a niche applications in low-voltage operational amplifiers and in low-voltage digital memory, where it functions as the weak pull-down. It is also used in low-voltage interface circuits.
The main disadvantages of the native transistor are the larger size due to additional doping mask, and sometimes lower transconductance. Typical minimal size of the native N-channel MOSFET (NMOS) gate is 2-3 times longer and wider than standard Threshold voltage transistor. The cost of chips including native transistors is also increased because of the additional doping operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20886436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886436" title="Parallel Worlds (Dave Douglas album)">
Parallel Worlds (Dave Douglas album)

Parallel Worlds is the debut album by trumpeter Dave Douglas released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1993. It features six of Douglas' compositions and compositions by Anton Webern, Kurt Weill, Duke Ellington and Igor Stravinsky performed by Douglas, Mark Feldman, Erik Friedlander, Mark Dresser and Michael Sarin.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn states "This isn't another hard bop outing or a completely free-wheeling session; instead, it's got elements of both, and a departure as well. It requires close scrutiny and a completely open mind, because Dave Douglas is following no direction except his own".

</doc>
<doc id="20886445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886445" title="Nocardicin A">
Nocardicin A

Nocardicin A is a β-lactam antibiotic included in the monobactam subclass. It is secreted by the bacterium "Nocardia uniformis" subsp. "tsuyamenensis" as a metabolic product catalyzed by the enzyme nocardicin-A epimerase.

</doc>
<doc id="20886466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886466" title="Levich equation">
Levich equation

The Levich Equation models the diffusion and solution flow conditions around a Rotating disk electrode (RDE). It is named after Veniamin Grigorievich Levich who first developed an RDE as a tool for electrochemical research. It can be used to predict the current observed at an RDE, in particular, the Levich equation gives the height of the sigmoidal wave observed in rotating disk voltammetry. The sigmoidal wave height is often called the Levich current.
The Levich Equation is written as:
formula_1
where 
Note: To use the equation as written above (with the leading 0.620), certain units must be used with the parameters listed (e.g. radians per second for angular rotation, NOT radians or revolutions per minute). If revolution (rotations) per minute (rpm) are used, a value of 0.201 should be used in place of 0.620.
While the Levich equation suffices for many purposes, improved forms based on derivations utilising more terms in the velocity expression are available.

</doc>
<doc id="20886480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886480" title="Clavam">
Clavam

A clavam is a molecule similar to a penam, but with an oxygen substituted for the sulfur. Thus, they are also known as oxapenams.
An example is clavulanic acid, from which this compound class receives its name.

</doc>
<doc id="20886492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886492" title="Veniamin Levich">
Veniamin Levich

Veniamin Grigorievich (Benjamin) Levich (March 30, 1917, Kharkiv, Ukraine — January 19, 1987, Englewood, New Jersey, USA) was an internationally prominent physical chemist and founder of the discipline of physico-chemical hydrodynamics. He was a student of the theoretical physicist, Lev Landau. His landmark textbook titled Physicochemical Hydrodynamics is widely considered his most important contribution to science. The Levich Equation describing a current at a rotating disk electrode is named after him. His research activities also included gas-phase collision reactions, electrochemistry, and the quantum mechanics of electron transfer. 
Professor Levich received many honors during his life, including the Palladium Medal of the American Electrochemical Society in 1973. He was elected a foreign member of the Norwegian Academy of Sciences in 1977 and a foreign associate of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering in 1982. He was also a member of numerous scientific organizations, although on leaving the USSR in 1978 he had to relinquish his Soviet citizenship and, therefore, was expelled from the USSR Academy of Sciences. An interdisciplinary institute at the City College of the City University of New York is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20886501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886501" title="The Code of the Harpers">
The Code of the Harpers

The Code of the Harpers is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9390, was published in 1993, and was written by Ed Greenwood, with cover art by Jeff Easley and interior art by Scott Rosema.
Contents.
The 128-page book begins with a two-page prologue written from the perspective of a number of fictional characters including Storm Silverhand, Danilo Thann, and Elminster. Page 5 is an introduction by Ed Greenwood explaining that this book is about the fictional Harpers organization, and thus begins with a story about them. Pages 6–18, "The Code of the Harpers", explains what a Harper is and what they do; they are a secretive organization, making them hard to define, most are bards or rangers, and most seek to thwart evil when they can, in their own small ways. Page 19, "Harper Runes", displays a number of runes used by Harpers to send messages to one another. Pages 20–36, "The History of the Harpers", is as detailed a history of the organization as possible, stating that their origins go back to the ancient days of Myth Drannor. Pages 37–39, "The Harpers Today", details the activities of the Harpers as of the writing of the book (1367 Dalereckoning). Pages 40–41, "Master Harpers", describes the abilities of some of the most powerful members of the organization, who have been granted special blessings from a deity (usually Deneir, Eldath, Lliira, Mielikki, Milil, Mystra, Oghma, Selûne, Silvanus, or Tymora). Pages 42–52, "The Senior Harpers", describes several powerful members of the organization: Alustriel Silverhand, Belhuar Thantarth, Cylyria Dragonbreast, Dove Falconhand, Elminster, Khelben "Blackstaff" Arunsun, Laeral Silverhand, Obslin Minstrelwish, and Storm Silverhand. Pages 53–61, "Harper Heroes", details a number of characters previously featured in published "Forgotten Realms" novels, such as Artus Cimber, Brenna Graycloak, Myrmeen Lhal, Arilyn Moonblade, Olive Ruskettle, Danilo Thann, and Finder Wyvernspur. Pages 62–71, "Some Selected Harpers", details the game statistics for a number of non-player character Harpers, such as Mintiper Moonsilver, and a partial roll of Harpers found in major cities throughout the Realms. Pages 73–81, "The High Heralds", details those who were once part of the Harpers and are still their allies. Pages 82–84, "Harper Allies", described a few characters who are not Harpers but are considered friends, including The Simbul. Pages 85–99, "Harper Haunts", described a number of locations frequented by Harpers. Pages 100-101, "Harper Magic: Spells", details the spells of the Harpers, including one very powerful spell. Pages 102-116, "Harper Magic: Magical Items", presents numerous magical items likely to be found in the possession of a Harper. Pages 118-120, "Foes of the Harpers", described some of the enemies made by the Harpers, including the Zhentarim, the Red Wizards of Thay, the Cult of the Dragon, and more. Pages 121-122, "Joining the Harpers", explains the ways by which prospective members may seek to join the organization. Pages 123-126, "Harper Ballads", presents a selection of ballads and tunes sung by the Harpers. Page 127 ends the book with a description and monster statistics of the spectral harpist, a type of undead, of which Syluné is one.
Additional reading.
Review: "White Wolf" #40 (1994)

</doc>
<doc id="20886514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886514" title="Uniontown Historic District (Uniontown, Alabama)">
Uniontown Historic District (Uniontown, Alabama)

The Uniontown Historic District is a historic district in Uniontown, Alabama. It is roughly bounded by Tomasene Street, Taylor Street, East Avenue, and Green Street. It contains a variety of mid-to-late 19th and early 20th century architectural styles, most notably examples of Greek Revival, Queen Anne, and Classical Revival. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 24, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20886536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886536" title="Cristian Brandi">
Cristian Brandi

Cristian Brandi (born June 10, 1970, in Brindisi, Italy), is a former professional tennis player from Italy. 
Brandi enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 2 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 9 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 50 in 2000.
Brandi participated in 3 Davis Cup ties for Italy from 1994 to 1995, posting a 2–1 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20886561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886561" title="North Carolina judicial elections, 2010">
North Carolina judicial elections, 2010

One justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court and five judges of the North Carolina Court of Appeals were elected by North Carolina voters on November 2, 2010, on the same day as the U.S. Senate election, U.S. House elections, and other state-level elections. North Carolina judicial elections are non-partisan. Terms for seats on each court are eight years. All incumbent judges and justices who sought re-election won their respective races, except for Judge Cressie Thigpen of the Court of Appeals, who had been appointed shortly before the election and lost North Carolina's first statewide instant runoff.
Supreme Court.
Incumbent Edward Thomas Brady did not file to run for re-election. N.C. Court of Appeals Judges Robert C. Hunter and Barbara Jackson filed to run for the open seat.
Court of Appeals (Calabria seat).
Incumbent Ann Marie Calabria first announced that she would not seek re-election, but then reversed course and filed to run for another term. Judge Calabria had intended to run for re-election until her mother’s health declined. Then, her mother's health improved before the deadline to file as a candidate. Other candidates who filed for the seat included state District Court Judge Jane P. Gray of Wake County and Superior Court Judge Mark E. Klass of Davidson County. Because more than two candidates filed for the seat, a primary election was held on May 4 to eliminate one candidate. Calabria won the primary with 37 percent, while Gray came in second with 36 percent of the vote. Klass, who took 26 percent, was eliminated. Calabria and Gray faced off in the general election. 
Court of Appeals (Elmore seat).
Incumbent Rick Elmore filed to run for re-election. Attorney Leto Copeley of Orange County, law clerk and 2005 law school graduate Steven Walker, and attorney Alton D. (Al) Bain also filed. Because more than two candidates filed for the seat, a primary election was held on May 4. Walker was the highest vote getter in the primary with 38 percent, followed by Elmore with 28 percent. Copeley, with 18 percent, and Bain, with 14 percent, were eliminated from the race. Walker and Elmore faced off in the general election.
Court of Appeals (Geer seat).
Incumbent Martha A. Geer was opposed by appeals referee and adjunct law instructor Dean R. Poirier.
Court of Appeals (Steelman seat).
Incumbent Sanford L. Steelman, Jr. announced in 2009 that he would run for re-election to a second term. No candidates filed to oppose him.
Court of Appeals (Wynn seat).
When longtime Court of Appeals Judge James A. Wynn, Jr. was appointed and confirmed as a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, that triggered a special election for his seat. Under state law, because the vacancy in Wynn's seat occurred after the state's primary elections, the election employed instant runoff voting—the first time such a mechanism had been used in a statewide election in North Carolina. The law that allowed for instant runoff voting for judicial elections was eventually repealed in 2013.
Governor Perdue appointed Cressie Thigpen to fill the seat through the election. Thigpen then filed to run for the full eight-year term, as did twelve other candidates, including attorneys Chris Dillon, Anne Middleton, John Sullivan and Pamela Vesper, all of Raleigh; attorney J. Wesley Casteen of Wilmington; attorney Daniel Garner of Wake Forest; attorneys John Bloss, Jewel Ann Farlow (a 2008 candidate) and Stan Hammer, all of Greensboro; Superior Court Judge Mark E. Klass (who had previously run for the Calabria seat); former Court of Appeals Judge Douglas McCullough; and former North Carolina Commissioner of Labor Harry Payne.
IRV Second Round results.
Cressie Thigpen and Doug McCullough collected the most first-choice votes, while no candidate received fifty percent plus one vote. Therefore, the two advanced to the instant runoff, where second and third choices would be tallied to determine the winner. The State Board of Elections announced on Nov. 3 that it would be "at least a month" before the results would be known. Unofficial results were released in December, showing McCullough winning by about 6,000 votes. Thigpen called for a recount. The recount showed a slightly changed vote total, but the ultimate result was the same, and Thigpen conceded defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20886575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886575" title="Fran Marshall">
Fran Marshall

Fran Marshall (born 12 May 1930) is a retired squash player from England. She won the British Open in 1961, defeating Ruth Turner in the final in straight sets 9–3, 9–5, 9–1. She was also the runner-up at the championship in 1960, 1962, 1963, 1964 and 1969.
Marshall was raised in Kenya, and represented Kenya in tennis at the 1960 Wimbledon Championships. After marrying her husband, who was in the British Army, she moved to England and has lived there permanently since 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20886577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886577" title="Basra, Pakistan">
Basra, Pakistan

Basra is a village of Chakwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°46'43N 71°59'4E with an altitude of 350 metres (1151 feet). The village is inhabited by the Basra tribe of the Jats

</doc>
<doc id="20886585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886585" title="Exclude">
Exclude


</doc>
<doc id="20886594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886594" title="Sadler Vampire">
Sadler Vampire

__NOTOC__
The Sadler SV-1 Vampire is a single-seat ultralight sport aircraft developed in the United States in the early 1980s. It is uncharacteristic of ultralight designs in both its layout and its construction. The Vampire is a mid-wing cantilever monoplane of pod-and-boom configuration and twin booms joined by a common horizontal stabilizer. The wings fold for storage and transport, and the undercarriage is of fixed tricycle type. The single engine and pusher propeller are mounted at the rear of the pod that also includes the open cockpit. Construction throughout is of metal.
The Vampire won the "Grand Champion Design" Award at the EAA Fly-in at Oshkosh, Wisconsin in August 1982. Subsequently, designer William Sadler founded American Microflight (later Sadler Aircraft Company) to produce the aircraft. Series production began in February 1983, and had reached the rate of four per month by 1984. Rights to this sport version were sold to Aero.V Australia based at Illawarra Regional Airport in Albion Park Rail, New South Wales.
By the late 1980s, Sadler was offering a militarized version of the design as the Piranha. Equipped with an enclosed cockpit, bullet-resistant fuselage pod made of Kevlar, machine gun mounts in the wing roots, and a hardpoint under each wing for disposable stores, the Piranha is intended to provide ground attack, counter-insurgency, and interdiction missions. Power was originally provided by a converted Volkswagen air-cooled engine, but a converted Chevrolet V-8 automotive engine was eventually fitted. A UAV version was developed around the same time. Designated the UAV-18-50, it carried a pilot for takeoffs and landings. It never flew without a pilot on board and was never fitted with any armament.
In May 2010 it was announced that the company and its one prototype aircraft, some spares and one Jabiru 3300 engine were all for sale for US$50,000. Company vice president David Littlejohn placed the blame for the sale of the company on the economic downturn. "We failed to meet the required pipeline commitments needed to receive second-stage capital from our investors" he explained.

</doc>
<doc id="20886597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886597" title="Serebryany Bor">
Serebryany Bor

Serebryany Bor (, lit. "silver forest") is an urban locality (a settlement) in Neryungrinsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located north of Neryungri on the Amur Yakutsk Mainline. Population: 
Geography.
The settlement is located 7 km east of the city of Neryungri, in the Aldan Highlands. Immediately to the east of the settlement, the Olongoro River (a tributary of the Aldan) is dammed to create a reservoir, providing water for the local thermal power plant.
History.
Serebryany Bor was founded in 1978 with the construction of the "Neryungrinsky GRES" coal-fired power plant. It received urban-type settlement status in the same year.
Economy and infrastructure.
Employment in the settlement is centred around the power plant. A spur from the Amur Yakutsk Mainline railway brings coal from the open-cut mine north-west of Neryungri. The Lena highway to Yakutsk also runs by the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20886599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886599" title="Āniwaniwa Falls">
Āniwaniwa Falls

The Āniwaniwa Falls, or Rainbow Falls, are a two-drop waterfall located at northeastern Lake Waikaremoana in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20886613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886613" title="Tigemonam">
Tigemonam

Tigemonam is a monobactam antibiotic.

</doc>
<doc id="20886651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886651" title="Mike Fiore (baseball, born 1966)">
Mike Fiore (baseball, born 1966)

Mike Fiore (born May 4, 1966) is a noted amateur and professional baseball player. An outfielder, first baseman, third baseman, and designated hitter, he batted from the right side and threw with his right hand.
Baseball career.
Amateur.
Fiore played college baseball for the University of Miami from 1985 to 1988. He was a key contributor to their victory in the 1985 College World Series, and was the school's lone representative on the All-Tournament team at the 1986 College World Series, where Miami was eliminated in the 14th game. The next year, he was the inaugural winner of the Dick Howser Trophy He was ultimately inducted into the University of Miami Sports Hall of Fame.
He won a silver medal as a member of the United States national baseball team at the 1987 Pan American Games and remained a member of the national team in 1988, representing the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where America won a gold medal (unofficial due to the competition's status as a demonstration sport), and the 1988 Baseball World Cup, where he won a silver medal and was recognized as the designated hitter on the tournament's All Star Team.
Fiore was also one of nine finalists for the Golden Spikes Award that year, which was awarded to Robin Ventura of Oklahoma State University.
Professional.
The St. Louis Cardinals selected Fiore in the 15th round of the 1988 Major League Baseball Draft, but he never reached the major leagues. He played for the class A Springfield Cardinals in 1989, the advanced class A St. Petersburg Cardinals in 1990, and the class AA Arkansas Travelers in 1991.
Post-playing career.
After his retirement as a player, he worked for USA Baseball, eventually advancing to the position of general manager. He later joined the staff of sports agent Scott Boras, who had been Fiore's representative during his playing career.

</doc>
<doc id="20886658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886658" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 53 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 53 (2008)

Ballot Measure 53 was a legislatively referred constitutional amendment ballot measure for the May 20, 2008 primary election ballot in the state of Oregon. The measure amended the Oregon Constitution and was narrowly passed by the voters after an automatically triggered recount was taken.
Background.
In November 2000 voters amended the by approving the ballot Measure 3, the Oregon Property Protection Act of 2000. The amendment imposed several restrictions on the ability of state and local governments to civilly forfeit property. This measure modified some of the restrictions on civil forfeiture of property.
At the time this measure was put forward, Oregon's constitution required that a person's property may be forfeited only if the person is convicted of a crime. In addition, the forfeiting agency must show by clear and convincing evidence that the property was an instrumentality of that crime, or proceeds of that crime.
This measure would allow civil forfeiture of instrumentalities and proceeds of other crimes that are similar to the crime that a person is convicted of committing, even though the person is not convicted of committing those other crimes. The measure required notice to the person and opportunity to challenge the seizure and forfeiture.
This measure also specified circumstances in which property may be forfeited without a criminal conviction. The measure would allow forfeiture if the person took the property with intent to defeat forfeiture, the person knew or should have known that the property constituted proceeds or instrumentality of criminal conduct, or the person acquiesced in the criminal conduct.
It also modified the standard of proof in civil forfeiture proceedings, requiring proof by preponderance of evidence to forfeit personal property, and proof by clear and convincing evidence to forfeit real property. The measure made an exception for cash, weapons or negotiable instruments found in close proximity to controlled substances or instrumentalities of criminal conduct, providing that claimant must prove by preponderance of evidence that the property is not subject to forfeiture.
The measure removed the prohibition on using forfeited property for law enforcement purposes, and removes the cap on the amount of property that may be applied against the costs of the forfeiture proceeding.
This measure made it so that forfeiture of animals were not subject to the Oregon Property Protection Act of 2000 and made various other housekeeping amendments to the act.
Estimate of Financial Impact.
The direct financial impact of the measure to state and local governments was indeterminate due to the inability to accurately predict the number of civil forfeitures that may occur. If the frequency of civil forfeitures increases, then the amount of money going to the state and local jurisdictions would increase correspondingly. Any assets forfeited under the measure were distributed as follows: to the satisfaction of any foreclosed liens, security interests and contracts in the order of their priority; to the state or any of its political subdivisions for actual and reasonable expenses; and to the state or any of its political subdivisions for drug treatment programs. The measure would increase the revenue to the state and its political subdivisions, but the extent of the increase was unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20886661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886661" title="Bane, Nigeria">
Bane, Nigeria

Bane is a village in Ogoni territory, in Rivers State, Nigeria. Located within the Ken-Khana kingdom, Bane was the birthplace of chief Jim Wiwa.

</doc>
<doc id="20886667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886667" title="Uniontown Historic District">
Uniontown Historic District

Uniontown Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20886687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886687" title="WFCL">
WFCL

WFCL (91.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Nashville, Tennessee. The station is owned by Vanderbilt Student Communications, Inc., and is operated by Nashville Public Radio, the licensee of Nashville's main NPR member stations, WPLN-FM-AM. 
History.
From 1971 to June 7, 2011, the 91.1 FM frequency was occupied by Vanderbilt University's WRVU, a college radio station. The University's student communications division made the decision to sell the station, despite public outcry, because of declining student participation and the desire to establish an endowment fund for VU's other student media. Nashville Public Radio, which had long been exploring the possibility of making WPLN-FM a full-time news and talk outlet, decided to purchase WRVU for $3.35 million in order to air the station's classical music library. Until the FCC approves the purchase, Nashville Public Radio will operate WFCL under a management agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="20886703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886703" title="USRC Mackinac (1903)">
USRC Mackinac (1903)

USRC "Mackinac", later USCGC "Mackinac", was a patrol boat that served in the United States Revenue Cutter Service from 1903 to 1915 and in the United States Coast Guard from 1915 to 1917 and from 1919 to 1939.
Construction and commissioning.
USRC "Mackinac" was launched on 11 October 1902 by the Spedden Company at Baltimore, Maryland. She was commissioned into the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service on 29 October 1903, the first ship of the Revenue Cutter Service to bear the name.
Operations on the Great Lakes and Massachusetts coast 1903-1917.
Upon commissioning, "Mackinac" was assigned to duty on the Great Lakes as a boarding boat at Erie, Pennsylvania.
She left the Great Lakes briefly in the spring of 1905 for service along the Massachusetts coast, but on 25 April 1905 she was ordered to return to the Great Lakes, specifically to proceed to Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, for "customs duty, and enforce the rules and regulations governing the movement and anchorages of vessels in the St. Mary's River." She arrived at Sault Ste. Marie on 28 June 1905. When the Great Lakes iced over for the winter, she was placed out of service at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on 1 December 1905 to await the opening of navigation in the spring of 1906.
Until 1917, "Mackinac" operated in the Great Lakes each year during the navigation season and was laid up each winter when ice closed the lakes to navigation.
When the United States Coast Guard was created in 1915 by the merger of the Revenue Cutter Service with the United States Lifesaving Service, "Mackinac", redesignated USCGC "Mackinac", became part of the new Coast Guard.
United States Navy service 1917-1919.
When the United States entered World War I in 1917, "Mackinac"s Great Lakes routine ended when she was taken over by the United States Navy for use as a patrol boat. As USS "Mackinac", she served in the Atlantic in the 3rd Naval District during the war, patrolling the United States East Coast. She was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register and returned to the Coast Guard on 28 August 1919, once again becoming USCGC "Mackinac". 
Coast Guard career 1919-1939.
Upon her return to the Coast Guard, "Mackinac" was stationed at Boston, Massachusetts, from which she patrolled the New England coast for the remainder of her Coast Guard career, .
Decommissioning.
"Mackinac" was decommissioned on 8 June 1939

</doc>
<doc id="20886716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886716" title="Insanabad">
Insanabad

Insanabad is a village of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°5'55N 72°3'50E with an altitude of 288 metres (948 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20886736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886736" title="Claudia Rueda">
Claudia Rueda

Claudia Rueda is a Colombian picture book author, whose works include "Nacho and Lolita" and "My Little Polar Bear". Her
books have been published in the United States, Spain and Mexico, and have been translated into French, Danish, Portuguese, Korean and Chinese. Her book "Is it big or is it little?" was written about in the "New York Times"
Fun Facts.
Claudia Rueda was born in Bogota, Colombia with one older sister, one younger, and one younger brother. In her childhood she and her sisters attended a school for girls while her brother was left to face childhood without his beloved sister. In her later years she earned a "Master in Fine Arts" at Leslie University after having worked very hard. Her husband, and herself now have two daughter, six nieces, and three nephews. She dedicates most of her books to her nieces and nephews, and other loved ones. She loves hearing about new species, new discoveries, and fun activities her nieces and nephews are getting involved with. A top-of-the-line family mother was born in Claudia Rueda. Being a native Spanish speaker she is glad that her books have been published into several languages including English, Dutch, French, Chinese, etc. Claudia Rueda is definitely one of a kind!
Published books.
"Is it big or is it little?" (Eerdmans Books for Young Readers, 2013)
"No" (Groundwood, 2010),
"My Little Polar Bear" (Scholastic, 2009),
"Let's Play in the Forest" (Scholastic, 2006),
"Nacho and Lolita" (Scholastic, 2005)
Awards.
2011 CCBC choice (Univ.Wisconsin),
2009 Oppenheim Platinum Award,
2007 National Parenting Publications Gold Award,
2006 CHILD Magazine Best Children’s Books,
Colombian IBBY Honor List
Biographical and Critical Sources.
Periodicals
Interviews.
Taller Espantapajaros. [http://www.espantapajaros.com/articulos/ar_li_2.php]
Online
Claudia Rueda Home Page, [http://www.claudiarueda.com] (October 17, 2007).*
Open Library. [http://openlibrary.org/a/OL1431572A]
Biblioteca Luis Angel Arango [http://www.lablaa.org/blaavirtual/ninos/sitio_lectura/2007/noviembre_libhonores.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20886739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886739" title="City Pacific">
City Pacific

City Pacific is an Australian company established in 1997 by Phil Sullivan as a financial investment manager. It is the holder of Australian Financial Services licence No. 230025., and was listing on the ASX in July 2001.
History.
On 14 January 2008, City Pacific launched a $1.4 billion scrip bid for Gold Coast operator MFS Limited (now Octaviar), however the bid failed.
Redemptions and distributions have been frozen since early 2008, and the First Mortgage Fund has been declared illiquid by CP.
The chairman of the board of directors is Philip Graeme Downie (FCA).
Recent events.
On 3 August 2009, receivers and managers were appointed to the company following a court decision that awarded control of a mortgage fund, the companies principal source of income as its manager, to rival Balmain Trilogy.
This followed City Pacific freezing redemptions on the fund and unitholders voicing their anger at the companies management fees for controlling the fund. In October 2008, Phil Sullivan, a former bankrupt, left the fund partly as a result of death threats made against him.

</doc>
<doc id="20886751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886751" title="2005 BC Lions season">
2005 BC Lions season

The 2005 BC Lions finished in first place in the West Division with a 12–6 record. They appeared in the West Final.
Playoffs.
Scotiabank West Championship.
VANCOUVER – On the heels of his benching against Calgary, it seemed likely that Edmonton head coach Danny Maciocia would leave Ricky Ray as the backup for the West final against the BC Lions. However, Maciocia said mid-week that Ray would start, leaving Jason Maas remaining as the backup. In BC, Dave Dickenson unsurprisingly got the start over former Most Outstanding Player Casey Printers, leading some to joke that four of the CFL's best quarterbacks would be in this game.

</doc>
<doc id="20886754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886754" title="Pangborn">
Pangborn

Pangborn is an English surname, derived from Pangbourne, a village in Berkshire. Variants include Pangburn. There are several people and places with this name. 

</doc>
<doc id="20886797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886797" title="Susan Noel">
Susan Noel

Susan Diana Barham Noel-Powell (8 June 1912 – October 1991) was an English squash and tennis player.
Achievements in squash.
Noel won the British Open three times in a row from 1932 to 1934. She won the final in straight sets on all three occasions. She was also the runner-up at the championship in 1939, when she lost to Margot Lumb.
Noel also won the US National Championships in 1933. She also captured the Atlantic Coast Women's Squash Championships title in 1933, defeating Cecily Fenwick in the final.
Achievements in tennis.
Partnering Jadwiga Jędrzejowska, Noel finished runner-up in the women's doubles at the French Championships in 1936. Noel and Jędrzejowska lost in the final Simone Mathieu and Billie Yorke 2–6, 6–4, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="20886825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886825" title="The Tiny Bell Trio">
The Tiny Bell Trio

The Tiny Bell Trio is the second album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the first to feature his Tiny Bell Trio. It was released on the Canadian Songlines label in 1994 and features performances by Douglas, Brad Shepik and Jim Black.
The Allmusic review by David R. Adler states "the Tiny Bell Trio produces a remarkably full sound despite its sparse instrumentation... Douglas's goal here is to absorb musical influences from the Balkans and Europe... As an early glimpse of Douglas's unconventional brilliance, this one is well worth checking out". The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20886826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886826" title="List of University of Southampton people">
List of University of Southampton people

This is a list of University of Southampton people, including famous officers, staff (past and present) and student alumni from the University of Southampton or historical institutions from which the current university derives.
Officers.
Chancellors.
Hartley Institution and Hartley College.
Chancellors were known as Principals before the formation of University College
University College.
Chancellors were known as Presidents before the formation of University
Vice-Chancellors.
University College.
Vice-Chancellors were known as Principals before the formation of University
Other.
Selected past and current Pro-Chancellors
Staff.
Current and former notable members of academic staff by University of Southampton departments:
Students.
Former notable students at Southampton include:

</doc>
<doc id="20886836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886836" title="Den Atelier">
Den Atelier

Den Atelier is an indoor music venue in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. It is located in Hollerich, and holds up to 1,200 people. The name is an amalgam of Luxembourg's two main languages: 'atelier' being French for 'workshop' and 'den' being Luxembourgish for 'the'. The venue is located in a former Renault truck garage. 
The idea to found "Den Atelier" was motivated by the fact that in the 90’s there was no place in Luxembourg that showcased international Rock, Alternative Rock and Indie bands. The idea was to create a space similar to the "Ancienne Belgique" in Brussels, "Paradiso" in Amsterdam or the "Bataclan" in Paris.
Since being founded in 1995, it has hosted a number of world-famous headlining acts, including The Arctic Monkeys, Tori Amos (twice), Blue October, Blondie (twice), Avril Lavigne, The Corrs, Cyndi Lauper, Good Charlotte, Megadeth (twice), Motörhead, Muse, Wolfmother, My Chemical Romance, Simple Plan, Queens of the Stone Age (twice), Razorlight, The Smashing Pumpkins, and Brandon Flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20886848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886848" title="Electricity sector in Iraq">
Electricity sector in Iraq

As of June 2013, the output of electricity sector in Iraq averages more than 10,000 MW, while the demand is typically more than 14,000 MW. 
In 2006, the average peak electricity supply was 4,280 MW falling short of demand averaged 8,180 MW by about 3,950 MW. According to U.S. agency officials, demand for electricity has been stimulated by a growing economy and a surge in consumer purchases of appliances and electronics. In addition, electricity is subsidized in Iraq, which leads to increased demand. If the Ministry of Electricity’s master plan for 2006 to 2015 to rehabilitate and expand the national grid is successful, the ministry estimates that Iraq will be able to meet its projected demand for electricity in 2009
Infrastructure.
Iraq's electricity infrastructure consists of a network of 
History.
Electricity entered Iraq for the first time in 1917 where the first electric machine was installed in "Khan Dala" building.
1990.
Prior to the Gulf War, the total installed generating capacity was 9,295 MW with a peak demand of about 5,100 MW. Approximately 87% of the population had access to electricity.
A combination of wars, sanctions, looting and vandalism has however, severely affected the entire power system infrastructure in Iraq.
1991-2003.
During the 1991 Gulf War the electricity system suffered severe damage. Several transmission lines were put out of service, substations were damaged. While some of the damage of the 1991 war was repaired and about 4,500 MW of generating capacity was available in 1999 when Iraq reorganized its electricity sector. The sector was separated from the Ministry of Industry, and the Commission of Electricity (CoE) was established on June 21, 1999. About 4500 MW of generating capacity became available by the end of 2002, power supply remained insufficient and unreliable. Programmed load shedding and unplanned power outages were frequent.
Post 2003 war.
Although the power system was not significantly affected by the last conflict, capacity was reduced to approximately 3,300 MW by a combination of further breakdowns, lack of spares and interruption of major maintenance cycles. The balance between generation versus demand as reported on 18/July/2004 by the PCO (Agency responsible for Coalition projects following the CPA, which completed its mandate as of 30/June/2004) is as follows:
Lack of electricity tends to affect more severely the most vulnerable groups of Iraq’s society and increases their morbidity and mortality. Ongoing efforts need to be maintained and new actions to increase electricity supply need to be initiated. In addition, significant delays have been occurring in the reconstruction work that is underway and more security related bottlenecks are expected. Baghdad, a city of 6 million (representing 1/3 of Iraq’s population) is still subjected to programmed load shedding on a rolling basis (roughly 3 hrs on 3 hrs off). This is often exacerbated by unforeseen events. For example, on 2 June and 26 July 2004, segments of Baghdad were left without power for 16 and 21 hours, respectively. These events took place in weather that is exceedingly hot. In a country with 39.7% of its population under 15 years, these events don’t go unnoticed and the need to add generating capacity to the grid is most pressing.
Prewar Baghdad had (16-24) hours per day and was favored for distribution, the remainder of Iraq received 4–8 hours per day. Post war, Baghdad no longer has priority and therefore both Baghdad and the country as a whole received on average 15.5 hours every day as of February 2010.
Generation.
The 1990 installed capacity of 9,295 MW consisted of 120 power-generating units in various thermal, gas turbine and hydroelectric power stations. Approximately 70% of Iraq’s installed power generating capacity was damaged or destroyed during the 1991 Gulf War. All major power stations were damaged and nearly 80% of the gas turbines units were affected. After 1991, only about 50 units were available, with a generation capacity of 2,325 MW. The construction work on three new large thermal power stations at Yousifiya, Al-Shemal and Al-Anbar were stopped, because of the ensuing sanctions.
Thermal power stations.
The majority of the power plants in Iraq were built between the mid-1970s and 1980s, with a few small gas-fired plants commissioned in 2003. The majority of the existing power plants are thermal plants that use crude oil supported by gas-fired and hydro plants.
Local diesel generators.
These are either small generators for a capacity of a house or large enough to supply a block of houses within the neighborhood supplying power for monthly fees, 14.2 US cent/kWHr.
Iraq rebuilding projects.
In 2005 the World Bank estimated that US$12 billion would be needed for near-term restoration, and the Ministry of Electricity estimated that US$35 billion would be necessary to rebuild the system fully.

</doc>
<doc id="20886861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886861" title="Margaret Lumley Brown">
Margaret Lumley Brown

Margaret Lumley Brown was an occult figure of the 20th century. She took over the leadership of the Society of the Inner Light upon the death of Dion Fortune.

</doc>
<doc id="20886866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886866" title="Jules Marcel de Coppet">
Jules Marcel de Coppet

Jules Marcel de Coppet (1881–1968) was a French colonial administrator stationed in several countries in Africa before becoming governor-general of French West Africa.
He was also an intellectual and literary leader in the French world of his time, along with André Gide and Roger Martin du Gard.
Biography.
Coppet was governor of the colony of Dahomey from 1933 until 1934. From 7 May 1934 to 18 July 1935, he governed French Somaliland.
Succeeding Jules Brévié, he became governor-general of French West Africa on September 27, 1936 and retained the position until July 14, 1938. Upon his departure, Léon Geismar took over for a few months until the arrival of Pierre Boisson.
He also oversaw the creation of an encyclopedia devoted to Madagascar which was published in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20886868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886868" title="Margot Lumb">
Margot Lumb

Margot Lumb was an English squash player who won the British Open five times in a row from 1935-39. She won all five finals in straight sets. She was also the runner-up at the championshipship in 1934, when she lost to Susan Noel.
Lumb also won the United States Hardball National Championship in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20886873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886873" title="Andrew Florent">
Andrew Florent

Andrew Florent (born 24 October 1970, in Melbourne, Australia), is a former professional tennis player from Australia. 
Florent enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 3 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 10 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 13 in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20886876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886876" title="Lorrenzo Wade">
Lorrenzo Wade

Lorrenzo Wade (born November 23, 1985) is an American former collegiate basketball player for the Louisville Cardinals and San Diego State Aztecs basketball teams. He currently playing professionally in Argentina.
High school career.
Lorrenzo Wade went to high school at Cheyenne High School, North Las Vegas, Nevada. There he averaged 14 points and 4 rebounds in 2001-02 and had a 30-5 record and was a state runner-up. In 2003 he was in the first-team all-state, all-region and all-division selection. Wade was named co-MVP of the 2003 state tournament where he averaged 21.5 points in six postseason games helping Cheyenne to its first-ever state title. He scored 20 points and had 22 rebounds in the state title game after recording 22 points and 14 rebounds in the semifinals. In 2002-03 they had compiled a record of 31-1. Wade played his prep season of high school basketball at Hargrave Military Academy in Virginia and averaged 14.3 points. He led his team to a 25-1 1 record and won the prep national championship.
Collegiate career.
2004-05.
Wade was part of a Louisville team that went to the Final Four, as Wade appeared in 31 games, averaging 3.9 points per game in 10 mins per outing. Wade's best game of the season came against Tennessee State when Wade scored a then-career-high 14 points on Jan. 2, 2005, on 5-of-8 shooting.
2005-06.
Wade made the decision transfer to San Diego State following his freshman year, and as per NCAA regulations, was forced to sit out for the entire season.
2006-07.
Wade started 24 of 33 games in his first season with the Aztecs, and his 10.5 points and 5.3 rebounds per game garnered him an Honorable mention to the all-Mountain West Conference team. In a loss to Syracuse in the second round of the NIT, Wade scored 16 points and notched eight rebounds in an 80-64 loss.
2007-08.
Wade enjoyed his best season to date, averaging 14.8 points (lead team) and 3.6 (lead team) assists per game, as he was named to the first-team all-Mountain West Conference team. Wade's best game of the season included a career-high 28 points against BYU on February 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20886891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886891" title="Edward de Courcy Clarke">
Edward de Courcy Clarke

Professor Edward de Courcy Clarke (1880 – 1956), was a teacher, researcher and field geologist, winner of the Clarke Medal in 1954.
Biography.
Clarke was born in Waimate, New Zealand, and studied at the University of Auckland, graduating in 1901.
After teaching and geological work in New Zealand, Clarke joined the Geological Survey of Western Australia, serving 1912–20. Clarke was then appointed Lecturer-in-charge of the Department of Geology in the University of Western Australia, and retired as Professor in 1948.
The "Edward de Courcy Clarke Earth Science Museum" was named in his honour in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20886898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886898" title="XM-736 8-inch projectile">
XM-736 8-inch projectile

The XM-736 8-inch projectile was a binary howitzer round that was designed to carry the nerve agent VX. After the suspension of the testing in 1982, models indicated the shell could be unstable in flight due to the liquid properties of VX. However, instabilities were not observed during earlier testing, and it is unknown if instabilities in the shell were ever found.

</doc>
<doc id="20886927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886927" title="Never Ever (Ciara song)">
Never Ever (Ciara song)

"Never Ever" is a song performed by R&B singer Ciara. It was the first single released from her third studio album, "Fantasy Ride". The song features rapper Young Jeezy, was produced by Polow da Don, and was co-written by Ciara and Elvis “BlacElvis” Williams, who both produced and co-wrote Ciara's single, "Promise", from her second album, "".
Background.
For "Never Ever", Ciara collaborated with previous collaborator and associate Polow da Don, as well as Blac Elvis. Ciara previously worked with the two on a previous single, "Promise" (2006). Polow da Don told MTV News, "We both came up and were raised in the same camp. We've known each other for a long time." When talking about the working relationship between him and Ciara, he replied, "We actually just have this natural chemistry that I don't even have with some of my own artists. I understand her and I understand what she should be doing. I look at it like this: When I work with her, I'm a fan, and this is what I want her to be doing." Polow da Don went on to compare he and Ciara as having the formula to becoming the new Aaliyah and Timbaland, a famed singer-producer combination in the late 1990s.
Polow da Don also called the song a "hard midtempo", calling it an R&B version of a hard rap track, commenting, "where dudes can ride around in their cars and listen to R&B and not feel like a girl." Polow went on to call it "hard like a rap record", and said that was the reason why Young Jeezy didn't have a problem adding his contributions to it. Ciara went on to characterize the song as "one of those real records." She elaborated on that in particular on the set of the video shoot for the song, explaining: "I can relate to it myself. I've been in a relationship before where I've given 100 percent, and I feel like I was given 80 percent. I fought so long to try and keep it up — keep it afloat and to keep it together, and you got to realize that if somebody's not going to want to — and the key word is 'want to' — love you the same way you love them, then it shouldn't be. It's a real situation, and it seems to be very common nowadays in conversations about love and relationships. I definitely know should be talked about, and I've experienced it before."
The song's chorus samples the 1972 worldwide hit, "If You Don't Know Me by Now", by popular Philadelphia soul musical group, "Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes". Because of that, the song's writers and producers Kenneth Gamble and Leon Huff, known as the songwriting and production duo Gamble and Huff received songwriting credits
Critical reception.
Since its release, the song has been met with favorable reviews from critics.
Idio Magazine gave the song a positive review, stating that "The best artists are skilled at switching between a variety of musical styles and lyrical themes. In Ciara's case, complementing her club bangers "(Goodies, 1,2 Step, Get Up, Go Girl)" are slower, more laid-back jams "(And I, Promise, Can’t Leave 'Em Alone)". Staying true to that gameplan, she has re-enlisted 'Promise' producer Polow da Don for the latest single from her long-awaited junior album, Fantasy Ride."
The magazine goes on to say that the single is "a smooth track encouraging females not to let their unrequited love for any man ruin their lives, but CiCi doesn’t neglect to provide a male perspective: enter Young Jeezy, who delivers a guest verse reminiscent of his contribution on Usher's ""Love in This Club"". In a nutshell, Never Ever has something for everyone."
Andy Kellman of Allmusic noted the song as one of the standout tracks on "Fantasy Ride".
Release and chart performance.
The single was sent to impact urban and mainstream/pop radio on January 19, 2009. Since its release at radio, the single has quickly garnered airplay success, even though major promotion hasn't begun yet, and despite a music video not previously being released. Starting on January 24, The song was promoted as the featured single on Myspace.
As of January 21, the song has garnered enough airplay that it debuted on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles at number 5. This single debuted on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles at number 70, becoming the highest debut of the week for January 29, 2009. The following week, the single made a jump from number 70 to number 58 on the same chart. The same week, the single debuted on the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart at number 38, also becoming the highest debut of the week for this chart. As of February 12, 2009, the single has peaked at number 54 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
Since its first week of availability, the song has sold 15,000 downloads, according to Nielsen SoundScan. On the week of February 25, the song debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 chart at #96 and is currently climbing up the iTunes Top 100 chart with a current peak position of #67. The single peaked at #66 on the Billboard 100. Although, the song had a low peak, it lasted in the Billboard Hot 100 for 15 weeks. The single peaked at #9 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, becoming Ciara's eleventh top ten hit on that chart.
The song was also set to serve as the first single from "Fantasy Ride" in the United Kingdom and Ireland but was scrapped due to "Never Ever" performing poorly in the United States and because "Love Sex Magic" was already receiving attention. The song reached number #1 on the Sweden download charts on iTunes.
The song was due to be released as the third single in the United Kingdom, and the music video began circulating music channels, and local urban music stations (such as Kiss 100, and Choice FM) began rotating the song, however the original album version was not used, the Mike D Radio Mix version took its place, however when news was announced that Ciara was recording her fourth studio album, plans for the single were scrapped and the music video and single have been taken off stations playlists. Due to minor promotion, the single did not chart.
Music video.
Ciara shot the music video for the single in Atlanta in January 2009.
The video begins with Ciara and a group of her friends discussing the characteristics of unrequited love with the Ciara song Promise playing in the background, which leads to a scene with Ciara dancing in her penthouse apartment. This scene is mixed with footage of a montage of close-ups with Ciara reciting the song (these clips are shown throughout the whole video). We are then introduced to a party scene, where Ciara and her boyfriend, portrayed by actor Kevin Phillips, are seen dancing with each other. While dancing, her boyfriend glances at another girl in the party - Ciara catches this and walks off, where her boyfriend then catches her and grabs her arm. The video then cuts to a dance sequence, with Ciara and her back-up dancers, in the middle of the crowd in the party. All the while, Ciara and her boyfriend are still arguing. Young Jeezy's scene in front of a golden backdrop is then shown, with Ciara standing beside him. Meanwhile, Al Horford comes up to Ciara, introduces himself, and asks her to dance. Realizing that she needs to let go of this frustrating relationship with her boyfriend and move on, she accepts. The video closes out with Ciara reciting the last line of the song, "If that boy don't love you by now..."
Live performances.
Ciara performed the song on May 12, 2009 on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. She also performed the song at London's G-A-Y nightclub.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Never Ever".

</doc>
<doc id="20886930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886930" title="Buchanan, New South Wales">
Buchanan, New South Wales

Buchanan is a locality in the City of Maitland, New South Wales, Australia.
It is the intended location of one of the interchanges on the proposed Hunter Expressway and the preferred location for a regional freight hub.

</doc>
<doc id="20886932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886932" title="Dorothy Sarnoff">
Dorothy Sarnoff

Dorothy Sarnoff (c. 1914 – December 24, 2008) was an American operatic soprano, musical theatre actress, and self-help guru. She had an active performing career from the late 1930s through the 1950s, during which time she sang in several operas with the New York City Opera and created several roles on Broadway, most notably Lady Thiang in the original 1951 cast of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s "The King and I". After her performing career ended she launched a second highly successful career as an image consultant to business executives, politicians, and other public figures. Sarnoff’s personal client list included many notable figures, including U.S. president Jimmy Carter, Israeli prime minister Menachem Begin, best-selling author Danielle Steel, and designer Paloma Picasso. She also wrote a number of self-help books.
Biography.
Birth and education.
Sarnoff was born in Brooklyn. She graduated from the Berkeley Institute in 1931 and attended Cornell University, where she studied English and public speaking. As a participant in the school's glee club, she developed an interest in singing, and traveled to France for vocal training after receiving her bachelor's degree in 1935.
Opera and Broadway.
Back in the United States, Sarnoff performed with the NBC Symphony Orchestra and the St. Louis Municipal Opera. She sang the role of Miss Pinkerton in the 1939 world premiere at New York City's Radio City Music Hall of the one-act radio opera "The Old Maid and the Thief" by Gian Carlo Menotti. She reached the finals of the Auditions of the Air talent competition run by the Metropolitan Opera, which helped her land a contract with the Philadelphia Opera Company (POC). She made her debut with the POC on January 13, 1942 as Antonia in "Les contes d'Hoffmann". She sang several more roles with the company over the next three months, including Mimì in "La bohème", Rosalinde in Johann Strauss II's "Die Fledermaus", and Gracieuse in the world premiere of Deems Taylor's "Ramuntcho". She later sang Marguerite in Charles Gounod's "Faust" with the Philadelphia La Scala Opera Company in 1946.
In October 1942 Sarnoff made her Broadway debut in the title role of "Rosalinda", the New Opera Company’s long-running English-language version of "Die Fledermaus" that had been adapted by Erich Wolfgang Korngold. Sarnoff appeared in more than 500 performances of the production. In 1945 she made her debut with the New York City Opera portraying the title role in Puccini's "Tosca". She sang several more roles with the company over the next three seasons, including Marguerite, Mimì, Nedda in Ruggero Leoncavallo's "Pagliacci", and Micaela in Georges Bizet's "Carmen".
Sarnoff returned to Broadway in 1948 as Maria the short-lived musical "Magdalena". The production was notably the first work by composer Heitor Villa-Lobos to be mounted on Broadway. The year 1951 proved to be a banner year for Sarnoff when she portrayed Lady Thiang in the original Broadway cast of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s "The King and I". As the king's head wife she introduced the classic song "Something Wonderful" and the song "Western People Funny". Apparently actor Yul Brynner, who played the King of Siam, taught her how to tense her abdominal muscles as a means of dealing with nervousness. Her last role on Broadway was Jessica Farrow, a plantation owner’s daughter, in "My Darlin' Aida", a 1952 musical based on the Giuseppe Verdi's opera "Aida" that transplanted the stories setting from ancient Egypt to Memphis, Tennessee during the American Civil War. The production starred Elaine Malbin in the title role and closed after just 89 performances.
Speech instruction.
While having dinner with a publisher in the mid-1960s, she bemoaned the focus in women's magazines on beauty and clothing and was encouraged to pursue the subject of vocal quality. She started a program called "Speech Cosmetics", charging $25 for a sequence of six classes at the Alexander's department store in which women could learn to become better public speakers.
A first semester was offered in October 1965 and a second semester in January 1966 featured both afternoon and evening sessions. The curriculum focused on helping women learn to improve the defects in their speech while emphasizing and highlighting what's attractive. The key phrase she used throughout the course was "sing a song of sixpence, a pocketful of rye", which contains what she described as the worst elements in the New York dialect, the "ng" sound and the mispronunciation of single vowels as diphthongs.
The program relocated to Manhattan's St. Moritz Hotel, with correspondingly higher prices for the course. This evolved into Speech Dynamics, which aimed to develop all aspects of personal presentation. Individual customers were paying $1,000 for her coaching sessions by the mid-1970s and she was receiving $2,000 per lecture. Her firm was purchased by Ogilvy & Mather in 1974, after the advertising agency sent two of its executives for training. Ogilvy & Mather proceeded to aggressively promote Sarnoff.
Speech Dynamics started with participants making a four-minute speech to Sarnoff focusing on their positive qualities. After listening to a recording of their speech, they would then identify the aspects of their speech that they would want to change and improve. Sarnoff would help address awkward mannerisms and eye movements and help improve posture and makeup. Her copyrighted mantra — "I'm glad I'm here" — was aimed at helping clients project the vibes of joy, concern and authority. as described by "The New York Times" in its obituary. Sarnoff "managed to combine the high tone of a traditional finishing school with the brand-building ethos of corporate consultancy".
Her clients included Prime Minister of Israel Menachem Begin, whom she helped to soften his demeanor; President Jimmy Carter, whom she instructed to tone down his smile; and United States Secretary of State Warren Christopher, whom she assisted to cut down on his blinking. She emphasized to her clients promoting books that they should mention the title of their work at least five to seven times in every interview.
She wrote several books, including 1970's "Speech Can Change Your Life", "Make the Most of Your Best" in 1981 and "Never be Nervous Again in 1987.
She died at age 94 on December 24, 2008 in her Manhattan home.

</doc>
<doc id="20886937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886937" title="Joan Curry">
Joan Curry

Joan Curry was an English squash player who won the British Open three times in a row from 1947-49. Her toughest victory was in 1948, when she beat the legendary Janet Morgan in five sets, 9–5, 9–0, 9–10, 6–9, 10–8. She was also the runner-up at the championship three consecutive times from 1950-52.

</doc>
<doc id="20886947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886947" title="Rocky Woods">
Rocky Woods

Rocky Woods is a open space preserve located in Medfield, Massachusetts. The preserve, managed by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, is notable for its rugged terrain. Rocky Woods offers of trails and former woods roads available for hiking, horseback riding, mountain biking, catch and release fishing, and cross country skiing. Rocky Woods is a spur link in the Bay Circuit Trail system. The preserve is part of a larger area of protected open space including the abutting Fork Factory Brook preserve, also managed by The Trustees of Reservations.
Terrain and History.
Rocky Woods contains rugged, granite hills and knolls with occasional scenic vistas, boulder caves, rock formations, narrow ravines and defiles, glacial erratics, and local boulders. Six pondlets (originally constructed as fire suppression pump ponds) are located on the property: Chickering Pond, Echo Pond, Notch Pond, June Pond, Little Chickering Pond, and part of an unnamed sixth pond. The rugged, rocky terrain of Rocky Woods was formed via glacial action during the last ice age through glacial plucking and scouring.
During the colonial 18th century, Rocky Woods had been divided into common land woodlots. A network of logging roads, paved with asphalt shingle scraps, were cut through the property in the 19th century and used to transport granite quarried on site.
The property was originally preserved by Dr. Joel Goldthwait in the 1920s, who donated the original parcels to The Trustees of the Reservations in 1942. Additional land acquired by other donors from 1946 through 1983 through more than ten gifts.
Recreation.
A network of trails span the property and connect with the abutting Fork Factory Brook reservation. The property contains a number of scenic vistas; most prominent is Cedar Hill, , which offers views to the east from eastern red cedar clad ledges. Dog walking is permitted on selected trails under The Trustees of Reservations "Green Dog" program. Swimming is prohibited. Preserve amenities include picnic tables and pavilion, playground, off street parking lots, and restrooms.
Rocky Woods shares a trailhead with Fork Factory Brook, located on Hartford Road in Medfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20886966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886966" title="1941 Florida hurricane">
1941 Florida hurricane

The 1941 Florida hurricane was a strong tropical cyclone that affected the Bahamas, Florida, and the southeastern United States in October 1941. The fifth known storm of the 1941 Atlantic hurricane season, it was first observed to the north of the Virgin Islands on October 3. The storm tracked generally westward through the Bahamas, reaching peak winds of . After moving across southern Florida, the hurricane emerged into the Gulf of Mexico and made another landfall along the Florida Panhandle. Turning northeast, it crossed Georgia and South Carolina, and entered the Atlantic Ocean on October 8.
In advance of the storm, preparations were extensive; residents boarded up homes and businesses, while evacuations were recommended in some coastal areas. In the Bahamas, where winds reached , the storm killed three people. The city of Nassau was struck particularly hard. In Florida, damage was relatively severe, and included the deaths of several people. High winds brought down trees and power lines, though the storm was characterized by highly unusual rainfall patterns. In the Everglades region, a storm surge flooded local streets. As the storm progressed northward, the city of Tallahassee suffered widespread power outages and damage to numerous vehicles. Throughout the state, the hurricane inflicted $675,000 USD ($ 2011 USD) in damage. The cyclone later killed one person in Georgia.
Meteorological history.
On October 3, the first indications of a tropical system were observed to the north of the Virgin Islands. The next day, morning observations confirmed the presence of a circulation center, and on October 5 the storm tracked through the Bahamas and passed near Nassau. At the time, the storm was found to be a compact, well-developed hurricane. The hurricane's lowest recorded barometric pressure of 964 mb was reported on Cat Island. The storm moved west-northwestward and attained peak winds of on October 6; that same day, it made landfall south of Miami, Florida. Maintaining a small size, the hurricane moved through the Everglades, passing between Everglades City and Fort Myers. Along the southern shore of Lake Okeechobee, winds gusted to ; barometric pressure there fell to 995 mb.
The storm entered the Gulf of Mexico and in a broad curve turned toward the northwest, tracking offshore along the west coast of Florida. It remained over open waters until the following day, when it made landfall at Carrabelle with a barometric pressure of 982 mb. Turning north and then northeast, the storm moved beyond Tallahassee and entered Georgia. It weakened as it progressed inland, and after passing through South Carolina, the storm re-emerged into the Atlantic Ocean early on October 8. While over water, the storm re-intensified. The cyclone was tracked for several more days as it moved toward the southeast, executed a small loop, and turned toward the east-northeast, passing south of Bermuda on the night of October 11/12. The storm became extratropical on October 13, fully dissipating the next day.
Preparations.
During the days before the storm's arrival in Florida, the Weather Bureau issued 40 tropical cyclone-related advisories. Extensive preparations that resulted in a low loss of life and property were attributed to the warnings. In southern Florida, residents boarded up homes and businesses, and sought shelter in large structures. Hurricane parties took place in bars and hotel rooms, while some residents sat in hotel lobbies, listening to radio broadcasts. In Miami, stores sold out of various essentials—including bread and butter—as people prepared for the storm.
Evacuations were recommended from Homestead to Key West, and three Coast Guard planes dropped warnings to boats near the Florida coast. The Civilian Conservation Corps also evacuated 150 of its workers from West Summerland Key to Key West.
Local chapters of the American Red Cross organized first-aid stations and shelters; transportation was provided to those who were unable to reach the shelters. In advance of the storm, Pan American World Airways suspended flights departing from and arriving at Miami and redirected them to Havana, Cuba. The United States Navy also prepared its bases in the Florida Keys for the arrival of the storm by securing boats to piers and canceling all shore leaves, while the United States Army Air Corps moved its planes from Morrison Field to a safer location inland. The state of Florida stockpiled food for those affected by the storm, establishing depots in West Palm Beach, Miami, and Fort Myers, and the Governor of Florida, Spessard Holland, ordered state agencies to prepare for relief work. A detachment of officers from the Florida Highway Patrol was sent to Miami and patrolled along highways to provide gasoline to motorists evacuating the storm. The state also opened all of the school buildings in Dade County as emergency shelters.
Impact.
Bahamas.
In the Bahamas, where considerable property damage was reported, the storm killed three people. Winds in Nassau, located on New Providence Island, reached . City streets were filled with debris, including a schooner, four sloops, and numerous other boats deposited by the winds on Nassau's Bay Street. The winds knocked down trees and power lines, resulting in fires and extensive power outages. Along the coast, boats were ripped from their moorings and smashed against seawalls. No casualties occurred in the city. A schooner, the "Goodwill II," sank during the storm. Properties and gardens received significant damage. On Cat Island, the storm produced of rainfall.
Two men, Christopher Whymss and Salathiel Johnson drowned near Andros Island after trying to reach shore from a drowning schooner. One man, Samuel Seymour, was killed on Cat Island after his home was toppled by the wind, and several other injuries were reported on the island. "Most homes, all churches, and most public buildings" on Cat Island were also destroyed by the storm. The storm also downed telephone lines and destroyed crops. As a result, the Duke of Windsor, governor-general of the Bahamas, cabled to the Red Cross for assistance, and a ship carrying "food, clothing, building materials and seeds" was quickly dispatched to Cat Island. According to a survey conducted a few days after the hurricane, 300 families on Cat Island were left homeless as were 120 families on Watlings Island. To aid these families, the Duke of Windsor announced on October 7 that he would establish a relief fund for those affected by the storm.
United States.
On making landfall, the storm generated high winds at the Fowey Rocks Light, although they were below hurricane force. A peak wind gust of was reported at Dinner Key with sustained winds up to . Unusually little rain fell in association with the storm; of precipitation was reported in Miami, while locations closer to the center of the cyclone received less than . The light rainfall was evident throughout southeastern Florida, except for the Florida Keys, where thunderstorms enhanced the precipitation. This aspect of the storm was considered highly unusual, as most tropical cyclones are characterized by heavy rainfall. According to one study, the unusual precipitation patterns can be attributed to one of two possible conditions: "the air might have been too dry", or "the horizontal convergence of air might have been insufficient to produce a large enough transport of moisture upwards". The intense winds blew salt water several miles inland; due to the lack of rainfall, the salt burned vegetation throughout the region. The high winds brought down trees and utility poles and shattered some windows in Dade County.
No deaths were reported in the region, although minor damage was inflicted on communication lines and homes and several injuries were reported. Several communities lost electricity. Some hospitals were left without power, forcing the delivery of six babies by candlelight. The storm injured seven people in the Miami area, including five firefighters who were injured "as they fought a blaze fanned by the high winds" of the hurricane. As the hurricane tracked inland, it passed over the Everglades, producing winds of . Storm surge in the region triggered foot-deep flooding of some streets in local towns. Docks and fishing equipment suffered extensive damage in the region. As the hurricane passed offshore, winds reached near Tampa Bay. The storm also grounded a fishing schooner from Cuba off the coast of Collier County, Florida. Although no one was injured, members of the schooner crew were detained by immigration authorities.
After emerging into the Gulf of Mexico, the hurricane made another landfall at Carrabelle on the Florida Panhandle. Winds in the region were estimated at , and barometric pressure fell to 982 mb. Along the coast, tides ran at up to above normal. In Tallahassee, the winds downed trees and power lines and scattered debris, rendering roads impassible. The "Tallahassee Democrat" reported that "at the height of the wind several hundred Tallahasseeans were seen rushing into their yard to gather pecans which were knocked down by the swaying trees". The storm destroyed vehicles throughout the region; replacement automobiles were sparse, as assembly plants were producing cars for the Army. Despite a lack of electricity due to the winds, the "Tallahassee Democrat" managed to publish 6,000 copies of a special storm edition. Initial fears of severe damage along the coast prompted rescue crews to push toward St. Marks; however, upon arrival a group of local residents convinced the crew that their assistance was unnecessary. Considerable crop and property damage was reported; total losses in the state were estimated at $675,000 USD ($ in today's terms). Seven injuries were reported, and five men drowned in the storm tide at a fishing net drying yard in Panacea, Florida. Initially, there were reports of 20 missing fishermen. Thirty-four Cuban fishermen were also trapped off the coast near Carrabelle, Florida, when ten boats ran aground and were damaged after the storm surge subsided. The fishermen's supply of food was destroyed by salt water, but they were rescued by the Coast Guard cutter "Nemesis" without any injuries. After their rescue, they reported that five men had drowned in a small boat nearby.
The storm was still producing high wind gusts as it tracked into Georgia, killing one person and leaving a trail of considerable damage as far north as Albany. The single death in Georgia was a 16-year-old girl, Frances Hester, of Pavo, Georgia, who died after tripping over an electrical wire downed by the storm. Up to of rain fell within the state. The storm passed through South Carolina with little damage. Throughout parts of the southeastern United States, rainfall associated with the hurricane was unusually light and unevenly distributed along its track.

</doc>
<doc id="20886969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886969" title="Mike Smith (jazz saxophonist)">
Mike Smith (jazz saxophonist)

Michael "Mike" Smith (born March 3, 1957) is an American jazz saxophonist who has released albums as leader on Delmark Records, and his own labels Fastrax and Underground Labs.
Smith graduated in 1980 from the University of North Texas and played in the famed One O'Clock Lab Band. He studied with notable saxophone professor Jim Riggs.
That same year, he moved to Chicago. He toured with the Maynard Ferguson and Buddy Rich bands in the early 80s. While he was with Buddy Rich, he toured with Frank Sinatra. Since 1981, he has worked for both Frank Sinatra and Frank Sinatra Jr. as featured saxophonist and music contractor. In 1985, he won a National Endowment for the Arts award. In 1993, he won the Cannonball Adderley Award for alto saxophone. He has recorded and performed with Tony Bennett, Harry Connick, Jr., Nancy Wilson, Art Farmer and Nat Adderley. Mike has had a weekly spot at Andy's Jazz Club in Chicago for over thirty years. Currently, he is professor of saxophone at Roosevelt University, Chicago College of Performing Arts. In addition, he is a clinician and performing artist for Silver Eagle Saxophones and Rico Reeds. Mike is currently on the design team for the Verne Q. Powell Group. Working with Chris French and John Weir they are building and producing an American made saxophone in Elkhart, Indiana. This high end professional instrument will be called "The Silver Eagle" by Verne Q,Powell

</doc>
<doc id="20886970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886970" title="Bulgaria–Mongolia relations">
Bulgaria–Mongolia relations

Bulgaria–Mongolia relations, are the bilateral relations between Bulgaria and Mongolia. Bulgaria has an embassy in Ulan Bator. Mongolia has an embassy in Sofia.
History.
The Mongol Empire invaded Bulgaria in 1242. This weakened the kingdom and it began losing territory to its neighbors. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were first initiated on 22 April 1950. Due to the similar ideological situation in both countries, their relations witnessed a steady development up until the 1990s.
Visits.
The Mongolian head of state visited Bulgaria in 2000. Bulgarian president Georgi Parvanov making an official visit to Ulan Bator in the summer of 2007.
Trade.
Until the beginning of the 1990s Bulgaria was Mongolia's 3rd biggest trading partner. Agricultural products and light industry goods were the main exports. Due to the subsequent economical and political changes in both countries the volume of trade shrank considerably. The volume of trade between Bulgaria and Mongolia totaled $2 million for 2008, with the main exporter being Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20886975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886975" title="Grey area">
Grey area

Grey area or gray area is a concept or topic that is unclear.
Grey area may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20886980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886980" title="Amália (film)">
Amália (film)

Amália is a 2008 Portuguese biographical film directed by Carlos Coelho da Silva and starring Sandra Barata, Carla Chambel and José Fidalgo. Barata portrays legendary Portuguese fado singer Amália Rodrigues; songs used in the film are recordings of Amália. The film has been criticised by some members of her family.

</doc>
<doc id="20886989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20886989" title="Battle of Tofrek">
Battle of Tofrek

The Battle of Tofrek (22 March 1885) was fought between the British forces under the leadership of General Gerald Graham and General John McNeil, against the Mahdist forces led by Osman Digna in the deserts of eastern Sudan.
Details.
On 22 March 1885, the 49th Regiment, 1st Royal Berkshire with Royal Marines and an Indian Contingent(comprising the Madras Sappers, the 17th Infantry and a few others), marched eight miles towards Tamai, Sudan to build three "zaribas" (i.e. "fortified bases"). While still unfinished, they were heavily attacked upon by Arabs of the Hadendoa tribe. After severe fighting enemy were driven off, losing 3000 killed and died of wounds. The Battalion lost 21 killed, 33 wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="20887022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887022" title="Gleb Shulpyakov">
Gleb Shulpyakov

Gleb Yuryevich Shulpyakov (; born 28 January 1971) is a Russian poet, essayist, novelist and translator. He is poetry editor for the literary magazine "Novaya Yunost." He was awarded the Triumph Prize in 2001. The first book of his to appear in English is "A Fireproof Box," translated by Christopher Mattison (Canarium Books, 2011).
Shulpyakov studied journalism at Moscow State University.

</doc>
<doc id="20887028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887028" title="John T. Coffee">
John T. Coffee

John Trousdale Coffee (December 14, 1816 – May 23, 1890) was a Missouri politician, elected to the State Senate and then to the House, where he was elected as Speaker of the House (1856–1858). During the American Civil War, he served as a Confederate officer in Missouri. In the late war, he moved to Waco, Texas, and later lived in Georgetown, where he practiced law again. He had a total of four wives and thirteen children.
Early life.
Coffee was born in Smith County, Tennessee where he taught himself law and was admitted to the bar. He moved to Springfield, Missouri in 1842 following the deaths of his father and first wife.
Marriage and family.
Coffee married his first wife in Tennessee. After her death in 1842, he migrated to Missouri, where he married again.
His second wife died in 1845, two weeks after childbirth. That year in September, he married for the third time. By the end of the Civil War, when they had moved to Waco, Texas, he had a total of seven children. After his wife's death, he moved with his family to Georgetown, Texas.
There he married for the fourth time. With his young wife, he had six more children.
Career.
Coffee practiced law in Springfield and Bolivar, Missouri.
He raised an army unit to participate in the Mexican-American War (1846–1848), but the war ended while they were en route to New Orleans.
Politician.
Coffee returned to Missouri in 1849, where he was elected as the circuit attorney for Dade County. He lived in Greenfield.
In 1854 he was elected to the Missouri State Senate. He resigned in 1855 to accept a captain position with the First U.S. Army Cavalry Regiment at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. After serving only four months, he resigned the captain position due to illness and returned to Greenfield.
In 1856 he argued to allow "squatter sovereignty" to solve the Bleeding Kansas problem (the argument was that Missourians should be allowed to vote deciding whether Kansas should be a slave state and they could do that by claiming land in Kansas). In 1857 he was a publisher of the Greenfield Southwest newspaper.
In 1858 Coffee ran again for the Missouri Senate but lost in the Democratic primary to B.H. Cravens. He ran for the Missouri House of Representatives and was elected Speaker of the Missouri House of Representatives in his first term. In 1860 he lost a Democratic primary for Missouri Secretary of State and returned to law practice.
Missouri militia.
With the beginning of the American Civil War, Coffee raised a regiment in Dade County and was commissioned as a colonel in the Confederate Army. After Sterling Price retreated from Missouri, Coffee stayed in the state. He harassed Union troops in skirmishes around Neosho, Missouri. One of his most famous skirmishes was the Battle of Lone Jack.
Coffee's troops were routed by Union troops on August 12, 1863 at Pineville when 60-70 of his men were killed. In October 1863 Coffee's troops captured the Union garrison in his hometown of Greenfield and burned the courthouse. Among the destroyed records was his land deed, which caused him to lose his land claim in Missouri.
After the Pineville conflict, Coffee was passed over for promotion for General Joseph O. Shelby, who was given command of Missouri forces. Coffee left for Arkansas, where he attempted unsuccessfully to recruit a new regiment. In late 1864 or early 1865, he moved to Waco, Texas with his large family.
Post-Civil War.
After the surrender of the Confederates, Coffee refused a request by Shelby to continue the fight under the flag of Emperor Maximilian of Mexico. He formally surrendered to George Armstrong Custer on July 26, 1865 in Austin, Texas.
He died in Georgetown, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20887035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887035" title="Bahá'í Faith in the Netherlands">
Bahá'í Faith in the Netherlands

The first mentions of the Bahá'í Faith in the Netherlands were in Dutch newspapers which in 1852 covered some of the events relating to the Bábí movement which the Bahá'í Faith regards as a precursor religion. Circa 1904 Algemeen Handelsblad, an Amsterdam newspaper, sent a correspondent to investigate the Bahá'ís in Persia. The first Bahá'ís to settle in the Netherlands were a couple of families — the Tijssens and Greevens, both of whom left Germany for the Netherlands in 1937 as business practices were affected by Nazi policies. Following World War II the Bahá'ís established a committee to oversee introducing the religion across Europe and so the permanent growth of the community in the Netherlands begins with Bahá'í pioneers arriving in 1946. Following their arrival and conversions of some citizens the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Amsterdam was elected in 1948. In 1957, with 110 Bahá'ís and nine spiritual assemblies, the Bahá'í community in the Netherlands first elected its own National Spiritual Assembly. In 1997 there were about 1500 Bahá'ís in The Netherlands. In 2005 the Netherlands had 34 local spiritual assemblies.
First Contact.
First newspaper coverage.
The first mentions relating to the Bahá'í Faith in the Netherlands were in Dutch newspapers which covered some of the events relating to the Bábí movement, which the Bahá'í Faith regards as a precursor religion. The Opregte Haarlemsche Courant covered the attempt on the life of Nasser-al-Din Shah, by some Bábís, on October 11, 1852 - a couple months after the incident. The incident was reported a few days later by the Nieuwe Rotterdamsche Courant and then by Dagblad van 's Gravenhage, all of which had borrowed the stories told of the event from London or Paris based newspapers. The accounts presented to the Dutch public, however, were generally untrue and described that the Babis being a communist organization, sanctioning the sharing of wives, believing in the transmigration of souls, and were in open violent revolt. During a second assassination attempt on the same Shah in 1896 by a group not associated with the Bábís, as recognized in Persia at the time, western newspapers continued to blame the Babis for some years afterwards.
Dutchmen in Persia.
In 1879, on the developing trade relations initiated by some Dutch business men, Dutchman Johan Colligan entered into partnership with two Bahá'ís, Haji Siyyid Muhammad-Hasan and Haji Siyyid Muhammad-Husayn, who were known as the King and Beloved of Martyrs. These two Bahá'ís were arrested and executed because the Imám-Jum'ih at the time owed them a large sum of money for business relations and instead of paying them would confiscate their property. Their execution was committed despite Johan Colligan's testifying to their innocence. In 1890 Colligan was also witness to a riot against Bahá'í farmers near Isfahan which also revealed several British diplomats attempting to avert or redress the riot. Another Dutchman, C.F. Prins, witnessed and attempted to give relief to those Bahá'í who suffered in another riot in Yazd against them in 1891. In the same year, Dutchman Henri Dunlop had trade relations in Shiraz with Afnán-i-Kabir, brother to the wife of the Báb, and acquired several Bahá'í manuscripts which he offered to professor Edward Granville Browne and later to professor Michael Jan de Goeje of Leiden University who published the first Dutch academic article on the Babis/Bahá'ís in October 1893. The portrait of the Babis from these accounts and articles communicated to the Dutch public was different than the early reports, and was of being prone to engage with foreigners, being monogamous, and seeking out civil authorities for protection from Muslim mobs.
Later in 1904, Maurits Wagenvoort went as a correspondent for the Algemeen Handelsblad newspaper specifically to investigate the Bahá'ís in Persia and had numerous interviews with Bahá'ís.
History in the Netherlands.
Before World War II.
The first interests in the religiosity of the Bahá'í Faith in the Netherlands come in 1912-1917 when the Theosophy Publishing Society in Amsterdam translated and issued a few booklets and brochures about the religion. The first Bahá'í to enter the Netherlands came in December 1913 when Daniel Jenkyn, from England, travelled through the Netherlands. It is also known that `Abdu'l-Bahá, the son and successor to the founder of the religion, wrote a letter to Julia C. Isbrücker, the chairperson of the Esperanto movement in The Hague. In 1920, two Persian Bahá'ís, Ahmad Yazdani and Hand of the Cause Ibn-i-Asdaq, brought a letter from ‘Abdu’l-Bahá to the Central Organisation for Durable Peace in The Hague.
The first Dutch Bahá'í appears to have been Hajo Mesdag, who became a Bahá'í in Egypt after meeting Martha Root and reading John Esslemont's book titled "Bahá'u'llah and the New Era", and visited Shoghi Effendi, then head of the religion, in Haifa in 1925. A brochure of the French Bahá'í community mentions that the first Dutch Bahá'í was a Vanda Haack (or Van der Haack), about whom little is known sofar. Later in the early 1930s Louise Drake Wright, a travelling American Bahá'í, visited the country on the instructions of Shoghi Effendi on three separate occasions: the summer of 1932 (Amsterdam); March–June 1933 (Amsterdam and The Hague); January–April 1934 (The Hague). During this time she met with women's and peace groups, Quakers, Theosophists, Esperantists, and female leaders of thought such as the founder of the Netherland Girl Guides, and libraries in Amsterdam and The Hague. The earliest Bahá'í family in the Netherlands were the Tijssens: Emma Margaret Tijssen was a German Bahá'í who had come to The Hague in 1937 with her husband. They were soon joined in the autumn of 1937 by two other Bahá'ís, Max and Inez Greeven. Mr. Greeven was an American businessman who had become a Bahá'í in New York in 1927 and moved to Germany in 1930; the family's move to The Hague in 1937 was due to business restrictions in Germany; the Greevens remained in the Netherlands until 1940.
After World War II.
In 1946 the Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly of the United States formed the Bahá'í European Teaching Committee to teach the religion in Europe. This endeavour oversaw the arrival of a number of Bahá'í pioneers. In June of that year, the committee asked Rita van Bleyswijk Sombeek, a Dutch woman who had spent World War II in the United States and became a Bahá'í during that time, to return to the Netherlands to pioneer. She arrived in October 1946 and set up her home in Amsterdam. In January 1947 and by 29 May 1947 she was having meetings at her home. In January 1947, her sister Mrs. Straub also joined the religion. Straub remained in Rotterdam and concentrated on carrying out work translating Bahá'í literature. Sombeek soon undertook widespread travels across Europe living in various places. Another pioneer was John Carré who set sail from New York for the Netherlands on 12 March 1947, followed by Charlotte Stirratt on 26 March 1947. Carré stayed in nearby Bussum but soon moved to Madrid. Stirrat landed in Rotterdam and stayed to help with the work there for three weeks, then moved to Amsterdam.
Jan Piet de Borst of Wassenaar was the first to officially register in the Bahá'í Faith, converting to the religion in Bussum on 3 August 1947; another Dutchman, Hans Slim of Wassenaar, converted on 20 August 1947. The third Dutch Bahá'í was Miss Josephine Caroline Diebold, an elderly resident of Amsterdam who converted on 21 March 1948; the fourth Bahá'í was Denise Sohet from near Wassenaar; and the fifth and sixth Bahá'ís were Amsterdam residents Miss Frieda van Houten and H. Bernard Dieperink, who both joined the religion on 4 April 1948. Also, by 2 September 1948, Eleanor Gregory Hollibaugh, another Bahá'í arrived in the Netherlands as a pioneer. With this mixture of pioneers and Dutch converts the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly was elected in Amsterdam in 1948. At this time there were 11 Bahá'ís in the Netherlands. Edward L. Bode, an engineer, and his wife, Mary Hotchkiss Bode, arrived in Amsterdam in late March 1949 and lived in various places until in early 1969 they left for Madeira. The first Bahá'ís in Rotterdam was Louis Gustave Löhlefink who joined the religion on 8 February 1953. The first Bahá'ís in the West Frisian Islands of the Netherlands were two German pioneers, Geertrui Ankersmit and Ursula von Brunn, who landed on the islands in October 1953; they were followed in November 1953 by Elsa Maria Grossman. All three were named as Knights of Bahá'u'lláh for the Frisian Islands for their service to the religion.
Growth.
The first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of The Hague was formed in April 1952. The members of that institution included Elisabeth Charlotte (Lottie) Tobias who would later serve on the regional spiritual assembly of the Benelux countries and the first National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the Netherlands; she served on that institution from 1962 until 1986 and was continuously elected as secretary. Also in 1952 was the second visit of a Hand of the Cause in the person of Dhikru'llah Khadem as part of a European tour. 1954 saw a conference of Bahá'ís from the Benelux countries. In 1955 the national Bahá'í Centre in The Hague was purchased.
The fifth (mainland) community of Bahá'ís in the country was Zandvoort, with Mr. and Mrs. Adelman who became Bahá'ís in October 1956. The first Bahá'í of Leiden was Walter Italiaander, who enrolled some years after 1958. The second Leiden Bahá'í, Annemarie Niessink, later married one of the Persian Bahá'ís in the country, Masu'd Mazgani.
By 1959, there were 63 Bahá'ís in the Netherlands and an appeal was made by the Hands of the Cause — a group of Bahá'ís who are considered to have achieved a distinguished rank in service to the religion — to the Persian Bahá'í community for the settlement of Bahá'í families in the Netherlands. Some 38 Persian Bahá'ís responded, mostly families, and it was then possible to establish spiritual assemblies in Arnhem, Delft, Haarlem, Leiden, Rotterdam, and Utrecht.
From 1957 the regional spiritual assembly of the Benelux Countries (that is the Netherlands along with Belgium and Luxembourg) operated until 1962 when the population of Dutch Bahá'ís reached 110 and with nine spiritual assemblies and the community first elected its own National Spiritual Assembly (with Hand of the Cause Hasan Balyuzi in attendance.) 1961 saw the first Bahá'í summer school - it was attended by 200 Bahá'ís and interested people representing fifteen countries with presentations by Guy Murchie and Hand of the Cause Adelbert Mühlschlegel. In 1962 World Religion Day was celebrated consecutively in Amhem, Haarlem and Delft. When the national assembly was elected the first members were Gert van der Garde, Bob van Lith, Mas'ud Mazgani, Arnold van Ogtrop, Gieny Sijsling, Jan Sijsling, Lottie Tobias, Gunter Vieten en Chris Westenbroek. The administrative structure of the Bahá'í Faith went through a change between 1957 and 1963 when the position of head of the religion passed from Shoghi Effendi to the Universal House of Justice though it also lead to a period of minor division in the religion. The Universal House of Justice wrote an extensive letter responding to requests for clarification from the National Assembly of the Netherlands in 1965. It covered questions about the election of, the station of, and authority of, the Universal House of Justice and asked that this letter be re-printed widely for Bahá'ís to read around the world.
Since 1962 the Benelux countries, though having each their own national assembly, had continued to pool resources for a shared summer school. In 1965 Hand of the Cause Abu'l-Qásim Faizi especially offered workships and lectures on a variety of topics. Early 1968 saw the first coverage of the religion in the Netherlands by television. The 1969 Netherlands Summer School, held in Ellecom, had then member of the Universal House of Justice David Hofman and Hand of the Cause Jalál Khazeh.
1976 saw a variety of activities - it was the first entry to province of Zeeland and a regional conference gathered 250 Dutch Bahá'ís and talks by Adib Taherzadeh. In 1977 Dr. Ahmad Taeed was one of three Bahá'í visitors to the North American Bahá'í Temple who were profiled in the August issue of "Bahá'í News". He discusses his experience pioneering to the Netherlands and the growth of the community from his perspective of being an elected member of the National Spiritual Assembly of The Netherlands since 1967.
Modern community.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. In the Netherlands in 1979 more than 100 children from many Dutch Bahá'í communities as well as local non-Bahá'í children gathered in Lelystad for the first national Bahá'í children's conference in the Netherlands as an observance of the International Year of the Child. Also in 1979, at the invitation of the publisher, a national weekly magazine, "Actuele Onderwerpen" (AO) was written by a member of the national assembly to profile the religion. This issue was ranked forth out of 52 in a year-end reader interest survey conducted by the publisher. In 1980 four hundred-fifty Bahá'ís including more than 120 children and youth participated in the Dutch winter school at Oostkapelle. The government of the Netherlands took a stand and spoke out about the persecution of Bahá'ís in Iran in 1980 when it rose in support of the United Nations Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities. This resolution was passed September 10, 1980. The concern was repeated by the European Parliament and again the government of the Netherlands spoke specifically to the issue. The topic continued to get attention in the fall of 1983 with coverage in de Volkskrant and NRC Handelsblad, and the feminist magazine Opzij (see Mona Mahmudnizhad.)
The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. World-wide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. In 1985 the Dutch Bahá'í community purchased Conference Centre De Poort, Groesbeek, formerly a Jesuit Philosophicum built in 1929 to act as an institutional center for the religion.
In 1988 the national assembly of the Netherlands sought to respond to racial tensions with immigrant populations and the Dutch people in a few ways. They organized a public conference on the theme of "The Multi-Ethnic Society of the Future " and also several articles appeared in Bahá'í publications. Also in 1988 twenty-eight Bahá'ís from 10 countries took an active part in the 73rd Universal Esperanto Congress at the De Doelen Center in Rotterdam. In 1989 the national center at De Poort hosted two conferences - nearly 200 people representing almost all European communities for the first European Bahá'í Women's Conference and more than 100 people from 15 countries attended a European Bahá'í Youth Conference. In 1999 the Dutch Bahá'í community helped coordinated the Bahá'í presence at the Hague Appeal for Peace.
In 2007 the Bahá'í community of the Netherlands has given a golden tile from the Shrine of the Báb to a museum that specializes in roof tiles, the Dutch Roof Tile Museum in Alem. It is the only one among the 3,000 tiles in its collection that is gilded — covered with a glaze — with real gold.
In 2005, 2006 and 2008 the Tahirih Institute of the Netherlands has held conventions with colloquia and Dr. Aziz Navidi Memorial Lectures named after a prominent Bahá'í lawyer, and Knight of Bahá'u'lláh for Monaco, renowned for his courage and skill in defending persecuted Bahá'ís.
Demographics.
In 1973 there were 365 Bahá'ís and 16 spiritual assemblies; in 1979, there were 525 Bahá'ís with 27 spiritual assemblies. In 1997 there were about 1500 Bahá'ís in The Netherlands. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 6688 Bahá'ís in 2005. Also in 2005 the Netherlands had 34 local spiritual assemblies.
Dutch colonies.
The first Bahá'í on Surinam was American Leonora Stirling Holsapple; in October 1927 she gave a lecture about the religion in the Loge Concordia centre in the capital Paramaribo. On 22 October 1927 an article appeared in the evening newspaper De West covering the event. Between 1964 and 1973 Dutch overseas pioneers established a Bahá'í Spiritual Assembly in Suriname at Paramaribo. Piet van der Borst and Hendrik Buys left Holland to pioneer in Indonesia in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20887037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887037" title="Cecily Fenwick">
Cecily Fenwick

Cecily Fenwick was an English squash player who won the British Open three times in 1926, 1927 and 1931. She was also the runner-up at championship three consecutive times from 1928 to 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20887048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887048" title="Dhamiak">
Dhamiak

Dhamiak is a village of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 33°12'0N 73°28'0E with an altitude of .

</doc>
<doc id="20887070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887070" title="Neoholmgrenia andina">
Neoholmgrenia andina

Neoholmgrenia andina is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Blackfoot River evening primrose. It is native to western North America, including southern Canada and much of the western United States, where it is a plant of mountains, and sagebrush plateaus. It is a small annual herb growing a hairy, branching stem generally under 15 centimeters tall. The bunched leaves are widely lance-shaped and 1 to 3 centimeters long. The inflorescence bears one or more flowers with usually four tiny bright yellow petals. The fruit is a flat capsule up to a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="20887100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887100" title="Signal Hill (Canton, Massachusetts)">
Signal Hill (Canton, Massachusetts)

Signal Hill is a open space preserve located in Canton, in the U.S. state of Massachusetts; it is centered around a rocky knoll by the same name. The property, acquired in 2005 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations, offers frontage on the Neponset River and views of Great Blue Hill from open ledges. The Signal Hill preserve also includes wetlands, open fields, and a car-top boating access point.
Signal Hill was once a seasonal camp for paleo-Americans who settled the Neponset River Valley after the last glacial retreat. It is currently abutted by industrial and suburban land to the east and river floodplain to the west. The preserve is open to non-motorized carry-in boating, hiking, picnicing, fishing, and similar pursuits. A trailhead is located on University Road in Canton.

</doc>
<doc id="20887105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887105" title="New Kingdom of León">
New Kingdom of León

The New Kingdom of León (), was an administrative territory of the Spanish Empire, politically ruled by the Viceroyalty of New Spain. It was located in an area corresponding generally to the present-day northeastern Mexican state of Nuevo León.
Origins.
It was founded in 1582 by Spanish and Portuguese settlers when Philip II, King of Spain and its colonies, encouraged the colonization of Northern New Spain, and authorized the creation of a 'realm' which would have the name of Nuevo Reyno de León (New Kingdom of León), after the former Kingdom of León in Spain. Philip granted Luis de Carabajal y Cueva the title of first governor and captain-general of this new province in New Spain. The foundation of this realm was a crucial event which potentially helped the subsequent Spanish settlements in Texas. 
Language.
The official language of the settlers was the Spanish language though some settlers spoke the Leonese language from the Kingdom of León in Spain, which evolved with Spanish in the New World.
History.
Though the New Kingdom of León was part of the Viceroyalty of New Spain, it remained functionally autonomous during much of its history, due to the long distance between its main cities; however, it quickly developed a shared culture with its neighbor provinces. This fact led to its becoming in 1776 part of the semi-autonomous Commandancy General of the Provincias Internas, which split in 1786 into three commands, one of them being the Eastern Internal Provinces (Provincias Internas de Oriente) consisting of the New Kingdom of Leon and the provinces of Coahuila, Tejas, and Nuevo Santander; subsequently it remained part of the comandancy until 1821 when it and the rest of Mexico became an independent republic.
Today.
When Mexico declared the independence from Spain, the territory of the "Nuevo Reyno de León" became the "Estado Libre y Soberano de Nuevo León".

</doc>
<doc id="20887120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887120" title="William Douglas Cook">
William Douglas Cook

William Douglas Cook (New Plymouth, New Zealand, 28 October 1884 - Gisborne, New Zealand, 27 April 1967) was the founder of Eastwoodhill Arboretum, now the national arboretum of New Zealand, and one of the founders of Pukeiti, a rhododendron garden, close to New Plymouth. He was a "plantsman with the soul of a poet and the vision of a philosopher".
Biography.
Douglas Cook was the second son of William Cook (Aberdeen, Scotland 1855) and Jessie Miller (Glasgow, Scotland 1853). William arrived in Auckland, New Zealand at 8 September 1879 and started working as an accountant with the Bank of New Zealand. Jessie arrived 19 August 1881. They married three weeks later. The first son John Arthur was born 9 September 1882. The family changed home often. At 28 October 1884 Douglas was born in New Plymouth. A daughter named Sheila Mary Melot was born in Auckland at 25 December 1891.
Douglas had a difficult relation with his father and left home when he was 17 years old to go working as a "cowboy" in Hawke's Bay region. One year later he bought a peach orchard in the neighbourhood of Hastings. The money he needed he borrowed from his father. He bought the orchard of James Nelson Williams, the grandfather of H. B. (Bill) Williams, who would play such an important role in the history of Eastwoodhill 60 years later. Douglas had bad luck. Two times frost destroyed most of the crops. He had to find another job. In a ballot he acquired a part of the Ngatapa settlement, large. He called his new property "Eastwoodhill", after the house where his mother grew up near Glasgow.
He would live there all the rest of his life, and create a large arboretum, with more than 2,000 different taxa of trees and shrubs. In the early years after his arrival at Ngatapa, the farm was substantially enlarged. But in later years he sold parts of the property again, to gain money for buying trees. In 1965 Douglas Cook sold Eastwoodhill to H. B. (Bill) Williams, who bought the arboretum with the purpose to preserve it for the future.
During World War I Cook fought in Asia, Africa and Europe as a trooper of the Wellington Mounted Rifles and as a gunner in the N.Z. Field Artillery.
William Douglas Cook married Claire Bourne at 20 October 1930. They adopted a son, named Sholto. The marriage did not succeed and Douglas and Claire separated in 1937.
Cook died in 1967, at the age of 83 years, a “plantsman with the soul of a poet and the vision of a philosopher”.
Eastwoodhill.
When Douglas Cook arrived at his newly bought land in 1910, he started planting immediately. In this first plantings “he followed a utilitarian approach – some mixed eucalyptus and Monterey Pine ("Pinus radiata") for firewood, and of mixed orchard including apple, pear and plum trees for household use”.
He built a small cabin to live in. This was replaced by a larger dwelling in 1914. In that same year he left for voluntary service in World War I. Just before his departure an order of a hundred trees and shrubs and a hundred rhododendrons and azaleas arrived and it was a rush to get these planted.
In the First World War Douglas Cook served in Gallipoli, Egypt and France. In France he lost the sight of his right eye in 1916. He spent some time in England to recuperate. During that time he visited some beautiful gardens, especially the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew. After returning to New Zealand in 1917 (with a plant of both the red and variegated cabbage tree, that Arthur William Hill of Kew gave him) he started creating his own park.
Now that he had learned to admire the beauty of trees, he started planting on a large scale. For instance in 1920 about 2,500 trees and shrubs were ordered for the garden. Bulbs and perennials were ordered too, including tulips, hyacinths, lilies and gladioli.
In the subsequent years plantings continued. The garden was extended. From 1927 onward, when Bill Crooks got engaged, the creation of the "Parks" started:
At the end of his life, Douglas Cook had established an arboretum of international importance. Since then, new plantings contributed to what now has become the National Arboretum of New Zealand.
Not an ordinary farmer.
Douglas Cook wrote, in 1963: "I never was a farmer. That was only a means of living in the country and being my own boss. I never could stand taking orders and loved roaming the hills". He spend most of his money on plants, rather than investing it in his farm. And apart from that he was a nudist, and used to work only in a pair of boots and a sun hat. Bob Berry, who got involved in the development of Eastwoodhill in the 1950s (and still is involved in it up till now) remembers his "puckish sense of humour".
William Douglas Cook might be called “a passionate man, not because of his somewhat mercurial personal relationships, but he certainly showed an undeviating passion for planting trees over a lifetime”. His passion really took form after he took possession of the 260 ha property of Eastwoodhill in 1910. “After just six weeks a garden was shaping up, and by the end of the first year he had filled sixteen pages of his notebook with details of plantings".
Cook went back to Britain again in 1922 and 1924, to get new inspiration for his dream of establishing a park of his own.
After the second World War there was another impetus to Douglas Cook for collecting as much different trees as possible at Eastwoodhill. He was afraid that Europe would be destroyed in a new (nuclear) war and saw his plantings as a repository for good garden material.
Mortimer states that there “is a fair amount of information about what he bought (…), but not much about where he put them or what their fate was. He was essentially a collector (and a muddler), buying one of everything he hadn't got”.
Pukeiti.
Douglas Cook had a passion for rhododendrons, and "rhodos" didn't fare well at Eastwoodhill, in the late 1940s. That brought him back to Taranaki. He knew that rhododendrons flourished in that region. He and Russell Matthews grasped the idea of creating a rhododendron garden at the slopes of Mt. Taranaki. In March 1950 they found a good spot at a good height above sea level, and with enough rainfall throughout the year. Douglas Cook bought the of land called Pukeiti, and offered the site to the New Zealand Rhododendron Association. Having a lack of finances, this organisation declined his offer. In October 1951 he formed The Pukeiti Rhododendron Trust (by then a group of 24 like-minded people), to which he donated the land. In 1952 a further was given to the Trust anonymously. Membership of the Trust grew steadily, volunteers worked, donations of money, plants and materials flowed in, and Pukeiti, as the gardens have become known, flourished. The gardens now cover , holding 2,000 different specimen of rhododendrons and membership has reached 3,000.
Writer.
William Douglas Cook was a prolific writer of letters. He also published a number of articles in gardening journals and year books etc.
In the period 1948–1951 he published quite a few articles on Eastwoodhill in the "New Zealand Gardener"and one in "The Journal of the Royal Horticultural Society", as well as some articles on different topics.
In 1960 and 1964 he published articles on rhododendrons in New Zealand and on Pukeiti in "The Rhododendron and Camellia Year Book".

</doc>
<doc id="20887126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887126" title="Tulane University School of Science and Engineering">
Tulane University School of Science and Engineering

The Tulane University School of Science and Engineering (SSE) offers degrees in biological chemistry, biomedical engineering, cell and molecular biology, chemical and biomolecular engineering, chemistry, earth and environmental science, ecology and evolutionary biology, environmental biology, environmental geoscience, geology, mathematics, neuroscience, physics, psychology, and statistics. In addition, a minor is offered in engineering science. The school was established in the fall of 2005 as part of the "Tulane Renewal Plan", when the Faculty of the Liberal Arts and Sciences and the School of Engineering were reorganized into two schools: the School of Liberal Arts and the School of Science and Engineering.
Location.
A ten-building complex on Tulane University's Uptown New Orleans campus includes the Lindy Claiborne Boggs Center for Energy and Biotechnology, the Merryl and Sam Israel Jr. Environmental Sciences Building, Pervical Stern Hall, Stanley O. Thomas Hall, Alcee Fortier Hall, Walter E. Blessey Hall, the Francis M. Taylor Laboratories, Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Services, and the Engineering Shops. Also, some space located in the J. Bennett Johnston Health and Environmental Research Building in Downtown New Orleans, the Reily Student Recreation Center, and at University Square. The Reily Center houses the Center for Anatomical and Movement Sciences (CAMS), as well as the Tulane Institute of Sports Medicine (TISM). 
Planned campus improvements.
In late November 2008, the university announced that donors are funding the elimination of the street that runs through the middle of campus, as to transform the core of campus "into a vibrant, pedestrian environment." The street was to be replaced with a crushed-granite surface adorned with Japanese magnolias and irises. The McAlister Place project was completed in January 2010. Coincidentally, in late November 2008 the City of New Orleans announced plans to add bicycle lanes to the St. Charles Avenue corridor that runs in front of campus. In addition, improvements including bicycle lanes were performed on nearby Carrollton Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20887130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887130" title="Huehuetl">
Huehuetl

The huēhuētl is a percussion instrument from Mexico, used by the Aztecs and other cultures. It is an upright tubular drum made from a wooden body opened at the bottom that stands on three legs cut from its base, with skin stretched over the top. It can be beaten by hand or wood mallet.

</doc>
<doc id="20887136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887136" title="Nancy Cave">
Nancy Cave

Nancy Frances Cave (2 March 1896 – 1989) was an English squash player who won the British Open three times in 1924, 1929 and 1930. She was also the runner-up in the championship in 1922, 1923, 1925, 1926, 1927 and 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20887138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887138" title="Edward Hastings, 2nd Baron Hastings">
Edward Hastings, 2nd Baron Hastings

Edward Hastings, 2nd Baron Hastings, KB (26 November 1466 – 8 November 1506) was an English peer born in Kirby Muxloe Castle, Leicestershire to Sir William Hastings, 1st Baron Hastings and Katherine Neville, the daughter of Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury, and Alice Montagu, the daughter of Thomas Montagu, 4th Earl of Salisbury. At the time of the marriage Katherine Neville was the widow of William Bonville, 6th Baron Harington (1442-1460), beheaded after the Battle of Wakefield, by whom she had a daughter, Cecily. Edward Hastings had three brothers, Sir William, Sir Richard, and George, and two sisters, Anne, who married George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury, and Elizabeth. His brothers William and Richard were alive at the time he made his will on 4 November 1506.
Edward Hastings was invested as a Knight of the Bath in 1475.[http://www.thepeerage.com/p1388.htm#i13873]
Between 1478 and 1480 he married Mary Hungerford (born c. 1468 – died before 10 July 1533), daughter of Sir Thomas Hungerford of Rowden and Anne Percy, daughter of Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland, and Eleanor Neville. Edward Hastings and Mary Hungerford had two sons and a daughter:
While he was still only a youth 16 years of age, his father William Hastings, 1st Baron Hastings, incurred the enmity of Richard, Duke of Gloucester, and on 13 June 1483 was arrested at a council meeting on Richard's orders, and beheaded without trial, an event dramatized in Shakespeare's Richard III.
Edward Hastings died, aged 39, on 8 November 1506, and is said to have been buried at the Blackfriars, London. On 1 May 1509 his widow married Sir Richard Sacheverell (d. 14 April 1534), but had no issue by him. She died before 10 July 1533, and was buried at Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="20887149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887149" title="Building a Future">
Building a Future

Building a Future (BAF) is an international, philanthropic nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the lives of impoverished children in Latin America. BAF currently operates in Tegucigalpa, Honduras.
History.
In December 2007, Building a Future became a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. BAF was started in 2004 by a group of Texas A&M University students. They were inspired to do something of social importance that would have an impact at an international level.
Jose Mahomar and Robert Furr (now BAF Directors) took a leap of faith by proposing a philanthropic idea that would seek to provide education to impoverished children in Honduras. The idea for BAF started in a class titled ‘Academy for Future International Leaders’ and then developed into an organized effort supported by Texas A&M University and is currently in process of forming a partnership with the Borlaug Institute. Jose and Robert decided to keep pursuing their vision and some of their closest friends at TAMU joined in.
Programs.
Texaco Family Support Center.
Since January 2006, Building A Future (BAF) has served a community of over 500 children with the construction the Texaco Family Support Center. This was BAF’s first project initiative and its success has confirmed the desire to create a bigger impact in other communities in Honduras.
In June 2008, BAF secured another additional donation from Chevron Texaco to provide educational material, such as a computer, a projector, and a photocopier, to the center.
Junior Master Gardener Program.
In February 2009, BAF in partnership with the Borlaug Institute at Texas A&M University will host the Junior Master Gardener Program. This program includes curriculum which educates children with a special focus on agriculture and has the potential to be implemented at other educational facilities throughout Honduras as.
1,000 Children are in Need Campaign.
In July 2009, BAF began a campaign to keep eight family support centers in Tegucigalpa, Honduras from closing due to a lack of funding. As a result of the political turmoil, the centers did not receive subsidies that they depend on to remain operational. To prevent these centers from closing or reducing operations, BAF sought to raise at least $12,000USD to fill the gap.
Fun in the Park Event.
As part of this campaign, BAF plans to host a fundraising event in Coconut Grove's Kennedy Park near Miami, FL on August 15, 2009. The event will have food, games, and entertainment and in exchange for suggested donations to support the campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20887162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887162" title="Prehistoric South Asia">
Prehistoric South Asia

Prehistoric India may refer to any period in the history of South Asia predating the 3rd century BCE.

</doc>
<doc id="20887165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887165" title="William So discography">
William So discography

This is the discography of Cantopop artist William So.

</doc>
<doc id="20887224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887224" title="Sheila Macintosh">
Sheila Macintosh

Sheila Macintosh ("née" Speight) was an English squash player who won the British Open in 1960. She was also the runner-up at the championship in 1954, 1956, 1957, 1958 and in 1959.
Besides winning the British Open, she also had won the Massachusetts Women's Hardball Championships in 1959 and 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20887225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887225" title="Camissonia benitensis">
Camissonia benitensis

Camissonia benitensis is a species of evening primrose known by the common name San Benito evening primrose. It is endemic to California, where its range includes far southern San Benito County, far western Fresno County, and far eastern Monterey County. The species is categorized as a strict serpentine endemic, meaning that it is always found growing on serpentine soils; however, at least four populations of the species are known to occur on shale substrates. Serpentine is an ultramafic rock. It weathers to produce soils with characteristically low levels of nutrients like nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, and calcium, and high levels of magnesium and heavy metals including nickel and chromium. A major, consistent chemical feature of serpentine soil is a bioavailable calcium:magnesium ratio much less than 1. Most nonserpentine soils have a ratio far greater than 1 (more calcium and much less magnesium). The extreme chemical characteristics of serpentine soils give rise to uniquely adapted and rare serpentine endemic plant species such as "C. benitensis".
Description.
"Camissonia benitensis" was discovered by Peter H. Raven on a serpentine stream terrace adajcent to Clear Creek (New Idria serpentine mass; Bureau of Land Management Clear Creek Management Area) in 1960 and scientifically described by him in 1969. The plant's specific epithet, ""benitensis"", commemorates its discovery in San Benito County. It is a diminutive annual herb that rarely grows larger than 10 centimeters in field conditions, but can become multi-branched and exceed 30 centimeters in diameter within a horticultural setting. Its reddish stems bear plentiful linear leaves less than 1 centimeter long and minutely toothed along the edges. Plants bear four-petaled yellow flowers approximately 6 millimeters in diameter. Flowering occurs in April and May, opening in the morning and closing in early afternoon. The species is fully self-pollinating. The fruit is a cylindrical capsule up to 4 centimeters in length. The fruits remain largely closed at maturity and spring open upon wetting with the first fall rains, dispersing seeds. Seeds are tiny (1 millimeter long, 0.5 millimeter wide) and black to brown in color. The seeds have a smooth seed coat and weigh approximately 0.1 milligram each. Long-distance dispersal likely occurs as seeds in mud stuck to animals or vehicles. Seeds germinate with the first rains in fall or winter. 
"Camissonia benitensis" bears a close resemblance to "Camissonia contorta". The two species are virtually indistinguishable with the naked eye when plants are small (under 6 centimeters), as is common in their native habitat, where they occur together. "Camissonia strigulosa" also grows in this range but is distinguishable by its smaller flowers and prostrate habit. They dichotomous keys in The Jepson Manual first edition are not detailed enough to make certain positive identifications. One key characteristic that can help distinguish the three species is the morphology of the trichomes on the distal inflorescences. "C. contorta" has trichomes that look like transparent glassy rods. "C. strigulosa" has white linear or lance-shaped blades. "C. benitensis" has both kinds of trichomes. This key characteristic was lacking in Jepson Manual first edition, but is now included in Jepson Manual second edition.
A "Camissonia" which resembles either "C. contorta" or "C. benitensis" growing on serpentine soil in upland geologic transition zone habitat or serpentine stream terrace habitat "within" serpentine masses is virtually always "C. benitensis". A "Camissonia" resembling either of the two species on serpentine stream terraces "outside of" serpentine masses or mixed alluvium stream terraces could be either "C. contorta" or "C. benitensis". "C. strigulosa" is the common "Camissonia" species found growing on nonserpentine alluvial stream and river deposits within the range of "C. benitensis".
Range and Habitat.
Based upon the original discovery of "C. benitensis" on a serpentine alluvial stream terrace adjacent to Clear Creek, it was long believed that its only habitat type consisted of serpentine alluvial terraces adjacent to perennial streams and rivers, a very rare type of habitat. Until 2010 few populations of the species had been found in any other habitat. In 2010 numerous additional populations were discovered on other land forms including ancient serpentine alluvium deposits (upland hills), serpentine landslides originating from tectonic masses (upland), and serpentine soils on the periphery of large tectonic serpentine (ultramafic) masses (upland). These recently discovered habitat types are collectively called the "geologic transition zone." This habitat type is now know to constitute the majority of the habitat area and contains most of the known populations of the species. Populations found near Priest Valley in 2010 extended the previously known range 15 kilometers to the southeast.
Common features of the stream terrace are friable serpentine soils that are stable, not eroding, and not prone to frost heave. There is usually little or no clay. The plant communities in the area include chaparral and woodland with gaps in between where there are microclimates. "C. benitensis" occurs in these gaps. Typical woody vegetation in the area includes "Quercus douglasii" (blue oak), "Juniperus californica" (California juniper), "Quercus berberidifolia" (scrub oak), "Quercus durata" (leather oak), "Arctostaphylos glauca" (bigberry manzanita) and "Ceanothus cuneatus" (buckbrush). Gaps between the woody vegetation have sparse herbaceous plant cover. "C. benitensis" is generally a poor competitor with other plant species, both native and exotic. Dense woody vegetation (closed shrub gaps) appears to be detrimental to "C. benitensis" due to shading effects. Some areas of geologic transition zone habitat have been partially invaded by invasive annual grasses such as "Bromus madritensis". These infestations are usually sparse due to the extreme physical and chemical characteristics of the serpentine soils and the low level of tolerance of "Bromus madritensis" to those soil characteristics. Wildfire generally has a positive effect on "C. benitensis" by removing native and invasive vegetation. Prescribed fire is utilized by the Bureau of Land Management to control "Centaurea solstitialis" which once threatened to invade stream terrace habitat occupied by San Benito evening primrose near the confluence of Clear Creek and San Benito River. Some areas of geologic transition zone habitat on private land are grazed by cattle which like wildfire, is beneficial to "C. benitensis" by removing competing vegetation, particularly invasive annual grasses. 
The current (2012) known range for "Camissonia benitensis" is as follows: 
Population dynamics.
C. benitensis exhibits cyclic population dynamics with one cycle equal to 2 to 3 years. Total plant numbers for the species can fluctuate from a low of a few hundred plants to tens of thousands of plants during a cycle. The reason for the cycling is unknown but it may be related to predation by some type of insect that has a similar cycle. There is no obvious correlation with climate or human factors. Despite the cycling, the overall population remains stable and is slightly increasing. 
C. benitensis evening primrose is well-buffered from extinction by enormous soil seed bank 100 - 1000 times that of the number of plants seen with a population in any given year. Seed in the soil seed bank has been documented to be viable for at least 20 years and likely is to be viable for much longer.
Conservation.
The town of New Idria was founded in 1848 with the discovery of cinnabar (mercury ore) within the New Idria serpentine mass (BLM Clear Creek Management Area). Numerous European prospectors and cattle ranchers settled throughout the area thereafter. Historic impacts to San Benito evening primrose have included logging and mining (gravel, magnesite, chromite, cinnabar, and chrysotile asbestos). The relatively level stream terraces were historically favored by settlers for home sites and to stage industrial activities. A proposed mineral withdrawal for the New Idria serpentine mass will greatly limit any future mining in the area.
In more recent decades, the BLM Clear Creek Management Area became a popular motorized off-road vehicle (ORV) recreation area. "C. benitensis" was federally listed as Threatened in 1985. The primary threat cited by the Fish and Wildlife Service was off-road vehicle impacts to habitat. At the time, only nine populations of the species were known with most occurring on serpentine alluvial stream terraces within one of the highest ORV use areas at Clear Creek Management Area, Clear Creek Canyon. Nearly all of the stream terrace habitat in Clear Creek Canyon has since been fenced to exclude human impacts. A formal route designation in 2005 has further reduced ORV impacts.
The Clear Creek Management Area has been under a temporary Emergency Closure since May 1, 2008 when the Environmental Protection Agency reported that natural occurrences of chrysotile asbestos in the soil was above safe limits for people. As of February 2011, BLM lands within the area are still closed. The unmaintained public county road system through the area remains open.
Synopsis.
Discovery of the geologic transition zone habitat and numerous additional populations has greatly improved the outlook for C. benitensis. Most of the geologic transition zone habitat has not been subject to high levels of human impacts, unlike most of the stream terrace habitat. As of July 2012, there are more than 380 known populations of "C. benitensis". Only 10 populations were known when the species was federally listed in 1985. 60 populations were known by 2009 with most being within alluvial terrace habitat. 320 populations have since been found in 2010, 2011, and 2012 with most of those being within the newly discovered geologic transition zone habitat. Most of the potential geologic transition habitat on both public (BLM and State land) and private land has now been surveyed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20887251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887251" title="Women &amp; Songs 4">
Women &amp; Songs 4

"Women & Songs 4" is the fourth album in the "Women & Songs" franchise.
Overview.
The album was released on November 28, 2000. As usual, the album is made up entirely of tracks from the best female artists in the industry. 19 tracks are featured on this compilation including "Breathless" (The Corrs), "Breathe" (Faith Hill), and Madonna's remake of Don McLean's "American Pie".
The album peaked at #5 on the Top Canadian Album charts - a strong performance, but declining slowly as each new album comes out (the second edition reached #2, the third #4).

</doc>
<doc id="20887266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887266" title="State Bank of Chicago">
State Bank of Chicago

State Bank of Chicago was an American banking firm which conducted business under a state of Illinois charter issued on February 10, 1891. State Bank of Chicago operated from offices in the Chamber of Commerce Building located at the southeast corner of La Salle and Washington streets in Chicago, Illinois. State Bank of Chicago was a successor to the private banking partnership of Haugan & Lindgren, Bankers which had been in operation since 1879. Haugan & Lindgren had been housed at No. 57 and No. 59 La Salle Street, Chicago. That bank was founded by Norwegian born Helge Alexander Haugan and his partner John R. Lindgren. It had initially focused on the large population of Scandinavian residents within the Chicago area.
In 1929, Walter W. Head took over as president of State Bank of Chicago and guided through a merger with Foreman National Bank. All of the State Bank’s assets were transferred to the Foreman National. The merger with Foreman National eventually made the remaining institution, the Foreman-State Bank, one of the three largest banks in Chicago. During June 1931, the Foreman-State Bank was acquired by the First National Bank of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="20887271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887271" title="Mount Brewer">
Mount Brewer

Mount Brewer is on the Great Western Divide, a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada in California. It is located in Kings Canyon National Park,
The peak was named for William Henry Brewer who worked on the first California Geological Survey and was the first Chair of Agriculture at Yale University's Sheffield Scientific School. He was chief of the field party that explored the central High Sierra in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="20887281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887281" title="Iowa gubernatorial election, 2010">
Iowa gubernatorial election, 2010

The Iowa gubernatorial election of 2010 was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect the Governor and Lieutenant Governor, who will serve a four-year term to begin on January 14, 2011. In Iowa the Governor and Lieutenant Governor are elected on the same ballot.
The two major party candidates were first-term incumbent governor Chet Culver, a Democrat, who ran for re-election with first-term incumbent lieutenant governor Patty Judge, and former four-term governor Terry Branstad, who won a three-way primary for the Republican nomination and ran with State Senator Kim Reynolds.
The Branstad/Reynolds ticket defeated the Culver/Judge ticket in the general election.
Republican primary.
Candidates.
On ballot.
As listed by the Iowa Secretary of State's office:

</doc>
<doc id="20887294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887294" title="Samuel Green (printer)">
Samuel Green (printer)

Samuel Green (c.1614-January 1, 1702) was an American printer and progenitor of the Green family of printers, which included Bartholomew Green, Bartholomew Green, Jr. and Joseph Dennie. Born in England, he came to Cambridge, Massachusetts with John Winthrop in 1630. He was one of the first American printers; while he arrived in America eight years before Stephen Daye, there is no record of him being a printer until ten years after Daye's business began. Green was also Cambridge's town clerk, and captain of the town militia. Green had nineteen children by two wives, and his descendants were printers in Connecticut, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Nova Scotia, among other places.

</doc>
<doc id="20887297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887297" title="Silvia Huntsman">
Silvia Huntsman

Silvia Huntsman was an English squash player who won the British Open in 1923. She won the title by defeating her compatriot Nancy Cave in the final with a score of 6–15, 15–9, 17–15.

</doc>
<doc id="20887324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887324" title="Alfred Hatch Place at Arcola">
Alfred Hatch Place at Arcola

The Alfred Hatch Place at Arcola, also known as the Arcola Plantation and locally as the Half-house, is a historic plantation house and historic district on the Black Warrior River several miles northwest of Gallion, Alabama. It is located on land first settled by Frederic Ravesies, in what was once the Vine and Olive Colony town of Arcola, founded by French immigrants in the early 19th century. This area of Hale County was part of Marengo County prior to the creation of Hale in 1867. 
History.
The main house was built by Alfred Parker Hatch in 1856. The house was the center of his acre plantation, purchased a few years before from his brother Lemuel D. Hatch during a period of financial difficulty. Alfred Hatch was born on October 14, 1799 in Craven County, North Carolina. He married Elizabeth Vail Blount on May 8, 1822 in Craven County. They had three boys and three girls together, with all still living by the time of the American Civil War. The Alfred Hatch family migrated to Alabama in 1840. Alfred Hatch established several large plantations, most notably the one here at Arcola and Elm Ridge near Greensboro. Hatch owned a total of more than 200 slaves. Elizabeth Hatch died before the end of the Civil War and Alfred remarried to Victoria Jones Walker. They had one daughter together in 1873. Alfred P. Hatch died on January 30, 1879. He left most of the estate to his second wife, creating a rift between her and the children of his first wife.
Architecture.
The Hatch Place is a rare Alabama example of a temple-form house in the Greek Revival style. The house is a two-story brick structure, with massing suggestive of a pseudoperipteral building. The front facade features a monumental tetrastyle Doric portico across the front, with a full-width cantilevered balcony under the portico on the second level. A Tudor arch window is centered in the pediment over the portico. The plantation was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 6, 1988, due to its architectural and historical significance.

</doc>
<doc id="20887325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887325" title="Karingachira Church">
Karingachira Church

A Malankara Church built in 722 AD near Hill Palace, Thripunitura. The church is named after Saint George. The Katthanar (Vicar) of Karingachira was considered the representative of the Nasarani community of the erstwhile Cochin State.
The Saint Parumala Thirumeni was ordained as a deacon in this church in 1857.
This church was elevated as a cathedral by Patriarch Ignatius Zakka I Iwas in 2004.
This church is a now under the control of Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church, under the holy see of Antioch and all the East.

</doc>
<doc id="20887328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887328" title="Ōmekaidō Station">
Ōmekaidō Station

The station has a single platform on a north-south axis. The station has one entrance/exit at the south on of the station. In addition to automatic ticket vending machines, a ticket window is located adjacent to the automatic wicket gates, which is manned at all times during station opening hours.
Ōmekaidō Station opened on April 6, 1928, when the track between and , via was opened, which is now part of the Seibu Tamako Line.
Lines.
Ōmekaidō Station is a short walk from on the JR Musashino Line. This connection is sometimes recommended by JR reservations service and online route planners.
Hours of operation.
The first train to Kokubunji departs at 05:14 and the last train departs at 00:27 bound for Hagiyama.

</doc>
<doc id="20887333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887333" title="Thermal sleeve">
Thermal sleeve

A thermal sleeve is a device around the length of a gun barrel of a large caliber gun, typically found on modern tanks. Its primary purpose is to prevent the gun barrel from being thermally distorted due to environmental conditions, especially when the barrel is already hot due to frequent firing.
Thermal sleeves were originally simply insulators. They would prevent ambient conditions such as bright sunlight or winds from heating or cooling one side of a barrel more than the other which would cause a thermal distortion (bending or drooping), reducing accuracy. More modern variants contain concentric inner and outer insulating sleeves with a gap in between. Versions have been created which are detachable from a given barrel so that they can be re-used with a replacement barrel. Proposals exist for types that have advanced external thermal and radar profiles, reducing their thermal and radar signatures making the barrel and thereby the tank harder to detect.
One of the earliest guns to use a thermal sleeve was the Royal Ordnance L11 used on the Chieftain tank.

</doc>
<doc id="20887351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887351" title="Charles Schneeman">
Charles Schneeman

Charles Schneeman (24 November 1912, Staten Island, New York - 1 January 1972, Pasadena, California) was an American illustrator of science fiction.
Life.
He got a degree in art from the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn in 1933. Further art training followed at Grand Central School of Art with Harvey Dunn and George Bridgeman's figure drawing classes. By that time, he was already interested in science fiction. "A friend showed me an early copy of "Amazing Stories" in 1927 and it was my undoing. The world lost a chemist as I went down the science fiction drain", he wrote. He started drawing for "Wonder Stories" in 1934 and moved to "Astounding" in 1935. In 1938 he had his first cover, for ""The Legion of Time"" by Jack Williamson, and at that time he met John W. Campbell. Between 1938 and 1952 he had illustrated a lot of "Astounding" issues, including making five covers. In World War II he illustrated Army Air Corps technical manuals and discussed doing a comic strip with Isaac Asimov. After the war, he worked for the New York Journal American and The Denver Post and then moved to Los Angeles. He asked to show his work to 20th Century Fox and got a snotty rejection letter. Schneeman died in Pasadena in 1972.
Artwork.
In addition to the science fiction genre (1935–1963), Schneeman illustrated romance magazines, drew humorous cartoons, and created historical and scientific illustrations. Although he used a variety of media, Schneeman expressed a preference for brush and ink, using simple line or dry brush shading.

</doc>
<doc id="20887391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887391" title="Leila Kasra">
Leila Kasra

Leila Kasra () also known as Hedieh (), (March 27, 1939 – May 16, 1989) was a legendary Persian poet, songwriter and lyricist who wrote countless hits for many famous Persian pop artists like Ebi, Dariush, Sattar, Vigen, Moein, Mahasti, Andy, Homeyra, Hassan Shamaizadeh, Siavash Shams, Shohreh, Shahram Solati, Nooshafarin, Nasrin, Habib, Shahrokh, Morteza, Farzin, Golpa, Iraj, Kouros, and the majority of Hayedeh's songs, who was a close friend of her's.
Biography.
Leila Kasra was born on March 27, 1939 in Tehran, Iran. After graduating from high school in Tehran, Kasra moved to England to continue her higher education where she got a bachelors degree in English Literature from King's College London. When she returned to Iran she was hired in the Iran Petrochemical Commercial Company but left the job to pursue her passion in poetry. In 1956 she wrote columns for the magazines: "Omide Iran", "Roshanfekr", "Etelate Banouan". In 1959 her first poem was published in "Etelate Banouan". In 1969 Kasra published two poetry books. One of her books co won the Television poetry contest and she shared the award with Manouchehr Atashi. In 1975 after Fereydoun Khoshnoud's request Kasra started writing songs and became a lyricist for artists like Elaheh and Hayedeh. The first song she wrote was "Doayeh Sahar" sung by Hayedeh. Before the revolution she wrote numerous memorable songs for Hayedeh, Nooshafarin, Elaheh, Ebi, Sattar, Mahasti, Golpa and Nasrin. In 1978 Kasra was diagnosed with breast cancer after giving birth to her third son. Like many Persian artists Kasra moved to the United States after the Islamic Revolution of 1979. In exile Kasra continued songwriting under the name "Hadieh". She wrote countless memorable songs for artists she had worked with before the revolution and for new artists like Andy & Kouros, Siavash and many more. During the 80s she was in constant battle with breast cancer to the point that even after numerous surgeries the cancer had spread causing her to use a wheelchair, though she still continued her career and was one of the most successful songwriter at the time. However on May 16, 1989 after an eleven-year battle with breast cancer, and seventeen surgeries Leila Kasra lost her battle with breast cancer in Century City Hospital in Los Angeles. Kasra was married to Eskandar Afshar and had three sons. Her two last songs, "Ghesseyeh Man" and "Ghalbam Gerefteh" in which she describes her suffering from cancer, were sung by Hayedeh who ironically died 8 months after Kasra. Some of the songs she had written were used in the soundtrack of the 2003 motion picture "House of Sand and Fog". In 2009 the song "Kolbeh" written by Kasra was re-sung by Ebi, this time with and Kamran and Hooman.

</doc>
<doc id="20887392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887392" title="Johan Claesson">
Johan Claesson

Johan Claesson (born August 12, 1981 in Uppsala) is a retired Swedish footballer who last played for IK Sirius in the Swedish Division 1 Norra.
Career.
Sweden.
Claesson began his career as part of the youth team at Hagby IK, before moving to IK Sirius, where he played until 2005. 
Claesson moved to Gefle IF in 2005, and spent four years with the team. Initially used as a substitute, he eventually won a first team spot, and went on to make almost 100 appearances for the club in the Allsvenskan, scoring three goals.
United States.
In December 2008 Claesson signed a one-year contract with the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division with the option of a second year. He played 23 games and scored 1 goal in his debut season with the Timbers, and proved to be an important part of the team's midfield, helping them to the 2009 USL-1 regular season title.
Comeback in IK Sirius.
In December 2010 Claesson signed for his old club IK Sirius in the Swedish third tier.

</doc>
<doc id="20887410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887410" title="Australian Financial Services Licence">
Australian Financial Services Licence

An Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL) is a licence for any Australian businesses involved in the provision of financial services. It is issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) as required by the Corporations Act 2001.
A responsible entity is required to hold an Australian Financial Services Licence.

</doc>
<doc id="20887434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887434" title="2005 North African Futsal Cup">
2005 North African Futsal Cup

The 2005 North African Futsal Cup is the 1st Championship and it took place in Tripoli, Libya from September 19 - September 26, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20887437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887437" title="Up Close &amp; Personal Tour">
Up Close &amp; Personal Tour

The Up Close & Personal Tour was a March–April 2005 concert tour by the American pop vocal group the Backstreet Boys, and it served as a pre-tour for the following Never Gone Tour (2005–2006). They sang all of "" and several songs from their new album, "Never Gone".

</doc>
<doc id="20887439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887439" title="Houston mayoral election, 2009">
Houston mayoral election, 2009

The Houston Mayoral Election of 2009 took place on November 3, 2009, to elect the successor to incumbent Mayor Bill White. White was ineligible for re-election, having served three terms. The race is officially nonpartisan. After no candidate received a majority of the votes, the top two candidates - City Controller Annise Parker and former City Attorney Gene Locke - faced each other in a runoff election on December 12, 2009. On November 11, councilman Peter Brown (who finished third in the first round) publicly endorsed Parker in the Mayor's race. Annise Parker won the run-off and is now the mayor of Houston.
Candidates.
Candidates listed in order of how they appear on the official ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="20887444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887444" title="Rudy Adrian">
Rudy Adrian

Rudy Adrian (born ca. 1969) is an ambient musician from Dunedin in New Zealand. Working in styles ranging from beatless atmospheric music to heavily sequenced electronica, Adrian has released several albums of his music, as well as producing sound track for television in his profession as a sound engineer for Taylormade Media. 
Adrian's albums form two distinct series: "Atmospherfic works" and "Sequencer sketches". His first mini-album, "SubAntarctica" (initially released under his birth name of Rudy Hueting) was as part of a multi-media collaboration on Art in the subantarctic, and involved him and several other artists travelling to the Campbell and Auckland Islands and producing work based on the experience His albums have included collaborations with New Zealand flautist Nick Prosser and Dutch keyboardist Ron Boots.
Adrian has toured New Zealand and the United States, presenting works in a variety of venues ranging from concert halls to planetaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20887448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887448" title="Maroubra Speedway">
Maroubra Speedway

Maroubra Speedway, officially known as Olympia Motor Speedway was a motor racing venue in the Sydney suburb of Maroubra, New South Wales, Australia and was reported to have had a capacity of 70,000. Despite the banking being too steep to walk up it was still not enough for the speeds achieved, and four competitors lost their lives going over the top of banking. Three others also died at the circuit, two of whom were motorcyclists.
The sensationalist media of the day dubbed it a "killer track" which did little to improve the fortunes of the venue.
The speedway continued to operate sporadically in the 1930s but the meetings were not the large affairs held previously. The track was also used for club days, practice and record attempts.
By the 1940s the track was crumbling due to flooding and poor quality concrete and in 1947 it was demolished and a housing commission suburb was built on the site, with a park in what was the infield area named Coral Sea Park. Streets in the new area were named after Allied ships used in the Battle of the Coral Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20887461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887461" title="Goodman School of Business">
Goodman School of Business

The Goodman School of Business (Goodman) is the business school of Brock University in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada. The business school offers programs at both the undergraduate and graduate level of study.
The Goodman School of Business is among the top five per cent of business schools worldwide to attain accreditation by the AACSB as well as membership in Beta Gamma Sigma.
On October 12, 2012 Brock announced that its Faculty of Business was being renamed as the Goodman School of Business. The School is named after the family of Ned Goodman, the businessman and investment expert, who provided the University with a transformational gift to the school.
Accreditations & Rankings.
Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB).
The Goodman School of Business is accredited by The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business(AACSB) International. Fewer than 5 percent of business schools worldwide (only 20 in Canada) have earned this accreditation, the highest standard in management education.
Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario (CPA Ontario).
The Goodman School of Business received accreditation by the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario (CPA Ontario) in November 2013. Goodman was the first business school in Ontario to be accredited at the Master’s level by CPA Ontario under the new National CPA Accreditation Program. Goodman offers graduates of the CPA-Accredited Program with direct access to the CPA Common Final Evaluation (CFE), which is the national qualifying evaluation for the CPA designation. The accreditation was given for the proposed CPA pathways, delivered through a combination of the Bachelor of Accounting (BAcc) and Master of Accountancy (MAcc) degree programs, based on its substantial equivalence to the new CPA Professional Education Program (CPA PEP). 
Certified General Accountants of Ontario (CGA Ontario).
Goodman graduates with a Bachelor of Accounting degree (BAcc) begin the CGA program of professional studies in its Professional Applications and Competence Evaluations (PACE) level. This means that qualified Goodman School graduates only need to take (and pass) five courses in the CGA program and complete the employment experience requirement, to meet the educational requirements to obtain a CGA designation. Courses in the CGA program are conducted online and are 10 weeks in length. Each course is followed by a national exam.
Canadian Institute of Management (CIM).
The Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) program is accredited by the Canadian Institute of Management. Upon graduating from the Bachelor of Business Administration program at Brock, students will have met all the academic requirements for the Certified in Management (C.I.M.) professional designation. After completing two years of verifiable management work experience they may apply to the Canadian Institute of Management for this prestigious designation. 
Beta Gamma Sigma.
The Goodman School of Business is also a member of Beta Gamma Sigma. Beta Gamma Sigma is the honour society serving business programs accredited by AACSB International. Membership in Beta Gamma Sigma is the highest recognition a business student can receive in a business program accredited by AACSB International. Only five other Canadian Business Schools have attained membership in Beta Gamma Sigma.
The Goodman School of Business is one of two universities to have its curriculum accredited by the Canadian Professional Sales Association (CPSA). BBA students in the marketing stream can complete the CPSA's Professional Sales Certificate Program while completing their degree.
Ranking.
The Globe and Mail's "2009 University Report Card", which is a national survey on student satisfaction gave Brock University the following grades in the Medium-sized University category:
In a survey of Deans from international schools of Business, The Goodman School of Business placed fourth in Canada in the Excellent Business Schools nationally strong and/or with continental links category.
The Goodman School of Business was named the Beta Gamma Sigma Bronze Collegiate Chapter in 2007 - the highest ranking attained by any Canadian Business School.
Undergraduate Programs.
Business Administration (BBA).
The BBA program is professionally oriented and combines studies in business disciplines with studies in the Social Sciences, Humanities and Mathematics and Science. The program's first two years provide a foundation of business theory, while the third and fourth years are designed to allow student to concentrate on one particular area of business. The program offers a wide variety of concentrations, including: Accounting, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Marketing, Human Resources Management, Operations, Information Systems, General Management, International Business, and Public Administration.
The BBA Program offers a Co-op component. With a nearly 100% placement rate (one of the highest and most consistent placement rates in the country) and co-op placements with Canadian companies.
Accountancy (BAcc).
The BAcc program leads to an accounting degree. Brock's Accounting Co-op Program is the second largest in Canada and is accredited by CGA Ontario and is part of the Brock CPA Pathway that is fully accredited by CPA Ontario. 
Dual Degree Program.
The Goodman School of Business' Dual Degree Program is offered in association with The European Business School, International University Schloss Reichartshausen (EBS), which is ranked as one of the top business schools in Germany. GSB students complete the first five semesters at The Goodman School of Business and the remaining three semesters at EBS. Each student, upon successful completion of the course of studies will receive two degrees: The Bachelor of Business Administration, International Business concentration degree from Brock and a Bachelor of Science degree from EBS.
Graduate programs.
Master of Business Administration (MBA).
The MBA program is a two year, full-time program starting each September at the St. Catharines, Ontario campus. It offers professional development for graduates from and executives. The program allows students to specialize in Finance, Marketing, Accounting (with the option of the joint MBA-CMA program), or Human Resource Management.
The program also offers a Co-op option, where students can attain placements with companies to gain practical experience.
In 2011, Canadian Business Magazine ranked the Goodman School of Business' MBA 9th in Canada in terms of percentage increase in salary from students entering the program to starting salary upon completion. It is one of three Ontario universities in this list. 
Master of Accountancy (MAcc).
The MAcc program is an advanced degree in accounting and related aspects of business. This program is part of the proposed pathway that is fully accredited by CPA Ontario. 
Master of Science (MSc).
The MSc is a two year, thesis-based program focusing on business research in one of four fields of study: accounting, finance, marketing or management science. The MSc curriculum is in a specialized area of study through course work and the completion of a research program.
The program is designed for students from a variety of disciplines who have completed a 4-year undergraduate degree.
Taro Hall.
Taro Hall houses The Goodman School of Business. It was opened in 1990 and was designed by Moriyama & Teshima Architects. Taro Hall is primarily used for administrative offices, including the Dean's office, and lecture halls. It contains six lecture halls for undergraduate students (BBA & BAcc), three lecture halls for graduate students (MBA, MAcc, IMAcc, and MSc), and a number of break-out rooms for group study. There is also a student lounge and computer commons specifically for graduate business students.
Goodman School of Business Consulting Group.
The Goodman School of Business Consulting Group employs students enrolled in The Goodman School of Business' MBA program for one year terms to offer consultancy services to organizations in the Niagara Region. The Consulting Group employs MBA candidates to provide clients with professional services. Through direct consultant experience, or with the support of faculty experts, the Consulting Group assists organizations with Marketing, Accounting, Finance, Strategy and Human Resources.
Management Development Centre.
The Management Development Centre offers management and leadership development courses and seminars for middle and senior managers. Operated out of The Goodman School of Business, the MDC is for managers and executives working in both private and public sector environments.
Student life.
The Goodman School of Business student associations run the majority of the on-campus activities for students such as inter-collegiate business competitions, socials, networking and professional development events, as well as the annual formal. 
Alumni.
"For notable alumni and affiliates, see List of Brock University people."
The Goodman School of Business established the Distinguished Graduate Award to recognize an outstanding graduate who has excelled in their chosen field. Recipients are honoured for their professional, educational, community and/or volunteer leadership and achievements. Past Recipients include:

</doc>
<doc id="20887464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887464" title="Chylismia cardiophylla">
Chylismia cardiophylla

Chylismia cardiophylla is a species of evening primrose known by the common name heartleaf suncup. It is native to the deserts of northwestern Mexico and the southwestern United States, where it grows in sandy and rocky areas in the desert scrub. It is an annual or perennial herb approaching one meter in maximum height, taking the form of a single erect stem or a low bushy plant. The leaves are up to about 5 centimeters long and are oval or roughly heart-shaped, with rippling or dully toothed edges. The nodding inflorescence is a dense bunch of flowers, each individual cup-shaped bloom on a stout pedicel. The flowers are yellow or cream-colored with petals 3 to 12 millimeters long, and generally remain closed during the day. The fruit is a capsule 2 to 5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20887466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887466" title="In Our Lifetime (Dave Douglas album)">
In Our Lifetime (Dave Douglas album)

In Our Lifetime is the third album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the New World label in 1995 and features performances by Douglas, Josh Roseman, Chris Speed, Marty Ehrlich, Uri Caine, James Genus and Joey Baron. The album features Douglas' interpretations of three compositions by Booker Little and nine of his originals.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "Trumpeter Dave Douglas's New World CD is consistently intriguing, the type of music that gains in interest with each listening".

</doc>
<doc id="20887470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887470" title="2004 BC Lions season">
2004 BC Lions season

The 2004 BC Lions finished in first place in the West Division with a 13–5 record. They won the West Final and appeared in the 92nd Grey Cup.
Playoffs.
Grey Cup.
Toronto Argonauts (27) – TDs, Damon Allen (2), Robert Baker; FGs Noel Prefontaine (2); cons., Prefontaine (3).
BC Lions (19) – TDs, Jason Clermont, Dave Dickenson; FGs Duncan O'Mahony (2); cons. O'Mahony (1).
First Quarter<br> 
BC—TD Clermont 12-yard pass from Dickenson (O'Mahony convert) 4:07 
Second Quarter<br> 
TOR—FG Prefontaine 27-yard field goal 7:40 <br>
TOR—TD Allen 1-yard run (Prefontaine convert) 12:22 <br> 
BC—FG O'Mahony 42-yard field goal 13:13 <br>
TOR—TD Baker 23-yard pass from Allen (Prefontaine convert) 14:37 
Third Quarter<br> 
TOR—TD Allen 1-yard run (Prefontaine convert) 4:45 <br>
BC—FG O'Mahony 36-yard field goal 9:16 
Fourth Quarter<br> 
BC—TD Dickenson 7-yard run (convert failed) 6:06 <br>
TOR—FG Prefontaine 16-yard field goal 12:19

</doc>
<doc id="20887473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887473" title="List of awards and nominations received by Erykah Badu">
List of awards and nominations received by Erykah Badu

Erykah Badu is an American recording artist and actress. After opening a show for D'Angelo in 1994 in her hometown, Kedar Massenburg was highly impressed with her performance and signed her to Kedar Entertainment. Her first album, "Baduizm", was released on February 11, 1997. It spawned three singles: "On & On", "Next Lifetime" and "Otherside of the Game". The album was certified triple Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Badu's first live album (second overall), "Live", was released on November 18, 1997. It produced two singles: "Apple Tree" and "Tyrone". The album was certified double Platinum by the RIAA. Badu's second album (third overall), "Mama's Gun", was released on October 31, 2000. It spawned three singles: "Bag Lady", "Didn't Cha Know?" and "Cleva". The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA. Badu's third album (fourth overall), "Worldwide Underground", was released on September 16, 2003. It generated two singles: "Danger" and "Back in the Day (Puff)". The album was certified Gold by the RIAA. Badu's fourth album (fifth overall), "New Amerykah Part One (4th World War)", was released on February 26, 2008. It spawned two singles: "Honey" and "Soldier".
In 1997, Badu received six nominations and won three, Favorite Female Solo Single for "On & On", Favorite Female Solo Album for "Baduizm" and Best R&B/Soul or Rap Song of the Year for "On & On" at the Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards. In 1998, Badu received fourteen nominations and won eight, including Favorite R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist at the American Music Awards; Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "On & On" and Best R&B Album for "Baduizm" at the Grammy Awards; Outstanding New Artist and Outstanding Female Artist at the NAACP Image Awards; Favorite Female Soul/R&B Single for "On & On", Favorite Female Soul/R&B Album for "Baduizm" and Favorite New R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist for "On & On" at the Soul Train Music Awards. In 2000, Badu received two nominations and won one, Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the Grammy Awards. In 2003, Badu received twelve nominations and won two, including Video of the Year for "Love of My Life (An Ode to Hip-Hop)" at the BET Awards and Best Urban/Alternative Performance for "Love of My Life (An Ode to Hip-Hop)" at the Grammy Awards. In 2008, Badu received eleven nominations and won two, including Best Director for "Honey" at the BET Awards and Best Direction in a Video for "Honey" at the MTV Video Music Awards. Overall, Badu has won 16 awards from 57 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Badu has won one award from two nominations.
BET Awards.
The BET Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television (BET) network. Badu has won two awards from seven nominations.
BETJ Virtual Awards.
The BETJ Virtual Awards is an annual awards ceremony to recognize jazz musicians. Badu has been nominated four times.
Black Reel Awards.
The Black Reel Awards is an annual awards ceremony to recognize African Americans in feature, independent and television films. Badu has been nominated two times.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. Badu has won four awards from nineteen nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Badu has two awards from seven nominations.
NAACP Image Awards.
The NAACP Image Awards is an award presented annually by the American National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to honor outstanding people of color in film, television, music and literature. Badu has won two awards from six nominations.
Soul Train Music Awards.
The Soul Train Music Awards is an annual awards show that honors black musicians and entertainers. Badu has won three awards from five nominations.
Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards.
The Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards is an awards show that honors the accomplishments of women in the music industry. Badu has won three awards from seven nominations.
Virgin Media Music Awards.
Badu has been nominated once.

</doc>
<doc id="20887476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887476" title="David Gustafson">
David Gustafson

David Gustafson (born in Greenville, South Carolina, 1956), is a judge of the United States Tax Court.
Biography.
Gustafson graduated "summa cum laude" from Bob Jones University in 1978, and with distinction from the Duke University School of Law in 1981, where he was a member of the Order of the Coif and executive editor of the "Duke Law Journal" (1980–1981). Gustafson was admitted to the District of Columbia Bar in 1981 and served as an associate at the law firm of Sutherland, Asbill and Brennan, in Washington, D.C., 1981-1983. He was a trial attorney (1983–1989), Assistant Chief (1989–2005), and Chief (2005–2008) in the Court of Federal Claims Section of the Tax Division in the U.S. Department of Justice; and Coordinator of Tax Shelter Litigation for the entire Tax Division (2002–2006). He won Tax Division Outstanding Attorney Awards in 1985, 1989, 1997, 2001–2005, and the Federal Bar Association's Younger Attorney Award, 1991. He was elected president of the Court of Federal Claims Bar Association (2001) and was appointed by President George W. Bush as Judge, United States Tax Court, on July 29, 2008, for a term ending July 29, 2023. 
Gustafson married Sharon Elizabeth Fast in 1980 and they have nine children. Gustafson's father was the late composer Dwight Gustafson.
References.
Material on this page has been copied from the website of the United States Tax Court, a United States government agency, and the information is therefore in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="20887483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887483" title="Strait Talk">
Strait Talk

Strait Talk is a non-profit corporation that facilitates conflict resolution dialogue among university students on the Taiwan Strait issue. It is the only known program focused on promoting political dialogue between young people across the Taiwan Strait. The organization works with students to convene week-long Symposia on university campuses, bringing together five students from each of the three communities: mainland China, Taiwan, and the United States (or Hong Kong in Strait Talk Hong Kong). The fifteen student delegates take part in a private workshop facilitated by an expert mediator, based on the Interactive Conflict Resolution method. At the end of the week, the delegates present their Consensus Recommendation to the host university community and publish it for wider circulation. The organizing committee also holds a series of public lectures and panels on the cross-Strait relationship. Past speakers include: James Lilley, former US Ambassador to China, Richard Bush, former Chairman of the American Institute in Taiwan, and Douglas H. Paal, former Director of the American Institute in Taiwan.
The program was founded by Johnny Lin at Brown University in 2005, and has been held at Brown every November. A new chapter at University of California, Berkeley held its first Symposium in March, 2009. In April 2011 Strait Talk witnessed the opening of its new branch in Greater China: 2011 1st Strait Talk Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20887508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887508" title="Richard T. Morrison">
Richard T. Morrison

Richard T. Morrison (1967) is a judge of the United States Tax Court.
Born in Kansas, Morrison received a B.A. and a B.S. from the University of Kansas in 1989 and was a visiting student at Mansfield College, Oxford University from 1987 to 1988. He received a J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School, 1993 and a M.A. from the University of Chicago in 1994. He was a law clerk to Judge Jerry Edwin Smith, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit from 1993 to 1994, and was then an associate with Baker & McKenzie in Chicago until 1996, and with Mayer Brown & Platt, also in Chicago, until 2001.
Morrison then entered government service, working as a Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Review and Appellate Matters in the Tax Division of the United States Department of Justice, from September 2001 to August 2008 (except for term as Acting Assistant Attorney General, from July 2007 to January 2008). Nominated by President George W. Bush as Judge, United States Tax Court, on November 15, 2007, Morrison was confirmed by Senate, July 7, 2008.
Note.
Material on this page was copied from the website of the United States Tax Court, which is published by a United States government agency, and is therefore in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="20887556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887556" title="Big Bear Lake International Film Festival">
Big Bear Lake International Film Festival

The Big Bear International Film Festival has been held in the mountain community of Big Bear Lake, California, United States since 2000. Every year, the festival expands with number of submissions and the prestige of their honorees. The festival hosts both film and screenplay competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20887570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887570" title="Eremothera chamaenerioides">
Eremothera chamaenerioides

Eremothera chamaenerioides is a species of evening primrose known by the common name long-capsule suncup. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows especially in desert regions. It is an annual herb producing an erect, hairy, glandular stem which is reddish in color and up to half a meter tall. The leaves are lance-shaped or oval and up to 7 or 8 centimters long. The nodding inflorescence produces several flowers, each with white petals a few millimeters long and drying to dull red. The fruit is a capsule 3 to 5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20887572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887572" title="Blaine Willenborg">
Blaine Willenborg

Blaine Willenborg (born January 4, 1960, in Miami, Florida), is a former professional tennis player from the United States. 
Willenborg enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 7 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 9 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 13 in 1988. His career high singles ranking was World No. 50, which he reached on Sep 9, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20887670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887670" title="Mississippi Valley Conference (Wisconsin)">
Mississippi Valley Conference (Wisconsin)

The Mississippi Valley Conference (MVC) is a high school athletic conference in southwest Wisconsin. All MVC schools are members of the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association (WIAA), and are located in the La Crosse, Wisconsin metropolitan area.
History.
The MVC was formed in 1989. To accommodate for the growing attendance in schools in traditional rural-based conferences, and to accommodate for travel purposes, the MVC was formed originally by taking teams from three established conferences. Holmen and Onalaska were taken from the Coulee Conference, Tomah and Sparta from the South Central Conference, and La Crosse Central and La Crosse Logan from the Big Rivers Conference.
Shortly after, in 1997, La Crosse Aquinas joined from the Central Wisconsin Catholic Conference of the Wisconsin Independent Schools Athletic Association, a private school athletic league, to become the seventh member.
Beginning in 2014, West Salem will compete in the Mississippi Valley Conference for football only. They remain in the Coulee Conference for all other sports.
Sports.
The MVC sponsors 20 varsity sports. They are:
All Sports.
Nineteen varsity sports count towards the Mississippi Valley Conference "All Sports Award." Points are awarded based on a team's finish in a given sport (seven for the conference championship, six for second place and so on to one point for the seventh-place finisher). At the completion of each sport season (fall, winter and spring), updated standings are posted on the league's Web site, and at the end of the school year, the school with the most points is declared the winner of the "All Sports Award." 
Rivalries.
The Mississippi Valley Conference has a number of intense rivalries, both based on proximity, and performance.
Other Main Rivalries.
Additionally to these main rivalries, many other rivalries have developed based on different sports and success. In the early 2000s, Holmen and Aquinas had fierce competitions in boys basketball in which tickets were sold out days after going on sale. Additionally, in the early 1990s, Onalaska Vs. Central was a heated matchup in Boys Basketball. In wrestling, Holmen Vs. Sparta and Holmen Vs. Tomah have come and gone. In Ice Hockey, Onalaska and Aquinas/Holmen/G-E-T/C-FC hold a battle for the Omni Center rivalry, as both teams play in the same venue.
Many non-conference rivalries are also in the MVC. Onalaska Vs. West Salem, Logan and Central Vs. Eau Claire Memorial and North, Tomah Vs. Black River Falls, and Holmen Vs. G-E-T are all annual football games. Aquinas maintains matchups with old conference members from their WISAA days.
Rivalry Week.
In many different sports, particularly but not limited to football basketball and wrestling, the three big rivalries will frequently be played on the same days, coining the phrase Rivalry Week in football and Rivalry Night in other sports. These rivalries are Central Vs. Logan, Holmen Vs. Onalaska, and Sparta Vs. Tomah. Occasionally, Aquinas will be inserted into a city match up or against Holmen or Onalaska on a Rivalry Night.

</doc>
<doc id="20887675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887675" title="Dinoponera gigantea">
Dinoponera gigantea

Dinoponera gigantea is one of the world's largest species of ant. It is found only in South America. The females of the species are larger than males, with lengths ranging from . The females are coal-black in color, while the much smaller males are dark red.
Distribution.
"Dinoponera gigantea" has been found on the coast of Guyana, in the Brazilian states of Amazonas, Pará including Marajo Island, Mato Grosso and Maranhão as well as the Loreto Province in Peru. "Dinoponera gigantea" is reported to be common in un-flooded forests in the vicinity of Belém, Pará. It is probable that "Dinoponera gigantea" is found in French Guyana, Surinam, Venezuela and southeastern Colombia because these regions are adjacent to known "Dinoponera gigantea" localities and have similar lowland rainforest habitat.
Nesting.
"D. gigantea" colonies have as many as eight entrances to their underground chambers, each being in diameter. The entrances are, as is typical for ants, surrounded by the soil removed to make the nest, but, in contrast with other species, no mound is formed. Nests have been found to be about deep, with chambers approximately in height and in width.
At least in some instances, the species is polydomous, with a single colony occupying and maintaining more than one nest at a time. Some instances of this were recorded in Fourcassie and Oliveira's 2002 study, which found colonies using multiple nests, the entrances of which were apart.
Foraging.
Activity outside the nest is highest at sunrise and sunset, though it is likely that some activity occurs at night. Individuals search for food alone, generally within about of the nest. Items brought back range from 10 to 400 milligrams, and are of wide variety, including both plant and animal matter. Food items include fruits of vismia plants, inga seeds, and various small animals such as spiders, crickets, and snails. A relatively small number, around 10%, of foraging trips turn out to be successful. Successful foraging trips are typically thirty to sixty minutes in duration, but may run as long as three hours.
Territorialism.
Neighboring colonies of "D. gigantea" have distinct foraging areas. On the occasion that ants from different colonies meet on the border of these areas, the individuals face each other, locking their mandibles. The two then repeatedly poke each other's head with their antennae while kicking with the forelegs. At some point, one of the ants gains a dominant position, eventually biting the other on the top of the head and pressing the gaster against the loser's body. The entire encounter can last up to half an hour. In Fourcassie and Oliveira's study, both ants were invariably found to be uninjured.

</doc>
<doc id="20887694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887694" title="Constellations (Dave Douglas album)">
Constellations (Dave Douglas album)

Constellations is the fourth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the second to feature his Tiny Bell Trio. It was released on the Swiss Hat Hut label in 1995 and features performances by Douglas, Brad Schoeppach and Jim Black.
The Allmusic review by Alex Henderson states ""Constellations" isn't easy to absorb on the first listen; like a lot of avant-garde jazz, this is music that reveals more and more of its power with each listen".

</doc>
<doc id="20887703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887703" title="Provo (Vladimirci)">
Provo (Vladimirci)

Provo () is a Serbian village located in the Vladimirci municipality of the Mačva District, with an altitude of 86 meters. As of 2002 the population of Provo is 2,355.

</doc>
<doc id="20887704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887704" title="Special Operations Training Group">
Special Operations Training Group

The Special Operations Training Group, or SOTG, is a training section of the United States Marine Corps that provides Marine Expeditionary Force (MEF) commanders with training facilities and a liaison for Marine Expeditionary Units (MEU). They also conduct special skills courses that trains Marines and Sailors, and other cross-services as well. They participate in the MEUs' Special Operations Capable Certification, by acting as the "Training and Evaluation Board" for the exercises and events during the MEU annual training cycles. The SOTG maintains training facilities at Stone Bay, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
Courses.
The SOTG curriculum contains many courses of instruction for Marines, Sailors, and other service personnel in methods and procedures of skills that are required to perform special operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20887730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887730" title="Veerangkuppam">
Veerangkuppam

Veerangkuppam is a small village in Ambur Taluk, part of the Vellore District in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu. This village is surrounded by cocunut tree farms, and the Palar river. The village's population is approximately 3000. This village is famous for local festival called 'CHAMUNDEESWARI AMMAN THIRUVIZHA' comes every year of January after the festival PONGAL. The main part of the festival is 'YERUTHU VIDUM THIRUVIZHA' (Like Jallikattu) and 'KARAGAM'.
Schools in Veerangkuppam.
M.J.R Matriculation School.

</doc>
<doc id="20887743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887743" title="Modiolarca">
Modiolarca

Modiolarca, is a genus of medium-sized marine bivalve molluscs in the Family Mytilidae, the mussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20887758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887758" title="Mike Forrester">
Mike Forrester

Mike Forrester is an American competitor in loggersports. He is a third-generation competitor in the Stihl Timbersports Series and the owner of Honey Creek Excavating. He is the 2000 Double Hand Sawing Champion (World Championships Albany Timber Carnival) and the 1998-1999 Single Hand Sawing Champion (World Championships Albany Timber Carnival). Mike competes in over fourteen events per year in the U.S. and Australia. A lifelong resident of Glide, Oregon, Mike has appeared on several major cable networks including ESPN and Comedy Central's"The Colbert Report".

</doc>
<doc id="20887787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887787" title="Nicholas A. Peppas">
Nicholas A. Peppas

Nicholas (Nikolaos) A. Peppas (; born in Athens, Greece on August 25, 1948) is a chemical and biomedical engineer whose leadership in biomaterials science and engineering, drug delivery, bionanotechnology, pharmaceutical sciences, chemical and polymer engineering has led to numerous biomedical products or devices.
Education and work.
Peppas was educated in chemical engineering at the National Technical University of Athens (D. Eng., 1971) and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Sc.D., 1973) under the direction of bioengineering pioneer Edward W. Merrill. Subsequently, he was a postdoctoral fellow in the Arteriosclerosis Center of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology under world biomedical leaders Clark K. Colton, Kenneth A. Smith and Robert S. Lees.
He is the Fletcher Stuckey Pratt Chair in Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin and Chairman of the Biomedical Engineering Department. He has been at the University of Texas at Austin since December 2002 and is also serving as the Director of the Center of Biomaterials, Drug Delivery, Bionanotechnology and Molecular Recognition with appointments in the Department of Chemical Engineering, the Department of Biomedical Engineering and the College of Pharmacy at the University of Texas at Austin. Previously, he was the Showalter Distinguished Professor of Chemical and Biomedical Engineering at Purdue University.
Peppas is a leading researcher, inventor and pacesetter in the field of drug delivery and controlled release, a field that he developed into a mature area of scholarly research. He is also a leader in biomaterials and bionanotechnology, and has contributed seminal work in the fields of feedback controlled biomedical devices and molecular recognition. The multidisciplinary approach of his research in bionanotechnology and biomolecular engineering blends modern molecular and cellular biology with engineering to generate the next-generation of medical systems and devices, including bioMEMS with enhanced applicability, reliability, functionality, and longevity. His contributions have been translated into more than twenty medical products.
Peppas is a member of the US Institute of Medicine (IOM) of the National Academy of Sciences, the US National Academy of Engineering (NAE), the Académie Nationale of France, the Real Academia Nacional de Farmacia of Spain and the Academy of Medicine, Engineering and Sciences of Texas (TAMEST). Very few chemical engineers are members of both NAE and IOM (the others being Frances Arnold, Mark Davis and David A. Tirrell of the California Institute of Technology, Rakesh Jain of Harvard, Robert Langer of MIT, and his former student Kristi Anseth of the University of Colorado). He has received honorary doctorates from the University of Ghent (Belgium, 1999), the University of Parma (Italy, 2000), the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens(Greece, 2000) and the University of Ljubljana. 
He is President of the International Union of Societies for Biomaterials Science and Engineering (2008–2016). He has served as a Director of the Biomedical Engineering Society (2008–2011), Chair of the College of Fellows of the American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE, 2006–2007), President of the Society for Biomaterials (SFB, 2003–2004), President of the Controlled Release Society (CRS, 1987–1988), Director of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE, 1999-2002), Chairman of the Materials Division of AIChE (1988–90) and Director of the Bioengineering Division of AIChE (1994–97). Peppas was Editor of the leading biomaterials science journal Biomaterials from 1982 to 2002 and an Associate Editor of the AIChE Journal, from 2009-2012. Presently, he is the Editor-in-Chief of the Wiley/SFB biomaterials Book Series, an Associate Editor of Biomedical Microdevices, a Consulting Editor of Pharmaceutical Research and an Associate Editor of the Cambridge University Press Biomedical Series.
He is an inaugural Fellow of the Biomedical Engineering Society, an inaugural Fellow of the Materials Research Society (MRS), an inaugural Fellow of the CRS, a founding Fellow of AIMBE, a Fellow of the American Chemical Society, Fellow of the Society for Biomaterials, a Fellow of the American Physical Society, a Fellow of the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS), a Fellow of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, a Fellow of the American Society for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), a Fellow of the American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE) and an Honorary fellow of the Italian Society of Medicine and Natural Sciences.
He has been a Visiting Professor at the University of Geneva, University of Paris-Sud (Orsay/Chatenay-Malabry), University of Parma, University of Pavia, University of Naples Federico II, Free University of Berlin, University of Santiago de Compostela, Complutense University of Madrid, Hoshi University, Tokyo, Hacettepe University, Ankara, National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, and the California Institute of Technology.
Peppas is a leading scientist of modern drug delivery. He has helped to set the fundamentals and rational design of drug delivery systems and biomaterials over the past 37 years. He was the first to set the theories and equations that led to the design of a wide range of new systems. For example, using biomedical engineering principles and new biomedical transport theories, Peppas developed the equations that describe Fickian and non-Fickian diffusion of drugs, peptides and proteins in controlled release devices. The “Peppas equation” has become the standard method of analysis of pharmaceutical formulations or systems. His earliest work also led to the development of a number of swelling-controlled release devices for the release of small molecular weight drugs. Using the modeling similarities of phase erosion and state erosion, he developed a unified model for all drug delivery systems. Similarly, he developed the theoretical framework for the analysis of transport through crosslinked biomaterials (the Peppas-Reinhart theory, ionic hydrogels (the Brannon-Peppas theory), and gel-tissue interactions via tethers (the Huang-Peppas theory and the Sahlin-Peppas equation). For the profound impact of these theories and analyses, Peppas has been recognized as the most cited and highly published author in “drug delivery”, “biomaterials and drug delivery”, and “intelligent materials”. He is listed as a Highly Cited ResearcherSM of Thomson Scientific and the Institute of Scientific Information. He has also ranked as one of the most cited chemical and biomedical engineers with 60,000 citations and an H-index of 120.
Applications of his theories and mathematical models have had a profound effect in the field. Peppas and his students originated the novel muco- and bioadhesive systems that interact molecularly with the mucus and tissue and have been able to prolong bioavailability of proteins and peptides in the blood. As a result of his work, a number of biomedical polymers and commercial delivery devices have been launched. Peppas was the first to develop novel toxic-free poly(vinyl alcohol) gels by the freezing-thawing technique in 1975. These gels became very successful articular cartilage replacement systems. In 1978, he developed the same systems for "in situ" replacement of vocal cords. In 1979 his group pioneered the use of hydrogels in drug delivery applications, including epidermal bioadhesive systems and systems for the release of theophylline, proxyphylline, diltiazem, and oxprenolol. Peppas’ lab has developed new technologies of oral delivery systems for insulin and other proteins. These devices release insulin orally, “protecting” the insulin throughout its transport in the stomach, upper small intestine, and, eventually, blood, and bypassing diabetics’ need for several daily injections. The same technology has been used for the transmucosal (oral, buccal) delivery of calcitonin (for treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women) and interferon-alpha (for cancer therapy), and is presently investigated for interferon-beta release for multiple sclerotic patients. Peppas was one of the pioneers of intelligent biomaterials, and medical devices. Using intelligent polymers as early as 1980, Peppas and his group were the first to use such pH-sensitive and temperature-sensitive systems for modulated release of streptokinase and other fibrinolytic enzymes.
Peppas has founded three companies: "Mimetic Solutions", a company that commercializes recognitive systems and is in the forefront of intelligent device and bioMEMs development, "Appian Labs" and "CoraDyn Biosystems" for the commercialization of various pharmaceutical products and medical devices. He is the author of 1,200 publications, and numerous proceedings papers and abstracts. He is the coauthor or coeditor of 37 books, including the three-volume "Hydrogels in Medicine and Pharmacy" (CRC Press, 1987), the monograph "Pulsatile Drug Delivery" (WSGS, Stuttgart, 1993), two books on Biopolymers (Springer, 1994), the monograph "Molecular and Cellular Foundations of Biomaterials" (Academic Press, 2004), the book "Intelligent Therapeutics: Biomimetic Systems and Nanotechnology in Drug Delivery" (Elsevier, 2004), the monograph "Nanotechnology in Therapeutics" (Horizon Press, 2007) and the book "Chronobiology and Drug Delivery" (Elsevier, 2007).
Awards.
He has been awarded more than 100 international awards. These include:
In addition, he has received the highest scientific recognitions from both Universities with which he has been associated:
In 2008 he was selected as one of the 100 Engineers of the Modern Era by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers. In 1991, the journal Polymer News recognized him as a polymer pioneer. Finally, in 2002, he was recognized as a biomedical pioneer by the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society.
Researchers under his supervision.
Peppas has supervised more than 780 researchers, visiting scientists and graduate students including 95 PhDs, of which 42 are now professors in other Universities. Many others have become leading biomedical scientists, engineers, physicians and medical professionals. Peppas’ former students are affectionately called “peppamers”. Among the numerous graduates from his laboratories, there are some of the leaders of drug delivery, biomaterials, bionanotechnology, polymer science and pharmaceutical sciences including the NAE and IOM member, HHMI Investigator and NSF Alan T. Waterman, SFB Clemson and AIChE Colburn awards recipient Kristi Anseth of the University of Colorado; the AIChE Colburn, Wilhelm and SFB Clemson awards recipient Christopher Bowman of the University of Colorado; the Alpha Chi Sigma, BMES and SFB Clemson awards recipient Antonios Mikos of Rice University; the TR100 recipients Balaji Narasimhan of Iowa State University, Anthony Lowman of Drexel University and Surya Mallapragada of Iowa State University; the ACS polymer award recipient Alec Scranton of the University of Iowa, Robert Parker of the University of Pittsburgh, the Fulbright Scholars Christopher Brazel of the University of Alabama, Bruno Gander of ETH Zurich, Madeline Torres-Lugo of the University of Puerto Rico, Jürgen Siepmann of the University of Lille, France, Irma Sanchez of the Tecnologico de Monterrey, Mexico, Todd Gehr, Chief of Nephrology of the Virginia Commonwealth University, Dukjoon Kim of the Sung Kyun Kwan University of Korea, the AIChE ChE Practice award recipient Lisa Brannon of the University of Texas, Zach Hilt and Tom Dziubla of the University of Kentucky, the ASEE ChE and Keillor awards recipient Jennifer Sinclair Curtis of the University of Florida, Yanbin Huang of the Tsinghua University, Mark Byrne of Auburn University, Lisa Shieh of Stanford University Medical School, MyungCheon Lee of the Dongguk University of Korea, Eurand award recipient Ruggero Bettini of the University of Parma, Italy, Esmaiel Jabbari and Jay Blanchette of the University of South Carolina, David Henthorn of the Missouri University of Science and Technology, Eric Dietz of Purdue University, Catherine Dubernet of the University of Paris-Sud, Jessica Guingrich of the Medical School of the University of Illinois, Ebru Oral of the Harvard Medical School, Mara Lovrecich of the University of Padova, Hideki Ichikawa of the Kobe Gakuin University, Bumsang Kim of the Hongik University of Korea and Oya Sipahigil of the Marmara University of Istanbul.
Personal life.
Nicholas Peppas is married to Lisa Brannon-Peppas, whom he met at Purdue University where she received her Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering, have two children, Katherine and Alexander. They reside in Austin, Texas. Peppas is involved in writing about the history of chemical engineering and has published books and review articles on the subject. His latest review of the Centennial of AIChE was published by the Chemical Heritage Foundation in August 2008. Peppas is also an avid record collector and author of biographies and monographs on opera. A recent book on "Vasso Argyris: The Great Greek Tenor of the Interwar Years" was published in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20887808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887808" title="Enhanced Combat Helmet (Australia)">
Enhanced Combat Helmet (Australia)

The Enhanced Combat Helmet (ECH) is the standard issue combat helmet of the Australian Defence Force, introduced in 2004 to replace the PASGT helmet. A modified version of the 'RBH303' design offered by the Israeli company Rabintex, it was selected in a competition between four rival designs. Modifications to the helmet include making it lighter, better ballistics protection qualities, and a redesign of the liner's padding. The Enhanced Combat Helmet has four sizes (Small, Medium, Large and Extra Large).

</doc>
<doc id="20887821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887821" title="Taurion">
Taurion

The Taurion (), as it is known in Haute-Vienne, or Thaurion, as it is known in Creuse, is a 107 km long river in western France, tributary of the Vienne river. 
Its source is at an altitude of 785 m on the Plateau de Millevaches, on the flanks of the Puy de Groscher, near Gentioux in the commune of Gentioux-Pigerolles, in the Creuse "département".
It passes under the bridge of Sénoueix, feeds the Lac de Lavaud-Gelade, before crossing the Rigole du diable. It flows into the Vienne on the right bank at Saint-Priest-Taurion, at 232 m elevation. Hydro-electric dams are built along the river, (La Roche Talamy, l'Étroit, Saint-Marc, Chauvan).
The Taurion flows through the following "départements" and towns:

</doc>
<doc id="20887844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887844" title="Zenith Records">
Zenith Records

Zenith Records is a self-contained vinyl record pressing plant located in Melbourne, Australia. Established in (?) for many years the plant was relocated to its current location in the last two years. Zenith is a custom manufacturer of vinyl records. Zenith also runs an independent record label that issues only new vinyl records as well as reissues of vinyl by Australian and overseas artists.
Overview.
In the mid-2000s, Australian artist Pegz, owner of Obese Records, purchased the Zenith Records vinyl pressing plant, one of only two companies then still pressing vinyl records in Australia. The pressing plant was subsequently sold in November 2007.
Zenith has three Alpha-Toolex record presses in operation, a Neumann Record Cutting lathe, as well as its own record matrix-making facilities. Plating of the record masters is done in-house, as well as the production of mothers, stampers, or converts.
Zenith over the years has produced a great variety of vinyl records it is a very long list of local and overseas artists.
Zenith is the only self-contained Vinyl Record Manufacturing facility in Australia. Zenith Records also runs the only Record Cutting lathe in Australia. Production of 12" as well as 7" Records including most items associated with new vinyl records is the only activity carried out this also includes the mastering of music specifically for Vinyl Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20887871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887871" title="Baillairgé">
Baillairgé

Baillairgé may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20887874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887874" title="Charles Hill (American football)">
Charles Hill (American football)

Charles LeDawnta Hill is an American football player. He was selected in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft by the Houston Texans and played for one season in the National Football League. He has played in the NFL Europe league and since 2006 has competed in the Arena Football League.
Early life.
Hill was born to Charles Hill and Deborah Ford on 1 November 1980. He attended Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Greenbelt, Maryland. While there, Hill played on the varsity basketball team for three years, where he was noticed by the football coach, who convinced him to play football for his junior and senior years. As a junior, Roosevelt won the Prince George's County and regional football championships before falling to runners-up in the Maryland state final.
In 1997 as a senior, Hill saw action on both sides of the ball as part of the defensive and offensive lines. He recorded 114 tackles (87 solo), seven sacks, four fumble recoveries, and four forced fumbles. Hill was named an honorable mention all-county and honorable mention all-league player, and selected to play in the Chesapeake Classic and Mason-Dixon Classic high school all-star games. He graduated from Roosevelt in 1998.
College career.
Hill attended the University of Maryland. In 1998, as a true freshman, he saw action in nine games including three starts and recorded 16 tackles and one sack. In 1999, Hill saw action in ten games including three starts, accumulating 23 tackles. He also played part of the season as a back-up center during the early part of the season. In 2000, he started in nine games, but missed the matches against Clemson and Wake Forest due to a dislocated elbow. He recorded 43 tackles (22 solo), 12 quarterback hurries, and three sacks. That year, Hill was honored as an Atlantic Coast Conference All-Academic football player.
2001 proved Maryland's best season in over a decade, where the team compiled a 10–2 record and secured a Bowl Championship Series berth against number-five ranked Florida. That season, Hill started in all 11 games, including the Orange Bowl. He finished as the second-leading tackler behind only first-team All-American, E.J. Henderson. Hill recorded a total of 81 tackles (44 solo), including eight for a combined loss of 26 yards, nine quarterback hurries, and two sacks.
Professional career.
Hill was selected in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft by the Houston Texans (83rd overall). During the 2002 season, he played in all 16 games for the Texans, and primarily saw action on special teams which included two kick-off returns. In 2003, he was allocated to the Berlin Thunder of NFL Europe, where he recorded 14 tackles, one sack, and one forced fumble. After that season, Hill signed or attended training camps of various teams including the Chicago Bears, Carolina Panthers, and San Francisco 49ers.
He played in the Arena Football League with the Orlando Predators from 2006 until the league folded in 2008. In 2006, Hill played in 11 games and recorded 7.5 tackles, three quarterback hurries, one forced fumble, and three sacks. In 2007, he saw action in 16 games playing as a nose tackle, tight end, and on special teams. That season, he recorded 8.5 tackles, a blocked field goal attempt, and two touchdown receptions.

</doc>
<doc id="20887908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887908" title="Townsend (name)">
Townsend (name)

Townsend is a topographic surname of Yorkshire and Norfolk origin, indicating residence at the extremity of a city or burgh (from Middle English "touun" "village", "hamlet", "stead" + "ende" "end".) Popular variants are Townshend (of Norfolk variety), and Townend.

</doc>
<doc id="20887911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887911" title="Cornelius Thuhageni Njoba">
Cornelius Thuhageni Njoba

Cornelius Thuhageni Njoba (1930-1982) was the chief of the Ovamboland bantustan in Namibia, then known as South West Africa from August 1975 to July 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20887914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887914" title="Fairhope Plantation">
Fairhope Plantation

__NOTOC__
Fairhope Plantation is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house and historic district, located one mile east of Uniontown, Alabama, USA. The -story wood-framed main house was built in the Gothic Revival style in the late 1850s. The plantation historic district includes six other contributing buildings, in addition to the main house. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on December 19, 1991 and subsequently to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29, 1992, due to its architectural and historical significance.
History.
Fairhope Plantation was built for Joseph Selden, a native of Virginia. He was born on June 4, 1831, and grew up at Westover Plantation in Charles City County, Virginia. Selden married Elizabeth Collier Minge, of Weynoke Plantation near Faunsdale, in 1854. Elizabeth was born on May 30, 1833. Her family was also originally from Charles City County. Joseph and Elizabeth established Fairhope on property given to them by Elizabeth's family. The main house was built by Theophilus Gilliam Fowler, a local builder. Construction began in 1857 and was completed by 1861. The 1860 United States Census of Perry County indicates that Joseph Selden owned 80 slaves in that year. Selden organized Selden's Battery, an artillery unit, at his own expense during the American Civil War. The unit saw action in several major engagements, including the battles of Kennesaw Mountain, Franklin and Nashville. Elizabeth Selden died following childbirth in 1868, Joseph died in a hotel fire in 1900. Fairhope continued to be owned by Selden descendants and operated as a farm for another century after their deaths.
Architecture.
The inspiration for the main house at Fairhope Plantation is thought by architectural historians to be an enlarged adaptation of a design by Alexander Jackson Davis, published in Andrew Jackson Downing's "Cottage Residences" in 1842. The house features numerous Gothic Revival details, including intricate bargeboards on the eaves and gables, hood moldings over the doors and windows, octagonal brick chimneys, and central gables topped by finials on all four sides. Additionally, it has a one-story cast-iron veranda around three sides of the ground floor. It is one of only about twenty Gothic Revival residential structures remaining in Alabama. Other historic Gothic Revival residences in the area include Waldwic in Gallion and Ashe Cottage in Demopolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20887919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887919" title="Jurong West Avenue 2">
Jurong West Avenue 2

Jurong West Avenue 2 is a road that it is a continuation of Jurong Road. Previously, it was part of Jurong Road, it links from Pioneer Road North to Pan Island Expressway.

</doc>
<doc id="20887925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887925" title="Paul Wynter">
Paul Wynter

Paul Wynter was a competitive bodybuilder and sometimes film actor. He is best known for his two wins in the Mr. Universe competition. A native of the West Indies, he was reported to be 68 years old in 2003.
Bodybuilding and Mr. Universe.
Wynter was first awarded the title of Mr. Universe in 1960. He won the title again in 1966, and placed highly in the same competition over several years from his first placing in 1958. During his career as a bodybuilder he was admired for having one of the most perfectly symmetrical bodies in the world, standing at a relatively average 5'8" tall and weighing 180 lbs. He was featured in at least fourteen issues of "Health and Strength Magazine", even as recently as 1997.
Film career.
Wynter's best known roles are arguably in the Italian-made sword and sandal films "Maciste nella terra dei ciclopi (1961)" co-starring Gordon Mitchell and "Maciste, l'uomo più forte del mondo (1961)" co-starring Mark Forest. Additionally, he appeared in several French-made comedies.
Later life.
According to a 2003 article, Wynter was living in New Moston, Manchester with his wife Mary, who two years his junior and manages a care home. In that year, a mentally unstable neighbor broke into the couple's home and attacked them with a knife. While the couple survived the incident, Wynter sustained a stab to the chest that punctured his lung.
The couple survived the assault and the local police force honored Wynter with a special award. When it was revealed that the attacker, who had been caught, was awarded freedom by the Manchester court, Wynter boycotted the ceremony out of protest. His wife Mary accepted the award on his behalf.

</doc>
<doc id="20887931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887931" title="Peachy (disambiguation)">
Peachy (disambiguation)

Peachy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20887935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887935" title="Bishop of Derry and Raphoe">
Bishop of Derry and Raphoe

The Bishop of Derry and Raphoe is the Church of Ireland Ordinary of the united Diocese of Derry and Raphoe in the Province of Armagh.
The united diocese has two Episcopal sees, one at St Columb's Cathedral, Derry in Northern Ireland, and the other at the Cathedral Church of St. Eunan, Raphoe in the Republic of Ireland. The current Bishop is the Rt Rev Ken Good, Bishop of Derry and Raphoe, who signs "Ken Derry and Raphoe".

</doc>
<doc id="20887957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887957" title="Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet">
Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet

The Hunan–Hubei–Sichuan–Guizhou Soviet (), was a revolutionary base area and constituent part of the Chinese Soviet Republic (1930–1935). 
It was established by the Chinese communist general He Long, who had brought his Second Army Group out from the collapsing Hunan-Western Hubei Soviet. The new Soviet was bolstered in October 1934 by units of the Sixth Army Group (formerly the Eastern Hunan Red Army Independent Division) which had fled the collapsing Hunan-Jiangxi Soviet the previous August. The new soviet's combined force was redesignated the Second Front Red Army, He Long commanding. 
The Soviet comprised counties which are located in the modern Chinese prefectures of Western Hunan Tujia-nation and Miao-nation Autonomous (湘西恩施土家族苗族自治州), Hunan, Enshi Tujia-nation & Miao-nation Autonomous (恩施土家族苗族自治州), Hubei, and Tongren (铜仁地区), Guizhou and in the modern unemprovinced municipal region of Chongqing. (From 1997 Chongqing has no longer been part of Sichuan Province; the administrative lines of the 1930s Soviet counties Youyang Tujia-nation and Miao-nation Autonomous (酉阳土家族苗族自治县) and Xiushan Tujia-nation and Miao-nation Autonomous (秀山土家族苗族自治县) thus run to Beijing through Chongqing rather than Chengdu).

</doc>
<doc id="20887970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887970" title="She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy">
She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy

"She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy" is a song written by Jim Collins and Paul Overstreet, and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in October 1999 as the third single from his album "Everywhere We Go". The song peaked at number 11 in early 2000 and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
Content.
The song is an up-tempo in the key of B-flat major, with a vocal range from B♭3 to F5. It describes the narrator who is working at a farm, driving a tractor "in the hot summer sun". He describes himself as being attractive to a female, who "thinks tractor's sexy".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Martin Kahan.
Chart performance.
"She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy" first charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart as an album cut, reaching number 72 on the week of June 26, 1999. It re-entered the charts at number 75 on the week of August 14, 1999, then fell out and re-entered again at number 74 on September 4. Its last re-entry was at number 67 on September 25, 1999, spending a total of 21 weeks on the U.S. country chart and peaking at number 11.
"My Cellmate Thinks I'm Sexy".
Cledus T. Judd parodied the song as "My Cellmate Thinks I'm Sexy" on his 2000 album "Just Another Day in Parodies". This parody referenced Chesney's and Tim McGraw's June 2000 arrests after stealing a Mounted Reserve deputy's horse. Released as a single late that year, Judd's parody reached number 61 on the country charts.
Use in media.
This song is used in the Rock Band Country Track Pack.

</doc>
<doc id="20887975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887975" title="Woodlands Road, Singapore">
Woodlands Road, Singapore

Woodlands Road is a road in Woodlands, Singapore. It runs as a continuation of Upper Bukit Timah Road and ends at Woodlands Checkpoint.
The road then spread out and called it Woodlands Avenue 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20887996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887996" title="The Audacity of Democracy">
The Audacity of Democracy

The Audacity of Democracy is a 2009 American independent documentary film produced by Lorenda Starfelt and directed by Brad Mays for LightSong Films in North Hollywood. The film, which was shot in New York City, Washington, D.C.; Chicago, Illinois; Dallas and Austin, Texas; and Denver, Colorado is an in-depth look at the P.U.M.A. (People United Means Action) movement in general and one of its most controversial leaders, Darragh Murphy, in particular.
Criticism.
Brad Mays quickly came under fire from various online pro-Obama blogs, citing conflict-of-interest due to the production having been financed by PUMA-Pac itself. A vociferously anti-PUMA site called StupidPumas posted a paged entitled "Stupid Brad Mays," criticizing the filmmaker for not doing proper investigative work on the PUMA movement. Mays acknowledged these concerns, while maintaining that the film would be an objective account of what he saw and heard during the Democratic primary. About a week before the Democratic convention in Denver, all of Mays' camera equipment was stolen while en route to Chicago. Although most of the gear was eventually replaced, the crucial Chicago shoot was seriously compromised.
When Mays decided, for the sake of balance, to film interviews with internet journalist Tommy Christopher, an outspoken critic of the PUMA movement, the rank and file of the PUMA movement quickly denounced the filmmaker, distancing themselves from the entire project. In multiple subsequent Blog-Radio interviews, Brad Mays has expressed extreme dissatisfaction with his film, revealing that he had not been allowed to complete shooting in the manner originally agreed to, adding that many of the PUMA members who had decided to switch their support to John McCain did not care for the way their new-found Republican leanings played onscreen. According to a WordPress.com announcement for the movie, "this two hour film offers a sympathetic yet unflinching look at a genuine grass-roots political action group determined, for good or ill, to change the course of American history." 
Citing alleged electoral malfeasance including caucus fraud on the part of rival candidate Barack Obama's juggernaut campaign, PUMA attempted, without success, to secure the Democratic Party's presidential nomination for their candidate of choice, Senator and former First Lady Hillary Clinton.

</doc>
<doc id="20887999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20887999" title="Ulrich Schmid-Maybach">
Ulrich Schmid-Maybach

Ulrich Schmid-Maybach is a philanthropist, real estate developer, and entrepreneur. He is the great-grandson and grandson of Wilhelm and Karl Maybach, respectively. When Daimler AG re-launched the Maybach brand of ultra-luxury automobiles, Schmid-Maybach was named brand ambassador. Inspired by the mentorship of Karl Maybach by Gottlieb Daimler, Ulrich founded the Wilhelm and Karl Maybach Foundation, to "give exceptionally talented young individuals the chance to change the world." He resides in San Francisco but his work and his dedication to the Foundation require he spend much of the time traveling the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="20888006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888006" title="Erskine (name)">
Erskine (name)

Erskine is a Scottish surname. Members of nobility and other Scottish people with the name include:
Other people with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20888012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888012" title="Society 1">
Society 1

Society 1 is an industrial metal band formed in the 1990s in Los Angeles, California by lead singer Matt Zane. They have released four studio albums, a live album, a compilation album, and a spoken word poetry album by vocalist Matt Zane. The band has also performed at several major festivals, including Download, where vocalist Matt Zane broke several records by performing the entire set suspended from 4 meat hooks through his back. Zane has performed while suspended on several other occasions. Some fans and critics have compared Society 1 to bands like Marilyn Manson.

</doc>
<doc id="20888022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888022" title="Released (Jade Warrior album)">
Released (Jade Warrior album)

Released is the second studio album by British band Jade Warrior. It follows a progressive rock trend rather than the ultimately ethnic and worldly sound of their previous album.
From "Jade Warriors" web site:
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jade Warrior, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20888025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888025" title="Kirsten Holly Smith">
Kirsten Holly Smith

Kirsten Holly Smith is an American singer and actress. 
She is best known for her portrayal of the legendary 1960's British singer Dusty Springfield. She developed her characterization of Springfield beginning in 2006 with a workshop production of her one-woman biographical musical on Springfield, which she performed at the University of Southern California. She received a $6,700 grant from the university to stage the performance. 
In 2008, Smith presented a revised version of her one-woman musical, then-entitled ‘’Stay Forever: The Life and Music of Dusty Springfield,” which she also wrote, at the Renberg Theatre in West Hollywood, California. In the show, Smith performed 14 of Springfield's hit songs, which are integrated into the narrative in the style of a jukebox musical. 
Smith performed the show over the course of a month long run at the Renberg Theatre at the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center in February, 2008. The show received positive reviews from the Los Angeles Times, L.A. Weekly and other Los Angeles-area publications. 
The Los Angeles run received financial backing and publicity support from star Jorja Fox.
Smith continued to develop her Dusty Springfield piece over the next four years. She performed a nightclub act consisting of Springfield’s songs at numerous venues including Joe’s Pub in New York City and Catalina Jazz Club in Los Angeles. 
During this time she revised her one-woman play into a full-scale, multi-character musical intended for the New York stage.
On November 18, 2012, the new version of Smith’s Dusty Springfield bio-musical, now entitled Forever Dusty opened Off-Broadway at New World Stages in New York City. Smith again portrayed Springfield. She was now accompanied by a cast of four other actors, each portraying multiple characters. The play now contained 20 songs and ran 90 minutes with no intermission. The show was scheduled for an open-ended run with eight performances per week.
In addition to Forever Dusty, Smith has appeared on stage in numerous plays including Of Mice and Men, Three Sisters and Twelfth Night as well as several independent films including the lead role in "Isle of Lesbos".

</doc>
<doc id="20888046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888046" title="Diospyros pentamera">
Diospyros pentamera

Diospyros pentamera is a common rainforest tree in the Ebony or Persimmon family (Ebenaceae) growing from near Batemans Bay (36° S) in New South Wales to the Atherton Tableland (17° S) in tropical Queensland, Australia. It is commonly known as the Myrtle Ebony, Black Myrtle, Grey Plum or Grey Persimmon.
Description.
"Diospyros pentamera" is a small to large rainforest tree, from 6 to 40 metres in height at maturity, and 60 centimetres in width at the base. It grows in various types of rainforests, but grows best in volcanic soils in fire free areas with high rainfall.
The leaves are 5 to 9 centimetres long, not toothed. Fragrant white flowers form in spring. The mid sized edible berry matures around December to February and are eaten by many rainforest birds including Brown Cuckoo Dove, Wompoo Fruit Dove, Rose-crowned Fruit Dove, Topknot Pigeon, Currawong, Regent Bowerbird and Australasian Figbird. Germination of fresh seed is quick, but occasionally unreliable. This tree is easily identified in the rainforest by the dark rough bark, which resembles the bark of Ironbark trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20888072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888072" title="Aurora Floyd">
Aurora Floyd

Aurora Floyd (1863) is a sensation novel written by Mary Elizabeth Braddon. It is a follow-up novel to Braddon's highly popular "Lady Audley's Secret" (1862). The plot follows the eponymous heroine, the daughter of a marriage between a nobleman, and an actress, as she grows into sexual maturity and is embroiled in mystery and scandal. The story includes such controversial elements as bigamy, murder, and elopement.
History.
"Aurora Floyd" was first serialized in "Temple Bar Magazine" January 1862-January 1863, then published in 3 volumes by William Tinsley in 1863.
Dramatisation.
"Aurora Floyd" was dramatised for the stage by Colin Henry Hazlewood in 1863 and first performed at the Britannia Theatre Saloon in 1863. The script was subsequently published by Thomas Hailes Lacy's in his series "Acting Edition of Plays", the 85th play in the series. Tinsley also dramatised other works by Braddon, notably "Lady Audley's Secret".
Character.
Aurora Floyd is an atypical Victorian heroine, being strong-minded, active and willing to defy contemporary social rules. This may partly explain why "Aurora Floyd" still enjoys some popularity, when many of Braddon's numerous novels have fallen into obscurity. However the character, whilst overtly rebellious, is not generally considered as subversive as Lady Audley, an outwardly ideal Victorian heroine who emerges as the creator of her own perfect persona.

</doc>
<doc id="20888079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888079" title="Five (Dave Douglas album)">
Five (Dave Douglas album)

Five is the fifth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the second to feature his string group (following "Parallel Worlds" (1993)). It was released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1996 and features performances by Douglas, Mark Feldman, Erik Friedlander, Drew Gress and Michael Sarin.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states "Trumpeter Dave Douglas' unusual string group is reminiscent in some ways of Ornette Coleman's free-jazz quartet despite not playing any of Ornette's originals and having a very different instrumentation. All of the musicians function as equals, the interaction is often intuitive, and the improvising... is on a high level. Well worth exploring".

</doc>
<doc id="20888081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888081" title="Encirclement Campaign against the Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet">
Encirclement Campaign against the Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet

The Encirclement Campaign against Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet was a series of battles launched by the Chinese Nationalist Government that was intended to destroy communist Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet and its Chinese Red Army in the local region. It was responded by the Communists’ Counter-Encirclement Campaign at Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Soviet (), also called by the communists as the Counter-Encirclement Campaign at Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou Revolutionary Base (), in which the local Chinese Red Army successfully defended their soviet republic in the southern Jiangxi province against the Nationalist attacks from February, 1935 to August, 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20888082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888082" title="2008 Flathead Valley avalanches">
2008 Flathead Valley avalanches

The Flathead Valley avalanches were two avalanches that buried 11 snowmobilers near the town of Fernie, British Columbia, Canada on December 28, 2008. The avalanches ultimately claimed the lives of 8 of the riders, and prompted the need for more awareness on avalanche safety.

</doc>
<doc id="20888085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888085" title="Percy Prince">
Percy Prince

Percy Prince (15 August 1887 – December 1973) was an English amateur footballer who played as a centre-forward for Southampton and Boscombe in the early 20th century.
Football career.
Prince was born in Liverpool but was raised in Southampton and played his club football on Southampton Common, while woking in the Merchant Navy.
He was signed by Southern League Southampton as an amateur in 1907 and made his first team debut away to New Brompton on 17 October 1908. In the next match, against Millwall he scored in a 4–1 victory at The Dell, but made only one further appearance that season, followed by two further appearances at the end of the 1909–10 season, scoring in both matches. He was the first-choice centre-forward at the start of the next season, scoring in a 3–0 victory over Portsmouth on 10 September 1910, before losing his place to Sid Kimpton.
Described as a ""sharp-shooting centre-forward, keen and enthusiastic "" but with a genial nature, ""there was none more zealous in the interests of the team"." He was known as "Peewee" to his team-mates.
He finally became established in the side, playing at inside left in December 1911, taking over from Andrew Gibson, but after a run of nine games in which he scored twice, Prince lost his place back to Gibson. In March 1912 Gibson was suspended (along with Henry Hamilton) for a "serious breach of club discipline", as a result of which both players were placed on the transfer list. This led to Prince's restoration to the team which he marked by scoring four goals in three matches.
In the 1912–13 season, Prince only missed eight matches scoring eleven league goals, making him the club's top scorer for the season. In the following season, he continued to be a regular starter but was pushed out onto the wing in more of a supporting role to Len Andrews and Arthur Dominy, and his scoring ability faded before he lost his place in January 1914 to Bill Smith, who in turn was replaced by Arthur Hollins.
In the summer of 1914, Prince was released by Southampton and joined Boscombe in the Hampshire League. The outbreak of World War I interrupted his career but he turned out occasionally for Boscombe during the wartime period until returning to Southampton in 1917, where he played for his former club in the wartime leagues.
At the cessation of hostilities, Prince re-joined Southampton in August 1919 and made four further appearances. in place of Bert Fenwick in the Saints' final Southern League. Prince was now playing at half back and his final appearance was in a 2–6 defeat at The Dell by Northampton Town on 25 October 1919. Although he was not to make further appearances in the first team, Prince continued to play for the reserves, gaining Hampshire League and Senior Cup medals, as well as gaining representative honours with Hampshire.
He returned to Boscombe in November 1920, before retiring the following summer.
Life outside football.
Prince was employed by the Cunard Line for 32 years and in 1930 he moved to New York City as Assistant Catering Officer, servicing the trans-Atlantic ocean liners from Southampton, including RMS Aquitania and RMS Queen Mary.
Prince retired in 1952, and continued to live in New Jersey where he died in December 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20888088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20888088" title="Baksh">
Baksh

Baksh may refer to:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
