<doc id="20859003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859003" title="Abortion in Bolivia">
Abortion in Bolivia

Abortion in Bolivia is illegal, except in the cases of rape, incest, or to protect the woman's health. This policy forms part of the Penal Code laid down in 1973, and has been in force since then. Due to the difficulty of receiving abortions - even if the abortion does fall under one of the exceptions to the law, judicial permission needs to be secured, which can take a very long time - many pregnant women end up having unsafe, clandestine abortions instead. According to the Bolivian Ministry of Health, almost all of the 67,000 abortions performed in Bolivia in 2011 were clandestine, with approximately half of the women who received them needing hospital care afterwards. This practise has been linked to the high maternal mortality rates in the country.
Efforts were made to change the law in 2005, when legislators from the Movement for Socialism introduced a bill to legalise abortion, but it was quickly rejected. In 2013, four years after the introduction of Bolivia's new constitution, Patricia Mancilla began a legal challenge calling for the Plurinational Constitutional Tribunal to declare many provisions of the Penal Code, including the anti-abortion legislation, unconstitutional.

</doc>
<doc id="20859017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859017" title="Geleen-Lutterade railway station">
Geleen-Lutterade railway station

Geleen-Lutterade is a railway station located in Geleen and Lutterade, Netherlands. The station was opened in 1862 and is located on the Maastricht–Venlo railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station was originally called "Geleen" but later changed to "Lutterade". The station received its current name in 1954.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Geleen-Lutterade:

</doc>
<doc id="20859024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859024" title="Thampalakamam">
Thampalakamam

Thampalakamam is a Town in the Trincomalee District of Sri Lanka and it is located about 20 km South-West of Trincomalee. It is also known as "Tampainakar" in Tamil chronicles written during the 17th century. Portuguese colonial officers who came to the general area after 1622 with the destruction of the Koneswaram temple, described the village as prosperous and large. It was the seat of government of medieval feudal lords of the area who had control over a region called Tampalakamam Pattu. It became the refuge of Hindus and their idols that were saved from the destruction of the temple of Koneswaram. Ati Konanayakar a successor temple was constructed in Thampalakamam. During the Sri Lankan civil war in the 1980s and 1990s the village and the surrounding area were severely affected, leading to massacres and depopulation. The village was resettled after 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20859029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859029" title="2007 Speedway World Cup Qualification">
2007 Speedway World Cup Qualification

The 2007 Speedway World Cup Qualification (SWC) was a two events of motorcycle speedway meetings used to determine the two national teams who qualify for the 2007 Speedway World Cup. According to the FIM rules the top six nations (Denmark, 
Sweden, Great Britain, Australia Poland, and United States) from the 2006 Speedway World Cup were automatically qualified. Qualification was won by Finland and Russia teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20859032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859032" title="Samardo Samuels">
Samardo Samuels

Samardo Samuels (born January 9, 1989) is a Jamaican professional basketball player for Emporio Armani Milano of the Lega Basket Serie A. He is a 6'9", 260 lb power forward/center who attended college at the University of Louisville.
High school career.
Samuels attended Saint Benedict's Preparatory School in Newark, New Jersey. Samuels was ranked 9th in the nation by Rivals.com and 2nd in the nation by Scout.com. He, alongside class of 2010 star Tristan Thompson led St. Benedicts's Prep to a 24–1 record in the 2007–2008 season. At seasons end St. Benedict's was ranked #2 in the nation by "USA Today". He played in the two top all-American games, the McDonald's All-American Game and the Jordan Brand Classic.
College career.
Samuels decided to attend the University of Louisville for college. He chose the Cardinals over Connecticut, Florida, Georgetown and North Carolina. At Louisville, Samuels started every game that he played in and led the 2009–10 team in scoring and rebounding. After his sophomore year, he decided to skip his final two years of college eligibility and enter the 2010 NBA Draft.
Professional career.
NBA career.
Samuels went undrafted, but played for the Chicago Bulls in the 2010 NBA Summer League. He averaged 12.6 points and 7.4 rebounds. On August 17, 2010, Samuels signed a 3-year, $2.3 million contract with the Cleveland Cavaliers. A portion of the deal is guaranteed.
He debuted against the Toronto Raptors, on October 29, and scored 7 points. On December 27, 2010 he was sent to the Erie BayHawks, the Cavs' affiliate in the NBA Development League. On January 1, after two games in the NBA D-League, he was recalled by the Cavs.
On March 2, 2011, Samuels made his first career start against the San Antonio Spurs in place of the injured Antawn Jamison and scored a career high 23 points while pulling down 10 rebounds.
On December 28, 2012, Samuels was assigned to the Canton Charge of the D-League. He was recalled on December 31, 2012. On January 6, 2013, he was waived by the Cavaliers. He was acquired by the D-League's Reno Bighorns on January 17, 2013.
Europe.
In April 2013, Samuels signed a two-month deal with Hapoel Jerusalem. On July 25, 2013, Samuels signed a two-year deal with Emporio Armani Milano.

</doc>
<doc id="20859041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859041" title="Kudumbimalai">
Kudumbimalai

Kudumbimalai is a region in the west of Batticaloa District, Sri Lanka. It consists of a rock formation and a thick jungle. The area is very close to Polonnaruwa District border.
Kudumbimalai in Tamil translates to Hair-knot-rock. Another Tamil name for the region is Thoppikkal, which translates to Hat-rock, hence in Sinhala it is called Thoppigala.
British colonists from the past named the rock Baron's Cap.

</doc>
<doc id="20859042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859042" title="Chinese Cereals and Oils Association">
Chinese Cereals and Oils Association

Chinese Cereals and Oils Association CCOA was established in 1986. It is a national scientific and technical association for the cereals, oils, fats and feed producing industry. CCOA is member of CAST (China Association for Science and Technology) and has close relations with the Ministry of Commerce, which controls most of the cereals, oils and fats and the feed industry in China. The Chinese cereal and oil and baking industry produces more than 34% of the total production value of the whole food industry. Cereal, oil and feed is one of the most important sectors in the Chinese food industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20859059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859059" title="Oregon Common School Fund">
Oregon Common School Fund

The Oregon Common School Fund is part of the budget of the U.S. state of Oregon. It derives from the use of state lands dedicated to public schools. The Oregon State Land Board, composed according to the Oregon Constitution of the Governor, Secretary of State, and Treasurer of Oregon, has responsibility for managing the fund.
, the fund's principal was valued at $1,169,000,000. Since 2000, annual disbursements have varied from as low as $13.3 million (in 2004) to $48.5 million (in 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20859061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859061" title="Vakarai (Sri Lanka)">
Vakarai (Sri Lanka)

Vakarai or Vaharai (, ), The Sinhala name වාකර is pronounced 'vākara'.It is a town in the Batticaloa District of Sri Lanka, located about 65 km Northwest of Batticaloa. The Anglicization vākari should be preferred to vāhari.
This a predominant Tamil area, and headquarters the Koralai Pathu North Division with a population around 21,000. The residents are predominantly poor fishermen or farmers.
Civil War.
Vakarai was a strategically important city for the LTTE serving as a communication link between the Eastern Province and the Northern Province. Since 1985 it has served as a major battleground with its control often shifting between the Sri Lankan government, the Indian Peace Keeping Forces and the LTTE. the Karuna faction broke from the LTTE here and the LTTE was pushed out in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="20859068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859068" title="Chenkalady">
Chenkalady

Chenkalady or Chenkaladi is a town in the Batticaloa District of Sri Lanka, it is located about 15 km north-west of Batticaloa. In Tamil it translates to "By-the-brick".

</doc>
<doc id="20859069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859069" title="Francis Line">
Francis Line

Francis Line (1595 – 15 November 1675), also known as Linus of Liège, was a Jesuit priest and scientist. He is known for inventing a magnetic clock. He is noted as a contemporary critic of the theories and work of Isaac Newton.
Life.
Line, who used the alias Hall, was born in 1595, most probably in London, or Buckinghamshire. He entered the Society of Jesus in 1623, was ordained priest in 1628, and was professed of the four vows on 20 August 1640.
For many years Line was professor of Hebrew and mathematics in Jesuit college at Liège. He was sent on the English mission about 1656, and for a short time he served in the Derby district. During 1659 and for several years he was in the London district; and in 1665 he was stationed in the Lancashire district. During the time that he was serving the English mission he constructed the dial which was set up in the king's private garden at Whitehall on 24 July 1669. In 1672 he was again at Liège, where he was spiritual father, and where he died on 25 November (N.S.) 1675.
Dial at Whitehall Palace.
Line created a dial for Charles II in 1669. It was fully described in "An Explication of the Diall" (1673). It stood on a pedestal, and consisted of six parts, rising one above the other, with multitudes of planes cut on each, which were dials for the purposes of geography, astrology, and astronomy. It was smashed by the Earl of Rochester and drunken friends in 1775.
Works.
His works are:

</doc>
<doc id="20859072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859072" title="Arboretum Robert Ruffier-Lanche">
Arboretum Robert Ruffier-Lanche

The Arboretum Robert Ruffier-Lanche (3 hectare) is an arboretum located on the campus of the Université Joseph Fourier at 2233 rue de la Piscine, Saint-Martin-d'Hères, Isère, Rhône-Alpes, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was created in 1966 beside the Isère River by Robert Ruffier-Lanche, head gardener of the Jardin botanique alpin du Lautaret. After some years of neglect, its restoration began in 1999. Today the arboretum contains over 200 species of trees and shrubs from temperate environments around the world, including particularly fine specimens of "Davidia involucrata", "Paulownia tomentosa var tsinlingensis", and "Quercus rugosa".
It also contains a scaled model representation of the solar system.

</doc>
<doc id="20859073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859073" title="Zé Ramalho ao vivo">
Zé Ramalho ao vivo

Zé Ramalho ao vivo is the first (and currently only) live album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho, apart from his live recorded performances with other artists. It was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20859079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859079" title="Beijing Food Research Institute">
Beijing Food Research Institute

Beijing Food Research Institute (BFRI; ) is a food science research institution in China.
History.
The institute was founded in 1963. Its success in providing both foreign and domestic investors with project consulting service has earned it high reputation. Well-known enterprises using BFRI's know-how In 1989 the know-how of Instant Enriched Soymilk Powder was transferred to Xuzhou W Food & Beverage Co. Ltd. Since 1997 BFRI has been supplying Xurisheng Group Co in Hebei Province with instant tea. In 1998 Beijing Tea Quality Supervision Station established under BFRI and Tea Leaves Beverage Quality Assaying Center of China Commerce Association were approved by the State Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision and started to render assaying services for the first batch of appointed tea stores, such as Zhangyiyuan Tea Compary.
Research Department of BFRI.
It carried out many state-level key scientific and technological projects in the 7th, 8th, and 9th Five-Year Plan periods, all of which have been put into practice in the food industry. Now it is focusing its efforts on membrane separation technology, biofermentation technique, microencapsulation technique, supercritical liquid extraction technique, extrusion technique, etc. BFRI has obtained more than 400 achievements in scientific research, one of which won State Spark Prize, nine won State Science and Technology Progress Prize and thirty-one gained state patents.Tea Leaves Beverage Quality Assaying Center of China Commerce Association Beijing Tea Quality Supervision Station. Both are institutions approved by State Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision. The Centre is fully equipped with advanced testing equipment.
Journal.
China Food Publishing Co., Ltd.: China Food was published its first issue in 1972. It has been the China's first food magazine, welcomed by the general public. Food Science was published its first issue in 1980, In 1982 Chemical Abstract, the authoritative periodical in USA, started to carry abstracts derived from Food Science. In 1992, 1996 and 2000 it was successively chosen as one of the core periodicals for the food industry by the China State Commission of Science and Technology. Food Abstract is the sole publication of its kind in China, covering a wide range of subjects on food research, production and teaching. Its subscribers include technical personnel, policy-makers and college students.
External links.
Official website 

</doc>
<doc id="20859093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859093" title="Stonyfield">
Stonyfield

Stonyfield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20859099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859099" title="Eravur">
Eravur

Eravur is a town in the Batticaloa District of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, it is located about 15 km north-west of Batticaloa. It's governed by an Urban Council.
Mosques.
Islamic Center(Markazul Islami Jum'a Masjid) - Eravur
Meera Grand Jummah Mosque (Odduppalli Mosque)
Akbar Jummah mosque
Jamiul Akbar Jummah Mosque
Mohideen Jummah Mosque
Aboosalh thaikkah Mosue<br>
Jifry thikaah Mosque<br>
Saviya Mosque<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20859100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859100" title="Geleen Oost railway station">
Geleen Oost railway station

Geleen Oost is a railway station located in Geleen, Netherlands. The station was opened in 1896 and is located on the Sittard–Herzogenrath railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station was served by the Haarlem - Heerlen Intercity service until December 2006.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Geleen Oost:

</doc>
<doc id="20859117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859117" title="Chengdu Grain Storage Research Institute">
Chengdu Grain Storage Research Institute

Chengdu Grain Storage Research Institute (CGSRI) is a grain storage research and development and quality inspection facility in Chengdu, China. It is administered by the State Grain Administration, a department of the National Development and Reform Commission. CGSRI has served as project leader on over 230 national-level key projects. CGSRI has also carried out academic exchanges and technological cooperation in grain storage and quality inspection with experts and institutions in many countries. The information center of CGSRI is also the official body of the Storage Professional Branch of the CCOA.
External links.
CGSRI maintains two websites which serve as platforms for the release of official policies and the latest progress in research and development, as well as dissemination of projects and products:

</doc>
<doc id="20859120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859120" title="Stephen Dolginoff">
Stephen Dolginoff

Stephen Dolginoff is an award-winning, New York City based playwright-composer. His most notable work is "Thrill Me", the musical version of the true story of Leopold and Loeb, which opened Off-Broadway at the York Theatre in 2005. Subsequently it was published by Dramatists Play Service. and has been performed in cities across America, as well as internationally in cities such as Toronto, London, Melbourne & Sydney, Australia; Athens, Greece, Datteln Germany; Tokyo, Japan and Seoul, South Korea Dolginoff won an ASCAP Music Award for the score of "Thrill Me" and was nominated for New York's Drama Desk Award for both Best Musical and Best Music Score as well as an Outer Critics Circle Award nomination for Best Off-Broadway Musical. The Los Angeles production was nominated for an Ovation Award for Best Musical in an Intimate Theatre. In 2009, Dolginoff received a Los Angeles Garland Award honorable mention for the Music & Lyrics of "Thrill Me".
For his 1994 musical, "One Foot Out the Door", he received the Bistro Award, given by Back Stage Newspaper for Outstanding Book, Music & Lyrics.
Dolginoff has also written the musicals "Flames" (premiere production 2013), "Most Men Are, Journey to the Center of the Earth" and "Panic" (which opened at the Lamb Theatre in April 2009). As an actor, Dolginoff portrayed the role of Nathan Leopold, in the Off Broadway, Seattle, and Buffalo productions of "Thrill Me". He received a BFA in Dramatic Writing from NYU/Tisch School of the Arts.
He was born and raised in Kansas City.

</doc>
<doc id="20859134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859134" title="Cominella">
Cominella

Cominella is a genus of carnivorous sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
Species.
Species and subspecies (indented) in the genus "Cominella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20859138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859138" title="Shanghai Liangyou Group">
Shanghai Liangyou Group

Shanghai Liangyou Group Ltd (SLG; ) was founded in 1998, is the largest food company in Shanghai. It boasts RMB 1.6 billion of registered capital and owns more than 20 subsidiaries or affiliates. Its business is mainly in the field of food and oil storage, wholesale and processing, domestic and foreign bulk trade, import and export, chain sales, assets management and entity investment. Shanghai Liang You Group has the advanced equipments for gain & oil processing. It owns 5 famous brands, i.e. Lehui rice, Haishi refined oil, seagull condiment, Xuege flour and Weidu noodles.

</doc>
<doc id="20859166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859166" title="Tomi Janežič">
Tomi Janežič

Tomi Janežič is a Slovenian theatre director, professor at the Academy for Theatre, Radio, Film, and Television (AGRFT) in Ljubljana, Slovenia, and a psychodrama psychotherapist. He is also one of the founders and the artistic director of the Studio for Research on the Art of Acting which runs its activities mostly at Krušče Workcenter for Artistic Research, Creation, Residency and Education in Krušče, Slovenia.
Education.
Janežič obtained his BA and MA degrees in theatre directing from the Academy of Theatre, Radio, Film and Television (AGRFT) in Ljubljana, and was later educated in Slovenia and abroad, particularly in the field of various acting techniques and psychodrama. He also finished introductory studies of Group Analysis (Institute for Group Analysis Ljubljana). He obtained the Psychodrama Psychotherapist Certificate after finishing the International Psychodrama Education of Belgrade Institute of Psychodrama and Zagreb Center for Psychodrama.
Career.
Tomi Janežič worked in most of the former Yugoslav countries. His performances have toured on some dozens of international festivals around Europe, in Russia, the United States and in the countries of former Yugoslavia (Vienna, Brussels, Rotterdam, Munich, Düsseldorf, Nitra, Sofia, Piatra Neamt, Timisoara, Moscow, St. Petersburg, New York, Belgrade, Novi Sad, Sarajevo, Zagreb, Rijeka, Dubrovnik, Split, Skopje, Ohrid, Ljubljana etc.) including Wiener Festwochen (Vienna, Austria), Kunstenfestivaldesarts (Brussels, Belgium), BITEF - Belgrade International Theatre Festival (Serbia), Nitra International Theatre Festival (Slovakia), Sarajevo International Theatre Festival MESS and International Sarajevo Winter Festival (Bosnia and Herzegovina), Eurokaz International Theatre Festival Zagreb, Rijeka International Small Scenes Theatre Festival, Dubrovnik Summer Festival (Croatia) , Paradise Regained (Rotterdam and other cities, Holland), Tanzwerkstatt Europea München and Tanzhaus nrw Düsseldorf (Germany), Balkan Theatre Space International Theatre Festival St. Petersburg and Moscow Footlights - International Festival of Contemporary Dance (Russia), MOT Skopje International Theatre Festival and International Ohrid Festival (Macedonia), Exodos International Theatre Festival Ljubljana (Slovenia), and on all other most important regional theatre festivals in the countries of former Yugoslavia (Sterijino pozorje Novi Sad, Jugoslovenski pozorišni festival Bez prevoda Užice, Međunarodni festival pozorišne klasike Vršac, Gavelline večeri Zagreb, Marulićevi dani Split, Zlatni lav Umag, Splitsko ljeto, Grad teatar Budva, Borštnikovo srečanje Maribor, Primorski poletni festival Koper, Slovenian, Croatian and Serbian Theatre Showcases etc.)
Janežič is a recipient of some dozens of prizes and awards including Borštnik award, four Sterija awards, two MESS Golden Laurel Wreath awards , two Ardalion Awards, two Grand prix Golden Lion awards, Golden Mask, Golden Bird and Judita awards, two dr. Djuro Rošić awards, and other Grand Prix, international critic and audience awards (including BITEF audience award for best performance) and awards for directing.
Tomi Janežič teaches acting and theatre directing at the University of Ljubljana (Slovenia) - Academy of Theatre, Radio, Film and Television. He is also a Visiting professor of University of Novi Sad (Serbia) at the Academy of Arts (Acting Master Class) and Faculty of Technical Sciences (Art applied to Architecture, Technique and Design). He lectured at the University of Arts in Belgrade (Serbia) within the interdisciplinary doctoral studies program (Space in Dramatic Art and Architecture of the Scenic Space), at the Academy of Arts (Acting) of the University of Osijek (Croatia), the Faculty of Humanistic Studies of the University of Primorska (Slovenia), within the postgraduate programs at the Faculty of Cognitive Sciences and the Faculty of Pedagogy (Psychodrama) of the University of Ljubljana (Slovenia), at Oslo National Academy of Arts (Norway) and Nordic Institute of Stage and Studio - The Arts University College of Oslo (Norway), in the frame of Metodi Festival (International Meeting of Acting Methods and Approaches) - Tuscany (Italy) and several other international theatre festivals (BITEF, NITRA International Theatre Festival, Desire Central Station, FIST, etc.).
Janežič has been a speaker at a number of international meetings, seminars and workshops in the field of theatre, acting and psychodrama both in Slovenia and abroad - in recent seasons at the International FEPTO meeting (2010), International Theatre Conference on Dramatic and Post-dramatic Theatre (2009) and International Theatre Conference on Chekhov (2010) in the frame of BITEF festival in Belgrade (Serbia), Directors-Actors Film Workshop - Sofia (Bulgaria) (2010), Festival of Slovenian Drama (2010, 2011) etc. In 2014 he will be teaching at Act - Escola de Actores - Lisbon (Portugal). As a psychodrama psychotherapist he has been directing a permanent psychodrama group since 2010.
Janežič was an invited artist at the New European Theatre NET - Moscow (Russia), Theorem Meeting - Festival Avignon (France), Forum Wiener Festwochen - Vienna (Austria), Residence and Reflection Project - Kunstenfestivaldesarts - Brussels (Belgium) , Knjizevni susreti Sarajevo - International Meeting of Playwrights and Theatre Artists (Bosnia and Herzegovina), etc. 
Tomi Janežič has been described as: 
""one of the very few researchers of acting in the present-day Europe" (Prof. Ognjenka Milićević)"; “a "teacher of the best method trained actors I have ever had the pleasure to work with: the level of talent and their desire to improve their craft reminded me of the Actors studio, when I first started in 1968 till Strasberg's death in 1982"" (Ed Kovens); the director of the performance characterized by ""an unparalleled quality in the art of acting"", which ""can truly shift the parameters of our emotional and intellectual reality"" (Nataša Govedić); ""we can already speak about the Janežič System"" (Branka Krilović). 
Since 1996 he has been the artistic director, and since 2004 also the director of the Studio for Research on the Art of Acting in Ljubljana - an institute for cultural activities devoted to artistic, educational, research, and residency activities in the field of acting - within the framework of which - and in collaboration with parallel foreign organizations and artists - he has done research projects in the field of acting. His several years on-going involvement in the international research program entitled the Potentials of Acting - researching the creative and therapeutic potentials of acting - deserves special mention. In the course of last two decades Studio for Research on the Art of Acting has realized numerous international projects (theatre coproduction, research and educational programmes, artistic exchanges and residencies) and hosted a number of distinguished acting teachers and artists from all over the world. Studio has transposed most of its activities to the Janežič's work center in Krušče, a small village near Cerknica, since the beginning of the estate renovation in 2006. Krušče Workcenter for Artistic Research, Creation, Residency and Education - recognized and valued as a space for artistic investigation and reflection - hosted internationally acclaimed artists from more than twenty countries in the field of performing arts, film, music, fine arts, and literature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20859178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859178" title="George W. Knight III">
George W. Knight III

George W. Knight III is an ordained minister in the Orthodox Presbyterian Church. He is a theologian, author, preacher, churchman, and adjunct professor of New Testament at Greenville Presbyterian Theological Seminary in Taylors, South Carolina. Formerly, he was the founding Dean and Professor of New Testament at Knox Theological Seminary. Prior to his appointment at Knox Theological Seminary, he taught New Testament and New Testament Greek at Covenant Theological Seminary in St. Louis, Missouri. As a pastor, he planted Covenant Presbyterian Church in Naples, Florida and has served numerous other local churches in the Presbyterian Church in America and the Orthodox Presbyterian Church. A former president of the Evangelical Theological Society, he has also taught and preached the Bible at many other seminaries and churches around the world. He has authored several works, most notably "The Pastoral Epistles" and a short commentary of Timothy and Titus as included in the "Baker Commentary on the Bible". He received his theological doctorate from Free University of Amsterdam in 1968. Dr. Knight was a member of the General Assembly-appointed "Ad Interim Committee" to study the number of ordained offices in the Presbyterian Church in America according to Scripture. His "Ad Interim Report of the Number of Offices" by George W. Knight III was incorporated into the polity of the Presbyterian Church in America. He also served on an ad interim committee to study the issue of marriage, divorce and remarriage, which brought about the 1992 publication of a Position Paper of the Presbyterian Church in America on Remarriage and Divorce, 1992..
In 1977, he argued in a book about gender roles that the role relationship of men and women is theologically analogous to the subordination of the Son to the Father in the Trinity. Australian theologian Kevin Giles has more recently responded that complementarians have "reinvented" the doctrine of the Trinity to support their views of men and women, suggesting that some complementarians have adopted a heretical view of the Trinity similar to Arianism. Knight released a response to "evangelical feminists" in a 2009 book. Knight's contributions to the complementarian view of the role relationship of men and women, and especially as it is applied to the issue of the ordination of women to the ministry, have greatly influenced the founding of the Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood, where he continues to serve as a council member.

</doc>
<doc id="20859179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859179" title="Friedrich Preller the Elder">
Friedrich Preller the Elder

Friedrich Preller the Elder (25 April 1804, Eisenach - 23 April 1878, Weimar) was a German landscape painter and etcher. From 1832 he was a professor at the Fürstlichen freien Zeichenschule in Weimar. He was the father of the artist Friedrich Preller the Younger.
Life.
He was born at Eisenach. After studying drawing at Weimar, he went in 1821, on Goethe's advice, to Dresden, where in 1824 he was invited to accompany the grand duke of Weimar to Belgium. He became a pupil in the academy at Antwerp. From 1827 to 1831 he studied in Italy, and in 1831 received an appointment in the Weimar school of art. 
In 1834-1836 he executed in tempera six pictures on subjects taken from the "Odyssey" in the Roman House at Leipzig, in 1836-1837 the landscapes with scenes from "Oberon" in the Wieland room in the grand-ducal palace at Weimar, and in 1836-1848 six frescoes on Thuringian subjects commissioned by the grand duchess. 
In 1840 he visited Norway and produced a number of easel works, some of which are preserved at Weimar. In 1859 he revisited Italy, and on his return in 1861 he completed for the grand-ducal museum the frescoes illustrative of the "Odyssey", which are held to constitute his chief claim to fame. He returned to Weimar, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="20859182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859182" title="Stellar wind (disambiguation)">
Stellar wind (disambiguation)

Stellar wind is the flow of particles from the atmosphere of stars.
Stellar wind may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20859198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859198" title="Calingi">
Calingi

The Calingi in Medieval bestiaries were a race of extremely short-lived people. According to Pliny the Elder they had a lifespan of only eight years.

</doc>
<doc id="20859202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859202" title="Lee Equity Partners">
Lee Equity Partners

Lee Equity Partners is a private equity firm focused on growth capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 2006 by Thomas H. Lee, the notable private equity investor who previously founded Thomas H. Lee Partners and also owns the Blue Star group of fund of hedge funds.
History.
In March 2006, Thomas H. Lee resigned from Thomas H. Lee Partners as the firm was nearing completion of fundraising for its sixth and current private equity fund. In the same year, Lee formed Lee Equity Partners a private equity firm focused on the same leveraged buyout transactions that he had been completing for nearly 35 years at THL.
Both Lee and THL insisted that move was amicable, however persistent reports suggested that Lee, who had limited his day-to-day involvement in the firm and had relocated to New York City had been pushed out by several partners.
Among the first professionals to join Lee Equity Partners included Mark Gormley, a founding partner of Capital Z Partners; David Morrison, former president and CEO of Mercer Management Consulting and Allen Questrom, former CEO of J.C. Penney Company, Barneys New York, Federated Department Stores and Neiman Marcus. The firm also brought in former investment professionals from Bain Capital and The Carlyle Group.
Among the firm's first investments included the acquisition of Deb Shops in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20859217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859217" title="Sichuan Agricultural University">
Sichuan Agricultural University

Sichuan Agricultural University (SAU) is a university located in Ya'an city, Sichuan province, China and part of the “Project 211”, specialized in biotechnology and agricultural sciences, and as well as offering degrees in physical science, engineering, economics, management, veterinary medicine, liberal arts, pedagogy and law. 
History.
The institution was founded in 1906 as Sichuan Tong Sheng Agricultural School. It is the first public agricultural college in Sichuan Province. In 1935, it became a component of National Sichuan University. In 1956 it moved from Chengdu to Ya'an, where Sichuan Agricultural College was founded as an independent institution in 1956. In 1985 it was renamed as Sichuan Agricultural University.
Nowadays, Sichuan Agricultural University (SICAU) has three campuses, respectively located in Chengdu city, Ya'an city, and Dujiangyan city. SICAU belongs to the 211 State Key University Group in China. The group member universities was officially selected by Chinese Central Government for priority funding as these universities were evaulated to rank in the top 100 in China for their distinguished achievements in research and education.

</doc>
<doc id="20859218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859218" title="John Hine (bishop of Grantham)">
John Hine (bishop of Grantham)

John Edward Hine was an Anglican bishop in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Life.
Hine was born in 1857 and educated at University College School and University College, London. A medical doctor, after ordination he was sent as a missionary to Likoma Island in Lake Malawi and was soon promoted to be Bishop of the area. Successively translated to Zanzibar and then Northern Rhodesia, in 1916 he returned to England, firstly as Vicar of Lastingham and after that Suffragan Bishop of Grantham. He died on 9 April 1934.
Hine is commemorated by a statue, installed in 1956, in one of the medieval tabernacles on the west front of St Wulfram's Church, Grantham, where a cat plays with his robe tassel.

</doc>
<doc id="20859223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859223" title="Friedrich Preller the Younger">
Friedrich Preller the Younger

Friedrich Preller der Jüngere (1 September 1838, Weimar - 21 October 1901, Blasewitz at Dresden) was a German painter of landscapes and marine scenes. His father Friedrich Preller the Elder was also a painter.

</doc>
<doc id="20859225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859225" title="Rossiter W. Raymond">
Rossiter W. Raymond

Rossiter Worthington Raymond (April 27, 1840, Cincinnati, Ohio – December 31, 1918, Brooklyn, New York) was an American mining engineer, legal scholar and author. At his memorial, the President of Lehigh University described him as "one of the most remarkable cases of versatility that our country has ever seen—sailor, soldier, engineer, lawyer, orator, editor, novelist, story-teller, poet, biblical critic, theologian, teacher, chess-player—he was superior in each capacity. What he did, he always did well." 
Early years.
Rossiter W. Raymond was of English descent. His earliest American ancestor on the paternal side, Richard Raymond, emigrated from England to this country and settled at Salem, Massachusetts, in 1632. On his mother’s side, he was descended from well-known New England families. His great-grandfather, Nathaniel Raymond, was an officer in the Continental Army; and his grandfather, Caleb Pratt, served in the War of 1812.
His father, Robert Raikes Raymond (1817-1888), was a native of New York City, a graduate of Union College (New York) in 1837, editor of the Syracuse "Free Democrat" in 1852 and "Evening Chronicle" in 1853-4, and later professor of English in the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute and principal of the Boston School of Oratory. His mother (born 1818, died 1891) was a native of Providence, Rhode Island. They were married at Columbus, Ohio, in 1839. Rossiter was the eldest of a family of seven children, of whom four were sons.
He received his early education in the common schools of Syracuse, New York, where his parents participated in the underground railroad, and in 1857 entered the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute, of which his uncle, John H. Raymond (later president of Vassar College), was then president. Raymond graduated from that institution at the head of his class in 1858.
Having attended college at the Royal Mining Academy, Freiberg, Saxony, the University of Heidelberg and the University of Munich, Rossiter would start his post graduate career serving as aide-de-camp, with the rank of captain, on the staff of John C. Frémont, by whom, during his Civil War campaign in the Valley of Virginia, he was officially commended for gallant and meritorious conduct.
Working years.
Following the American Civil War, he entered private practice for several years, forming the partnership of Adelberg and Raymond in 1864. In 1868, Justus Adelberg died and Raymond dissolved the partnership to become the United States Commissioner of Mines and Mining Statistics in and West of the Rocky Mountains. In 1869, Raymond hired Anton Eilers as Deputy Commissioner and, together and apart, the two explored the entire intermountain west, becoming national experts on the mining industry and creating large annual reports for Congress. See the published version of the 1869 report.
In 1867, he started a 23-year career as editor of the "American Journal of Mining", soon renamed the "Engineering and Mining Journal", the longest-running mining periodical in the United States (it is still publishing). As editor, Raymond became one of the most influential voices in American mining. He used his editorial platform to expose poorly and crookedly run mining companies, and under his leadership the "Engineering and Mining Journal" became a major force for honesty in the mining industry.
He was a long-time supporter of Brooklyn's Plymouth Church of the Pilgrims, and was the director of its Sunday school for 50 years. His role in the church was so influential that he was asked to take over for Henry Ward Beecher when Beecher died. He would also play an important role during the Beecher-Tildon scandal.
From 1870 to 1872, he was the professor of ore deposits at Lafayette College. He was the United States Commissioner to the Vienna Exposition. In 1885, he was the New York State Commissioner of Electrical Subways.
In 1871, he was a part of the a six-member party that entered what is now Yellowstone National Park, running into the Hayden Geological Survey of 1871 in the process. Raymond's party is officially known as the first group of visitors to enter a National Park, though it technically wasn't a national park at the time. Rossiter recorded the visit in his 1880 book "Camp and Cabin". The visit was also recorded by Calvin C. Clawson, a reporter for the "New Northwest Newspaper". Pictures were taken by August F. Thrasher who, according to Mary C. H. Williams, carried negative plates and photos of the Yellowstone journey as far east as Indiana where the trail grows cold.
In 1911, during a visit to Japan as members and guests of the American Institute of Mining Engineers (AIME), Raymond received from the Mikado the distinction of Chevalier of the Order of the Rising Sun, fourth class—the highest ever given to foreigners not of royal blood—’ “for eminent services to the mining industry of Japan”. These services consisted in advice and assistance rendered in America to Japanese engineers, students, and officials throughout a period of more than 25 years.
An original member of the American Institute of Mining Engineers, he served as its vice-president in 1871, 1876, and 1877, president from 1872 to 1875, and secretary from 1884 to 1911. In the last capacity he edited 40 of the annual volumes of Transactions, to which he liberally contributed essays, especially pertaining to the Federal mining laws, as well as other articles of importance. In 1945, the institute created the Rossiter W. Raymond Memorial Award after him, to recognize the best paper written each year by an author under 33 years of age.
Legal scholar.
Rossiter left an enduring mark on the jurisprudence of mining law. He defined the 'law of the apex' and gave the term 'lode' a definition that not only swayed the decision in Eureka-Richmond lawsuit, but also influenced all later mining litigation. He was even invited to address the United States Supreme Court on a point of mining law, which the Court accepted based on its subsequent decision.
Raymond had not been a lawyer when he testified before the Supreme Court, but in 1898 he was admitted to the bar in both the state and federal courts. In 1903, he was appointed lecturer on mining law at Columbia University. In June 1906, Lehigh University granted Rossiter the first Doctorate of Laws ever granted by the institution.
Author.
Raymond was the author of a large number of poems, stories, newspaper articles, biographies, memorials, opinions, fiction and non-fiction books. Unfortunately, most of his original work was destroyed by a fire late in his life; however, this comprehensive list shows the enormous breadth of his writing (scroll to bottom).
'Death is Only an Horizon'.
Ironically, despite the large body of work he produced, the opinions he expressed, and the stories he told, he is best known, at least on the internet, for the latter half of a poem titled 'Death is Only an Horizon' that qualifies as one of his shortest works:
"Life is eternal; and love is immortal; and death is only a horizon; and a horizon is nothing save the limit of our sight."
The entire poem is: "O God, who holdest all souls in life; and callest them unto thee as seemeth best: we give them back, dear God, to thee who gavest them to us. But as thou didst not lose them in the giving, so we do not lose them by their return. For not as the world giveth, givest thou, O Lord of souls: that which thou givest thou takest not away: for life is eternal, and love is immortal, and death is only the horizon, and the horizon is nothing save the limit of our sight.".
These words were later adapted into the song "Life is Eternal" by Carly Simon, and frequently appear among quotations on the subject of life, death, and sympathy.

</doc>
<doc id="20859235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859235" title="Canterwood Crest">
Canterwood Crest

Canterwood Crest is a series novels by author Jessica Burkhart, premiering with the 2009 book "Take the Reins". The series follows young student Sasha Silver as she enters the amazing Canterwood Crest Academy, an elite school housing highly competitive equestrian riders. Including impossible school work to top that. While attending Canterwood, Sasha encounters a disparate collection of students, including the snobbish alpha rider, Heather Fox, and eventual love interests named Jacob and Eric. As events transpire, the team members attempt to work together amidst a slew of personality clashes and romantic conflicts. In her later books, such as Chosen, Jessica Burkhart continues the romance by making a new character, Drew, to take the place of Jacob as Lauren takes the place of Sasha.
-->
Background.
Burkhart was inspired by a combination of equestrian experience during her youth and a fondness for writing as she grew older. After much of her freelance work was published by numerous magazines, she entered 2006's National Novel Writing Month and completed a first draft of "Take the Reins". In January 2007, a literary agent offered to read the story after viewing the author's blog. Burkhart was later signed by the agent, which eventually led to a four-book deal with Simon & Schuster.
While promoting the first novel, Burkhart maintained an online presence throughout 2008, blogging and vlogging with regard to the production of her work and the publishing process. In April, the author reported that photoshoots for her covers had been set in motion. By September, Burkhart had received an advance reader copy of "Take the Reins" while working on the subsequent novels. 
In December, it was announced that an additional four novels would gradually follow the fourth book, "Triple Fault". Later in the month, an online video trailer for "Take the Reins" was released, featuring photos of scenery and the character models. Trailers for other releases followed.
Sasha Silver- a girl who comes to Canterwood Crest. Sasha used to ride at The Union. She has a horse named Charm. She is also obsessed with lip gloss and her favorite is Watermelon Lip Smackers®. She is from a small town called Union and is usually teased about being from a small town by Heather Fox. Her roomie and BFF is Paige Parker until some very serious argument which causes her to move out of their room. 
Callie Harper- Sasha's friend, who befriended Sasha in book one (Take the Reins). Before Callie started at Canterwood, she rode for the elite New England Saddle Club. She has a horse named Black Jack. Later in the series, Sasha and Callie are no longer best friends but only team-mates. She ended up missing out on a spot in YENT at first because of Jacob (Sasha's almost-boyfriend) 
Heather Fox- a spitfire of a girl who dislikes Sasha at first, but begins to like her throughout the series. Leader of the clique called 'The Trio'. She has a horse named Aristocrat. She is very serious about riding and despises Jasmine King. She lives in NYC and is very fashionable. 
Julia Myer- 2nd member of 'The Trio'. Friendships come second to her, riding being the first. Her and Alison are somewhat "sidekicks" of Heather. She has a horse named Trix. Julia gets expelled from Canterwood Crest after creating blog, in "Scandals, Rumors, Lies "after she was not picked for the YENT team. 
Alison Robb- 3rd member of 'The Trio'. She's very quiet, but she observes everyone and everything around her with great detail. Her and Julia are somewhat "sidekicks" of Heather. Alison is a lot kinder to Sasha and her friends than Julia. She has a horse named Sunstruck.
Jasmine King- a mean girl that Sasha and the Canterwood gang met one day at a show. She takes great delight in insulting students from Canterwood Crest. She has a horse named Phoenix. She will do anything to win, even putting her horse at risk.
Jacob Schwartz- a boy that Sasha meets at Canterwod Crest. She has a very big crush on him. he likes her and ends up sitting right next to her in Mr. Ramirez's class. He is afraid of horses. Jacob has an on-off relationship with Sasha, but in "Unfriendly Competition, "has a permanent relationship with Sasha. 
Eric Rodriguez- Eric is another boy Sasha meets. They both become good friends, as Eric is a mid-year transfer student. Eric has a relationship with Sasha, but they break up in "Little White Lies "after he catches Jacob kissing Sasha in her dorm. They agree to still be friends and later in the series Eric help Jacob do something for Sasha. Eric is a rider, but doesn't own a horse, only riding a school one; Luna. 
Paige Parker - Paige was Sasha's room-mate, and former best friend. They both met in "Take the Reins "but their friendship got out of hand, and things did not end well with Sasha and Paige. Paige now lives with Geena in her dorm. Paige stars in a show called "Teen Cuisine" as she always baked goodies for Sasha. 
Brit Chan - Brit is Sasha's new room-mate where their dorm is: Orchard Hall. She arrives in "Elite Ambition "and is called the new "IT" girl. She specializes in dressage, and clicks with Sasha in day one. She is a transfer student. She is also from a small town, like Sasha, which is why they click as friends so fast.
Welcome the New Class
Lauren Towers - Lauren is a straight A student, her fave color is sky blue, and works hard at everything. She loves decorating her dorm in soft colors and loves decor. Lauren has had an accident in the past, but nothing is going to stop her. She looks up to Sasha, and is best friends with Khloe, Lexa, Clare, Brielle and Ana. Her boyfriend is Drew Adams, and her ex-boyfriend is Taylor. She loves tea; her favorite kind being Sugar Cookie Sleigh Ride from the Seasonal Collection. 
Khloe Kinsella - Khloe is Lauren's BFF, and is a drama queen! She loves acting, and wants her name to be on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Khloe is loyal to her friends, and fierce and is the person to keep Lauren laughing. Khloe is Lauren's dorm room-mate. she also owns a horse named Ever, a Hanoverian Mare. 
Lexa Reed - One of the sweetest girls on campus, Lexa is serious about riding but never gets competitive with her friends. She and Lauren share an addiction with Hob Nobs. Lexa previously lived in London. She owns a horse named Honor, a Strawberry Roan mare. 
Clare Bryant - Best friends with Khloe and Riley, is often caught stuck-in-the-middle whenever Riley and Khloe are not getting along with each other. Which is all the time. She's a great mediator, and the kind of girl who's a true friend. She can never stand to be away from her gelding; Fuego. 
Riley Edwards - Riley is enemy number one at Canterwood. She and Lauren have never gotten along. She is tough in the arena and lets everyone know she means business. Like Khloe she loves acting. The shared love of theater with Khloe causes some serious off-stage drama between Riley and Khloe. She owns her own horse named Adonis who is a gray gelding. 
Brielle Monaco - Brielle or Bri as known is Lauren's best friend from Yates Preparatory School, and in Union. She makes an unexpected appearance at the unlikeliest place of all. 
Carina Johansson - Carina is a transfer student from Sweden! She came over to CCA, to train with Mr. Conner in the foreign exchange program. She excels in dressage, but when Lauren and Khloe dig into Carina's past, they realize there is more than meets the eye. They become good friends when they bond over their love of horses and dressage.

</doc>
<doc id="20859237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859237" title="Federal Hill Historic District (Lynchburg, Virginia)">
Federal Hill Historic District (Lynchburg, Virginia)

The Federal Hill Historic District is a national historic district located in Lynchburg, Virginia. The district includes some one dozen residential blocks in the heart of Lynchburg spread over . The district's architecture consists primarily of free-standing brick or frame houses in a variety of styles but of harmonious scale. Included are three important French Second Empire houses standing near one another on Harrison Street. There is also a notable assemblage of free-standing dwellings in architectural styles ranging in date from the early 19th century through the Edwardian styles of the early 20th century. There is an important collection of early Federal-style townhouses.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20859242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859242" title="Magnus of Anagni">
Magnus of Anagni

Saint Magnus of Anagni (), also known as "Magnus of Trani" or "Magnus of Fabrateria Vetus", is venerated as the patron saint of Anagni. According to tradition, he was born at Trani in the 2nd century, the son of a man named Apollonius. He became a shepherd at an early age to support the family; he had a small flock of sheep and donated his earnings to the poor. He and his father were baptized by Bishop Redemptus of Trani. 
When Redemptus died, Magnus was proclaimed bishop of Trani by the people and local clerics. As bishop Magnus worked to spread Christianity in Fondi, Aquino, and Anagni. In Anagni, he baptized a young woman named Secundina, who would later die as a Christian martyr. 
Magnus fled to Rome to escape the persecutions of Christians that were led by a man named Tarquinius. After a while, Magnus headed home, hiding himself along the way. Soldiers discovered him in a cave near Fondi, however, and he was decapitated near Fabrateria Vetus, in Latium.
Veneration.
In the ninth century, his relics were translated from Fondi to Veroli by a man named Plato. According to tradition, a Muslim overlord named Musa converted Magnus’ sepulcher into a stable. When the horses placed in the stable began to die, Musa became frightened and sold the relics to citizens from Anagni. These relics were translated to the cathedral of Anagni in the presence of Bishop Zacharias (Zaccaria). Magnus was afterwards declared patron saint of Anagni, and was also venerated in the town of Colle San Magno, in Frosinone.
Magnus should not be confused with Saint Magnus of Cuneo, martyr of the Theban Legion, who is venerated on the same day. The "Roman Martyrology" lists only Saint Magnus of Anagni. He is mentioned in the "Martyrologium Hieronymianum" in which his death place is listed as "Fabrateria vetus". Magnus enjoyed wide veneration in the lower Latium region. His name appears in the "Sacramentarium Gelasianum" (7th century) and the "Sacramentarium" of the eighth century.

</doc>
<doc id="20859245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859245" title="Nilavarai">
Nilavarai

Nilavarai ( Nilāvarai) (pronounced Nilaa-varai) is a location in the Jaffna District, Sri Lanka. It is popular for a natural underground Water well where the water never gets depleted and it serves the irrigation of the neighbouring fields. There is another natural Water well in the Jaffna District by the name Idikundu (Idi-kun-du).

</doc>
<doc id="20859249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859249" title="Stellar Wind">
Stellar Wind

Stellar Wind or STELLARWIND is the code name of a Sensitive Compartmented Information security compartment for information collected under the President's Surveillance Program (PSP). This was a program by the United States National Security Agency (NSA) during the presidency of George W. Bush and revealed by Thomas Tamm to "The New York Times" in 2008.
The operation was approved by President George W. Bush shortly after the September 11 attacks in 2001. STELLARWIND was succeeded during the presidency of Barack Obama by four major lines of intelligence collection in the territorial United States together capable of spanning the full range of modern telecommunications.
The program's activities involved data mining of a large database of the communications of American citizens, including e-mail communications, phone conversations, financial transactions, and Internet activity. William Binney, a retired Technical Leader with the NSA, discussed some of the architectural and operational elements of the program at the 2012 Chaos Communication Congress.
The intelligence community was also able to obtain from the Treasury Department suspicious activity reports, or "SARS", which are reports of activities such as large cash transactions that are submitted by financial institutions under anti-money laundering rules.
There were internal disputes within the Justice Department about the legality of the program, because data are collected for large numbers of people, not just the subjects of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) warrants.
During the Bush Administration, the Stellar Wind cases were referred to by FBI agents as "pizza cases" because many seemingly suspicious cases turned out to be food takeout orders. According to Mueller, approximately 99 percent of the cases led nowhere, but "it's that other 1% that we've got to be concerned about".
In March 2012 "Wired" magazine published "The NSA Is Building the Country's Biggest Spy Center (Watch What You Say)" talking about a vast new NSA facility in Utah and says "For the first time, a former NSA official has gone on the record to describe the program, codenamed STELLARWIND, in detail," naming the official William Binney, a former NSA code breaker. Binney went on to say that the NSA had highly secured rooms that tap into major switches, and satellite communications at both AT&T and Verizon. The article suggested that the otherwise dispatched STELLARWIND is actually an active program. This conclusion was supported by the exposure of Room 641A in AT&T's operations center in San Francisco in 2006.
In June 2013 the "Washington Post" and the "Guardian" published an OIG draft report, dated March 2009, leaked by Edward Snowden detailing the Stellar Wind program.

</doc>
<doc id="20859263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859263" title="Buccinulum">
Buccinulum

Buccinulum is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae, the whelks. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Buccinulum" include: 
The following species ware also named by A. Powell 

</doc>
<doc id="20859268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859268" title="Chromandi">
Chromandi

The Chromandi in Medieval bestiaries were a race of hairy savages with dog teeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20859287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859287" title="SMC Recordings">
SMC Recordings

SMC Recordings is an independent hip hop record label established in 2005 in San Francisco, California, by Ralph Tashjian, Will Bronson and George Nauful. The full-service independent record label SMC primarily signs and distributes established hip hop artists.
SMC originally grew out of a vision that Ralph Tashjian had in the early ’00s to launch a new kind of record label, one based in his hometown, that would be about hip hop music. Tashjian crossed paths with Will Bronson, and SMC came one step closer to being realized. An ambitious Bay Area-bred music fan and aficionado, Bronson was covering Northern California's colorful hip hop scene for a fledgling urban music magazine called "Showcase" at the time. Tashjian hired him as his partner and in the A&R position. His instincts were right—the first release brought in and shepherded by Bronson was Ya Boy's first cousins, Bay Area hip-hop artists San Quinn and Messy Marv. At one point, Bizzy Bone of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony was signed to SMC.
The subsequent recruitment of Tashjian's fellow industry icon George Nauful to steer the company's business affairs and financial sectors completed the foundation. 
George Nauful and Will Bronson are no longer owners, officers, or employees of SMC Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20859307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859307" title="Minuscule 46">
Minuscule 46

Minuscule 46 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1285 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. It has complex contents and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 342 leaves (size ). The text is written stichometrically in one column per page, 18 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numerals are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles of xhapters"). There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Matthew 355; Mark 241 – 16:20, Luke 342, John 232 sections) with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, prolegomena to John, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), incipits, αναγνωσεις (in Matthew 116, Mark 71, Luke 114, John 67), synaxaria, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, numbers of στιχοι, and pictures.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It creates cluster 46.
According to Gregory its text often agrees with Minuscule 52 and 61.
History.
The date of the codex is estimated between 1296 and 1318.
The manuscript once belonged to Micheal Zorianos, to Francesco Barozzi (hence name of the codex).
It was examined by Mill (as Bodl. 2) and Griesbach. 
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by J. J. Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Barocci 29), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20859316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859316" title="Idikundu">
Idikundu

Idikundu (Idi-kun-du), translates in Tamil to 'Thunder Well', is a natural Water well in Navaly, Jaffna District, Sri Lanka. Legend says it was created by a lightning strike in the early 20th Century, some speculate it might be an asteroid that struck. 
Depth of this Water well is so deep and it is unknown, it is also an unpopular location as some locals use this Well to commit suicide. In the same Jaffna District, there is another natural Water well in the suburb of Nilavarai.

</doc>
<doc id="20859333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859333" title="Gorgades">
Gorgades

The Gorgades in Medieval bestiaries were a race of hairy humanoids. The bestiaries especially focused on the hairiness of the females.

</doc>
<doc id="20859368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859368" title="Summers Hotel and Subway Lounge">
Summers Hotel and Subway Lounge

The Summers Hotel was located in Jackson, Mississippi and was city's first black-owned hotel. W. J. Summers established it in 1944 and many black musicians lodged there during the era of segregation. The Subway Lounge was opened in the basement in 1966. The Subway was a regular jazz venue and offered popular late night blues shows from the mid-1980s until the hotel's demolition in 2004. 
The Subway Lounge was featured in the 2003 documentary film Last of the Mississippi Jukes.
It has a marker as part of the Mississippi Blues Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="20859379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859379" title="Hippopodes">
Hippopodes

The Hippopodes in Medieval bestiaries were a race of humanoids with horses' hooves. According to Pliny the Elder, they shared an island with two other legendary races: the Panotti and Oeonae.

</doc>
<doc id="20859381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859381" title="Ben Fordham">
Ben Fordham

Ben Fordham (born 29 November 1976) is an Australian journalist, sports reporter and radio presenter.
Fordham is currently a sport presenter on the Nine Network's "Today" and drive presenter on 2GB.
Career.
Fordham began his career on Sydney's 2UE radio station, for which he won a Walkley Award for his coverage of the 1997 Thredbo landslide. In 1998, Fordham moved to television and joined Sky News Australia as a reporter and presenter.
After less than a year at Sky News Australia, Ben joined the Nine Network, working on tabloid current affair programs such as "60 Minutes", "A Current Affair", "Nine News" and "Today".
Fordham filled in for Stuart Bocking on 2UE Nights in the 2008/09 summer period, he also filled in for Ray Hadley on 2GB in the 2009/10 summer period.
In 2010, Fordham joined "Nine News" and "Today" as a reporter, he also covered the 2010 Australian Federal Election.
In January 2011, Fordham joined "Today" as sport presenter replacing Cameron Williams.
Fordham also joined 2GB in January 2011 replacing Jason Morrison to present 'Sydney Live'.
Personal life.
Fordham was educated at Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview, a Catholic college in Lane Cove.
He is managed by The Fordham Company which is run by his father John.
In October 2011, he married "Seven News" reporter Jodie Speers.
Court.
On 26 February 2009 Fordham was charged with concealing a serious crime and breaching the Listening Devices Act. The Nine Network and "A Current Affair"'s producer Andrew Byrne were also charged.
On 20 July 2010 NSW Supreme Court judge Elizabeth Fullerton called Fordham's attitude "disrespectful" when he failed to appear in court to hear her judgment on the charges of breaching the Listening Devices Act. Justice Fullerton found him guilty of one of four charges against him, that he knowingly recorded a conversation on 28 May 2008. Byrne was convicted of four charges of breaching the act.
The conversation was aired on ACA in May 2008, claiming to show former Waverley mayor James Markham ordering a fatal hit on a male escort. Although found guilty, Fordham and Byrne each escaped conviction, with Justice Fullerton saying it was "an appalling lack of judgment by two senior journalists who are otherwise held in esteem by their colleagues".

</doc>
<doc id="20859390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859390" title="Idaho State Highway 6">
Idaho State Highway 6

Idaho State Highway 6 (SH-6) is a state highway in northern Idaho running from the Washington state line near Potlatch to Santa. It is long and runs north-south.
Route description.
SH-6 begins at the Washington state line in Latah County as a continuation of Washington State Route 272, then heads east to an intersection with US 95, with which it briefly overlaps before diverging and continuing east into Potlatch. It continues east to an intersection with SH-9 near Harvard. It then continues northeast and north across the Palouse River into Benewah County. In Benewah County, SH-6 continues generally north through White Pine Drive; and area of old growth white pine trees part of the St. Joe National Forest. SH-6 finally ends at an intersection with SH-3 near Santa.

</doc>
<doc id="20859395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859395" title="Hochster v De La Tour">
Hochster v De La Tour

Hochster v De La Tour (1853) 2 E&B 678 is a landmark English contract law case on anticipatory breach of contract. It held that if a contract is repudiated before the date of performance, damages may be claimed immediately.
Facts.
In April, De La Tour agreed to employ Hochster as his courier for three months from 1 June 1852, to go on a trip around the European continent. On 11 May, De La Tour wrote to say that Hochster was no longer needed. On 22 May, Hochster sued. De La Tour argued that Hochster was still under an obligation to stay ready and willing to perform till the day when performance was due, and therefore could commence no action before.
Judgment.
Lord Campbell CJ held that Hochster did not need to wait until the date performance was due to commence the action and awarded damages.

</doc>
<doc id="20859405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859405" title="2007 Speedway World Cup Event 1">
2007 Speedway World Cup Event 1

The 2007 Speedway World Cup Event 1 was the first race of the 2007 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 14, 2007 in the Speedway Center in Vojens, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20859406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859406" title="Bogolyubov Prize">
Bogolyubov Prize

The Bogoliubov Prize is an international award offered by the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research (JINR) to scientists with outstanding contribution to theoretical physics and applied mathematics. The award is issued in the memory of the theoretical physicist and mathematician Nikolay Bogoliubov.

</doc>
<doc id="20859413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859413" title="Deb Ruggiero">
Deb Ruggiero

Deborah L. Ruggiero (born April 2, 1958), commonly known as Deb Ruggiero, is an American radio personality and politician from Jamestown, Rhode Island. A Democrat, she serves in the Rhode Island House of Representatives, representing the 74th district, which contains all of Jamestown and part of Middletown. Ruggiero was first elected in November 2008 and took office on January 6, 2009.
In 2008, Ruggiero challenged 28-year incumbent Bruce J. Long (R–Middletown) for the 74th district seat. Long, a Republican, was the longest-serving member of the House of Representatives and was seeking his fifteenth term. In the election held on November 4, 2008, Ruggiero defeated Long by 54% to 46%, carrying each of the district's six precincts. She was re-elected in 2010, winning 53% in a three-way race. Her Republican and Independent opponents took 31% and 16% of the vote respectively.
Born in Providence, Rhode Island, Ruggiero went to high school in Lincoln, Rhode Island before attending Boston College, graduating magna cum laude with a double major in English and Communications. She has spent her career in the media, working first for CBS radio in Boston, then for FOX TV and WPRI-TV for 8 years. Since 2000, she has served as Director of Community and Business Development at Citadel Radio, the owners of WPRO and WPRO-FM. Since 1992, she has also taught a class in Broadcast Advertising at Providence College.
A supporter of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, Ruggiero attended the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver as an alternate.
Ruggiero is lesbian; her partner of 22 and a half years, Joyce Ioanes, died of cancer in 2007. She is one of four openly LGBT members of the Rhode Island General Assembly, alongside House Speaker Gordon D. Fox (D–Providence), Rep. Frank Ferri (D–Warwick) and Sen. Donna Nesselbush (D–Pawtucket).

</doc>
<doc id="20859420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859420" title="Fusinus">
Fusinus

Fusinus is a genus of small to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails and tulip snaills.
Species.
Species in the genus "Fusinus" include:
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) the following species with accepted names are included within the genus Fusinus 

</doc>
<doc id="20859421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859421" title="Navaly">
Navaly

Navaly or Navaaly is a town in the Jaffna District of Sri Lanka and it is located about 8 km from Jaffna.

</doc>
<doc id="20859434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859434" title="The Tour of Misia 2001">
The Tour of Misia 2001

The Tour of Misia 2001 was a 2000-2001 concert tour by Japanese R&B singer Misia.

</doc>
<doc id="20859464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859464" title="Arboretum de Jouéou">
Arboretum de Jouéou

The Arboretum de Jouéou (1.9 hectares), also known as the Arboretum Henri Gaussen, is an arboretum located on the Route de l'Hospice de France in Bagnères-de-Luchon, Haute-Garonne, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is open daily.
The arboretum was created 1921-1928 by Professor Henri Gaussen, and continues to be managed by the Jardin botanique Henri Gaussen of the Université Paul Sabatier in Toulouse. It contains 250 conifer taxa from around the world, of which 186 are naturally occurring and 64 hybrids and cultivars, organized systematically with American species to the west, and Mediterranean, central Europe, and Asia to the east. The garden is arranged in two sections:
The arboretum has been recognized by the "Conservatoire des Collections Végétales Spécialisées" (CCVS) for its conifer collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20859482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859482" title="Zorro (Philippines TV series)">
Zorro (Philippines TV series)

Zorro is a 2009 Philippine television series produced by GMA Network. It is an adaptation of the "Zorro" property created by Johnston McCulley, initially based on the novella "The Curse of Capistrano". It stars Richard Gutierrez and Rhian Ramos. The series began airing on March 23, 2009 and ends on August 7, 2009.
Plot.
The adventure begins in the city of Angeles where the city is ruled by Governor Luis Aragon (Eddie Gutierrez). Antonio Pelaez (Richard Gutierrez) is one of the residents of the town. Antonio founds out that he has a real mother and he was adopted. Her name is Marcela de la Cruz (Lani Mercado). When he finds out about his real mother, Antonio runs away from his adopted family to live with his real mother. Antonio doesn't know that his adopted cousin, Ramon Pelaez (TJ Trinidad) had become the new captain of the Guardia Civil in Angeles and Ramon is out to find Antonio. Then, Antonio finds out that Governor Luis Aragon wants to get rid of the "Indios". Antonio doesn't want the Indios to be killed by Governor Aragon. Captain Ramon kills Antonio's real mother and he is taken back to his adopted family. Antonio now wants to avenge the deaths of his mother and the Indios. He meets a man from California who guides him in becoming a vigilante; a man named Don Diego de la Vega (Jomari Yllana). He trained Antonio to become "Zorro". Antonio must not reveal to the public that he is Zorro. Antonio falls in love with a lovely girl named Lolita Pulido (Rhian Ramos).
Can Antonio (Zorro) save all the people from being killed? Can Antonio keep his secret from the public? Can Antonio keeps his relationship with Lolita alive?
When Antonio became Zorro, he saves a lot of people from Guardia Civil. One of his missions is to save Father Felipe (Ricky Davao) from being killed by the Guardia Civil. Another one is to save Angeles City from being destroyed by Jumal (Dick Israel), and other lesser enemies including mythical ones. Then, Lolita falls in love with Zorro and Antonio. Lolita chooses Antonio. They almost marry but during their wedding, someone (Suzette Ranillo) interrupts and forces Antonio to say that he is an Indio. That makes Lolita's mother (Pinky Marquez) and Antonio's adopted father (Joel Torre) angry. Dona Catalina, Lolita's mother, takes her away. Guardia Civil starts a trial for Antonio being an Indio. Antonio is found guilty but Pepe (Robert Villar), Antonio's sidekick, helps him escape from the courtroom. Antonio is shot by Captain Ramon for escaping, but he still finds a chance to hide. Pepe takes a comatose Antonio to a building owned by a Chinese healer, Tahong (Epi Quizon), the twin brother of Shihong, a Chinese restaurateur and merchant. Antonio is treated over there and is trained in fighting moves.
One day, Madame Bella (Maureen Larrazabal) comes to Antonio to tell him that Lolita and her family became poor because of Gov. Aragon. Antonio returns to Angeles and fights more soldiers. Zorro finds out that Captain Ramon is planning to burn the church where Lolita now lives. The church is already burning but Zorro is able to save everyone in the church. Zorro meets several Caballeros led by Don Rosso and composed of its members Father Felipe, Don Carlos (Leo Martinez), Silverio (Elvis Gutierrez), Dr. De los Reyes (Nonie Buencamino), Diego and Daniel (Felix and Dominic Roco), to help Zorro fight the evil soldiers. Zorro finds out that Don Rosso is Don Roberto, Antonio's adopted father and the two are reunited. Their first mission is to save the Indios from Gov. Aragon's "Impreyno". "Impreyno" is a place where Indios are forced to be slaves. Zorro and the Caballeros save the Indios from the Impreyno and fought the Impreyno guards and leaders. After the fall of Impreynos, Juana Manalo (Michelle Madrigal) wants revenge on the Guardia Civil, due to her death of his brother Agustin (Bodie Cruz) who was killed by Impreyno, by joining the Caballeros along with Antonio's deaf and mute friend, Bernardo (Antonio Aquitania). One of the Caballeros, Dr. De los Reyes, is killed by Capt. Ramon and then Sebastian (Richie Paul Gutierrez) replaces him.
After that, Antonio reunites with Lolita. Then, a big group of pirates comes to Angeles. They are led by Captain Lima Wong (Alfred Vargas). They come to look for a map that Shihong took. Captain Wong kidnapps Shihong and Lolita. They leave Angeles and Zorro follows them. Lolita tells Captain Wong that half of the map was burned by Shihong but Lolita remembers the sketch of a map. Lolita makes an agreement with Captain Wong by drawing a half piece of map. Then, Zorro saves Lolita from Capt. Wong. Zorro takes Lolita to a small island. Lolita falls in love with Zorro. Then, the pirates come to the island where Zorro fought them. Zorro forced Capt. Wong to go to Angeles.
When they arrive, Guardia Civil and their rivals, Caballeros, kill Capt. Wong and the pirates except a surviving pirate named Julio (Marco Alcaraz) who is always making tricks on Pepe and becomes Cara's (Bianca King) assistant. Pepe trickily incarcerates Julio into Zorro's lair so that he would tell to Antonio about Julio spied into the lair. Then, Lolita starts to have a love problem between Zorro and Antonio. Lolita breaks up with Antonio. Meanwhile, Gov. Aragon has received a news from the King of Spain, which is that Aragon will be replaced by a new governor. This news makes the governor furious. Then, Gov. Aragon creates a giant trojan horse called El Kabayo, which equips with flamethrower and gatling gun, that will kill the Indios. Then, Zorro and the Caballeros battle the giant horse unsuccessfully. Juana, as a Caballera, is almost killed but she survives and she reveals to them that she is disguising as a man and Don Russo tells her that he is Don Roberto himself. Then, Don Rosso/Roberto tells the caballeros not to give up and battle the giant horse. Then, one of the caballeros, Diego, is killed by the giant horse. His brother Daniel resigns from the Caballero group but goes back later for help. One of the members is a traitor. Then, Don Roberto comes to his greedy wife's (Jacklyn Jose) house. Dona Chiquita Pelaez is the one who tried to kill Don Roberto. Don Roberto does not know about it. Meanwhile, Capt. Ramon activates his "Ultimate plan". The plan includes the giant horse killing everyone in the city except the governor and himself.
When the mechanical horse arrives in central Angeles it kills several residents. Then, the horse is about to kill Lolita but Zorro saves her. Meanwhile, Don Roberto disappears in Chiquita's house and Dona Chiquita gets scared. Then, Zorro ultimately kills the giant horse by bombing it. It angers Captain Ramon but he makes his scheme by taking Zorro out for Lolita. Ramon and his guards capture Lolita and others workers of Shihong including Madame Bella while he gives Don Carlos a "heart attack". Meanwhile, Lena (Sheena Halili) is out to tell Antonio that Guardia Civil captured Lolita and the rest but Sargent Gaspar captures and hurt her with a sword. Lena says in her last words to Bernardo and others that Antonio should not be executed. Lena dies. Then Antonio runs into Pulido house and confronts Capt. Ramon in a swordfight but instead, Antonio surrenders to Ramon. Meanwhile, Don Carlos escapes from the guards' chariot and goes to tell Don Rosso that Antonio must not be executed. Don Rosso reveals himself to Don Carlos that he is Don Roberto and he tells him that he is alive. Capt. Ramon and the guards brutally hurt Antonio and they prepare an execution for Antonio but fortunately, Don Roberto shows up and the execution is cancelled. After the cancellation, Don Roberto and Antonio have their plan, to eliminate those who conspire against both, which is Captain Ramon, Dona Chiquita and even Governor Aragon. Meanwhile, Captain Ramon has a "Z" mark on his neck that Zorro gave and he realizes that Antonio is really Zorro.
Captain Ramon is out to tell to Gov. Aragon that Antonio is Zorro but Aragon doesn't believe. Meanwhile, a traitor, who reveals to be Silverio, spies each Caballero member including Juana, Don Carlos, Father Felipe and Bernardo so that he would report to Capt. Ramon and Gov. Aragon. That is unknown to Caballeros. At night, Antonio comes to sleep but Julio shows up trying to kill him and Pepe until Cara kills Julio to save Zorro and Pepe and she explains to him the truth about the identity of Zorro. Meanwhile, Dona Catalina and Lolita are telling the story about Capt. Horacio (Mark Gil) who revealed to be Dona Chiquita's admirer before married to Don Roberto. Then, Don Carlos is arrested after he reveals to his wife and Lolita about his identity as a Caballero, while others are safe from the guards. Later, Sergeant Pedro Gonzales (Bobby Andrews) tells Dona Catalina and Lolita that Don Carlos will be sentenced to death. Then Don Roberto reveals Dona Chiquita's love letters from Captain Horacio and then she tries to kill Roberto. Nana Maria Manalo (Sandy Andolong) and Antonio are witnesses to Dona Chiquita's plot and finally Dona Chiquita is arrested as an order from Don Roberto. As the execution of Don Carlos commences, the Caballeros show up and engages in a gunfight but Diego is shot by a gatling gun, just like his brother Daniel who was killed by the same gun. Meanwhile, Antonio fights Guardia Civil and saves Shihong and his workers.
Then, Don Carlos is shot by Guardia Civil and dies before Antonio / Zorro shows up. Lolita and Dona Catalina grieve over the death of Don Carlos. Then, Lolita gets mad at Antonio for not saving her father. Then, Lolita holds a funeral for Don Carlos. The Caballeros show up in the funeral. Then, Dona Catalina suffers a depression because of her husband's death. After the death of Don Carlos, Don Roberto sets up a plan by putting a piece of paper into a cabinet so that he will know that the traitor. One night, Silverio gets a piece of paper and puts it into Bernardo's. Then after their sleep, Don Roberto founds a piece of paper and he accuses Bernardo as a traitor but Juana disagrees. But instead, Juana manages to lie them that she is the one who stole the paper and she's the traitor. Lolita's grandmother arrives from Spain to pay for a visit. And she greets her granddaughter and her daughter Dona Catalina and they are planning to go to Spain. Meanwhile, Capt. Ramon makes his plan by making women and children as slave workers in a dangerous cave and he orders his soldiers to treat them harshly. Then, Don Roberto told Nana Maria that Juana is a caballero and a traitor. Nana Maria disagrees and gets worried.
One night, Capt. Ramon and Silverio meet to discuss about a plan, to capture Cara. Unknown to them, Magda (Bubbles Paraiso) is there and she hears a conversation. But after Captain Ramon leaves, she steps into a bamboo and Silverio hears and captures her, however fortunately, Paquita (Paloma Esmeria) shows up to rescue her but she is killed by Silverio. Then, Magda leaves. Meanwhile, Sgt. Gonzales tells to Capt. Ramon that they have captured Cara already. Then Capt. Ramon orders Sgt. Gonzales and the guards to rape and kill Cara. Sgt. Gaspar approaches and asks Sgt. Gonzales if he can join the fun, Sgt. Gonzales does not want to be a part of it so he just leaves "all the fun" for Sgt. Gaspar. Then Sgt. Gaspar tries to rape Cara but Zorro shows up beating other guards and Cara kills Sgt. Gaspar.
The next morning, Antonio is out to meet Lolita once more but she leaves for Spain along with her mother and grandmother without notice to give to Antonio. Then Pepe tells to Antonio that Juana is ready to be executed. Meanwhile, The Caballeros are having an execution of Juana but Magda is out to tell to Nana Maria that the real traitor is Silverio and they are out to find them. Zorro approaches the Caballeros and Silverio tries to shoot Juana but Bernardo saves her and gets shoot by him. Then Nana Maria and Magda show up telling them that Silverio is the real traitor. Silverio tries to kill Juana but Zorro stops him and Don Roberto shoots him to death. Bernardo is still alive but he is comatose, he is later taken to the Chinese Temple where Antonio nursed his wounds once before. Later at night, Cara goes to Pelaez' house unalarmed and she fights Capt. Ramon but he tries to kill her. Then Juana shows up continuing to fight with Cara against Captain Ramon. They make him a captive and Zorro and the Caballeros show up and Cara tells him that he must kill Captain Ramon but Zorro has to think first. Looking at the dagger Cara gave him Zorro raised it and with a swinging motion he cuts the rope, freeing Captain Ramon. The Caballero's then left the room as an impending Guardia Civil attack is going to happen, the guards immediately flood the hideout and capture Zorro. Capt. Ramon then kills Cara in front of Zorro's eyes. In her dying moments, Cara reveals to Zorro that Capt. Ramon was the one who killed his mother, Marcela. Zorro loses his composure and starts to fight, but is captured.
Final battle.
The next day, Gov. Aragon decides to leave for Spain and he orders his guards and Sgt. Gonzales that the children and woman should perish by explosives. But a soldier named Baltazar (Rocky Gutierrez) sends news to Gov. Aragon that Zorro is in the plaza for execution as a call from the captain. Captain Ramon reveals to the public and the Governor that Zorro is Antonio which makes the residents and the Governor shock. Capt. Ramon continues the execution of Antonio but Gov. Aragon cancels and he sends the children to the plaza. The Caballeros are planning for the final battle against Guardia Civil and Don Roberto tells them that Zorro is really Antonio. Meanwhile, Lolita returns from a trip back to Angeles and Madame Bella tells to her that Antonio is in the plaza. And then she sees Antonio and she finds out that he is Zorro who is being executed by the order of the Governor. Zorro makes his decision that he will be executed to make the children free. Later, Capt. Ramon and the Gov. Aragon tries to hide their evidence by perish all the remaining children and woman in the fortress. That evidence proves that the Governor and all the Spanish guards are responsible for their crimes he made and the evidence should report to the Spanish authorities. Then, Captain Ramon orders the soldiers to hurt Antonio brutally till death. Then Capt. Ramon meets his mother Dona Chiquita, who is now a lunatic (speaking to her imaginary friend "Don Carlos", named after Lolita's late father), in prison and she tells him that Gov. Aragon should be killed because according to her, Gov. Aragon was the one responsible for stealing all the gold from the late Captain Horacio who was the first one to discovered the gold. She gets released as an order by her son. Then Capt. Ramon is out to find Gov. Aragon and he tries to stop him but the Governor orders his elite soldiers to engage a battle against Capt. Ramon's personal soldiers. Meanwhile, the Caballeros are engaging in a final battle against the remaining Guardia Civil. Fortunately, Sgt. Gonzales changes his mind by killing a soldier who tries to shoot Antonio and he finally gives his mask to Antonio but Sgt. Gonzales gets shoot and he tells to Antonio that he needs to save the victims from the fortress. Zorro comes out to eliminate the remaining soldiers. After the battle, Antonio and Lolita reunites again. But Zorro and the Caballeros have to go to save the victims from the fortress. They found the prisoners, fight the remaining guards and Zorro puts off the explosives to make the victims free until Captain Ramon shows up. Zorro confronts and duels Capt. Ramon for the last time until Gov. Aragon shows up trying to kill both and almost shoots them but they drop into the mining cart. Don Roberto shoots Gov. Aragon to death while Zorro and Capt. Ramon fights in the mining cart, which goes deeper until reaches outside. Captain Ramon begs "forgiveness" to Antonio but he tries to stab him until he is encountered by Zorro and falls to death. Dona Chiquita witnesses the death of her son. The deaths of Governor Aragon and Captain Ramon results the end of the Spanish regime and the start of the new beginning for the Indios.
After The Battle.
After the hardships, sufferings and the death of the tyrannical Governor Luis Aragon and Captain Ramon Pelaez, the residents of the town of Angeles are celebrating their freedom and victory of Zorro. The town is having a new governor who shows care, love and democracy not only for Indios or Filipinos but also for foreigners unlike the previous governor. Madame Bella and her two Bellas are having their jobs back and still works with Shihong. Then Bernardo awakes and reunites with Pepe and Juana and Juana marries him. Father Felipe returns as a priest. Dona Catalina becomes well, happy and wealthy again and she meets Shihong who escorts her mother, Lolita's grandmother, to discuss their business. Dona Chiquita is still lunatic and penniless and then she meets Dona Catalina and they finally reconcile each other and later she gives food to her. Then Pepe meets Father Felipe and Don Roberto and they tell him what is his dream. Pepe says that he wants to become a doctor someday, Father Felipe and Don Roberto then notice Pepe's slipper floating on the lake and are surprised when Pepe decides to let go of the other pair by dropping it to the water, saying that a slipper is useless without its pair, and if ever a fisherman gets the slipper, at least it would have its pair to accompany it - this is a popular story involving the Philippine's National Hero, Jose Rizal - who incidentally was nicknamed Pepe. This signals that little Pepe is destined for greatness if he was Jose Rizal although it is unconfirmed. After that, Don Roberto tells Nana Maria, that she will no longer be a maid but the manager of the Hacienda Pelaez. Finally, Antonio marries Lolita.
Production.
The TV series was shot on location at Las Casas Filipinas de Acuzar Heritage Village in Bagac, Bataan. To prepare for the series, the entire cast took lessons in fencing, horse riding, and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="20859540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859540" title="Danville, Olney and Ohio River Railroad">
Danville, Olney and Ohio River Railroad

The Danville, Olney and Ohio River Railroad ran south from Sidell to West Liberty, Illinois and existed in the late 19th century.
History.
The original proposal for the railroad was for a 243-mile route from Danville through Hume to the Ohio River. The portion running through Hume was completed and put into service in 1881.
The north-south railroad was known by the following official and unofficial names:
As the roadbed decayed, the line carried freight at just nine-and-a-half miles per hour. Derailments were frequent nonetheless.
I.N. Coolley served as President of the railroad in its later years.
The rolling stock of the railroad consisted of one caboose and two locomotives, numbered 200 and 201, which were former switch engines purchased from the Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad. Cars were rented from major railroads.
In 1886, the company was sold at foreclosure and acquired by the Chicago and Ohio River Railroad, a predecessor of the Illinois Central Railroad. However, when that company's successor, the Peoria, Decatur and Evansville Railway, went bankrupt, the line was resold in 1898 to the Indiana, Decatur and Western Railway, a predecessor of the Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railroad (acquired by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1927).
In 1938, the line was abandoned by legal means. The scrap iron was removed by Hyman Michaels.
George H. Culp of Montezuma, Indiana, wrote a poem, entitled "The Old Road Passes", which describes the "Old Dog River line."

</doc>
<doc id="20859547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859547" title="Alexander Francis Macdonald">
Alexander Francis Macdonald

Alexander Francis Macdonald (born 1818 in St. Raphael's, Upper Canada-died April 12, 1913) was a politician and railway contractor.
The son of Alexander Macdonald, he was educated in Cornwall and at St Raphael's College. He settled in Cornwall. Macdonald was president of the Canada Cotton Company. After being elected in the 1874 election on January 22, he was unseated by petition on September 7, 1874 and re-elected on October 20 the same year. Macdonald did not run in the 1878 election. His brothers, John Sandfield Macdonald and Donald Alexander Macdonald, were also Members of Parliament.
Macdonald never married. He died in Cornwall at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="20859548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859548" title="Väinö Hakkila">
Väinö Hakkila

Väinö Hakkila (29 June 1882, in Lempäälä – 18 July 1958, in Orivesi) was a Finnish politician from Social Democratic Party of Finland. 
Hakkila was elected into Parliament for terms of 1919 – 1945 and 1948 – 1957. He was deputy speaker from 1929 to 1932 and speaker of the parliament from 1936 to 1945, including wartime period. He was minister of justice in Tanner cabinet from 1926 to 1927 and the first Social Democratic municipality major of Tampere for more than thirty years, 1920-1952.
Hakkila, as one of the victims of Lapua Movement, was kidnapped and beaten in July 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20859549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859549" title="Abortion in Peru">
Abortion in Peru

Abortion in Peru is illegal except in case of the threat to the life or health of the woman. A woman that consents to an abortion can be sentenced to up to two years in prison. A person that performs an illegal abortion can be sentenced to 1 to 6 years in prison.
Abortion has been generally illegal in Peru since 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20859565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859565" title="Beth Alpha">
Beth Alpha

Beth Alpha is a sixth-century synagogue located at the foot of the northern slopes of the Gilboa mountains near Beit She'an, Israel. It is now part of Bet Alfa Synagogue National Park and managed by the Israel Nature and Parks Authority. 
Excavations.
The Beth Alpha synagogue was uncovered in 1928 by members of the nearby Kibbutz Hefzibah, who stumbled upon the synagogue’s extensive mosaic floors during irrigation construction. Excavations began in 1929 under the auspices of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and were led by Israeli archaeologist, Eleazar Sukenik. A secondary round of excavations, sponsored by the Israel Antiquities Authority in 1962, further explored the residential structures surrounding the synagogue.
In addition, a hoard of 36 Byzantine coins were found in a shallow depression in the floor apse.
Architecture.
Architectural remains from the Beth Alpha synagogue indicate that the synagogue once stood as two-story basilical building and contained a courtyard, vestibule, and prayer hall. The first floor of the prayer hall consisted of a central nave measuring 5.4 meters wide, the apse, which served as the resting place for the Torah Ark, the bema, the raised platform upon which the Torah would have been read, and benches. The Torah Ark within the apse was aligned southwest, in the direction of Jerusalem.
Nave Mosaics.
Northern Panel—Binding of Isaac.
The iconographic significance of the “Binding of Isaac” is unclear. There is a wide variety of opinions, with some scholars seeing this narrative as an affirmation of God’s mercy, others as symbolic of his continuing covenant with Israel, and others as embodying the rabbinic notion of "zechut avot" or the merit of the fathers. In contemporaneous Christian church art, where the “Binding of Isaac” was also a popular theme, the narrative was seen as a typological pre-figuration for the crucifixion.
Central Panel—Zodiac Wheel.
This zodiac wheel, along with other similar examples found in contemporaneous synagogues throughout Israel such as Naaran, Susiya, Hamat Tiberias, Huseifa, and Sepphoris, rest at the center of a scholarly debate regarding the relationship between Judaism and general Greco-Roman culture in late-antiquity. Some interpret the popularity that the zodiac maintains within synagogue floors as evidence for its Judaization and adaptation into the Jewish calendar and liturgy. Others see it as representing the existence of a “non-Rabbinic” or a mystical and Hellenized form of Judaism that embraced the astral religion of Greco-Roman culture.
Southern Panel—Synagogue Scene.
The southern panel, which was laid before the synagogue’s Torah Shrine, is a liturgically oriented scene that emphasizes the centrality of the Torah Shrine. The Torah Shrine stands at the center of the composition and is depicted with a gabled roof. The Torah Shrine is decorated with ornamented panels featuring diamonds and squares. The floating conch shell seen in the center of the roof, is a stylized representation of the Torah Shrine’s inset arch. A hanging lamp is suspended from the gable of the roof. As a symbolic marker of its importance, the lower register of the Torah Shrine is flanked by two roaring lions and is surrounded by Jewish ritual objects such as the lulav, etrog, shofar, and incense shovel. Two birds flank the gabled roof in the upper register of the Torah Shrine. Two large seven-branched Menorah (singular Menorah, plural Menorot) candelabras stand on either of the Torah Shrine. It is interesting to note that the base and branches of the two Menorahs are not identical in form; the right-hand Menorah has an upright base, while the left-hand Menorah has two crescent shaped legs and one upright leg. Lastly, the entire scene is framed by the two pulled back curtains, which served to demarcate the sacred space of the Torah Shrine.
The presence of the Menorah, which originally stood in the Jerusalem Temple, comes to highlight the continuing importance that the Jerusalem Temple occupied in the development of the synagogue. Additionally, the Menorah also maintained a practical function, as the primary light source for the area around the Torah Shrine. Sukenik believed that the two Menorot depicted flanking the Torah Shrine in this scene, likely stood adjacent to the Torah Shrine within the actual Beth Alpha synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="20859588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859588" title="Machlyes">
Machlyes

The Machlyes were an ancient Libyan tribe. According to Herodotus, their young women held a ritual battle with sticks and stones annually with neighboring Auseans.
In Medieval bestiaries, they were said to be a race of hermaphroditic humanoids with a male half and a female half, possibly inspired by the martial practices of the females.
In the book Sweet Shadows by Tera Lynn Childs, the machlyes Achilla saves Gretchen from the merdaemon in the abysses.

</doc>
<doc id="20859605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859605" title="Sporting Saint Mirren F.C.">
Sporting Saint Mirren F.C.

Sporting Saint Mirren FC are a Ghanaian professional football club, based in Indadfa, Greater Accra. The club is currently competing in the Ghana Poly Tank Division One League.
Biography.
Overview.
The Club’s home strip is Yellow and Green with matching socks in the same colour, while the away strip is Black and White with Black and White socks.
The official symbol of the club is the eagle and its motto is "where only eagles dare".
Club Officials.
The Club’s Board is advised by GFA Executive Committee member, Mr. Fred Crentsil, with the following occupying the respective roles; Mr. Oloboi Commodre as Director of Operations, Mr. Fadi Omari as head coach with Mr. Jimmy Kobla and Mr. Laryea Korley as Assistant Coaches.
Commercial Strategy.
The Global Village Group acquired newly promoted St. Mirren FC who qualified on top of Zone III in the middle league, beating Royal Knights F.C., Fairpoint F.C., and drawing with Power FC. 
The club’s name has thus been changed to Sporting Mirren FC, SP Mirren for short. The strategic plan of the new owners includes running the Club as a professional organization which will contribute to the development of the game in Ghana.
As part of the marketing strategy of the Club, Global Village has secured a sponsorship deal with Metro TV for this season to the tune of GH¢140,000.00 made up of GH¢70,000.00 cash and GH¢70,000.00 in the form of airtime to promote and market the matches and activities of SP Mirren.
Stadium.
Sporting Mirren FC play its midweek & weekend matches on Thursday and Saturday respectively at Ohene Djan Stadium. The Club has chosen the Ajax Park as its training grounds, which is within the same neighbourhood of its Clubhouse located near IPS Legon.
St Mirren FC.
The Ghanaian side shares its name with Saint Mirren Football Club, a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley, Scotland. The Scottish St Mirren FC were alerted to the existence of a "Ghana St. Mirren," a few years ago and were delighted to welcome the then chairman, and a selection of the latter's first team, to Scotland for a visit. A link between the two was soon established and Ghana St Mirren received brand new black and white St Mirren FC kits after their Chairman met a supporter, Stuart McIntosh, at the Normandy Hotel near Paisley with the result that McIntosh sent the club the kits. Nevertheless, SP Mirren, as they are now known, have reverted to their original green and yellow shirts.
Season 2008-2009.
The Club kicked off their campaign in the Ghana Premier League on November 24 against Accra Hearts of Oak but were beaten 2-0. Other domestic league defeats have since followed, against Chelsea FC, All Stars F.C. & Real Tamale United.

</doc>
<doc id="20859606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859606" title="Bahia Emerald">
Bahia Emerald

The Bahia Emerald is one of the largest emeralds (or rather, emerald crystals embedded in host rock) and contains the largest single shard ever found. The approximately stone originated from Bahia State in Brazil. It narrowly escaped flooding during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 during a period of storage in a warehouse in New Orleans. It was subsequently reported stolen in September 2008 from a secured vault in South El Monte in Los Angeles County, California. The stone has been valued at some $400 million, but the true value is unclear. At one point, the emerald was listed for sale on eBay for a "Buy It Now" price of $75 million.
History.
It originally was mined in the beryl mines of western Bahia State, Brazil, from which it takes its name. "Bahia" is an archaic form of Portuguese "baía", meaning 'bay' after the bay first seen by European explorers in the 16th century.
After being moved from Brazil to the United States, various attempts were made to sell it without success. There were conflicting claims of ownership. Eventually the emerald was seized from a gem dealer in Las Vegas and taken into the custody of the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department. After a series of legal actions, Judge John A. Kronstadt of the Los Angeles County Superior Court announced in September 2010 that he would hear the case. Anthony Thomas, among the claimants, claimed to have original ownership of the gem. Other claimants include Jerry Ferrara, Kit Morrrison and Todd Armstrong of F&M Holding who have paid more than $1.3 million. A trial date was set for January 21, 2013, in the Los Angeles County Court. On January 29, 2014, Judge Kronstadt issued a ruling rejecting the claims of Anthony Thomas, leaving the determination of the remaining claimants for a future trial.

</doc>
<doc id="20859631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859631" title="Aeneator (gastropod)">
Aeneator (gastropod)

Aeneator is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks. Most species of this genus are found around New Zealand, Chile and Antarctica.
Species.
Species in the genus "Aeneator" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20859637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859637" title="Wonder under Water">
Wonder under Water

Wonder under Water is the English-language title of German film director Leni Riefenstahl's 1990 Wunder unter Wasser, an illustrations book of marine life.
Overview.
The book is a collection of photographs taken by Riefenstahl of marine life since she began scuba diving in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20859641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859641" title="Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen and Sanko SS &amp; Co Ltd">
Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen and Sanko SS &amp; Co Ltd

The Diana Prosperity or Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen and Sanko SS & Co Ltd 1 WLR 989 is a landmark English contract law case. It heralded a new contextual approach to interpretation of contracts.
Facts.
A charterparty described the ship to be chartered as "called Yard no 354 at Osaka". Osaka was the name of the yard responsible for building the ship, although the building was subcontracted to another yard, Oshima. The Osaka yard could not handle a tankship of that size. Both parties knew this. But the buyers, wanting to get out of the contract for another reason, argued that the ship did not correspond with the description under s 13 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that the words used did not fall under s 13, because they were merely labelling which vessel was involved. In the course of the decision, Lord Wilberforce stated that in construing a contract, the Court must,
The hull number and yard had no particular significance ("innominate terms"). The description needs to focus on the "goods" not excessively technical arguments.

</doc>
<doc id="20859643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859643" title="Tom Osmond">
Tom Osmond

Thomas Rulon "Tom" Osmond (born October 26, 1947) is the second of the nine Osmond siblings.
Life and career.
Osmond was born in Ogden, Utah, the son of Olive May (née Davis) and George Virl Osmond. Tom and his older brother Virl are both hearing impaired.
Tom and his older brother Virl were born deaf and did not perform with their siblings. They eventually learned how to play several instruments and in later years made occasional appearances with their brothers and sister, most notably the Christmas specials from the 70's and early 80's. Both brothers became the inspiration for the Children's Miracle Network.
Tom and Virl were also the first deaf missionaries set out from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. 
Tom has worked for the United States Postal Service for the past 25 years and currently works at the post office in Ephraim, Utah.
Marriage and children.
Tom and his first wife Lyn Heslop have 5 children:
Tom has five grandchildren with his first wife Lyn. Benjamin, the oldest son, is married to Annice Turcsanski and they have four children, Allie Rian, Nicholas J, Molly Lynn, and Emmie Lynn. Geoffrey, the youngest son, has two children, Paityn Joy Osmond, and Beck Malan Osmond, from a previous marriage. Jennifer Lyn is deceased. Tom and Lyn ended their marriage in 1989.
Tom and his second wife Carolyn Olsen also have 4 children:
Carolyn's daughter Anna is married to Marcus Poole and has two sons, Connor and James Douglas.

</doc>
<doc id="20859656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859656" title="Vishnupalita Kambhoja">
Vishnupalita Kambhoja

Prince Vishnupalita Kambhoja ("Kumara Kanbhoja Vhenupalita" in Mhar (Mahad)inscriptions) finds reference in the Buddhist inscriptions (today known as Gandharpale caves situated near confluence of Gandhari & savitri rivers)found at Mhar or Mahad in Kolaba district of Maharashtra, in Bombay Presidency. Kanbhoja of the inscriptions is same as the Kambhoja or Kamboja of ancient Sanskrit and Pali texts and of king Asoka’s Rock Edicts. The prince is believed to have ruled in Kolaba (near Bombay), probably around the 2nd century CE.
Dr J. Burgess's translation of the Mhar (Mahad) inscription.
“To the Perfect one! Kumara (or Prince) Kanbhoja (=Kambhoja) Vhenupalita (=Vishnupalita)’s Lena (=cave), Chaitiyagriha and eight (8) cells; this much work is endowed, and two (2) cisterns on each side of the Lena, also a passage connected with the Lena is presented. It is charitable gift of the Kumara (or Prince)” .
Dating of the inscriptions.
According to Dr J. Burgess, the characters of this record seem to be of about the time of Vasishthiputra the Andhrabhritya or Satakarni king (reign 130-160 CE) 
Historical significance of the inscriptions.
The estimated date for this inscription is the 2nd century CE. This demonstrates that the Kambojas from north-west had settled in Konkan region in Maharashtra prior to 100-150 BCE. The name of the prince i.e. "Visnupalita Kanbhoja" clearly indicates that, by this time the migrant Kambojas had totally acclimatised to the Indian culture. Also, the surname of the prince i.e. 'Kanbhoja' bears the impress of southern or southwestern Indian influence and is an apparent change from Kamboja which bears Iranianian or Paisachi influence.
The existence of Kamboja principality on west coast of India near Bombay as born out by inscriptional evidence above may further prove the fact that the Kambojas who had migrated to and colonized Sri Lanka and later, the Kambuja in Indo-China Peninsula, may have proceeded there via Gujarat/Bombay around this time. The above is just one example of Kamboja principalities. The evidence exists that there were more Kamboja principalities located in western, south-western/southern India.
Inscriptions or Charters belonging to the Bhoja rulers, dating to the 5th century, executed by "Nidhivara" and written by Buddhadasa of the Kamboja (Brahman) gotra have been found in Bandora, Goa.
Luders's inscriptions No 176 and 472 refer to the gift of a monk Kaboja (Kamboja) from "Nandi-Nagara" made at Sanchi Buddghist Stupa. According to IHQ: ""The monk was a Kamboja of Nandi-Nagara which might have been a place in the neighborhood of Sanchi"". But no evidence of any ancient place called Nandi-Nagara near Sanchi (in Malawa) is attested. Probably the Nandi Nagara of the Sanchi Inscriptions refers to modern Nandode (Rajpipli) in Gujarat which in earlier was known as "Nandan Nagar" or "Nandi-puri".
The above pieces of evidence pieced together further support the presence of Kambojas in south-western India in the post-Christian times.

</doc>
<doc id="20859677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859677" title="Mapuche military">
Mapuche military

The Mapuche are a belic culture, and their history has been plagued by wars and conflicts since they began to settle in the Araucanía, they believed that history was created through warfare, and thus engaged in many military conflicts.
Military culture and organization.
Among the Mapuche, war among themselves was conducted by one lof under its lonko against another, or by an alliance of rehue or aillarehue under a toqui, for the purpose of avenging a real or sorcerous injury, (if restititution was not forthcoming) or for acquiring women and plunder.
Leadership.
However by the time of the arrival of the Inca and later the Spanish, the Mapuche had begun call Butalmapu (assemblies) of their leaders to elect a Toqui to provide a unified command for their armies. 
In case of such an invasion, or later revolts or wars against the Spanish the instigating Mapuche Ulmen would call a Butalmapu by "sending around the Pulquitin". This special pulquitin (arrow) was an arrow stained with the blood of llama's heart with knotted red threads indicating the place and date of the Butanmapu to decide whether to go to war and if so what the plan of campaign would be. Sometimes the heads of slain enemies would be sent to these other clans as incentive or gifts to inspire them to join this alliance.
The Toqui was chosen in a Butalmapu, of the Lonkos (chiefs) of various Lofs (clans), or Aillarehues (confederations of clans), allied during the war in question. The toqui had the power to enforce obedience of the troops, organize them, and appoint leaders to them. The command position would continue until the war in question ended, or if in an assembly the Lonkos decided the toqui to be incompetent. In the event of death, a new toqui would be appointed.
The Mapuche were already well organized, upon the arrival of the Spanish colonists. In the previous century they had fought against the expanding Inca Empire and had stopped their invasion at the Battle of the Maule. They could in case of invasion, summon large, organized bodies of warriors and from at least the time of Lautaro’s revolt were able to build forts and complex defensive works to defend themselves from the invaders.
Tactics.
After the initial Spanish conquest, beginning with Lautaro, the new toquis included many new tactics in order to fight the invaders. Lautaro had been captured in one of Pedro Valdivia's earliest campaigns in Araucania and as a page to Valdivia learned of the strengths and weaknesses of the Spanish especially their cavalry. After escaping and becoming a leader of the revolt against the Spanish, Lautaro was instrumental in teaching Mapuche warriors, (previously accustomed to infantry battles in the open field), guerrilla tactics and the use of terrain to reduce the effectiveness of the Spanish cavalry. He also was using espionage carried out by the supposedly conquered Mapuche to be informed of the actions of his enemies. He also built and used fortresses as bases during his invasion of Spanish territory in central Chile. 
By the 1560s the Mapuche began to use camouflaged pits and trenches, captured artillery and firearms. By 1570 they had learned the use of infantry formations, similar to the Spainsh Tercio, that allowed them to defeat Spanish cavalry in the open field. By 1580 the Mapuche began to have cavalry of their own, that soon were capable of defeating the Spanish cavalry. After 1600, they mounted their infantry on horses for greater mobility and developed the tactic of the malón. By the 1620s it was usual practice in battle for two thirds of their force to fight mounted as lancers on the wings with foot in the center, similar to the Spanish custom. When retreating from a malón the Mapuche would often tempt their pursuers into a narrow defile where their main body would confront them. If the pursuers fell on this body ambush detachments would fall on their flanks. All these advances proved effective in holding off the Spaniards and Chileans for 350 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20859679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859679" title="Great Northern Depot (Wayzata, Minnesota)">
Great Northern Depot (Wayzata, Minnesota)

The Great Northern Depot in Wayzata, Minnesota is a depot built by the Great Northern Railway in 1906. The depot is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The depot now houses the offices and museum of the Wayzata Historical Society as well as the Wayzata Area Chamber of Commerce, and is known as the "Wayzata Depot".
Early history.
The St. Paul and Pacific Railroad, predecessor of the Great Northern, reached Wayzata on August 24, 1867. The first depot was located about three blocks east of its present location. When the railroad continued building westward, local citizens protested the construction of the railroad on the stagecoach road that ran in front of the shops in the business district, because the railroad would shower the town with cinders and sparks. The railroad ignored their complaints, so the town sued the railroad in 1883. In response, James J. Hill, the president of the Great Northern, threatened to wipe Wayzata off the map. He demolished the former depot in 1893 and moved the stop a mile to the east, naming it Holdridge. Hill was quoted as saying, "Wayzata residents can walk a mile for the next 20 years!" Since Hill had influence with residents on the west side of town, he established a platform stop at Ferndale Road, about a third of a mile west of downtown. After 12 years of this feud, in which Wayzata citizens had to trudge a mile through marshy terrain to reach the train, Hill relented and built the new depot in the center of Wayzata's downtown.
Influence.
The Great Northern Railway was influential in Wayzata since it brought tourists to the city to enjoy the resorts on Lake Minnetonka. Many of these tourists came from the Southern United States. Large steamboats ferried tourists to various hotels that were built to house these guests, and this contributed to Wayzata's development.
Becomes a museum.
After the cessation of passenger service, the depot closed in 1971, at which point it was donated to the city of Wayzata. The Wayzata Historical Society operates a museum in the building. The original waiting room benches rest on the original terrazzo tile floor. A freight agent's desk and freight scales reproduce the experience of checking passengers' luggage on the train. There is also a ticket window where an agent hands out souvenir tickets for destinations on the "Empire Builder" train. The office area features the stationmaster's desk and the operator's desk, along with various memorabilia. 
In the summer, the Museum of Lake Minnetonka operates the "Minnehaha" steamboat from a dock located adjacent to the depot.
While passenger service to Wayzata ended in 1971, the rail line running past the depot remains in service. The Great Northern Railway merged with other railroads to form the Burlington Northern Railroad in 1970, only a short time before Amtrak took over passenger rail service in the United States in 1971. While Amtrak did not serve Wayzata, the "Empire Builder" continued to run through the city toward Willmar and Morris, Minnesota until 1979 when the "North Coast Hiawatha" ended service and the "Empire Builder" changed to its present routing. Burlington Northern merged with the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad to form BNSF Railway in 1996. The tracks past the depot are now part of BNSF's Wayzata Subdivision.
In September 2006 the Minnesota Garden Railroad Society (MGRS) started setting up a temporary garden railroad display to help the city of Wayzata celebrate its annual James J. Hill days. The response to this attraction was so popular that the City of Wayzata, The Wayzata Historical Society and the MGRS, held meetings about possibly making a permanent garden railroad layout there. In 2009 the City of Wayzata approved the project, and the State of Minnesota got its first public garden railroad display. Thanks to a donation of G-scale model railroad locomotives and rolling stock, the depot museum runs model garden trains every weekend from 1 to 4 pm., free of charge—weather permitting.

</doc>
<doc id="20859699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859699" title="Seth Pomeroy's Ride (poem)">
Seth Pomeroy's Ride (poem)

"Seth Pomeroy's Ride" is a poem written by Katherine Tryon Shepherd-Smith in 1911. It chronicles Seth Pomeroy's horseback ride from Northampton, Massachusetts to Breed's Hill, located in the Charlestown section of Boston, Massachusetts, where he took part in the Battle of Bunker Hill during the American Revolutionary War. Additionally, the poem touches upon Pomeroy's military service during the French and Indian War and King George's War.
"Seth Pomeroy's Ride".
<poem>All honor to faithful Paul Revere,
Obedient to the signal near,
Hanging aloft in the old church tower,
When Destiny mated him with the hour.
Secure his fame! long embalmed in song
In the "Wayside Tales", tender and strong,
Though no one dreamed he would ride to renown
By Concord Bridge and Lexington town
But what of that hero, old and gray,
A hundred miles away from "The Bay"?
To whom there came in his meadow still,
The summons from distant Bunker Hill;
Who taking his hard-worked horse from the field,
Rode out to the east—the night his shield.
No beacon light gleamed over the way
Seth Pomeroy's lonely journey lay.
But the fearsome darkness hardly awes
This veteran of colonial wars,
Who at Cape Breton, Crown Point, "Fort Ti,"
Braved perils great, with spirits high.
For loyally had he served King George
And fashioned guns at his own burning forge
That latter defended the blood-traced line
Of Britain's camp in the northern pine.
Sturdy and brave as his knighted sires,
Who for centuries kept their altar fires
Alive and bright, in the castle grim
On Devon's coast—yet there came to him
In the frequent wars, a longing great
For home and children and true helpmate:
"I hope to see"—thus he wrote in pain,
"The pleasant face of my wife again."
So when the colonies ceased to know
Fear of the French, of the savage foe,
His warrior spirit sought release
In the helpful services of peace.
Long years at home in the meadow-town
Served to increase his well-known renown;
He was felt a power; his words had weight
In councils high, and affairs of state.
But Massachusetts when soon beset
By British tyranny, found him yet
Not too old, at near three score and ten,
To command her corps of militia men:
While the patriot farmers, young and old
On Northampton's honor-list enrolled,
Who at Boston's siege were later seen,
Seth Pomeroy trained on the village green.
A respite brief in his quite home
After Lexington—then the order to come
In all haste to threatened Bunker Hill,
With his home-made gun and his iron will.
So for Charleston he hurried away,
Horse and rider alert for the fray,
As when young he had often set forth
To bear England's standard far to the north.
Crossing the river, the meadows green,
Fringed with the willow trees' verdant screen,
Sloped gently beyond to Mount Holyoke's feet,
Where still the valley and upland meet.
Ere set of sun on that mid-June day
Seth Pomeroy's lengthening shadow lay
Beyond the Regicide, broad-street town,
Where the old Bay road winds up and down.
Mounting the crest of many a hill;
Through the villages, deathly still,
Those hoof-beats, echoing by the way
And ringing yet in our ears today.
Under the stars, all the summer night
He urged his good steed; and with daylight
Onward, far onward, on to the Bay,
Lay his brave course, that historic day.
A hundred miles, if a mile, he rode
After leaving his peaceful abode,
And only paused in his journey east
For briefest rest to man or beast;
Or at some inn to exchange his horse
For a fresh relay—But thinking it worse
A borrowed one risking, sturdily walked
All the last few miles, where danger stalked.
Then Putnam's greeting rang loud and clear:
"Pomeroy! Seth Pomeroy! You here?"
"A cannon would wake you in your grave!"
"Command these troops, the day to save!"
But it was not for glory he had come.
Like some old knight from his far-off home;
So chose in the ranks to use his skill,
And as volunteer fight, with might and will.
Higher rank and honors later came,
That added new luster to his name,
But none with haunt the memory still
Like his famous ride to Bunker Hill;
And fair Northampton may well take pride 
In the lace he set by the country-side—
Her doughty General, old and gray,
When he covered that hundred miles to the bay.
Again by his own fireside he found
Rest after battle; relief from the sound
Of war's cruel din; its carnage and woe.
"Hereafter" he said, "let younger men go
"When the order comes, calling to arms"
But short the respite; Soon fresh alarms!
Then Washington's plea that he take command
On the Hudson's rugged, east-bound land.
There on distant Peekskill heights he died;
Where his body had long rested, beside
That beautiful river, from the north,
In whose brave defense he last went forth.</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="20859726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859726" title="DSV 78/08 Ricklingen">
DSV 78/08 Ricklingen

The DSV 78/08 Ricklingen was a German rugby union team from the Ricklingen suburb of Hannover, playing in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga North/East in 2008-09. The team was an on-the-field union of DSV 78 Hannover and SV 1908 Ricklingen, two successful clubs in themselves. The two clubs continued to exist as separate entities.
In March 2009, the SV Ricklingen announced it would leave the union with the DSV 78 and not field a senior men's team in the future, instead concentrating on its youth program. This left the "DSV 78" to field its own side in the Rugby-Bundesliga 2009-10.
History.
DSV 78 Hannover.
The club was formed on 14 September 1878 as Deutschen Fußball-Verein Hannover gegründet 1878. Under the leadership of Ferdinand-Wilhelm Fricke, then only 15 years old, 24 young men formed the first football or rugby club in the country, a distinction was not made in Germany back then.
The move was inspired by watching, and occasionally joining the players of the "English Hannover Football-Club".
The first proper game of rugby however was not played until 1883, when "England" played "Germany" in Hannover on 17 October. 
In 1899, Fricke discovered an ideal spot for the club to play at, "Am Schnellen Graben", still the home of "DFV" today. A year later, the "Verband Hannoverscher Fußball-Vereine" ("Association of Hanover football clubs") was formed and "DFV" won its first championship.
In 1909, the club adopted field hockey as another sport. In 1913, the "DFV" reached its first German championship final but lost to SC 1880 Frankfurt. Shortly after, the events of the First World War bring the activities of the club almost to a halt. Of the club members to lose their live in the war, Hermann Löns, "The Poet of the Heath", is the best known.
On 17 January 1927, the founding father of the club, F.W. Fricke, died. A year later, the club played in its second German final, and lost once more. In 1929, the club changed its name to Deutscher Sportverein Hannover gegr. 1878 e.V., reflecting the fact that it didn't play football but rugby.
During the Second World War, the clubs facilities suffered heavily from allied bombing raids and in 1945, the club house was in ruins.
In the post-war years, the "DSV" managed to rebuilt its facilities and in 1949 it reopened its club house. 
On 7 June 1964, Germanys oldest rugby club finally earned its first German championship, beating FC St. Pauli 11-0 in Offenbach am Main.
"78" won two more championships, in 1968 and 1970, before the Rugby-Bundesliga was established in 1971. The club was part of the new league but did not achieve highly in its first ten years.
Its fourth national championship came in 1982, when RG Heidelberg was beaten 15-6. The club was to play in seven championship finals in a row from then on, winning the first four and then losing three. With a years interruption in 1989, the team returned for another championship in 1990. After another championship in 1991, "DSV" reached the final for a last time in 1993.
In the German Cup, the club continued to be successful, winning it in 1996 and 1998 and making final appearances in the two years after.
Up until the merger with SV 08 Ricklingen, the "DSV 78" continued to be a top side in German rugby.
SV 08 Ricklingen.
"SV" was formed on 6 August 1908, by twelve young men, as a rugby club. The club, for the most part, existed in the shadow of its local competitors, "DSV 78", TSV Victoria Linden and its bitter rival DRC Hannover, also from the suburb of Ricklingen.
"08", as the club is nicknamed, managed to win three German championships and two cup wins during its history. The clubs first title came in 1950, when the final against SC Neuenheim was won. Ten years later, a second championship was won against TSV Handschuhsheim in 1960. 
The team then took part in the newly established European Cup, where it met teams like SCA Brussels, AC Hilversum and ASPTT Rabat, travelling to Morocco to play the later.
In March 1964, Ricklingen played an historic match against the Dartmouth College Rugby Football Club from the sister town of Hanover, New Hampshire, which became the first American college team to play a rugby match in continental Europe. Ricklingen won that game 11-3 before a large gathering that included the Lord Mayor of Hannover.
Ricklingen was part of the new Rugby-Bundesliga when it was formed in 1971. The club suffered a harsh loss in its first Bundesliga season when the club house burned down.
Despite the loss of its long-time chairman Heinz Reinhotd in 1974, the club managed to win its third German championship that season. Two players were still left in the team that had won the 1960 title as well.
Despite only finishing fourth in the Bundesliga North, the club managed to reach the German final once more in 1992 after defeating RG Heidelberg and "DSV 78" in the knock-out stage. Against TSV Victoria Linden, "08" was heavily outclassed in the final and lost 3-59.
In 1996, "Ricklingen" found itself in legal trouble with the German rugby association, the "DRV". The reason was that the club had not played a Bundesliga game against VfR Döhren because the referee had not turned up. A long-drawn legal battle ended with the club being forcefully relegated from the Bundesliga in 1997.
After this forced relegation, the club lost a great number of players and was unable to return to former heights. After a number of seasons in the 2nd Bundesliga North/East it was decided to form an on-the-field union with "DSV 78". After some initial skepticism, this is well accepted within the club now.
DSV 78/08 Ricklingen.
The merger of the two teams brought the club little luck, suffering relegation from the Bundesliga in its first season. The team managed to compensate for it in the following season by earning promotion back up.
"DSV 78/08" could not achieve to establish itself in the first division, having to play against relegation and eventually dropping back down in 2007.
In 2007-08, back in the 2nd Bundesliga North/East, the team only managed to finish fourth.
In its last season, 2008-09, the team had much improved and won the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga North/East and a promotion to the Bundesliga. In May they played a final game for the 2nd Bundesliga championship against the South/East winners SC Franfurt 1880 II. They lost 24:10.
With Benjamin Krause and Rafael Pyrasch, the club had two players called up for the Germany national rugby union team in 2008, the only German second division side to do so. During the final championship game in 2009 these players were not avalilable since they played at the London Sevens for the German Sevens-Rugby national Team.

</doc>
<doc id="20859729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859729" title="Johann Heinrich Meyer">
Johann Heinrich Meyer

Johann Heinrich Meyer (16 March 1760, Stäfa, Zürich - 14 October 1832, Jena) was a Swiss painter and art writer active in Weimar. A pupil of Henry Fuseli, he went to Rome in 1784, and befriended Goethe in 1787, becoming his right-hand-man in artistic matters (with the nicknames "Kunschtmeyer" and "Goethemeyer"). From 1791 he lived in Weimar, working from 1806 as director of its Fürstlichen freien Zeichenschule.

</doc>
<doc id="20859736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859736" title="Abortion in Paraguay">
Abortion in Paraguay

Abortion in Paraguay is illegal except in case of the threat to the life of the woman. Anyone who performs an abortion can be sentenced to 15 to 30 months in prison. If the abortion is done without the consent of the woman, the punishment is increased to 2 to 5 years. If the death of the woman occurred as a result of the abortion, the person who did the procedure can be sentenced to 4 to 6 years in prison, and 5 to 10 years in cases in which she did not consent.
In Paraguay, 23 out of 100 deaths of young women are the result of illegal abortions. Concerning this death rate, Paraguay has one of the highest in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20859741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859741" title="Brandon Rudat">
Brandon Rudat

Brandon Rudat (born May 29, 1980) is an American journalist.
Professional career.
Rudat started his professional career as an intern on the "Today Show" in New York City and a producer for WNBC's "Today in New York" where he covered the 9/11 terrorist attacks and aftermath. Rudat then relocated to Maryland where he worked as the morning anchor and reporter for WHAG-TV, NBC 25. Rudat has also worked as a political reporter for a cable news network in New York and a fill-in anchor at WVIT based out of Hartford, Connecticut, notably for his investigative reporting of illegal street vendors and manufacturers of illegal fire extinguishers. Rudat worked with the 7News team out of Boston, Massachusetts, until April 2009 and subsequently went to KTLA Channel 5 in Los Angeles from June 2009 until April 2010.
From May 2010 to July 2013, Rudat was employed by CBS Atlanta, the CBS affiliate in Atlanta, as the anchor of CBS Atlanta's morning show, "Better Mornings Atlanta".
Awards.
In May 2007, Rudat won an Emmy for an exclusive story he did about a fire chief who was also a convicted child sex offender. He was also nominated for eight other Emmy Awards including Best Investigative Reporting and for his work at the 2006 Winter Olympics Games in Torino, Italy. 
Rudat is a graduate of New York University and is the recipient of an Associated Press award for Best Enterprise Reporting.

</doc>
<doc id="20859783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859783" title="Johann Heinrich Meyer (publisher)">
Johann Heinrich Meyer (publisher)

Johann Heinrich Meyer (2 March 1812, Braunschweig - 4 November 1863, Braunschweig; also known as Heinrich Meyer) was a German bookseller and publisher.

</doc>
<doc id="20859816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859816" title="Idaho State Highway 7">
Idaho State Highway 7

Idaho State Highway 7 (SH-7) is a state highway in Clearwater County, Idaho running from the Lewis County line through Orofino. It is long and runs north-south.
Route description.
SH-7 begins at the Clearwater-Lewis County line between Nezperce and Orofino. A vacated section of SH-7 runs south into Lewis County as Russell Ridge Road. SH-7 continues north, briefly overlapping US 12 before crossing the Clearwater River into Orofino. It then runs through Orofino, continues north and ends on a bridge crossing the north fork of the Clearwater River. The road continues as Old State Highway 7.

</doc>
<doc id="20859884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859884" title="Hong Kong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd">
Hong Kong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd

Hong Kong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/1961/7.html EWCA Civ 7 is a landmark English contract law case. It introduced the concept of innominate terms, between "warranties" and "conditions". Diplock LJ emphasised that some terms could lead to either the right to terminate a contract as a remedy, or to the mere entitlement to damages (and no right to terminate). What mattered was not whether you call a particular contract term a "warranty" or a "condition" but how serious the breach of the term was. 
Facts.
Hong Kong Fir Shipping hired out their ship under a two-year time charter-party to Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha. It was to sail from Liverpool to collect a cargo at Newport News, Virginia, and then to proceed via Panama to Osaka. A term in the charter-party (the hire agreement) required the ship to be seaworthy and to be "in every way fitted for ordinary cargo service." However the crew were both insufficient and incompetent to deal with her old fashioned machinery; and the chief engineer was a drunkard. On the voyage from Liverpool to Osaka, the engines suffered several breakdowns, and was off-hire for a total of five weeks, undergoing repairs. On arrival at Osaka, a further fifteen weeks of repairs were needed before the ship was seaworthy again. By this time, only seventeen months of the two-year time-charter remained. Once in Osaka, freight rates happened to fall, and Kawasaki terminated the contract for Hong Kong's breach. Hong Kong responded that Kawasaki were now the party in breach for wrongfully repudiating the contract.
At first instance, it was held that although the ship was a seaworthy vessel on delivery in Liverpool, Hong Kong Fir had not exercised due diligence to maintain the vessel in an efficient and seaworthy state. However, the trial judge found that this breach was not substantial enough to entitle the charterer to repudiate the contract. Kawasaki appealed.
Judgment.
The Court of Appeal held that the "seaworthiness" term was not breached in a sufficiently serious way to entitle the charterer to terminate. It was an "innominate term". Diplock LJ's judgment went as followed.
Significance.
"The Hong Kong Fir" held that the meaning of the term "seaworthiness" has a very broad meaning ranging from trivial defects like a missing life preserver or a major flaw that would sink the ship. Accordingly, it is impossible to determine ahead of time what type of term it is. Thus, the type of breach must be determined by the judges. "Seaworthiness" is defined both by common law and by statute. In "McFadden v Blue Star Lines" 1 KB 607 it was stated that, to be seaworthy, a vessel must have the degree of fitness that an ordinarily careful and prudent shipowner would require his vessel to have at the commencement of a voyage, having regard to all possible circumstances. And the Marine Insurance Act 1906 s 39(4) provides that "a ship is deemed to be seaworthy when she is reasonably fit in all respects to encounter the ordinary perils of the adventure insured." 
In the Hong Kong case, the issue was not whether the unseaworthiness was "serious" or "minor"; rather the question was whether the undoubtedly serious unseaworthiness had had an effect sufficiently grave to allow the charterer to repudiate. On the facts, given that the charterer had had the "substantial benefit" of the contract for some 80% of the time period, the court held that the breach was adequately remedied by damages.
"The Hong Kong Fir" decision was met with some alarm in the shipping world, where certainty is crucial. The problem was the delay element; one had to "wait and see" the effect of the breach. The enormous costs involved in chartering mean that parties cannot afford to leisurely loiter, whilst pondering the consequences of the breach. Soon after, in "The Mihailis Angelos" 1 QB 164, it was held the impossibility of the shipowner to meet the "expected ready to load" date, ipso facto entitled the charterer to repudiate for anticipatory breach of condition. (The charterer was relieved to be able to cancel, as his proposed cargo of apatite had not materialised!) PS. Lord Denning used the word "warranty" in a very different way.

</doc>
<doc id="20859894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859894" title="MILF (slang)">
MILF (slang)

MILF, an acronym for "Mother/Mom/Mum I'd Like to Fuck", is a colloquial term common in English and generally regarded as vulgar when spelled out. It denotes a sexually attractive female, usually several years older than the person using the term.
History.
The term itself was first documented in Internet newsgroups during the 1990s. It was popularized by the 1999 film "American Pie" referring to Jennifer Coolidge's character, "Stifler's mom".
The concept of a MILF predates the term itself, as exemplified by Mrs. Robinson in the 1967 comedy classic "The Graduate".

</doc>
<doc id="20859898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859898" title="Mert Günok">
Mert Günok

Fehmi Mert Günok (born 1 March 1989) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Fenerbahçe in the Süper Lig.
Early years.
Mert Günok was born in Karabük. He started his career with Kocaelispor in 2000. Fenerbahçe transferred him to the club in 2001 and developed him in the youth teams until 2009, when he was promoted to the senior team.
Career.
Günok entered the 2010–11 season as the third-choice goalkeeper, behind Volkan Demirel and Volkan Babacan. However, after Babacan conceded seven goals in two pre-season matches, Günok was given a chance against Genk. Günok finished with a clean sheet, and was subsequently promoted to first backup. He made his league debut against Antalyaspor on 15 August 2010, coming on as a substitute for the injured Demirel at the beginning of the second half keeping a clean sheet for the rest of the match. Günok started the next two league matches against Trabzonspor where he conceded three goals and Manisaspor where he conceded two.

</doc>
<doc id="20859902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859902" title="Corson Inlet">
Corson Inlet

Corson Inlet is a narrow strait on the southern coast of New Jersey in the United States.
Corson Inlet leads from the Atlantic Ocean through barrier islands off the northeast coast of Cape May County, New Jersey. The Inlet separates Ocean City, New Jersey from Strathmere, New Jersey.
The United States Navy seaplane tender USS "Corson", in commission from 1944 to 1946 and 1951 to 1956, was named for Corson Inlet.
Corson's Inlet State Park borders the strait.
The inlet and adjacent dunes were a favorite place for the amblings of American poet, A.R. Ammons resulting in one of his best known poems, Corsons Inlet.
The passing of automobiles to Corson's inlet has naturally left giant, mogul-like bumps in the road, oddly evenly spaced, all reaching the same height and depth (approx. 3 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20859927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859927" title="Ángel Reyna">
Ángel Reyna

Ángel Eduardo Reyna Martínez (born 19 September 1984 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Liga MX club Veracruz.
Club career.
Early career.
Even though he came out of Club América's reserves, he was given his professional debut at San Luis F.C. on 31 July 2005. He scored his first goal in the Primera Division against Pumas UNAM on 5 February 2006.
Club América.
On 18 December 2008 he signed with Mexico City giants América, where he was "born" as a footballer, to be the new reinforcement for the Clausura 2009 season. His debut was against rivals Chivas Guadalajara in the InterLiga tournament where the match ended in a 1–1 draw.
For the Bicentenario 2010 season, after the shooting of Salvador Cabañas, Reyna became a reference player for the team and one of their top scorers, going on to score 7 goals in 16 appearances, including the 9000th goal in the history of the Estadio Azteca in a 2–2 draw with Pachuca.
On 3 April 2011 Reyna scored his first hat-trick for América in a 5–4 win against Puebla in the Clausura 2011 tournament. On 1 May 2011 after scoring the second goal in the 91' minute in the 2–0 win over home-side Pumas, Reyna scored his 13th league goal, thus becoming 
goalscoring champion of the Clausura 2011. He made team history by scoring 13 goals making him the second Mexican-born goalscoring champion, the last one being Cuauhtemoc Blanco in 1998, who scored 16 goals.
On 24 October 2011, Reyna was separated from the first team after saying that the team´s captain, Aquivaldo Mosquera, was made of "water" and that América had a defense of "plastic". América was in the 16th position of the league and had one of the worst defenses in the tournament. After that declarations Reyna was separated of the team.
CF Monterrey, Pachuca and Veracruz.
On 21 December 2011, Reyna joined C.F. Monterrey. Reyna scored 4 goals and 3 assist in his first tournament with Monterrey. His team won the 2011-12 CONCACAF Champions League and was the runner-up for the Mexican Clausura 2012. He showed off on the CONCACAF following tournament by scoring a hat-trick in the 5–0 victory over Chorrillo F.C. in the opening match. On 2013 he went on loan to Pachuca FC, and later was sold to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz.
International career.
Mexico national team.
In 2010 Reyna was called up by Javier Aguirre to play a series of friendlies with the Mexican national football team against Bolivia, North Korea, and Iceland, were he appeared as a substitute in all three matches.
After being the Clausura 2011 top-goalscorer, he was called up by new national team coach José Manuel de la Torre for a series of friendlies against Ecuador and New Zealand national football team, and for the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
International caps.
"As of 16 June 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20859928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859928" title="Jardin botanique Henri Gaussen">
Jardin botanique Henri Gaussen

The Jardin botanique Henri Gaussen is a botanical garden operated by the Université Paul Sabatier at 39 allées Jules Guesde, Toulouse, Haute-Garonne, Midi-Pyrénées, France. It is open weekdays in the warmer months.
The botanical garden was originally created by Philippe-Isidore Picot de Lapeyrouse in the "Jardin des Plantes" (7 hectares) established within the grounds of a Carmelite monastery requisitioned during the French Revolution. It was divided into sections (medicinal plants, industrial, edible), and eventually grew to incorporate more than 5000 species from the nearby Pyrenees and around the world. 
Today's garden is maintained by the Université Paul Sabatier as an adjunct to the natural history museum of Toulouse. It contains about 2500 taxa of plants in an ethnobotanical collection arranged into sections of medicinal, industrial, and edible plants, as well as six greenhouses (450 m²) and a herbarium with about 300,000 specimens. Of particular interest are its collections of toxic plants (840 species), tropical plants (145 species), epiphytes (300 species), succulents (730 species), and carnivorous plants (90 species). Its collections also include about 4500 photographic plates and 35,000 diapositives taken by Prof. Henri Gaussen documenting the flora of the French Pyrenees. The Arboretum de Jouéou is also administered as part of this garden.

</doc>
<doc id="20859938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859938" title="André Jousseaume">
André Jousseaume

André Jousseaume (27 July 1894 – 26 May 1960) was a French equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, and another gold medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20859945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859945" title="Kwi (Liberia)">
Kwi (Liberia)

Kwi is a Liberian term used to connote Westernization, adherence to Christianity (versus indigenous religions), a Westernized first name and surname, literacy through a Western-style education, and adherence to a cash economy instead of a subsistence economy, regardless of an individual's ethnic origin. However, it has historically denoted strong adherence to Americo-Liberian cultural norms, although one need not identify as ethnically Americo-Liberian in order to be kwi.
Etymology.
The term kwi has roots in the Kpelle word "kwi-nuu" (foreigner or civilized person). The Kpelle tribal members defined kwi as a person who spoke fluent English and wore Western attire. They also associated kwi status with Monrovia, Liberia's capital city, which they referred to "kwi-taa" (foreigner town or civilized town).
The Kru tribe also used the term kwi to identify the Americo-Liberian settlers - many of whom were mulattoes - and it was the same word that Krus used to describe whites.
Evolution of the term.
The term was first used in the 1800s by indigenous Africans to identify Americo-Liberian settlers and any other foreigners as outsiders not indigenous to the area. However, the term was adopted by Americo-Liberians as a synonym for "civilized". Indigenous Africans later adopted the new definition as a result of missionary education and labor migration along Liberia's coast.
Before the Liberian Civil War, the most important feature of Liberian social stratification was "civilization", with kwi status as the determining factor.
Kwi status was defined by Americo-Liberians by family background, education, church membership (particularly in a mainstream Protestant denomination), and other social relationships. Kwi status became a prerequisite for a favored position among the Americo-Liberian elite, where indigenous Africans were often sponsored by Americo-Liberian families to acquire kwi status and advance in Liberian society.
Religious usage.
In a religious context, the term kwi connotes a style of worship of a particular Christian church which is marked by formality and decorum. Services in churches considered to be non-kwi have more outward spiritualist expression, with dancing and even street processions in colorful costumes as key elements. Non-kwi churches also have self-proclaimed prophets who interpret dreams and visions, and prioritize a direct experience with the Holy Spirit. Liberia's educated elite have historically regarded the apostolic churches as churches of the uneducated and thus non-kwi.

</doc>
<doc id="20859958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859958" title="Emanuel Couto">
Emanuel Couto

Emanuel Couto (born August 6, 1973, in Guarda, Portugal), is a former professional tennis player from Portugal. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 91 in 1997.
The highest moment of his career was his only ATP level victory in his home country at the Oporto Open in 1996 with fellow Portuguese player and regular doubles partner Bernardo Mota.
Couto participated in 20 Davis Cup ties for Portugal from 1994 to 2003, posting a 13–5 record in doubles and an 11–10 record in singles.
Couto also represented Portugal in the Olympics in Barcelona 92 and Atlanta 96 in the doubles category.

</doc>
<doc id="20859959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859959" title="CD Vera de Almería">
CD Vera de Almería

Club Deportivo Vera is a Spanish football club based in Vera, Province of Almería, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1960 it currently plays in Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Andalusia, holding home games at "Estadio Las Viñas", with a 2,000-seat capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="20859961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859961" title="Chapel of St. Roch, Bingen">
Chapel of St. Roch, Bingen

The Chapel of St. Roch () is a German pilgrimage chapel, dedicated to Saint Roch, on the Rochusberg southeast of Bingen am Rhein.
History.
The first building, dating to the plague year of 1666, was destroyed during the campaigns of 1795 in the French Revolutionary Wars of the Rhine valley. The second was built 1814 in the wake of a typhoid fever epidemic brought back by soldiers returning from the Napoleonic Wars, with Goethe describing its dedication ceremony. Its flèche was hit by lightning in 1889 and the chapel burned down to the brickwork.
The present building, built in 1893-95, is to Neo Gothic designs by the Freiburg master builder Max Meckel and the Berlin stone-cutters Zeidler & Wimmel. At this time a small Bethlehemskapelle was built under the main chapel's east window, recalling an earlier chapel of that name on the site from the Crusader era. Parts of the earlier Roch chapels' art collections survive, but the only thing to survive the fire was the Baroque statue of the patron saint at the high altar.

</doc>
<doc id="20859962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859962" title="Queen Elizabeth Park, New Zealand">
Queen Elizabeth Park, New Zealand

Queen Elizabeth Park is a Wellington Regional Park located on the Kapiti Coast in New Zealand. The park contains the last area of natural dunes on the Kapiti Coast. The park is steeped in history including pa sites at Whareroa Beach and Wainui Beach.
During World War II, the park was the location of two United States Army and Marines bases, Camp MacKay and Camp Russell. U.S. troops were stationed at the camps in 1942-1944 prior to being sent into combat in the Pacific Ocean theatre. Today, little evidence of the 20,000 strong US military camps remains.
The park was named for Queen Elizabeth II before her coronation and was opened during the 1953 Royal Visit. Many recreation facilities were developed in the 1950s-1960s, including the campground and Wellington Tramway Museum.
The park is bordered by Paekakariki, Raumati South, State Highway One, and the North Island Main Trunk Railway. Entrances are near the bridge of State Highway One over the railway (MacKay's crossing, main entrance) and in Raumati South and Paekakariki. The tangata whenua of the park are Ngati Haumia, a hapu of the Ngāti Toa iwi and Te Atiawa ki Whakarongotai.
Several expansive lawn areas near Whareroa Beach and the southern entrance at Paekakariki provide plenty of space for picnics and recreational activities. Public toilets are located at the car parks at the end of the road to Whareroa Beach, and near the playground and car parks at the Paekakariki entrance. A costal walkway and an inland walkway run the length of Queen Elizabeth Park from Raumati South to Paekakariki. Near the main entrance, a loop walkway leads through a wetland area and bush remnant with mature kahikatea.

</doc>
<doc id="20859963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859963" title="2007 Speedway World Cup Event 2">
2007 Speedway World Cup Event 2

The 2007 Speedway World Cup Event 1 was the first race of the 2007 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July, 2007 in the Brandon stadium in Coventry, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20859968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20859968" title="Pieter de Villiers (politician)">
Pieter de Villiers (politician)

Pieter de Villiers is a Namibian politician. A member of the Congress of Democrats (CoD), de Villiers is the mayor of Opuwo, capital of the Kunene Region.

</doc>
<doc id="20860005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860005" title="Dawson railway station">
Dawson railway station

Dawson is a closed station located in the locality of Dawson on the Maffra railway line in Victoria, Australia.
Opened in 1884, it was originally called Glenmaggie Railway Station, with the name changed to Dawson Railway Station about February 1888.
A post office operated at the station from 1884 until 1927, when it moved away.

</doc>
<doc id="20860018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860018" title="Carl Friedrich Ernst Frommann">
Carl Friedrich Ernst Frommann

Carl Friedrich Ernst Frommann (14 September 1765, Jena - 12 June 1837, Jena) was a German bookseller and publisher in Jena, active in the circles of Weimar Classicism and a friend and patron of (among others) Goethe, Minna Herzlieb and Louise Seidler.

</doc>
<doc id="20860049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860049" title="Sam Militello">
Sam Militello

Sam Salvatore Militello Jr. (born November 26, 1969 in Tampa, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Militello played for the New York Yankees in and . In 12 career games, he had a 4–4 record with a 3.89 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Career.
Militello attended the University of Tampa, where he played for the Tampa Spartans baseball team. The New York Yankees drafted Militello in the sixth round of the 1990 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his professional debut in 1990, with the Oneonta Yankees, and led the Short-Season New York-Penn League with 119 strikeouts and his 1.22 ERA was second in the league. The following year, he was the Pitcher of the Year in the Carolina League after compiling a 12–2 record with a 1.22 ERA and 113 strikeouts in 103 innings for the Prince William Cannons. He finished the year with the AA Albany-Colonie Yankees, with whom he put up a 2–2, 2.35 record in 7 starts. In 1992, he was named the Most Valuable Pitcher in the International League when he compiled another 12–2 record, with a league-leading 2.29 ERA, in 22 games with the Columbus Clippers. He made his Major League debut with the 1992 New York Yankees at the end of the year, going 3–3 in 9 starts. However, his promising career was cut short by injuries and wildness.
Militello is an associate head coach for Joe Urso at the University of Tampa. He has been an assistant at UT since 2001. Miltello was a pitching coach in the Cleveland Indians chain in 1999-2000 for the Burlington Indians and Columbus RedStixx.

</doc>
<doc id="20860070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860070" title="Quango (disambiguation)">
Quango (disambiguation)

Quango or Qango may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20860075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860075" title="Christian Leberecht Vogel">
Christian Leberecht Vogel

Christian Leberecht Vogel (4 April 1759, Dresden - 6 April 1816, Dresden) was a German painter, draughtsman and writer on art theory. His pupils included Louise Seidler, and he was the father of the court painter and art professor Carl Christian Vogel.

</doc>
<doc id="20860097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860097" title="Maurice Buret">
Maurice Buret

Maurice Buret (21 May 1909 – 23 August 2003) was a French military officer, equestrian, and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20860099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860099" title="Lower Basin Historic District">
Lower Basin Historic District

The Lower Basin Historic District is a national historic district located in Lynchburg, Virginia. The district defines a commercial and industrial warehouse area located between the downtown commercial area to the south and the James River waterfront to the north. The district contains a variety of mostly late 19th- and early 20th-century, multi-story, brick warehouses and factories, two-to-three-story brick
commercial buildings, and a number of structures associated with the James River and Kanawha Canal and the Norfolk and Western and Chesapeake and Ohio Railways. The district is named for a wide basin of the canal that once extended between Ninth Street and Horseford Road, and contains 60 contributing buildings, two contributing structures (a viaduct and a stone bridge), and one contributing object-a monument commemorating the site of 18th-century Lynch's Ferry.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987, with the boundary increased in 2002, and two additional resources added in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20860110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860110" title="May &amp; Baker">
May &amp; Baker

May & Baker was a British chemical company.
It was started by Mr. May and Mr. Baker in Wandsworth, London in 1851. They initially specialized in the manufacture of chemicals derived from Mercury and Bismuth. Over the years they diversified into other chemical fields including Photographic, Pharmaceuticals, Agrochemicals, and chemicals for Research and development.
The company was bought by Établissements Poulenc Frères (later to become Société des Usines Chimiques Rhône-Poulenc) in 1922, and subsequently moved to Dagenham, Essex, although they continued to trade under the May & Baker name until the 1980s.
During this time they branched into pharmaceuticals, with one of their major discoveries being Sulphapyridine (M&B693) in 1939. This compound was used to treat Winston Churchill's bacterial pneumonia in 1942 — his condition was extremely poor prior to the drug's application.
Post-war, May & Baker expanded into many countries round the world, particularly Commonwealth ones, and comprised three divisions, Pharmaceuticals, Fine Chemicals and Agrochemicals. The 1960s were a boom time for the company, unofficially known as 'the Brittox Years' after one of its world-leading agrochemicals. There were agrochemical manufacturing sites in Sweet Briar Road, Norwich, Barton Moss in Manchester and Belvedere in Kent, a research station at Ongar in Essex and a Head Office at Regent House in nearby Brentwood.
The Agrochemical division also contained Environmental Products (amenity horticulture) and Garden Care (retail), the latter being sold to Pan Britannica Industries (Sumitomo Group) in 1991. A subsidiary, Hortichem, was based in Ongar.
In 1999 the company was split — the Dagenham site (now just Pharmaceuticals), merged with Hoechst and changed the company name to Aventis, and also instigated the loss of R&D at the site in July 2000. The Norwich site became part of Bayer Agrochemicals. The Nigerian subsidiary, bought out in 2002, remains as May & Baker Nigeria Plc.
Later on, a further merger with Sanofi-Synthélabo in 2004, changed the Dagenham site owner to Sanofi-Aventis. In 2009 Sanofi-Aventis announced their intention to close the Dagenham plant by 2013.
Club.
The original works club still exists as The May & Baker Club, and still uses the original M&B logo made using the old symbol for Mercury, surmounted with a five-pointed star.

</doc>
<doc id="20860122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860122" title="Princess Karoline Amalie of Hesse-Kassel">
Princess Karoline Amalie of Hesse-Kassel

Karoline Amalie of Hesse-Kassel (11 July 1771, Hanau – 22 February 1848, Gotha) was a German princess and member of the House of Hesse-Kassel by birth, and Duchess of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg by marriage.
Family.
She was the daughter of Landgrave (later Prince) William I by his wife, Princess Wilhelmina Caroline of Denmark and Norway, herself daughter of King Frederick V. On 24 April 1802 she married Augustus of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg, who succeeded to that duchy in 1804. The marriage remained childless.

</doc>
<doc id="20860130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860130" title="Land use statistics by country">
Land use statistics by country


</doc>
<doc id="20860132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860132" title="Skedaddle Mountains">
Skedaddle Mountains

The Skedaddle Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Lassen County, California, near Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20860135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860135" title="Carabane">
Carabane

Carabane, also known as Karabane, is an island and a village located in the extreme south-west of Senegal, in the mouth of the Casamance River. This relatively recent geological formation consists of a shoal and alluvium to which soil is added by accumulation in the branches and roots of the mangrove trees which cover most of the island. Along with the rest of Ziguinchor Region, Carabane has a tropical climate, cycling between a dry season and a wet season. The island was once considered an arid location where no useful plants were likely to grow, but it now supports several types of fruit tree, the most common of which are mangos and oranges. Although the nearby Basse Casamance National Park and Kalissaye Avifaunal Reserve have been closed for years because of the Casamance Conflict, Carabane has continued to attract ornithologists interested in its wide variety of birds. Various species of fish are plentiful around the island, but there are very few mammals.
The earliest known inhabitants of the island were the Jola, the ethnic group which is still the most populous on the island. The Portuguese were active in the region from the 16th century onwards; however, they did not linger on "Mosquito Island", the mosquitoes and black flies convincing them to establish their trading post in the town of Ziguinchor instead in 1645. On January 22, 1836, the island was ceded to France by the village leader of Kagnout in return for an annual payment of 196 francs. A series of treaties between the French and the leaders of the local peoples ensued; however, the inhabitants of Carabane did not recognize the authority of the treaties imposed upon them, resulting in lootings and abductions among French rice farmers by the Karoninka people. In 1869, Carabane became autonomous, but it merged with Sédhiou in 1886. Since , the population of the island has gradually declined for a variety of reasons including periods of drought, the Casamance Conflict and, more recently, the sinking of the ferry "Joola" in 2002. Because the "Joola" was the primary means of travel to and from Carabane, much of the village's ability to trade and receive tourists has been lost.
Although Carabane was once a regional capital, the village has since become so politically isolated from the rest of the country that it no longer fits into any category of the administrative structure decreed by the Senegalese government. The Jola account for the majority of the island's population and Jola society has no formal hierarchy. The indigenous population was originally animist, but although the sacred groves and fetishes survive as cultural icons of Casamance, the monotheistic belief systems of Catholicism and Islam have become the most widely held in Carabane. The literacy rate is approximately 90%. Students attend a primary school on the island, but must move at least as far as Elinkine to continue their studies.
The testimonies of explorers and colonial administrators demonstrate that Carabane has participated in rice cultivation, fishery, trade, and palm wine production for a long time. The rice cycle plays a central economic and religious role in the lives of the population. Palm oil and palm wine are very popular and traditional in the area. The fishery has long been dominated by artisan fishing, which supplies the daily needs of the island's population; however, broader economic possibilities have been exploited since the early 20th century. Although there have been attempts to cultivate a tourism industry on the island, the inhabitants have been reluctant to participate. Carabane was added to the list of historic sites and monuments of Senegal in 2003.
Toponymy.
The etymology of Carabane remains unclear. It could be connected to the Wolof word "karabané", which means "who speaks a lot," or possibly the Portuguese words "casa" and "acaba", which mean "house" and "finish," respectively. According to this hypothesis, the name means the place "where the houses are finished," a possible allusion to the fact that this village was the first French capital in Basse Casamance. According to other sources, the name comes from "karam akam", which means "the other side of the river." These uncertainties are augmented by the instability of the spelling: Karabane with an initial K suggests a Jola or Wolof origin, while Carabane with a C would suggest a Latin derivation, most probably through Portuguese or French.
Geography.
Location.
With a total area of , Carabane is the last major island in the mouth of the Casamance River in south-west Senegal. It is situated 12° 32' N latitude and 16° 43' W longitude and is, by way of Elinkine, nearly away from Ziguinchor, the capital of the region of the same name, and a little over from Dakar, the country's capital.
""Il faut s'armer de patience pour rejoindre l'île de Carabane"" is a common French phrase which means "One must have patience to reach the island of Carabane". While this adage continues to hold true, it was even more appropriate in the 19th century when, according to one traveller, a 26-hour boat trip from Rufisque (near Dakar) to Carabane was deemed fairly short, and was credited to a favourable wind. Basse Casamance is more readily accessible than in the 19th century, although there is no direct link by sea.
Despite the seemingly close proximity to its neighbouring communities, a motorized pirogue trip to Carabane from Elinkine, the nearest village, takes about thirty minutes; the trip once took an hour and a half by canoe. Carabane may also be accessed by a two- or three-hour boat trip from Ziguinchor. Travelling from Cap Skirring via Cachouane is also possible, but as a detailed map of the region would make clear, the channels of salt water are not easily navigated. Carabane's landing is located on a small peninsula on the northeastern coast of the island, which means that boats need to sail along a significant portion of the coast before being able to land.
Geology.
A recent geological formation, Carabane consists of a shoal and alluvium. The alluvium has developed because of the saltwater streams that cut across the shoal. As pointed out by early French observers, soils in the region are generally composed of sand and clay, differing in mixture and layer according to natural and human factors. However, Carabane seems to be composed entirely of sand. The lack of clay is the reason that architecture on the island employs straw wrapped around wooden frames more often than banco mud bricks. This type of architecture is also common in the villages of Mlomp and Seleki.
In this flat and marshy area, the branches and roots of mangrove trees form dams where deposits of oyster shells naturally accumulate along with mud and plant detritus. These tangles help retain soil, a process which expands the island where the power of tidal race would normally have the opposite effect.
Rising just over 2 m (7 ft), the southern portion of the island is partially flooded during the rainy season and totally submerged every few years. At low tide, mudflats are exposed so that boats with keels are forced to dock a considerable distance from the island. When arriving at Carabane, the "Joola" had to stop about 500 m (1500 ft) north of the village in 8 to 10 m (25–35 ft) of water.
The coastal erosion and salinization affecting the west of Senegal are also a source of concern on the island; signs of erosion have been observed in Carabane since 1849. The house of the government representative on the island has burned down twice; each time it was rebuilt, the site of the building had to be moved further and further inland. The island's erosion is evident when one considers that the original location of the house eventually became flooded, even at low tide. During the dry season the river has a tide-dominated delta, with tidewater reaching 200 km upstream, while it is being concentrated 50% by evaporation.
Using wells, freshwater is available at a reasonable depth for irrigation and domestic purposes. Until the installation of a pump in 2006, however, drinking water had to be sent by boat from Elinkine.
Climate.
The tropical climate of Basse Casamance cycles between a dry season and a wet season, which usually starts in June and ends in October. Because of the proximity to the ocean, the humidity of the air remains above 40% and contributes to the abundance of vegetation. With the trade winds from the Azores High, the island enjoys a pleasant climate year-round. In the north to north-east, these winds are cool and always wet. Their presence is appreciated by kitesurfers. Agricultural activities, including rice cultivation, depend entirely on rainfall. ""Wah uŋejutumu, emit elaatut"" is a Jola proverb which means "If a project will not be completed, it will be because the rain did not fall." The invocation of fetishes when there is no rain is part of traditional animist rituals. In recent decades, there has been a general decline in rainfall, which threatens rice production, increases soil salinity, and contributes to the degradation of the mangroves. In May and June, air temperature is around . In January and February, the coldest months, it is around . Temperatures of below are quite rare. In September, the temperature of surface seawater is .
Flora.
At one time, the island was considered an arid location, where coconuts were the only useful plants likely to flourish and vegetables were difficult to produce. In what has become a tropical climate, vegetation is more abundant than in the north of the country, especially during the wet season. Anxious to attract the attention of the French colonial administration which he judged insufficiently involved in the development of Casamance, administrator Emmanuel Bertrand-Bocandé submitted a report which documented in great detail the plant species then present on the island. Although this report was written in 1849, the information it contains has remained valuable even into the 21st century.
Most of Carabane is covered in mangroves, forming an impassable jungle that can only be crossed in constructed passages. Mangroves are among the few species capable of adapting to the highly saline environment, where the quantity of oxygen in the soil is low. In recent decades there has been concern that the mangroves are less prevalent. There are various reasons for the degradation, including crustaceans and the unregulated exploitation of wood. Efforts have been made to safeguard the mangroves and to educate children about their importance.
Tourists are not as attracted to the island for its mangroves as for the coconut trees which line its beaches, as featured on many of Carabane's postcards. These palm trees are a valued resource on the island.
While not as plentiful as in other parts of Basse Casamance such as Mlomp, kapok trees are nonetheless present. Their grey wood is very light and easy to work, for which reasons it is used to construct many items, ranging from doors to dugouts. Jola canoes, which range from in length, are carved by adzes entirely out of one tree each, unlike the traditional Senegalese pirogue.
As for fruit trees, mangos and oranges are the most populous. Prickly pears, flamboyants, and colourful bougainvilleas brighten the scenery of hotels and camps on the island. Various organizations have contributed to the deforestation of the island.
Fauna.
The wide variety of birds in Basse Casamance was noted by early explorers. While Basse Casamance National Park and Kalissaye Avifaunal Reserve have not been open for years due to the Casamance Conflict, Carabane has been found to be very conducive to ornithological observation. A study in 1998 discovered the following species on the island: African Darter ("Anhinga rufa"), Goliath Heron ("Ardea goliath"), Palm-nut Vulture ("Gypohierax angolensis"), Black-tailed Godwit ("Limosa limosa"), Whimbrel ("Numenius phaeopus"), Eurasian Curlew ("Numenius arquata"), Caspian Tern ("Sterna caspia"), Blue-spotted Wood-dove ("Turtur afer"), Red-eyed Dove ("Streptopelia semitorquata"), White-rumped Swift ("Apus caffer"), Woodland Kingfisher ("Halcyon senegalensis"), Grey-backed Camaroptera ("Camaroptera brachyura"), Red-bellied Paradise-flycatcher ("Terpsiphone rufiventer"), Pied Crow ("Corvus albus"), Black-rumped Waxbill ("Estrilda troglodytres") and Yellow-fronted Canary ("Serinus mozambicus").
Fish are plentiful in the waters surrounding the island, where one may encounter trevallies ("Carangidae"), Giant African threadfins ("Polydactylus quadrifilis"), great barracudas ("Sphyraena barracuda"), or African red snappers ("Lutjanus agennes"). The mangroves are home to many crustaceans such as southern pink shrimp ("Farfantepenaeus notialis"), sand fiddler crabs ("Uca pugilator"), and molluscs. The shellfish population consists mostly of mangrove oysters ("Crassostrea gasar"), which cling to uncovered mangrove roots at low tide. The red-headed agama and monitor lizard make up the reptilian population of the island.
The sandbar of Carabane has very few mammals other than pets, although the French first noted the presence of monkeys in 1835. In 1870, other settlers noted with disgust that the natives often ate monkeys and dogs. In the early 21st century, Bottlenose Dolphins ("Tursiops truncatus") are commonly sighted off the island. The lack of tourism because of the civil unrest and the sinking of the "Joola" has benefited biodiversity. In this way, the nearby Basse Casamance National Park, which has been closed for years, has seen a remarkable return of Nile crocodiles ("Crocodylus niloticus"), Senegalese manatees ("Trichechus senegalensis"), and breeding birds.
On an island called "Ilha dos Mosquitos" (Portuguese for "Mosquito Island"), the natives and their visitors continue to protect themselves with mosquito nets and Shea butter. They must also protect themselves from other, smaller insects which are no less troublesome: black flies ("Simulium").
History.
First inhabitants.
The traditions of the local peoples are unanimous in affirming that the oldest inhabitants of Casamance are the Bainuk people and that the left bank of the mouth of the river was first populated by the Jola. Portuguese sailors reached the west African coast in the 15th century, and in the 16th century, Portuguese traders became active in the Casamance region, mostly in search of wax, ivory, and slaves. They did not linger on "Mosquito Island", instead founding their first trading post at Ziguinchor in 1645.
In the late 1820s, a mulatto trader from Gorée, Pierre Baudin, moved to Itou and began planting rice and producing lime by crushing the shells of mangrove oysters and cooking them in lime kilns. The French administration treated Baudin as their representative on the island and did not send others because few of the French wanted to live on the island. Being wet and marshy, Carabane had a reputation for its poor sanitation. The local economy was based mainly on weedy rice, which was sold in Ziguinchor or to the British in The Gambia. The Baudin family used slaves to produce the rice and, despite the declaration of its official abolition in the French colonial empire in 1848, slavery continued on the island until the early 20th century.
The colonial administration wanted to expand its influence around the river, particularly because the inhabitants of Gorée were threatened with losing part of their resources with the imminent demise of the slave trade, and also because of their competition with Saint-Louis. On January 9, 1836, Lieutenant Malavois, who was in charge of Gorée, left for Casamance in search of a site for a trading post. The tip of Diogue, on the north shore, was first considered, but at the refusal of the Jola, it was the opposite bank which was eventually accepted.
French colonization.
On January 22, 1836, the island was ceded to France by the village leader of Kagnout at an annual cost of 196 francs. Still, another treaty made Sédhiou the primary trading post of Casamance, and the exploitation of Carabane was left for some time in the hands of the Baudin family, first Pierre then his brother Jean. Each successively took on the title of Resident. With this official but ambiguous title, they were permitted to continue their trading operation so long as they regularly reported to France.
When Jean Baudin fell into disgrace due to a serious incident involving an English ship, he was replaced as Resident in October 1849 by Emmanuel Bertrand-Bocandé. This multilingual, enterprising businessman and entomologist from Nantes transformed "his" island, sparking a resurgence of commercial and political activity. In 1852, the population surpassed 1,000 inhabitants. A cadastral map assigned tracts of to traders and contractors. Other tracts of were allotted for housing. Provisional concessions were granted to residents of Saint-Louis and Gorée. Other than settlers, the island was mainly inhabited by animist Jola famers, whose practices were disconcerting to the settlers. Coexistence was not always easy. Christianity was practiced by the Europeans and some of the residents of Gorée, although the island did not yet have a church. Missionaries tried but were not permitted to settle on the island.
The construction of a wharf long allowed the berthing of larger vessels coming in from Casamance. A railed pier was built along the river in order to facilitate the transfer of goods. Carabane exported rice, but also cotton, considered to be of poor quality, which was ginned in a factory built by Bertrand-Bocandé in 1840, owned first by Maurel & Prom and then by the Casamance Company. The factory also produced almonds and crabwood ("Carapa procera").
Bertrand-Bocandé became involved in local African politics during his time as Resident. When an intertribal conflict led to an armed raid of Carabane, he mediated the conflict. In 1850, the island's economic growth was disturbed because of an extensive livestock raid which precipitated further incidents the following year. In response to this conflict with the former owners of Carabane, the residents of Kagnout, Bertrand-Bocandé convinced the governor of Senegal to send a warship to Carabane to frighten off the raiders. This single ship failed to faze the island's opponents, therefore Bertrand-Bocandé requested a detachment of soldiers and several other ships from the governor. When these reinforcements arrived from Gorée, the conflict was successfully ended. A treaty was signed on March 25, establishing the sovereignty of France not only in Casamance, but also in Kagnout and Samatit. For his involvement in the conflict, Bertrand-Bocandé was accepted into the "Légion d'honneur" and was given a land concession. Bertrand-Bocandé left the island in 1857 for a leave of absence, but he abandoned his post as Resident in 1860. His tireless activity had a lasting effect on the island.
Meanwhile, the inhabitants of the new French territory did not recognize the authority of the treaties imposed upon them. For this reason, rice farmers in Carabane experienced lootings and abductions by the Karoninka people. Troops led by Émile Pinet-Laprade attacked the Karoninka villages in March 1860, forcing them to submission. A period of calm ensued. While the Mandinka Muslims continued, illegally, to practice slavery and trade, non-Muslim villages tended to come together, accepting the Resident of Carabane as the arbitrator of their disagreements.
In 1869, Carabane became autonomous, but it merged with Sédhiou in 1886. Its garrison of a dozen men was regularly stricken with tropical diseases such as malaria. In 1877, 527 people were counted on the island, mostly Jola, but also some Wolofs, Muslims, and a few Manjacks from Portuguese Guinea.
The first Catholic mission in Sédhiou was founded in 1875 and the first baptisms were celebrated that same year in Carabane. There were 17 people baptised in total, most of whom were residents of the island. The Holy Ghost Fathers' mission in Carabane was founded in 1880 by Father Kieffer. On February 22, he settled on the island, but he served for only two years. The staff of the colonial administration was small: the manager of a customs post with four employees, a gunner, a corporal, and six European tirailleurs. There were approximately 250 Christians in Carabane, mostly mulattos. The priest built his house out of Palmyra Palm trunks. He visited nearby villages and sometimes went to Sédhiou. The founding of the mission in Carabane was followed by others in Ziguinchor (1888), Elinkine (1891), and several nearby locations in the 20th century. In 1900, a Spiritan missionary, Father Wintz, wrote the first catechism in the Jola language.
Temporarily transferred to Ziguinchor, the Carabane mission closed in 1888. Missionaries returned in 1890 and, although they immediately expanded the church building, it was still not large enough to accommodate all those who wished to attend. Thanks to subsidies by the bishop, Magloire-Désiré Barthet, and to donations by the parishioners, a new church was built and inaugurated on the Catholic feast day of Saint Anne in 1897. The mission also obtained two adjacent properties, lot #73 on the cadastral map. By the following year, the Christian community had performed 1,100 baptisms, as well as many catechumen.
Competition between the French and the Portuguese began to show itself in the region during this period. Because the Portuguese-operated trading posts in Cacheu and Farim asked for higher prices than the French-operated trading posts in Carabane and Seju, the Portuguese lost many traders to the French. This trend led to the ceding of Ziguinchor to France, which was negotiated in Carabane in April 1888 between Commissioner Oliveira and Captain Brosselard-Faidherbe.
In 1901, the administrative capital of Casamance was transferred from Carabane to Ziguinchor, a status which was transferred in turn to Oussouye two years later. By 1904, Carabane had lost several of its amenities, including its customs services, which were centralized. The island's trading houses were abandoned and the number of Christians dwindled from 1,000 to 300 by 1907.
Despite the anti-clerical movement's growth in France at the time, education in Carabane continued to be administered by the Holy Ghost Fathers for the boys and by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Cluny for the girls. A chapel also continued to be run on the island.
In 1913, just before the outbreak of , Carabane suffered a fire which caused its business to decline. People gradually left the island in search of work in Ziguinchor and even Dakar. On December 1915, Marcel de Coppet, administrator of Ziguinchor, visited the island in order to recruit tirailleurs. Six inhabitants of the island accepted the position: a Christian, a pagan, and four Muslims.
In the aftermath of the Great War, the Roman Catholic Church encountered great difficulties in the region. There was insufficient staffing, the cost of living was rising, and the harsh climate began to wear on the buildings. In 1920, the diocese had, in addition to Carabane, thirteen churches and approximately thirty-five chapels. The thirteen churches were located in Dakar, Saint-Louis, Gorée, Rufisque, Thiès, Ngazobil, Joal, Fadiouth, Foundiougne, Kaolack, Ziguinchor, Bignona and Banjul. In 1922, the Governor decreed which buildings were authorized to practise Catholicism. While the Carabane church was one of the buildings selected, some members blamed the colonial administration for having facilitated the expansion of Islam in the country.
In taking leadership of the diocese, Archbishop Le Hunsec noted that the island of Carabane, heavily populated when trading was concentrated there, had lost its influence and now had fewer than 500 inhabitants. He considered transferring the mission to Oussouye, which became a reality in 1927. Starting in 1937, the mission in Oussouye also performed baptisms and funerals in Carabane.
In the same year, a reform school was created on the island, operating until 1953, when it was replaced by another in Nianing. A report submitted in 1938 by an educational advisor to Marcel de Coppet, Governor General of French West Africa, detailed the daily life of the prisoners in the school which housed up to 22 boys, mostly convicted for theft but also occasionally for murder.
Recent history.
Carabane's population continued to decline gradually after . In 1950, the construction of a seminary was planned in Carabane, but it was transferred to a new building in Nyassia in 1959. The Carabane mission closed its doors during the wet season of 1953, 83 years after its inception. The nuns and their interns moved to Ziguinchor.
Senegal's independence was declared on August 20, 1960, and after the dissolution of the short-lived Mali Federation, Casamance saw the arrival of officials coming from the north. Although many of them were Wolofs and Muslims, they did not know the Jola country and its traditions. The periods of drought that ravaged the Sahel in the 1970s forced peanut farmers to move to regions where rice was all that grew.
Discontent began to spread among the people, which sometimes escalated to violence. Casamance has since experienced years of conflict which put local initiatives in jeopardy, such as nature reserves and the first network of villages. In 1998, in the middle of the conflict, the French commune of Bon-Encontre committed to providing Carabane with humanitarian aid, both economically and culturally. Carabane has remained one of the calmest areas of Casamance throughout the conflict. Nonetheless, a few small incidents were reported around April 2000. The rebels may have wanted to take advantage of Carabane's reputation to attract media attention.
The ceasefire of 2004 brought relative peace, but in the meantime, the sinking of the "Joola" in 2002 claimed the lives of many inhabitants of Carabane and curtailed much of its ability to engage in trade and accept tourists. Considering the problems brought on by the conflict and the sinking of the "Joola" along with the threat of coastal erosion on the island, some fear the worst. Thus, after years of development and community outreach, Carabane is experiencing difficulties in a number of ways.
Society.
Administration.
Formerly an administrative district in its own right, even a regional capital, Carabane is now just one of 23 villages in the rural community of Diembéring, of which Kabrousse, Cap Skirring, and Boucott-Diembéring are the largest centres. This rural community is located in the Kabrousse Arrondissement. It is part of Oussouye Department, the smallest and least central of the three departments in Ziguinchor Region. In a country which includes some 13,000 villages, the village is considered, by a 1972 decree, the elementary entity in the administrative body of the nation. Each is administered by a leader, assisted by a council. After consultation, the nomination of a leader is established by the prefect and approved by the Minister of the Interior. Under Senegalese law, the leader of the village has certain prerogatives, including law enforcement, tax collection, and keeping of vital records in the village.
While this administrative structure was decreed by a government anxious to deal with interlocutors, such a restructuring has not taken place in Casamance. Jola society is devoid of any formal hierarchy. It has no leader with genuine permanent authority. Instead, there are village elders who meet when important decisions need to be made. According to Italian anthropologist Paolo Palmeri, the leader of the village has very little power in reality, as he is merely responsible for relations with the national administration. He simply allows the village to continue practicing its traditions. In a society where politics are inextricably linked to religion, the real holders of power are the fetish priests. The very notion of a village is almost inappropriate in this context: it might be more appropriately considered a clan or an aggregation of kinship. Other specialists, such as Christian Sina Diatta, compare Jola communities to those of mound-building termites, in which each member performs a specific function and where the queen is easily replaceable.
Population.
In 2003, the village of Carabane's official population count stood at 396 people and 55 households, but it fluctuates with the seasons and sometimes reaches some 1,750 people, according to local sources. Most of the population is Jola. The Jola are very distinct from other major ethnic groups in Senegal by their language, egalitarian society, freedom from political hierarchy, and lack of slavery. Their traditions have persevered because of their independent spirit as well as their geographical isolation. This ethnic group accounts for 80 to 90% of the residents of Basse Casamance, but only 6 to 8% of the total population of Senegal. They are the largest ethnic group in Carabane, followed by Wolofs, Lebous, and Serers (including Niominka fishermen). Manjacks also live on the island, some of whom came from Saint-Louis and Gorée at the time of the first colonization. Two communities from neighbouring countries, one from Guinea (the Susu people) and the other from Guinea-Bissau, have settled on the other side of the island at a distance from the village. There are also seasonal workers who come to fish: Ghanaians, Guineans, and Gambians.
The indigenous population was originally animist, but while the fetishes and sacred groves dedicated to initiation rites such as boukout survive as cultural icons of Casamance, the monotheistic belief systems of Catholicism and Islam have become the most widely held in Carabane. The 1988 census reported that Muslims account for 94% of the population of Senegal, but only 26.5% of the population of Oussouye Department, where Carabane is located. Still, this department is largely rural, while Carabane has historically supported great ethnic diversity. Islam has not been practiced by Wolof and Serer fishermen since the 19th century, but the colonial administration brought with it many translators, guides, and secretaries from Dakar, many of whom were Muslim. The arrival of fishermen from heavily Islamized communities has accentuated this trend.
Education and health.
Founded in 1892, the Carabane school was one of the first in the region. It began as an all-boys school, but in 1898, three nuns belonging to the indigenous congregation of the Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary began teaching classes for girls. Soon, there were 60 students. A school infrastructure description in the region in 1900 reveals that the boys' school in Carabane was open from December to August each year, and that holidays ran from September to November, when parents needed their children in the fields to help cultivate rice. In 1903, when Carabane lost its status as capital, the school was instructing 63 boys and 102 girls. In 1914, it had only 56 boys and 26 girls, a situation similar to that in Bignona.
Carabane has a new primary school, École François Mendy, inaugurated on January 21, 2006, hosting six classes. The literacy rate is approximately 90%. Students may continue their studies at the middle school in Elinkine, the Aline Sitoe Diatta High School in Oussouye, and then a university in either Dakar or Ziguinchor. Carabane's kindergarten is located in a community house, called "House of Women and Children," founded in 1988 under the auspices of Caritas Ziguinchor.
In 1895, the government established a medical post in Carabane, but it closed the following year. In 1898, the Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary opened a clinic at the same time as the girls' school.
As of 2010, the village has a health facility which is connected to that of Oussouye and Ziguinchor. It provides vaccinations, family planning consultations, and prenatal information. A maternity hospital was founded in 1991 which is decorated with a fresco by Malang Badji, one of the most famous artists in the region.
The Ph.D. thesis published in 2003, "La part de l'autre: une aventure humaine en terre Diola", meaning "Part of the Other: A Human Adventure in Jola Territory," describes the health challenge present on the island in a more general context.
In particular, the location of the island does not allow easy access to serious or urgent medical assistance. There is a pirogue-ambulance for the transportation of people off the island in the case of medical emergencies.
Economy.
The testimonies of explorers and colonial administrators demonstrate that Carabane has participated in rice cultivation, fishery, trade, and palm wine production for centuries. The island experienced a decline in the 20th century, when Ziguinchor emerged as the regional capital, and more recently because of the negative economic consequences resulting from the Casamance Conflict and the "Joola" tragedy. Because of these recent difficulties, the sale of local products in the capital is only possible if they are transported first by boat and then by bush taxi, a combined journey of 9–12 hours. Carabane is seeking out new economic possibilities, particularly through the revival of tourism.
Transportation and energy.
From the colonizers' perspective, Carabane's position at the mouth of the river was an undeniable asset. In the 20th and 21st centuries, in terms of trade and tourism issues, this location is more of a disadvantage because it effectively separates the island from the rest of the country. The problem was compounded by the Gambian enclave and the sinking of the "Joola".
While a direct route by sea has not been available since the sinking of the "Joola", the traveller from Dakar may use various other means of transportation in order to arrive in Basse Casamance. Some national roads connect to Ziguinchor, down the N1 to Kaolack. The N4 and N5 roads cross the Gambia (both the country and the river), the former running through Nioro du Rip to Farafenni, and the latter crossing the river to Banjul. The two roads merge in Bignona before descending to Ziguinchor. However, traffic is forbidden on both roads between 7 p.m. and 10 a.m., and the routes are subject to frequent accidents and constant demining operations. Alternatively, it is possible to travel by plane to the airport in Ziguinchor or Cap Skirring, or to travel by boat to one of these locations. Reaching Carabane from either town is relatively straightforward.
By boat, the distance between Dakar and Carabane is , although Ziguinchor is only away. Before the launch of the "Joola", other boats, mostly well-worn ones, made the connection: first "Cap Skirring", then the "Casamance Express", and then "Island Karabane". In January 1991, a brand new ferry went into operation. Like its predecessors, it connected Dakar to Ziguinchor, stopping near Carabane where canoes could reach the island. On September 26, 2002, 180 extra passengers boarded the already overloaded ship at this stop, and a few hours later, the "Joola" sank. For security reasons, the "Joola"'s successor, the "Wilis", stopped calling at Carabane, to the great displeasure of the inhabitants. Tourists have been rare since then, and from time to time, inhabitants of the island have found it necessary to move to Dakar or Ziguinchor. Significant modifications to the MV "Aline Sitoe Diatta", which replaced the "Wilis" in March 2008, are under consideration to allow it to stop safely at the island. The construction of a berth was announced, but a projected completion date has not been set.
By the beginning of 2008, the island still did not have a power grid. Public lighting employs solar energy, and the hotels and some of the houses use diesel generators. Although wide roads were constructed on the island when urban-scale growth was predicted, there are still no cars to make use of them.
Agriculture and aquaculture.
Rice cultivation.
In Basse Casamance, the rice cycle structures the lives of the population and plays a central economic and religious role. The Jola, who constitute 80 to 90% of the population of Basse Casamance, practice a unique form of rice cultivation. Descriptions of the techniques used in the late 15th century, recorded by the first Portuguese explorers, show them to be similar to those still in use, particularly with respect to flooding and transplanting. Only the varieties of rice have changed.
The basic tool used is the "kayendo", a kind of wooden spade or shovel ranging from , surrounded by a sharp wrought iron blade and attached to a very long, straight, cylindrical neck. The two parts are connected by strips of torn Palmyra Palm leaves. The main part is manufactured from a very hard wood measuring in length. The "kayendo" is mainly used to plough rice fields, but is also used for other purposes, such as excavation and construction. Men perform the clearing and ploughing while the women take care of the sowing, replanting, and weeding as well as the harvesting between October and January.
An even checkerboard plot model dominates the green landscape during the rainy season, which becomes more austere after harvest. The rice fields differ only in terms of soil type and location. Where mangroves are populous, such as in Carabane, the rice paddy fields between them must be protected from the channels of saltwater which overflow during high tide. Rice farmers must therefore build levees, dig ditches, and create ponds. The fish and shrimp which subsequently become trapped are harvested at the end of the rainy season, when the basins are emptied. The plots of land which were safeguarded from flooding are then cleared and ploughed. Several years of drainage are required to desalinate the soil.
Although practised in Basse Casamance for centuries, rice cultivation has been threatened since the late 1960s. Productivity has declined because many workers have opted for life in the city, even though they continue to support their community. The drought of the 1970s and 1980s further aggravated the situation.
Millet and vegetables are among some of the other crops grown in Carabane. A few domestic farm animals such as pigs are raised, but they are normally left to roam free.
Palm oil and palm wine.
Among the agricultural activities practised during the dry season, which halts work in the rice fields, the most traditional are those related to the exploitation of African oil palm ("Elaeis guineensis"), which provides two products which are very popular in the region: palm oil and palm wine. Palm oil is an essential ingredient in local cuisine. As a carefully preserved condiment, it is combined with plain rice on holidays. The oil comes from the fruit clusters which are picked by men and then deseeded, allowed to dry, crushed in a mortar, and boiled by women.
Palm wine (called "bunuk" or "bounouk" in the Jola language) is an alcoholic drink derived from the natural fermentation of palm sap, so is not strictly a wine, which is produced by the fermentation of grapes. The recent partial Islamization of the region has not challenged its consumption. Fruit clusters are collected exclusively by the men. Supported by a strap, the harvester climbs the tree, cuts the bud, and holds out a funnel which allows the resulting fluid to flow drip by drip into an elongated calabash or, more recently, a bottle. The alcohol content of palm wine develops throughout the day. The locals consume large quantities on a daily basis, and even more at banquets and ceremonies dedicated to fetishes. Palm wine is often traded for rice or sold in the city. Many Jola proverbs attest the popularity of the drink, such as "Bunuk abajut birto", which means "With palm wine, one never stands up," or "Ulako, kumusaet jígabulaju", which means "Sit down, don't spill the palm wine."
Aquaculture.
The island's proximity to the river and the ocean suggests that the area is suited to fishing and related activities, yet the indigenous people, mostly land-dwellers, have long been content to practise artisan fishing, just to supply their own daily needs. Pirogues cut from the trunks of kapok trees are most often used, along with traps, nets, baskets, and fences. In the early 20th century, experienced fishermen from other parts of Senegal, along with others from Mali, Guinea, and Ghana, developed deep-sea fishing on the island and introduced new equipment.
The collection of shellfish, especially oysters, is another traditional activity which still takes place in Casamance, which is one of three oyster-producing regions in Senegal, along with Petite Côte and Sine-Saloum. Oysters collect on the roots of mangrove trees which are uncovered at low tide. They are harvested during the dry season, mainly by women, who control, from harvest to distribution, an activity that requires little investment and provides them with some financial independence. Oysters are an important component of the family diet. Rich in dietary minerals and vitamin C, they are the second largest source of animal protein among the Jola people after fish, followed by chicken, and pork. Oysters are readily associated with rice, the staple food, and in times of shortage, even replace it. Locally, oysters are boiled or grilled on a wood fire and consumed with a spicy sauce. Those destined for sale or preservation, however, are sun-dried or smoked. In some villages, including Carabane, they are kept alive for several weeks before being transported to market. Oysters are also a source of income, and Carabane is located in the center of the collection zone, which is one of the reasons why boats formerly called at the island. Oysters were once easily transported from Carabane to Dakar, where they were either sold by the pickers themselves or by hawkers.
Crustaceans, such as sand fiddler crabs and shrimp, among the mangroves also occupy a significant place in the local economy. While a large number of shrimp species inhabit the Senegambian area, a single family exists in Casamance: Penaeidae. Southern pink shrimp ("Farfantepenaeus notialis") are the most commonly collected. They were traditionally caught as part of local artisan fishing by men, women, and children. Shrimp collection in the area experienced significant development in the 1960s, following the establishment of European industrial units. The local fishermen switched to this method, and there was an increased presence of fishermen from other areas. A study in 2005 revealed the extent to which the shrimp population in the region has been depleted, citing multiple causes, including diminishing rainfall, over-salinization of the estuary, and poorly controlled harvesting. Along with the mangrove degradation, the civil unrest, and the inadequate fishery regulation, Casamance has had to deal with the closure in 2003 of a major industrial complex in Ziguinchor which treated and exported shrimp and other crustaceans and employed more than 2,000 people.
Grouped into cooperatives, women play a leading role in the island's economy. Notably through microcredit, they engage in fishing-related activities, such as smoking fish and processing shrimp, oysters, and shellfish in general. As there is no industrial activity on the island (the closest such activity is in Ziguinchor), the island is experiencing a rural exodus of young people. They return to help their parents in the rice fields and participate in religious ceremonies during the dry season, but they tend to settle off the island permanently.
Tourism.
The Republic of Senegal placed an emphasis on tourism early in its history. The results were promising, and developing the industry further became a priority in the country's 4th Economic and Social Plan (1973–1977). Casamance subsequently became the main tourist destination in the country. Already having been described in the 19th century by Captain Brosselard-Faidherbe as a kind of Brazil in Africa, Carabane seemed well-placed to attract visitors in search of exoticism as well as vacationers seeking sandy beaches and kite surfing.
At the same time, national and even international controversy threatened the industry from the beginning. Those who opposed tourism in Senegal described it as a new form of colonialism while supporters saw it as a panacea that would cure the country of underdevelopment. The idea of alternative tourism was discussed. Several towns in Basse Casamance, including Carabane, were selected to test an integrated agritourism managed by the villagers themselves. In the early 1970s, the agritourism promoter Christian Saglio, a young French sociologist who later became the director of the Leopold Sedar Senghor French Institute in Dakar, believed in Carabane's potential. He stated that he wanted to make the island the "Gorée of Casamance", using it as a hub for other camps. Saglio suggested the restoration of old buildings and canopy beds.
Despite his fervour, Saglio's negotiations with the local people were unsuccessful. Niomoune and Carabane were the first two villages to attempt to apply this innovative approach, but both failed. The inhabitants were reluctant to participate, and the young inexperienced promoter had to abandon some of his ethnographic theories in favour of being careful to understand the daily realities of villages. The project was eventually abandoned, and the Catholic missions house was transformed by the nuns themselves into a modern, functional building. Despite the failure of Saglio's initiative in Carabane, agritourist camps were set up over the following decade in a dozen other nearby towns.
While Carabane's tourism sector has suffered because it has not taken part in the network of villages, tourists have avoided travelling to Casamance in general because of the civil unrest. The signing of a ceasefire in 2004 allowed tourism to resume, but not to the extent it had reached before the conflict.
Tour operators continue to advertise the island as a lost paradise surrounded by mangroves where travellers' exotic dreams come to life, but this type of discovery tourism is not as popular as traditional beach-related tourism. Thus, visitors from France, Spain, and Italy often combine tours of the "cases á impluvium" in Enampore or Mlomp with a few days of relaxation in Carabane. The area is also very conducive to the interests of fishing enthusiasts. Along the beach, small stalls offer traditional crafts and clothes at prices lower than those in Cap Skirring or Saly. Badji Malang, a local painter, potter, sculptor, and poet, has created a camp in the area.
Although remaining separate from the local tourism network, Carabane has demonstrated its support for social solidarity and holism by joining GENSEN (Global Ecovillage Network Senegal), a network of Senegalese ecovillages.
Historic sites.
Carabane has many historic sites, such as the Catholic mission house built in 1880 which has since been turned into a hotel, a Brittany-style church building which is no longer in use, and a former slave-trade building. There is also a French cemetery where a Troupes de marine-Captain with the name Aristide Protet was shot with a poisoned arrow and buried standing up in front of the sea, according to his last wishes. Some tour guides falsely claim that this was Auguste Léopold Protet, the founder of the city of Dakar, but the name Aristide Protet is clearly shown on the tomb's plaque.
Near the beach are ruins of buildings, pontoons, and wells, with a large tree in the center. A huge piece of metal in its midst bears the inscription "CEO Forrester & Co. Vauxhall Foundry. 18 Liverpool S3".
Carabane was added to the list of historic sites and monuments of Senegal in 2003. An application for Carabane to become a World Heritage Site was filed with UNESCO on November 18, 2005.
Inspired by Gorée's example, Carabane is attempting to pay homage to victims of slavery by starting a small museum like the House of Slaves. Historic research has not established with certainty the role that Carabane played in the African slave trade.
Like Gorée and Saint-Louis, Carabane places great importance on its cultural heritage. The architectural reminders of this heritage require significant restoration as they have experienced considerable degradation. In 1964, French anthropologist Louis-Vincent Thomas posed the question of whether Carabane should be preserved, and this question continues to be relevant. The local people suggest that the entire Diogue–Nikine–Carabane area needs saving.

</doc>
<doc id="20860142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860142" title="Project Runway Canada (season 2)">
Project Runway Canada (season 2)

The second season of Project Runway Canada, Global's reality competition show for fashion designers, was the first season to air on the Global network, since the show stopped airing on Slice. The season premiered on January 27, 2009.
The winner of Project Runway Canada Season 2 was Sunny Fong.
Contestants.
The 14 fashion designers competing in the second season were:
Challenges.
Note 1: Genevieve and Jason, after previously being eliminated, were brought back in Episode 9 with the requirement that their team had to win the challenge in order for them to remain in the competition.Note 2: Episode 11 featured the Final Three preparing their collection for Toronto Fashion Week. There was no judging or elimination in this episode.
Note: The models were not used in Episode 5. The models were not used in Episode 7.
Episode 1: Fashion is a Battlefield.
"Original Airdate:" January 27, 2009
14 designers took part in the second season of Project Runway. They stayed in Ottawa, Ontario. For their first challenge, they were given the task of making a ground-breaking design with various camouflage prints, and the winner of the challenge would have their design displayed in the Canadian War Memorial Museum. While designing, Jaclyn, who suffers from chronic insomnia had a panic attack caused by lack of sleep. She was taken to the hospital and withdrew from the competition. The next day, Danio's legs were in excruciating pain, and after a period of contemplation he also withdrew from the competition. On the runway show, Adejoké and Sunny's design impressed, while Jason, Christie and Camille's flopped. Camille was eliminated due to a lack of vision and technical skills. After three leave the competition, eleven designers remain.
Episode 2: Claim to Fame.
"Original Airdate:" February 3, 2009
The eleven remaining designers were charged with making a glamorous dress for a night out for Elisha Cuthbert, who would wear the winning look. Brandon had trouble coming up with a concrete idea, leading to his apparent plagiarism of Margarita's design. Margarita had trouble with her complicated design when the fabric stretched after being sewn. The two of them landed in the bottom two, she for her cheap look and he for his extremely short, figure-skater costume. Margarita was eliminated after Shawn Hewson turned to Elisha Cuthbert and told her he hoped she would never wear her dress.
Episode 3: Colour Me Right.
"Original Airdate:" February 10, 2009
The ten remaining designers were split into five groups of two:
After a presentation by the L'Oreal Paris team on their upcoming colors for Spring 2009, the teams were given the task of creating one day look and one glamorous evening look that matched the creative vision. The winning teams' designs and models would be featured in ad campaigns in Shoppers Drug Mart stores across the nation. From early on it was apparent that Christie and Jason were not working well together, arguing over everything from fabric choice to the complexity of the design. Jeff had planned an ambitious gown made of bias strips but ran out of time and had to glue them onto the muslin, which showed on the runway. The judges eventually chose to eliminate Christie, whose confusion and inability to produce a cohesive design proved to be her downfall, while Sunny and Baylor were recognized for their outstanding work.
Episode 4: Re-Fashioning the Houses.
"Original Airdate:" February 17, 2009
The nine remaining designers were split into three groups of three, each choosing a team leader and a fashion house:
The designers were then brought to a warehouse, where they were told that they would have to reconstruct three couture garments in the vein of their chosen house out of old clothing. Brandon immediately worried his teammates when he told them that he knew nothing about YSL, and Jessica had serious doubts about her leadership abilities and garment. Jason was forced to pad his model when the garment did not fit properly. In the end, Jessica's team was safe. The judges liked Sunny's team as a whole but thought Adejoké's garment was too safe, and disliked Kim's team but liked the direction of Baylor's design. Sunny was chosen for a second win in a row; the bottom two came down to Kim, whom the judges felt had led her team in the wrong direction with ready-to-wear rather than couture despite an interesting design, and Brandon, who did not seem to understand what couture meant or who the giants of fashion history were. Kim was saved for her technical skills, and Brandon was the fourth designer eliminated.
Episode 5: Something Old, Something New.
"Original Airdate:" February 24, 2009
The remaining designers were randomly paired up with recently divorced women, and given the task of taking their wedding dresses and redesigning them into something new based on their criteria. Kim and Jeff were initially worried due to a lack of fabric, while Baylor wasn't sure how to use his fabric. Jason sewed the name of his client's son inside her jacket as a special touch. Despite barely changing the garment, Jeff was deemed safe, as well as Genevieve. After an emotional outburst on the runway, Kim called Jeff out but Iman disagreed with her. Kim and Jason teamed up on Jeff in the waiting room. Sunny earned his third win in a row, while Baylor's poor use of a good fabric got him cut in a shocking elimination.
Episode 6: Hope Springs Eternal.
"Original Airdate:" March 3, 2009
The designers, in this episode, had to make a day-to-evening dress for Winners' Spring 2009 collection with $100 and one day to put it together, and the winning design would be sold in select Winners stores across Canada. Jeff decided to try an ambitious reversible dress with hand-stitched seams and cross-stitched details. This turned out to be a bad idea as he quickly ran out of time and was forced to glue on the fabric and draw the details in marker. On the runway he initially told the judges that the designs were sewn, but after being called out by fellow designers he admitted that he drew them on. In the end, Genevieve and Jeff were in the bottom two, Genevieve because the judges felt that her design was too 'night' and not enough 'day', and that she gave them too much lip when trying to explain herself, and Jeff for his uninspired, rushed creation. Jeff was ultimately eliminated.
Episode 7: Stick To It.
"Original Airdate:" March 10, 2009
The designers had to make a gown out of post-it notes. They were allowed to use fabric as a base, but no fabric was allowed to show. Instead of their regular models, the designers were paired with breast cancer survivors, as Post-It supports breast cancer research in Canada. Sunny struggled at first due to the fact that he had recently lost his father to cancer, but once again turned out an amazing design. Jessica, despite scrapping her original design in favour of a new one on the second day, won her second challenge in a row. The bottom two came down to Adejoké, whose overly complicated design had too many details and was unflattering, and Jason, whose overly embellished dress ended up looking simply like a pile of post-it notes walking down the runway. He was eliminated, despite a strong showing in previous challenges.
Episode 8: Return of the Supermodel.
"Original Airdate:" March 17, 2009
The final five designers had to make a dress for Canadian supermodel Coco Rocha to wear at a New York Fashion Week event (which turned out to be designer Zac Posen's party at Balthazar), having Victorianism and the Tudors as an inspiration. Genevieve and Kim, throughout the episode, expressed discontent with Jessica's favour from the judges, while Adejoké felt uninspired by the challenge. In the end the judges loved Sunny's eclectic, inspired piece, especially after he produced something entirely different than what he had been making in previous challenges. The final two were Kim, whose over-the-top design was unflattering and poorly constructed, and Genevieve, who produced the same silhouette as in many other challenges and one that did not seem to fit the particular challenge. She was sent home for her uninspiring, tired design.
Episode 9: Gimme Shelter.
"Original Airdate": March 24, 2009
The final four designers are paired off into teams - Sunny and Jessica, and Kim and Adejoké - and are surprised to learn that Jason and Genevieve are back as a team in this next challenge. Each team had to make two outifts - one avant-garde, and one a ready-to-wear - out of camping materials such as tents and thermal blankets. Jason and Genevieve had to win this challenge, or they would be sent home again. All six designers, especially Jason and Genevieve, become fiercely competitive because the designers from the losing team will be eliminated. In the end, due to the high quality of the garments, the judges awarded a tie win between the teams of Sunny and Jessica, and Genevieve and Jason. Although the judges loved Adejoké's ready-to-wear design and construction, calling it her best ever on this show, Kim's sloppy construction of her outfit got both designers eliminated. 
Episode 10: Boardroom to Bedroom.
"Original Airdate": March 31, 2009
The final four designers - Sunny, Jessica, Jason and Genevieve - must create a modern take on the power suit. Tensions are high in the workroom, as all the designers worry about their abilities to create a tailored suit, and Jason resents Sunny for being considered the front-runner in the competition. Each designer struggles with this challenge: Jason wrestles over changing his shoulder-less jacket when mentor Brian hints that it is too much outside the box; Genevieve has difficulty tailoring her garment because she is more adept at draping; Sunny's creativity is initially lacking; and Jessica has difficulty with the sleeves and shoulders of her jacket. While initially thrilled at being given extra time to complete their outfits, the designers are dismayed to discover that they must create a second outfit: lingerie. During judging, the judges praise Sunny's suit for its unique perspective, beautiful lines and tailoring, admire Jason's jacket, fault Jessica for the poor tailoring around the shoulders, and fault Genevieve for her dated design and poor tailoring. The bottom two are Genevieve and Jessica, and Genevieve is sent home.
Episode 11: The Final Three.
"Original Airdate": April 7, 2009
The final three designers - Sunny, Jessica and Jason - are given six months to construct a 12-piece collection for a runway show at Toronto's Fashion Week. With eight weeks until the show, the designers are discouraged when mentor Brian criticizes their garments. However, later, with two days until the show, they are relieved that Brian approves of their collections. Their relief is momentary; the designers learn they must each create an evening gown for Cheryl Hickey that will be the thirteenth outfit of their collection, and that she will wear it while walking in the runway show. Several eliminated designers are randomly assigned to assist in the creation of the gown - Brandon is paired with Jason, Jeff with Sunny, and Kim with Jessica. Sunny utilizes Jeff's unique talent for hand-stitching; thus, Jeff redeems himself after being previously eliminated for a dress where he drew on hand-stitching with marker. Jessica is upset to work with Kim because Kim had insulted Jessica and her work multiple times; however, the tension is resolved when Kim apologizes to Jessica. Brandon and Jason's pairing appears to be a good match, until Jason decides to model the gown after one of Brandon's designs from his Fall 2009-2010 collection. Brandon mentions this development to Brian, who then demands from Jason an explanation for his pilfering of Brandon's design. The episode ends with Jason's stunned silence and the words "to be continued..."
Episode 12: Toronto Fashion Week (Finale).
"Original Airdate": April 14, 2009
The three finalists showed their collections at LG Fashion Week in Toronto to determine the winner of Project Runway Canada. The judges were pleased with all three collections, but at the same time, felt that Jason's collection showed little versatility and that he had trouble with his inspiration. Jessica showed several amazing pieces. Shawn Hewson said that her first outfit was very J.Lo. The judges acknowledged her improvement throughout the show, but questioned the technical aspects of some of her designs and the cohesiveness of her collection. Once again, Sunny impressed the judges with his collection inspired by Alexander the Great, prompting Iman to call him "Sunny the Great" before the judges unanimously declared him the winner of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20860186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860186" title="Jean Saint-Fort Paillard">
Jean Saint-Fort Paillard

Jean Saint-Fort Paillard (4 August 1913 – 16 January 1990) was a French military officer, equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20860212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860212" title="Boycie Nelson">
Boycie Nelson

Boycie Nelson is a New Zealand rugby league footballer and coach who currently co-coaches the Glenora Bears. His position of preference was in the Centres and he also kicked goals.
New Zealand.
Boycie grew up playing rugby league, playing for the Glenora Bears in the Auckland Rugby League competition.
Nelson was signed by the Auckland Warriors and played in their Colts side in the 1995 Lion Red Cup.
In 1996 he was involved in the Waitakere City Raiders side that lost the Lion Red Cup grand final, despite Boycie scoring three tries. He was then selected in the Lion Red Cup XIII that played against the touring Papua New Guinea team.
England.
In 1997 Boycie traveled to England and joined the Widnes Vikings. Here he played alongside fellow Glenora players Ben Lythe, who would also later join the Warriors, and Brian Jellick who later became a Kiwi and played for the North Queensland Cowboys.
In 1998 Nelson returned to the Glenora Bears. He represented Auckland in the 1998 domestic season and toured Papua New Guinea with the New Zealand Māori.
Warriors.
In 1999 he was signed by the Auckland Warriors and played five games in the National Rugby League. During 1999 Nelson also played for the Glenora Bears in the Auckland Rugby League competition and represented Auckland North in the National Provincial competition.
World Cup.
Nelson was selected for the Aotearoa Māori squad at the 2000 Rugby League World Cup. He played two games for the Māori at the tournament and scored two tries. He also toured Australia with the New Zealand Residents in 2000.
Bartercard Cup.
After ending his connections with the Warriors, Boycie returned to New Zealand Domestic competition and played for the Otahuhu Leopards in the new Bartercard Cup competition. He remained with the side until the end of the 2003 season.
France.
In 2004 he played for Limoux Grizzlies in their successful Challenge Cup run, which was ended by an 80-20 loss to Wigan in round five. He scored the first and the third try for Limoux, David Cenet scored the other one. He also played the final of the French cup in 2005 with "XIII Limouxin" which is the real name of Limoux's club since 2001. He stayed 3 seasons in France playing only for Limoux, he helped the club on signing his friend Brian Jellick, and some other Kiwi players. He also helped on coaching young teams.
Back in New Zealand.
Boycie later played for the Waitakere Rangers in the Bartercard Cup, and again represented the New Zealand Māori in 2006, playing in the Pacific Cup.
He later joined the police and in 2008 represented the New Zealand Police at the inaugural Police World Cup. He played for the Glenora Bears in the 2010 Fox Memorial and in 2012 is a co-coach at the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20860240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860240" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 50 (2007)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 50 (2007)

Ballot Measure 50 was a legislatively referred state statute ballot measure for the November 06, 2007 special election ballot in the state of Oregon. This measure would have increased the tobacco tax and dedicated the new revenue to providing health care for children, low-income adults and other medically underserved Oregonians, and to fund tobacco prevention and education programs. The proposal would have increased the tax on cigarettes by 84.5 cents per pack, and increased the tax on other tobacco products.
The purpose of the fund would have been to finance the Healthy Kids Program created by the 2007 legislature to provide affordable health care for uninsured children. The measure would have funded tobacco prevention programs, safety net clinics, rural health care and health care for Oregon’s lowest income families and individuals through the Oregon Health Plan. The campaigns for and against the measure spent the most money ever on a ballot measure election in the state's history. Because the measure did not pass, these health care programs were not expanded, and the Healthy Kids Program did not become law.

</doc>
<doc id="20860253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860253" title="2008 Gaza Strip bombings">
2008 Gaza Strip bombings

2008 Gaza Strip bombings may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20860277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860277" title="Audio Signal Processor">
Audio Signal Processor

The Audio Signal Processor or ASP (also known as the SoundDroid) is a large-scale digital signal processor developed by James A. Moorer at Lucasfilm's The Droid Works. He programmed a number of Digital signal processing algorithms that were used in major motion picture features. Sounds processed by the ASP were used in the THX logo's Deep Note, Return of the Jedi, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20860279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860279" title="Sylvie von Ziegesar">
Sylvie von Ziegesar

Sylvie von Ziegesar (21 June 1785 - 13 February 1858) was a German woman active in the intellectual circles of Weimar Classicism. She was a friend of the painter Louise Seidler and the intellectual Pauline Gotter the subject of Goethe's poem "To Sylvie von Ziegesar".

</doc>
<doc id="20860287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860287" title="7861 (song)">
7861 (song)

"7861" is a song by Metalcore band Beneath the Sky. It is from the 2007 album "What Demons Do to Saints".
This particular song shares a similarity in pace with "Our Last Road" and "Being in a Coma Is Hell Carried On". 
The song talks about a person, someone close to the singer, Joey Nelson, committing suicide. As the lyrics state, "What made you decide that the only way was the wrong way?" The lyrics then momentarily questions several reasons for the suicide, "Was it the thought of failure, or was it the girl, or was it the drugs that became your friends that night?" the lyrics "7861 blackthorne" refer to 7861 Blackthorne Drive, the address of the lead singers friend as well as where his body was found. 
Live performance.
As somewhat of a tradition, whenever the band performs 7861 they let fans go as far as joining the band on stage for a choir-style performance for the opening lyrics.
Music video.
In the beginning of the music video a young boy dressed all black with long dark hair walks up to a mailbox. The mailbox is marked, with a sticker, "7861" printed in black on it. The boy takes out a letter labeled "7861 Blackthorne" and "URGENT" and puts it in the mail box. As he is walking away a police car pulls up to the house and two policemen enter the house. Clips of the band playing and Joey singing are displayed throughout all of this. As the policemen enter the house they take their jackets off and enter another room, passing under a curtain. Then it switches the screen to the band playing for a brief second until we come back to seeing the policemen take down a presumably dead person from a noose and setting him on the ground. As they check the man for identification one policeman finds the letter from the beginning in the mans pocket. Upon opening the letter very briefly the lyrics being sung are readable on the paper. The policemen start reading the letter and as one reads he points to the noose. As they are reading the coroners enter the house. The letter is again briefly shown along with portions of the band playing and the police and coroners doing their work. The man is then covered with a white sheet as the boy from earlier on enters the house. As he walks into the room all four men look up to see him. He kneels down next to the dead body as one of he policemen try to stop him but his partner says otherwise. Kneeling next to the man the boy looks solemn. The boy then reaches down and puts his hand on the dead man's forehead nearing the end of the song. The dead man then lifts his head and torso, apparently defeating death and coming back to life, making the police and coroners step back. The song then ends as Joey says "Just cut your rope!".

</doc>
<doc id="20860295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860295" title="Parceria dos Viajantes">
Parceria dos Viajantes

Parceria dos Viajantes is the eighteenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 2007. the album features several famous Brazilian artists, like Zélia Duncan, Daniela Mercury and Pitty, as well as American singer-songwriter Alana Marie.

</doc>
<doc id="20860303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860303" title="Pauline Gotter">
Pauline Gotter

Pauline Gotter (29 December 1786 – 31 December 1854) was the second wife of Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling and a friend of Louise Seidler and Sylvie von Ziegesar.
Life.
Angelica Pauline Amalie Gotter was born on 29 December 1786. Her parents were the playwright, Privy Councilor ("Geheimrat") and archivist Friedrich Wilhelm Gotter and Louise Gotter (née Stiege). Her mother was a close friend of Caroline Schlegel (née Michaelis), while her father had been close friends with Johann Wolfgang von Goethe since his youth.
Pauline Gotter had two sisters and knew Goethe and Caroline Schlegel from childhood on. In her youth she was friends with Sylvie von Ziegesar and the painter Louise Seidler. Together with her friends, she had access to Jena's most elevated intellectual circles, which at that time comprised such creative minds as Friedrich Schiller, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, the Alexander brothers and Wilhelm von Humboldt, the brothers Friedrich and August Wilhelm Schlegel, Friedrich Tieck, Clemens Brentano, Voß, Paulus, Niethammer, Zacharias Werner and others.
Pauline Gotter loved her mother's friends. Caroline Schlegel was an intelligent woman who had sided with the French Revolution, and as a result was nearly arrested for treason. Her daughter, who was almost the same age as Pauline Gotter, was the first love of the philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling, a rising star in Jena's intellectual world, and a passionate follower of Johann Gottlieb Fichte. When she fell sick with dysentery in 1800, he tried desperately to find some means by which to stave off her death. Pauline Gotter and her family were forced to stand by as accusations were made of Schelling and rumors were spread. "Schelling," said Dorothea Veit, "had a hand in it." Jena's literary magazine, the "Jenaische Allgemeine Literaturzeitung," reported, "He cares for her 'flawlessly' and kills her 'honestly.'" Rumors, accusations, and gossip didn't die down, and August Wilhelm Schlegel and his wife Caroline divorced in 1803 at Goethe's behest. Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling married her two months later. They left Jena together in 1804 and moved to Würzburg, where Schelling received a teaching position at the university, and Caroline Schelling stood faithfully by her new husband's side.
In 1806 Pauline Gotter stayed with her friend Sylvie von Ziegesar in Karlsbad, where Goethe courted Ziegesar and dedicated some of his poems to her. Her friend Louise Seidler also enjoyed the favor of the German prince of poets, who instructed her to paint a portrait of him.
On 7 September 1809, Caroline Schelling (formerly Schlegel) died suddenly. Pauline Gotter and her family were very distraught at her death. They wrote letters and paid visits to Schelling in an effort to console him, but he became progressively more withdrawn and expressed growing criticism of science and of the church. This increasingly intimate correspondence lead to his engagement with Pauline Gotter.
On 11 June 1812, Pauline Gotter married Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling, who was eleven years her senior, and who was elevated to the nobility and invited to join to the Academy of Science in Munich in the same year. On 17 December 1813 their first child was born. Five more followed. One of their daughters was named Caroline, in honor of Friedrich's first wife. Pauline Schelling took charge of running the house and raising the children. Her letters possessed a natural, spirited grace, though they lacked the intellectual significance of his first wife's writings. She was in this respect no substitute for Caroline in Friedrich's eyes, and he grew unpersonable and withdrew rapidly into incoherent writings on mythology and irritated responses to Hegel as he ascended to scholarly fame.
Pauline Schelling died on 31 December 1854, four months after her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="20860304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860304" title="Arthur conjectures">
Arthur conjectures

In mathematics, the Arthur conjectures are some conjectures about automorphic representations of reductive groups over the adeles and unitary representations of reductive groups over local fields made by , motivated by the Arthur-Selberg trace formula.
Arthur's conjectures imply the generalized Ramanujan conjectures for cusp forms on general linear groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20860309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860309" title="WIVQ">
WIVQ

WIVQ (103.3 FM, "Q 103.3") is a radio station licensed to serve Spring Valley, Illinois, USA, serving the La Salle-Peru area. The station is owned by The Radio Group and the broadcast license is held by Mendota Broadcasting, Inc.
WIVQ broadcasts a contemporary hit radio music format as a simulcast with sister station WSTQ.
The station was assigned the WIVQ call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on February 26, 2001.
History.
WIVQ FM 103.3 began life as Talk Radio 103.3 FM WAIV in April 1994 according to the U.S. Federal Communications Commission's call sign database. It carried a right-wing talk format. In the spring of 1997 the station was sold along with co-owned WLRZ (now WBZG) from Crest Broadcasting to "The Radio Group" also known as Mendota Broadcasting. In July 1997 the station switched from all-talk to Light AC using ABC radio's star station format. It kept the AC format until March 6, 2000, at 9 PM when it dropped Light AC for the current top forty simulcast with WSTQ FM.

</doc>
<doc id="20860313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860313" title="Indiana Eastern Railroad">
Indiana Eastern Railroad

The Indiana Eastern Railroad is a short-line railroad in the U.S. states of Indiana and Ohio, operating a former Chesapeake and Ohio Railway line between Richmond, Indiana and Fernald, Ohio under lease from CSX Transportation. It began operations in 2005 as a subsidiary of the Respondek Railroad, and interchanges freight with CSX at Cottage Grove.
History.
The trackage operated by the IERR was completed in 1904 by the Chicago, Cincinnati and Louisville Railroad as part of a Cincinnati-Chicago line. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway of Indiana, a newly incorporated subsidiary of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O), acquired the line at foreclosure sale in 1910. In 1978, the Chessie System, owner of the C&O and Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O), closed the steep approach to downtown Cincinnati over Cheviot Hill in order to construct Queensgate Yard. Trains were rerouted to use the B&O's Indianapolis Subdivision via Hamilton, rejoining the C&O at Cottage Grove. The much flatter portion of the line between Cottage Grove and the Fernald Feed Materials Production Center was kept in service. In 2005, CSX, successor to the Chessie System, leased the line between Fernald and Richmond to the newly created Indiana Eastern Railroad, which began operations on August 29.

</doc>
<doc id="20860342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860342" title="Ivan Kalita (equestrian)">
Ivan Kalita (equestrian)

Ivan Aleksandrovich Kalita (; 14 January 1927 – 29 March 1996) was a Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. Kalita was the oldest Olympic participant from USSR (49 years and 197 days during 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal).

</doc>
<doc id="20860346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860346" title="National Liberal Federation">
National Liberal Federation

The National Liberal Federation (1877–1936) was the union of all English and Welsh (but not Scottish) Liberal Associations. It held an annual conference which was regarded as being representative of the opinion of the party’s rank and file and was broadly the equivalent of a present-day party conference.
Foundation.
The inaugural conference of the National Liberal Federation (NLF) was held in Bingley Hall, Birmingham with the objective of promoting Liberalism, encouraging the formation of new associations and the strengthening and democratising of existing local Liberal parties. The conference was chaired by Joseph Chamberlain and addressed by Liberal leader William Ewart Gladstone. New associations quickly formed throughout the country and affiliated to the NLF which was a coordinating body rather than one which operated a central control.
Purpose.
The task of the NLF was “to form new Liberal Associations based on popular representation”. While the NLF always insisted the policies recommended by the members at its conferences were never intended to be binding on the Liberal leadership, it was obvious that the resolutions passed were a strong indication of thinking and feeling in the mass party which the leadership ignored at its peril. For example in 1914 the NLF came out in support of women’s suffrage and Asquith (who was personally opposed to the measure) decided it should receive government support.
Birmingham.
The NLF’s early associations were with the city of Birmingham because its development was based on the example of the Birmingham Liberal Caucus, which had been so effective in building a mass membership and an efficient electioneering organisation in the city under the political leadership of Joseph Chamberlain and the organising genius of Francis Schnadhorst who for many years was the secretary of Birmingham Liberal Association. Schnadhorst was secretary of the NLF from 1877-1893. He was succeeded by Robert Hudson, 1893-1922.
Political orientation.
In the Liberal split over Irish Home Rule the NLF was loyal to party leader Gladstone rather than its own now Liberal Unionist progenitor Joseph Chamberlain. However in its political orientation generally the NLF conference tended to take the Radical approach, most clearly in its support of the Newcastle Programme in 1891 (see below). Here it endorsed the extension of the Factory Acts, the introduction of universal male suffrage, an end to plural voting and the reform of the House of Lords. This brought conflict with Gladstone until his retirement from politics in 1894. However by 1900 the role of the NLF had become merely advisory in term of policy.
Relationship with the Liberal Central Association (LCA).
Formation of the LCA.
There was always the possibility of a clash between the NLF and the Liberal Central Association (LCA), the body (first known as the Liberal Registration Association) which had been formed on 21 February 1860 by twenty Liberal MPs to promote general co-operation between MPs and organisation in the constituencies. It changed its name to the LCA in 1874 and re-modelled its structure and purpose to become the ‘central medium of communication with and between the Party throughout the whole kingdom in aid of and in connection with local organization.’ The chairman of the LCA was originally the Leader of the Liberal MPs but by the end of the 19th century it was the Liberal Chief Whip. As the 19th century wore on, the role of the LCA changed from that of a members’ association to that of a Liberal Whips’ Office. It put local Liberal Associations in touch with potential candidates and made grants of money to help with elections. It had no policy role but supporters of various factions within the party did try to capture the offices of the LCA from time to time, most notably in the dissensions in the party over imperialism.
Amalgamation.
The likelihood of a clash between LCA and NLF was greatly reduced when the NLF moved to London in 1886 into premises at 42 Parliament Street, next door to the LCA offices which were located at number 41 Parliament Street. It also helped that Francis Schnadhorst, the efficient political organiser and secretary of the NLF was also appointed secretary of the LCA.
Liberal Publications Department.
The NLF did try to produce some political literature early in its history but in 1887 the NLF and LCA collaborated in the establishment of the new Liberal Publications Department and these three organisations then worked closely together at the administrative heart of the party.
The Newcastle Programme.
After the split between the party and Chamberlain over Home Rule and the support the NLF offered to Gladstone, the NLF began to be more fully aware of the influence it was acquiring. This culminated with the Newcastle Programme of 1891, designed to be a co-ordinated programme of policies for radical reform springing from the grass-roots of the party - a manifesto for the next general election.
1900-1936.
Organisationally the NLF was the pillar of the Liberal Party. Under the presidency of Augustine Birrell it played an important role in the Liberal landslide election victory of 1906. It was active in promoting the Free Trade campaign after 1903 and through the work of Robert Hudson helped put in place a number of local pacts with the newly founded Labour Representation Committee. During the First World War, despite the opposition of many Liberals, the NLF helped to rally recruitment to the armed forces. After 1918 the NLF began to experience some financial difficulties but was able to remain solvent under the presidencies of Sir George Lunn and J M Robertson. They, together with secretary Robert Hudson, remained staunch supporters of H H Asquith and as a result Lloyd George had to keep his own National Liberal organisation in place between 1918-1922. When Asquith died and Lloyd George became party leader in 1926, Hudson who was by then NLF Treasurer, resigned. 
The NLF continued in being until 1936 when an internal review of party organisation under Lord Meston recommended its replacement with a body with a different remit, the Liberal Party Organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="20860358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860358" title="Rivermont Historic District">
Rivermont Historic District

The Rivermont Historic District is a national historic district located in Lynchburg, Virginia. It is a district consisting of the 300-3400 blocks of Rivermont Avenue as well as Riverside Park and a few properties alongside streets that face onto Rivermont Avenue. It is bounded by the James River on the east and northeast, Blackwater Creek on the east and southeast, Daniel’s Hill on the north and Virginia Episcopal Road and the southern end of Boonesboro Road.
It is significant as Lynchburg’s first planned streetcar community that included a mixture of residential, commercial, and institutional buildings. It includes single-family residences, duplexes, apartment houses, garages, commercial buildings, churches, government buildings, academic buildings, and hospitals. There are a number of highly significant buildings dating from the late 19th and 20th centuries that represent nearly every major American architectural style of that period. The buildings are the work of some of Lynchburg's leading architects from this period, including Stanhope Johnson and Edward G. Frye, as well as Boston architect Ralph Adams Cram, Washington D.C. architect William Poindexter, and New York architect Penrose Stout. As Lynchburg's largest and probably most successful planned subdivision, Rivermont displays several important design features, such as a wide central avenue, parks, schools, and vistas that separate it from older parts of Lynchburg. The district includes the Jones Memorial Library, Main Hall, Randolph-Macon Women's College, and Miller-Claytor House listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. The District was expanded in 2013 to add one additional building directly adjacent to Rivermont Avenue: The St. John's Episcopal Church on Boston Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20860362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860362" title="Vientiane Mai">
Vientiane Mai

Vientiane Mai is a Laotian language newspaper published by the Government of Laos. It reflects the position of the Government and the Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20860376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860376" title="Home for Christmas (Debby Boone album)">
Home for Christmas (Debby Boone album)

Home for Christmas is the title of a 1989 album by Debby Boone.
This was Boone's only Christmas album, but was reproduced on multiple occasions. Three different editions of the album were produced; one in 1989, a CD re-release in 1992, and another CD with new cover art in 2002. There are three different versions of the cover art for the album.
Production credits.
Engineers
Director
Arrangers
Choir, Chorus
Conductor
Rhythm
Art Direction
Photography

</doc>
<doc id="20860377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860377" title="Paula Sherman">
Paula Sherman

Paula Sherman is an Algonquin writer, activist and educator. She is of Omàmìwinini (Algonquin) heritage and a Family Head on Ka-Pishkawandemin, the traditional governing council for the Ardoch Algonquin First Nation. She is also a professor of Indigenous Studies at Trent University, in Peterborough, Ontario. Her recent book entitled "Dishonour of the Crown: The Ontario Resource Regime in the Valley of the Kiji Sibi" chronicles the Ardoch community's struggle to prevent uranium prospecting on their traditional lands and is published by Arbeiter Ring Publishing, Winnipeg, MB. She is also a contributor to "Lighting the Eighth Fire: The Liberation, Resurgence and Protection of Indigenous Nations", a collection of essays writing by emerging Indigenous activists and academics edited by Mississauga academic Leanne Simpson.

</doc>
<doc id="20860381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860381" title="Robert Stokes">
Robert Stokes

Robert George Stokes (19 April 1908 - 17 February 1980, Palm Springs, California), was an American animator who worked for Disney.

</doc>
<doc id="20860396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860396" title="Gandzieli-Gegelia">
Gandzieli-Gegelia

Gandzieli (literally meaning "of Gandza") was a noble family of Dukes (Tavadi) and later of Marquesses (Aznauri) in the Kingdom of Georgia, in the period between 1083 and 1727. According to an extensive study of the surnames of Georgian nobility by Prince Vakhushti Bagrationi, Gandzieli's held the dukedom in Gandza, then Armenia currently part of Azerbaijan. Gandzielis lost their dominance over the Armenian duchy in 1727, as a consequence of the "lowering of the Kingdom of Armenia" and moved to Principality of Ksani, Georgia. However, due to the failure to sustain power in Gandza, the Georgian monarch Vakhtang VI of Kartli lowered Gandzielis to the rank of Aznauri which was equal to that of Marquess at the time. In Ksani, Gandzielis assumed the title of the Royal Aznauri of Ksani, the highest of all the Aznauri degrees and led the court of the Principals of Ksani alongside other noble families. Gandzielis have been mentioned in the Treaty of Georgievsk as the Royal Aznauris of Ksani Principality alongside several other noble families. However, Gandzielis later moved to the Kingdom of Imereti where their surname changed to that of "Gegelia." This occurred "due to the linguistic traditions" of the Imereti people as Bagrationi reported in his study. Eventually, one branch of the Gegelia family of Aznauris moved to the Kingdom of Odishi, the late Samegrelo, where they governed the marquisate of Martvili, Salkhino and Taleri until the Communist Red Army invasion of Georgia in 1921. Gegelias nowadays reside both in Imereti and Samegrelo regions of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="20860397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860397" title="Gio-Goi">
Gio-Goi

Gio-Goi is a British fashion brand created in the 1980s, and relaunched in 2005.
The label has its roots in the Manchester band scene of the late 1980s, which mixed indie rock and dance music. The Donnellys started out selling clothes and memorabillia at clubs and raves in Manchester, notably at The Haçienda.
After a legal battle with Giorgio Armani over the legality of using "Gio" in its branding, the Donnellys decided to end production.
Gio-Goi relaunched in 2005 after new financial backers were keen to revive the brand. It is now worn by several musicians, including Pete Doherty, Hardwell, Mike Skinner and Kasabian front man, Tom Meighan.
Actors Danny Dyer and Paul Nicholls as well as boxer Michael Jennings, and musicians Calvin Harris and Hard-Fi have also been seen wearing Gio-Goi clothing.
Gio-Goi collaborated with Pete Doherty to create a range of T-shirts. The line was exclusively available from Selfridges in London on 7 December 2006 for 30 days and was released to selected stores thereafter.
In December 2008, Pentland Group bought a 20% stake in Gio-Goi. Pentland's chief executive Andy Rubin said: "This is a very positive investment in a growing brand which is win-win for both sides. This is a strategic investment for us. We think Gio-Goi has been doing a phenomenal job."
In October 2010, Gio Goi opened their first ever high street store in Union Square Aberdeen.
In January 2013, Gio Goi went under administration and was bought out by retailer JD Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="20860404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860404" title="Yuri Kovshov">
Yuri Kovshov

Yuri Aleksandrovich Kovshov (; born 5 September 1951) is a former Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, and received a silver medal in individual dressage.

</doc>
<doc id="20860405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860405" title="The Joshua Files">
The Joshua Files

The Joshua Files is a thriller book series aimed at pre-teens/teenagers written by British author M. G. Harris. The mythology of the series includes a fictional prophecy of the ancient Maya of a catastrophic event that will occur in December 2012 (see 2012 in fiction).
It follows the story of young Joshua Garcia (Josh) as he travels in the Mayan ruins following the work of his archaeologist father Andres Garcia. He is accompanied by his three friends: 15-year-old Tyler Marks, a fellow capoeira fighter; 14-year-old Ixchel, his forced wife-to-be; and his 18-year-old cousin, Benicio. The first book, "Invisible City", was published in February 2008. The second, "Ice Shock", was published in March 2009, the third, "Zero Moment", in Feb 2010, and the fourth, "Dark Parallel", in April 2011. The fifth and final book, "Apocalypse Moon", was released in April 2012.
Book Series.
Invisible City.
Joshua Garcia, the main character of the story is a 13-year-old boy. One day, while practicing Capoeira in his martial arts class, he is asked promptly to leave for home, where he receives the news of his father's death in a plane crash in Mexico. Joshua refuses to believe this story and finds some extremely strange and baffling facts about his father's death. He comes up with his own conspiracy theory — abduction by aliens after he had seen ufos in the sky. Later the investigators say that Andres (his father, an archaeologist) had been murdered by the husband of a woman, with whom he supposedly had 'affairs'. Joshua reads his dad's emails and finds out that his father was involved in the search for an ancient Maya script called "Ix codex". He sets up a blog to write about his conspiracy theories where he meets Ollie, or Olivia Dotrice (also known as "TopShopPrincess") and Tyler Thomson at a bookstore. He also meets his long lost sister but she is killed in a swamp. The story revolves around their investigation of Andres' murder and search for the Ix Codex and the lost cities of "Ek Naab" and "Chechan Naab".
Ice Shock.
"Ice Shock" is the sequel to "Invisible City". Josh is back home, trying to resume his normal life and make sense of his Mayan adventures. But soon it becomes clear that being back in Oxford does not mean Josh can escape his destiny. He is even more certain now that his father's death was no accident—and he's starting to wonder if he can really trust his closest allies. There is a traitor among him; is it Tyler or Ollie? Soon after, Benicio reunites him and Ixchel. When he finds out The Sect are following him, he can not hide. On top of that Simon Madison is out for revenge. His adventures lead him to an ancient mountain where he finds out a shocking secret. That is when the real adventure begins.
Zero Moment.
"Zero Moment" is the third book in the series. After Ollie's massive betrayal and his learning of what the Sect of Huracan are actually trying to do, Josh realises there is no turning back now. He travels to Brazil to contend in a capoeira contest with Tyler and his mother. They come across Carlos Montoyo and Ixchel and the five go on an adventure buggy ride across the desert. Just when Josh thinks everything is alright, Tyler, his mother and Ixchel are kidnapped by the Sect. After returning to Ek Naab, Josh thinks he has discovered the key to time travel. Should he use it to go back in time and save his father? Ixchel knows what he intends to do. Should she stop him? It is up to Josh to travel to the zero moment, change time and try to save his father, and possibly save the world.
Dark Parallel.
The fourth in the series was released on 4 April 2011. Josh and Ixchel have travelled back in time, but it might not be so easy to get home again. They have landed in the Mayan era, when the prophecy about the world ending in 2012 was first foretold. And they cannot believe who they have found there. Clearly Josh is not the only person to have cracked the secret of time travel. But a bigger surprise awaits the pair when they return to the 21st century. It seems that the Bracelet of Itzamna has created a parallel universe where only one revival chamber exists. Nothing is quite as they remember it - and it is up to them to work out why this has happened. With scenes of wild chases and races.
Apocalypse Moon.
The fifth and final book was released on April 5, 2012. After running out of ideas on how to protect the world from 2012 galactic superwave, Josh decides to use the Bracelet of Itzamna to time-jump into the future. He witnesses a complete apocalypse in a reality in which the superwave hits earth and the Sect of Huracan take over the world's governments. In order to save the world, he returns to his time and searches for the "moon machine", a device that will protect the world from the superwave. With the help of the last of the Erinsi and his friend Tyler, he manages to establish a force field around earth, that holds back the electromagnetic wave.
The Descendant - Alternate Reality Game.
"Ice Shock" was launched in the UK (Mar 2009) along with "The Descendant", an ARG in which another story from The Joshua Files unfolded. "The Descendant" included material from a dozen websites, including videos, blogs and an avatar chat site, as well a clue printed in the UK edition of Ice Shock itself.
Competitions.
M.G Harris has organized some competitions for the books, These are "Crack the Code", "Crack the Code - The Second Code" and "Make your own fake ICE SHOCK video trailer".
Neon-Sleeve Jacket.
The UK, French, German, Spanish, Catalan and Hungarian editions feature a much-commented-upon, highly innovative jacket design - a neon PVC removable sleeve with a die-cut 'J'. The designer is Andrew Biscombe of Scholastic Children's Books UK. "Invisible City" was published with a luminous orange sleeve, "Ice Shock" with a luminous green/yellow sleeve and "Zero Moment" a dark green. For book 3, "Zero Moment", the neon-sleeved edition has been restricted to a limited collectible version of only 4700 in the UK, all of which were signed by M.G. Harris. "Invisible City" and "Ice Shock" have now gone through the same routine, with the neon sleeve versions no longer being made and being made collectable. They are now being published in paperback as well but still following the same colour line. Book four, "Dark Parallel", was published with the neon cover being made at a normal basis, not a collectors edition. The cover is a shade of blue this time. The normal paperback version was published in September 2011 with a black cover and a red 'J' printed on the cover. The last book in the series, "Apocalypse Moon", which was published in April 2012 has a black PVC sleeve. The normal paperback version was published in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20860412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860412" title="Operation Big Buzz">
Operation Big Buzz

Operation Big Buzz was a U.S. military entomological warfare field test conducted in the U.S. state of Georgia in 1955. The tests involved dispersing over 300,000 yellow fever mosquitoes from aircraft and through ground dispersal methods.
Operation.
Operation Big Buzz occurred in May 1955 in the U.S. State of Georgia. The operation was a field test designed to determine the feasibility of producing, storing, loading into munitions, and dispersing from aircraft the yellow fever mosquito (though these were not infected for the test) ("Aedes aegypti"). The second goal of the operation was to determine whether the mosquitoes would survive their dispersion and seek meals on the ground. Around 330,000 uninfected mosquitoes were dropped from aircraft in E14 bombs and dispersed from the ground. In total about one million female mosquitoes were bred for the testing; remaining mosquitoes were used in munitions loading and storage tests. Those mosquitoes that were air-dispersed were dropped from airplanes above the ground, spreading out on their own and due to the wind.
Results.
Mosquitoes were collected as far away as from the release site. They were also active in seeking blood meals from humans and guinea pigs.

</doc>
<doc id="20860431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860431" title="Room No. 382">
Room No. 382

Room No. 382 is a remix album by Miyavi released on December 24, 2008. The album contains songs varying from both his indie and major label career and are remixed by his former DJ TeddyLoid from his backup band the "Kavki Boiz".

</doc>
<doc id="20860438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860438" title="Carmine Rojas">
Carmine Rojas

Carmine Rojas (born February 14, 1953, in Brooklyn, NY) is an American bass guitarist, musical director, composer, and producer. Best known for recording with David Bowie and Rod Stewart, his musical styles include rock, R&B/funk, and jazz.
Rojas toured the world with David Bowie from 1983–1987, playing bass on several multi-platinum hits such as "Let’s Dance", "China Girl", "Modern Love" and "Blue Jean". Live DVDs include Serious Moonlight and Glass Spider.
He recorded and tour with Julian Lennon as a musical Director and bassist from 1985–1986
He recorded and toured with Rod Stewart as a musical director and bass guitarist from 1988 through 2003. One of the multiple albums recorded during that time includes the MTV multi-platinum live CD and DVD, "Unplugged...and Seated". He also co-wrote songs on the albums "Vagabond Heart" and "A Spanner in the Works".
Carmine has also recorded, toured and played alongside Tina Turner, Keith Richards, Stevie Wonder, Ron Wood, Stevie Ray Vaughan, BB King, Mick Jagger, Eric Clapton, Joe Bonamassa, Eric Johnson, Peter Frampton, Al Green, Carly Simon, Ian Anderson, Paul Rogers, John Waite, Steve Winwood, Billy Joel, Herbie Hancock, Lee Ritenour, Julian Lennon (Musical Director/Bassist), John Hiatt, Carole King, Beth Hart, Bobby Womack, Sam Moore, Billy Squire, Olivia Newton-John, Michael Hutchence, Bernard Fowler, Blondie Chaplin, Billy Gibbons, Leslie West, Joe Lynn Turner, Carlos Santana, Todd Rundgren, Patti LaBelle, Nona Hendryx, Michael Bolton, Ivan Neville, Allen Toussaint, Phil Ramone, Kevin Shirley, Trevor Horn, Charlie Sexton, Jewel, Brandy, Dave Mason, Mike Patton, Glenn Hughes, Nektar, Tetsuya Komuro, Hitomi, Ziroq, Modern Primitives, Simranking, Sass Jordan and many others.
Rojas has been recording and touring with blues rock guitarist Joe Bonamassa since 2005, including seven solo CDs (beginning with "You and Me"); two collaborations with Beth Hart ('Don't Explain" and "Seesaw"), and the DVDs "Live from the Royal Albert Hall" and "Live from the Beacon Theatre".

</doc>
<doc id="20860455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860455" title="Haage Summane">
Haage Summane

Haage Summane is a 2008 Kannada film directed by Preetham Gubbi. The newcomers Kiran and Suhasi played the lead roles. Music was composed by Mano Murthy. The film released nationwide on 26 December 2008. This was expected to rock the boxoffice because of the hype created by the director proclaiming himself to have given the screenplay of the Landmark movie of the Kannada film industry Mungaaru Male. But it failed to live up the expectations.
Soundtrack.
The film has six songs composed by Mano Murthy with the lyrics penned by Jayant Kaikini. The audio of the film released worldwide on 11 October 2008, at Bangalore.

</doc>
<doc id="20860457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860457" title="Solomon Hills">
Solomon Hills

The Solomon Hills are a low mountain range in the western Transverse Ranges, in northern Santa Barbara County, California. 
The Hills separate the Santa Maria Valley and Santa Maria to the north, from the Los Alamos Valley and Orcutt to the south.
History.
The Solomon Hills are named for Salomon Pico, the 19th century Mexican—Californio patriot and bandit of Alta California.
The Orcutt Oil Field, discovered in 1901, occupies the westernmost portion of the Solomon Hills range.

</doc>
<doc id="20860459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860459" title="Viktor Ugryumov">
Viktor Ugryumov

Viktor Ugryumov (born 19 August 1939) is a former Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20860484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860484" title="South Hills (California)">
South Hills (California)

The South Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges, within the San Gabriel Valley in eastern Los Angeles County, California.
The South Hills are north of the Interstate 210 Freeway, in the southern part of the city of Glendora, with the western portion of the hills in the City of Glendora's South Hills Park.
They are north of the unincorporated town of Charter Oak and northwest of the city of San Dimas.

</doc>
<doc id="20860491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860491" title="Spangler Hills">
Spangler Hills

The Spangler Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.
They are east of Ridgecrest and west of the Panamint Range, in an area managed by the Bureau of Land Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20860520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860520" title="Mount Sir Donald">
Mount Sir Donald

Mount Sir Donald is a peak in the Rogers Pass area of British Columbia, Canada. Its good rock quality and classic Matterhorn shape make it popular for alpine rock climbers, and the Northwest Arete route is included in the popular book "Fifty Classic Climbs of North America".
It was originally named Syndicate Peak in honor of the group who arranged the finances for the completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway, but was later renamed after Donald Smith, 1st Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal, head of the syndicate.
The first ascent was made in 1890 by Emil Huber and Carl Sulzer of Switzerland and porter Harry Cooper. As of the 1910s, an average of three or four ascents per year were being made.
Notable Accidents.
July 28, 1964 - Douglas Barrie and Michael Swayne had completed an ascent of Sir Donald and were descending via the usual route to the Vaux glacier. A falling rock struck Barre in the head and he was killed.
August 1, 1969 - J.B Swanson was killed instantly by rockfall while descending the Vaux glacier after a successful summit bid.
July 21, 1973 - Forrest William Wolodarsky, age 16, killed in a fall while climbing unroped in a party of three near the 10'000 foot level.
August 22, 1983 - A massive rockfall reaches the meadows (the standard camping spot used by climbers) where seven people are camped. No one is severely injured, but park wardens issue a statement that the 
col should be used instead as it is more protected from falling rock. The meadows are still used to this day by the majority of climbers.
August 24, 1985 - A party of two left the normal Northeast Arete route and followed a ledge system across the West Face during their descent. The party encountered difficulty routefinding and continued down-climbing unroped through a series of short rock bands. One of the climbers lost footing and fell 3000 meters down to the Vaux Glacier.
Aug 22, 2006 - Jeniffer Affeldt dies from a 600 ft fall while repelling.

</doc>
<doc id="20860521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860521" title="Ezra Glantz">
Ezra Glantz

Ezra "Jerry" Glantz (born January 28, 1945 in Los Angeles, California) is an American handball goalkeeper.
In 1976 he played as the goalkeeper of the USA Olympic team in Handball at the 1976 Montreal Summer Olympic games.
He was National goalkeeper for the Israeli National Handball team as well. He lived in Tel Aviv from 1954 till 1990. He won eight national championships as goalkeeper for several Israeli Handball teams and competed for years in the European Cup Handball Championships on behalf of Israel.
Glantz was one of the original founders of Israeli Baseball and Fastpitch softball. As coach, many members of Israel's national baseball team players were groomed by Glantz. In July 2009 Jerry Glantz was inducted into the Israeli Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20860522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860522" title="Vera Misevich">
Vera Misevich

Vera Misevich (; 10 April 1945 – 4 March 1995) was an equestrian from Ukraine and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal in dressage with the Soviet team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20860526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860526" title="Pillans v Van Mierop">
Pillans v Van Mierop

Pillans & Rose v Van Mierop & Hopkins (1765) 3 Burr 1663 is a case concerning letters of credit, and the doctrine of consideration. It has been recommended as a landmark case in English contract law. In it, Lord Mansfield tentatively expressed a view that the doctrine of consideration was redundant. It was doubted in a later case by the House of Lords, "Rann v Hughes".
Facts.
Pillans & Rose were in business together as mechant bankers in Rotterdam. They agreed to accept bills from White, an Irish merchant, on one condition. White had to make sure Van Mierop & Hopkins, a big London firm, would guarantee the bills. Van Mierop confirmed that they would do so - in other words that they would guarantee a pre-existing duty of White to pay Pillans. However, before the bills were drawn on Van Mierop, White went insolvent. Van Mierop refused to honour the bills. Van Mierop argued that Pillans had provided no consideration for their guarantee, since there was the rule that past consideration is not a good consideration.
Judgment.
Lord Mansfield held that the doctrine of consideration should not be applied to preclude enforcement of promises made in mercantile transactions.
Wilmot J said,

</doc>
<doc id="20860530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860530" title="Perry Pearn">
Perry Pearn

Perry Pearn is a Canadian ice hockey coach, most recently an assistant coach for the National Hockey League's Winnipeg Jets.
Coaching career.
Pearn, a native of Stettler, Alberta, was fired by the Jets January 12, 2014, after being hired in June 2012. Previously, he was an assistant with the Montreal Canadiens (2009–2011), New York Rangers (2004–2009), Ottawa Senators (1996–2004), and the original incarnation of the Winnipeg Jets (1995–1996). Pearn has also coached at the university and junior levels, including one season as head coach of the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League.
Pearn served twice as an assistant coach with Canada's national junior team at the IIHF World Junior Championships (1990, 1991). As head coach, he led Canada to gold in 1993.
During the summers, Pearn runs elite-level hockey camps in Alberta for professional and major junior players.

</doc>
<doc id="20860540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860540" title="First uncountable ordinal">
First uncountable ordinal

In mathematics, the first uncountable ordinal, traditionally denoted by ω1 or sometimes by Ω, is the smallest ordinal number that, considered as a set, is uncountable. It is the supremum of all countable ordinals. The elements of ω1 are the countable ordinals, of which there are uncountably many. 
Like any ordinal number (in von Neumann's approach), ω1 is a well-ordered set, with set membership ("∈") serving as the order relation. ω1 is a limit ordinal, i.e. there is no ordinal α with α + 1 = ω1. 
The cardinality of the set ω1 is the first uncountable cardinal number, ℵ1 (aleph-one). The ordinal ω1 is thus the initial ordinal of ℵ1.
Indeed, in most constructions ω1 and ℵ1 are equal as sets. To generalize: if α is an arbitrary ordinal we define ωα as the initial ordinal of the cardinal ℵα.
The existence of ω1 can be proven without the axiom of choice. (See Hartogs number.)
Topological properties.
Any ordinal number can be turned into a topological space by using the order topology. When viewed as a topological space, ω1 is often written as [0,ω1) to emphasize that it is the space consisting of all ordinals smaller than ω1.
Every increasing ω-sequence of elements of [0,ω1) converges to a limit in [0,ω1). The reason is that the union (=supremum) of every countable set of countable ordinals is another countable ordinal.
The topological space [0,ω1) is sequentially compact but not compact. It is however countably compact and thus not Lindelöf. In terms of axioms of countability, [0,ω1) is first countable but not separable nor second countable. As a consequence, it is not metrizable.
The space [0, ω1] = ω1 + 1 is compact and not first countable. ω1 is used to define the long line and the Tychonoff plank, two important counterexamples in topology.

</doc>
<doc id="20860545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860545" title="Steve Snape">
Steve Snape

Steve Snape (born September 17, 1963 in Manchester, Lancashire) is an English former rugby league footballer. "Snapey" played for Swinton RLFC during the 1980s and early 1990s, winning the old second division of English rugby league football with the club in 1985 and 1987, and finishing runners-up in 1989, earning promotion to the former English first division. He played in the left centre and stand-off positions, and occasionally provided cover at right centre. His career with Swinton Lions, which started in the early 1980s, was brought to a somewhat premature end in the 1992/1993 season following disagreements with the club's board, the sale of Station Road and the club's subsequent move to Gigg Lane in Bury.

</doc>
<doc id="20860551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860551" title="Lao News Agency">
Lao News Agency

Khaosan Pathet Lao also known as KPL, or the Lao News Agency in English, is the official news agency of the Laos Government and the ruling Communist Party.It was started as the news agency of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party on 6 January 1968 in Viengsay and later became the official news agency of Laos after the communists seized power in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20860566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860566" title="Philadelphia Power Station">
Philadelphia Power Station

Philadelphia Power Station is a defunct coal-fired power station situated between the villages of Philadelphia and Newbottle, north of Houghton-le-Spring in Tyne and Wear, North East England.
History.
The station was built by the Sunderland District Electric Tramways Ltd and the Durham Collieries Power Company. It was built to provide electricity for the local district tramway and collieries, and it was planned for the station to open in May 1905, but its opening was delayed slightly, also delaying the electrification of the tramway, and it didn't begin providing electricity for the tramway until 10 June 1905. The station was provided with coal from the nearby Dorothea Pit. By 1911, the station was part of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company's system.
After closing, the station was used as a central garage by the National Coal Board. The station's generating hall still stands today, along with two smaller associated buildings, and they are Grade II listed. The generating hall is a single-gabled yellow brick built building with red brick dressings and felt roofing, and is currently one of a number of workshops on the Philadeliphia Complex. Persimmon Homes have applied to refurbish the building and bring it into mixed commercial use, as part of a refurbishment of the Philadelphia Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20860567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860567" title="Sobre las Olas">
Sobre las Olas

The waltz "Sobre las Olas" (or "Over the Waves") is the best known work of Mexican composer Juventino Rosas (1868–1894). It "remains one of the most famous Latin American pieces worldwide", according to the "Latin America" article in "The Oxford Companion to Music".
It was first published by Rosas in 1888. It remains popular as a classic waltz, and has also found its way into New Orleans Jazz and Tejano music.
The song remains popular with country and old-time fiddlers in the United States.
Film.
A Mexican film titled "Sobre las olas" was released in 1933.
The Mexican film biography of Juventino Rosas, released in 1950 and starring Pedro Infante, is entitled "Sobre las olas" ("Over the Waves").

</doc>
<doc id="20860568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860568" title="William Johnson (handballer)">
William Johnson (handballer)

William Johnson (born February 3, 1953) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in New York City.
In 1976 he was part of the American team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20860589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860589" title="Patrick O'Neill (handballer)">
Patrick O'Neill (handballer)

Patrick O'Neill (born March 20, 1956) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
In 1976 he was part of the American team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20860591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860591" title="Salta (disambiguation)">
Salta (disambiguation)

Salta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20860597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860597" title="Piano Trio No. 1 (Arensky)">
Piano Trio No. 1 (Arensky)

Piano Trio No. 1 in D minor, Op. 32, for violin, cello and piano is a Romantic chamber composition by Russian composer Anton Arensky. It was written in 1894 and is in four movements:
Although by a lesser-known composer, it is highly regarded and often considered the gem among Arensky's compositions.
The trio is dedicated to the memory of Karl Davydov.
The composer made a very early recording of the trio on wax cylinders, with the violinist Jan Hřímalý, the cellist Anatoliy Brandukov, and himself at the piano. This recording was made shortly after its composition and is almost certainly its first recording, although it is not complete.

</doc>
<doc id="20860598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860598" title="Back passage">
Back passage

A back passage may be:

</doc>
<doc id="20860600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860600" title="Elinkine">
Elinkine

Elinkine (also called Elinlin or Elinkinde) is a town in Casamance, Senegal, located at the mouth of the Casamance River, from Oussouye.
History.
A treaty between France and the leaders of Kagnout took place in Elinkine on March 25, 1851, resulting in the cession of the island of Carabane to France.
The well of Umar Tall was classified as a historic monument in 2003.
Administration.
The village is part of the rural community of Mlomp, Loudia Ouoloff, Oussouye, Ziguinchor.
Geography.
The nearest towns are Efrane Elinkine, Sifoka, Carabane, Samatit, Santiaba Ouolof, and Tamani.
Population.
According to PEPAM (Water and Sanitation Program for the Millennium), there are 339 people and 47 households in Elinkine.
Economy.
This small fishing port is a popular tourist location. This is partially because of its beach, but also because it is the embarkation point for the island of Carabane.

</doc>
<doc id="20860611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860611" title="Heterophily">
Heterophily

Heterophily, or "love of the different", is the tendency of individuals to collect in diverse groups; it is the opposite of homophily. This phenomenon is notable in successful organizations, where the resulting diversity of ideas is thought to promote an innovative environment. Recently it has become an area of social network analysis.
Most of the early work in heterophily was done in the 1960s by Everett Rogers in his book "Diffusion Of Innovations". Rogers showed that heterophilious networks were better able to spread innovations. Later, scholars such as Paul Burton have drawn connections between modern Social Network Analysis as practiced by Mark Granovetter in his theory of weak ties and the work of Georg Simmel. Burton found that Simmel's notion of "the stranger" is equivalent to Granovetter's weak tie in that both can bridge homophilious networks, turning them into one larger heterophilious network.

</doc>
<doc id="20860614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860614" title="Sperry Hills">
Sperry Hills

The Sperry Hills are a low mountain range in the northern Mojave Desert—southern Amargosa Desert region, in northeastern San Bernardino County, southern California.
They are located south of Shoshone, east of Death Valley National Park, and west of the the Dumont Hills.
See also.
Other ranges in the local area include the:

</doc>
<doc id="20860630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860630" title="Bert Romp">
Bert Romp

Berend ("Bert") Romp (born 4 November 1958, Veendam) is an equestrian from the Netherlands and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the Dutch team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="20860633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860633" title="Bruce Pie">
Bruce Pie

Arthur Bruce Pie (19 May 1902 – 31 July 1961) was an Australian politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland.
He was born in Coburg, Victoria and attended Caulfield Grammar School. A player with the Caulfield Grammarians Football Club (and its coach on 1926), he also played one senior game of Australian rules football in the Victorian Football League for in 1926 and was the president of the Queensland National Football Association in the 1930s. Pie worked in Melbourne and Brisbane in the importing and textile manufacturing industries, and owned his own group of businesses. 
Pie was elected to Queensland Parliament in 1941 as an independent Democrat, but resigned to contest the seat of Brisbane in the 1943 federal election. He was defeated by the incumbent George Lawson, and re-entered the Queensland Legislative Assembly in 1944 as the Member for Windsor from the Queensland People's Party (QPP). Pie succeeded John Beals Chandler as the leader of the QPP in 1946, and served in this role until 1948. In 1950 he became the Member for Kedron as a Liberal Party politician, but he resigned from the Party following a dispute about parliamentary pay increases, and resigned from Parliament in 1951.
Pie visited the concentration camps of Nazi Germany in 1945 shortly after the end of the Third Reich, and published a book called "Journey into Desolation" after this experience.
Following his political career, Pie was a member and leader of several Brisbane clubs until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20860634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860634" title="Shellback (record producer)">
Shellback (record producer)

Karl Johan Schuster, known professionally as Shellback, is a Swedish songwriter, record producer and musician. Shellback was listed as the No. 1 producer of 2012 on Billboard Magazine's year end chart, and he also topped the list of their "Top 10 Songwriters Airplay Chart" the same year. He regularly collaborates with songwriter Max Martin, and together they have produced, written and/or co-written songs for P!nk ("So What", "Raise Your Glass", "Fuckin' Perfect"), Taylor Swift ("We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", "I Knew You Were Trouble", "22"), Adam Lambert ("Whataya Want from Me", "If I Had You"), Britney Spears ("If U Seek Amy", "3", "I Wanna Go"), Usher, ("DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love", "Scream"), Maroon 5 ("One More Night"), and Christina Aguilera ("Your Body"). Shellback has collaborated with fellow producer Benny Blanco for "Payphone" and "Moves like Jagger" by Maroon 5 and "She Doesn't Mind" by Sean Paul. He has also produced songs by himself, including "Want U Back" by Cher Lloyd.
Career.
Schuster was born and raised in Karlshamn, Sweden. He started out as a drummer in local indie rock bands in Karlshamn, before joining the hardcore/metal scene as a vocalist.
At the age of 16, Schuster met Max Martin through their mutual friend Julius. By that time, according to an interview in the Swedish music magazine "Stim-magasinet", Schuster's taste in music was "too cool for school" and he had no interest in pop music whatsoever. Julius kept sending Schuster's indierock/deathmetal demos to Martin, who became curious about what it would sound like if Schuster would make pop music. So in 2006 Martin invited Schuster to his studio in Stockholm to record a demo with him, and since 2007 Schuster has been signed to Martin's production company Maratone.
Among the first songs Schuster co-wrote with Martin are Pink's 2008 single "So What" and Britney Spears' 2008 single "If U Seek Amy".
Production discography.
Billboard Hot 100.
The following singles peaked inside the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="20860639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860639" title="Lynchburg Hospital">
Lynchburg Hospital

The Lynchburg Hospital is a historic hospital complex located on the corner of Federal Street and Hollins Mill Road in Lynchburg, Virginia. It consists of the main hospital building, the nurse's home, an office building, a picnic pavilion, a storage building, and a boiler building. It was built in 1911 by the City of Lynchburg to serve as the city's municipal hospital. As designed, the original hospital was divided into two sections, a three story main block and a rear annex, featuring Georgian Revival detailing. It is now a nursing home known as Tinbridge Manor.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20860646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860646" title="Straight (racing)">
Straight (racing)

In many forms of racing, the straight is that part of the race track in which the competitors travel in a straight line, as opposed to a bend. The term is used in horse racing, motor racing and track and field athletics.
In athletics, a typical 400 m track features two straights and two bends. The final straight before the finish line is known as the home straight, or the pit straight in Formula One, while the other is known as the back straight.
In motor racing, both the pit lane and finish line are often located on the longest straight on the circuit.
In the United States the home straight in athletics, and also the straight part of a motor racing track, is sometimes referred to as a "straightaway".

</doc>
<doc id="20860652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860652" title="Pruntytown State Farm Wildlife Management Area">
Pruntytown State Farm Wildlife Management Area

Pruntytown State Farm Wildlife Management Area, is located near Pruntytown, West Virginia in Taylor County. The WMA is managed as a beef cattle farm by the West Virginia Department of Agriculture. Located on gently sloping farmland with hay and pasture fields and woodlots on the steeper slopes.
Access to Pruntytown State Farm WMA is from U.S. Route 50 about 1/2 mile west of Pruntytown or from County Route 38 south of Pruntytown.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities in Pruntytown State Farm WMA include coyote, deer, grouse, mourning dove, rabbit, and turkey.
Although camping is not allowed at the WMA, camping is available at nearby Tygart Lake State Park. A firearm safety zone is maintained around the barns and other farm buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20860680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860680" title="Duxbury Bay (Massachusetts)">
Duxbury Bay (Massachusetts)

Duxbury Bay is a bay on the coast of Massachusetts in the United States.
The United States Navy seaplane tender USS "Duxbury Bay", in commission from 1944 to 1966, was named for Duxbury Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20860684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860684" title="Mary Elmer Lake">
Mary Elmer Lake

Mary Elmer Lake is a reservoir on the Cohansey River in Cumberland County, New Jersey, used for water-supply and recreation purposes.
Description.
The lake is located in the park system of the city of Bridgeton, New Jersey, and is owned by the city. At normal levels it has a surface area of .
Mary Elmer Lake Dam is of earthen construction, a gravity dam, with a height of and a length of . Maximum discharge is per second. Normal storage is . It drains an area of . The lake is fed by Barret's Run, and the lake's water empties via a small stream into nearby Sunset Lake and thence into the Cohansey River.
History.
Mary Elmer Lake was originally known as Ireland's Mill Pond. Construction of the dam was completed in 1924 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The name was later changed to Mary Elmer Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20860686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860686" title="Abortion in Suriname">
Abortion in Suriname

Abortion in Suriname is illegal except in case of the threat to life or health of the woman. The punishment for a woman who has an abortion is up to three years in prison, and the punishment for a doctor or other person who performs the procedure is up to four years.
In 2007, Health Minister Celsius Waterberg caused a stir when he criticized the legalization of euthanasia while advocating abortion in limited circumstances, namely in the case of rape or danger to the unborn child.

</doc>
<doc id="20860687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860687" title="Thomas Quinn (author)">
Thomas Quinn (author)

Thomas Quinn (born 1951) is an author of historical novels. 
Life.
Thomas Quinn was born in 1951 in Newark, New Jersey to Elmer and Barbara Quinn. He attended Cornell University 1969-1973 and graduated with a degree in Industrial and Labor Relations. He worked in sales and marketing for seventeen years for Procter & Gamble. Since then, he has been president of a division of the Irish Dairy Board and vice president for sales for Warner-Lambert Consumer Healthcare, CIGNA Healthcare, and Travelclick. Quinn lives in Maryland. 
Quinn visited Venice in 1999 and decided to write his first book when he could not find a novel set there, similar to his favorite book, "The Count of Monte Cristo". The first book in the trilogy, "The Lion of St. Mark", took him four years to write and publish. It begins in 1452 with the attempt to save Constantinople from Turkish siege and ends in 1472. Much of the book concerns the rivalry between two powerful patrician families, the Zianis and the Soranzos and Venice's savage war with the Ottoman Turks. His second book, "The Sword of Venice", spans the years 1473-1484 and chronicles the Ferrara War that pitted Venice against virtually all of her Italian rivals. The third book, working title: "Venice Stands Alone", will continue the saga beginning in 1494 with French King Charles VIII's invasion of the Italian Peninsula, opposed by a Venice-led coalition of Italian states. Both are available in hard cover and eBook formats. 
Quinn has recently completed his third novel, a modern day political-action thriller entitled, "The Machiavelli Letter". It was released in May, 2012 as an eBook.
The first two books were published by Thomas Dunne Books, an imprint of St. Martin’s Press.
The Venetian Trilogy.
The first two books were published in Spanish: El león de san Marcos and La Espada De Venecia. The first book was also published in Greek: To Λιοντάρι του Αγίου Μάρκου.

</doc>
<doc id="20860689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860689" title="UGL Rail C44aci">
UGL Rail C44aci

The C44aci is a model of Australian heavy duty diesel electric locomotive designed by UGL Rail and built at is Broadmeadow factory. It is operated by a number of rail freight operators.
Design.
The C44aci was designed by UGL Rail in response to a tender issued by Pacific National, who required a locomotive to match the performance of their existing 90 class units when hauling heavy coal traffic, while still having the ability to work high speed intermodal services, with the change between applications to be simple.
The existing UGL Rail Cv40-9i (NR class) locomotive design was used as a base, but with alterations including:1
The NR class design had also been used as a basis for the AC traction QR National 5000 class introduced in 2005. This design did not meet the requirements for Pacific National due to the heavy axle load, acceptable on the heavily laid coal routes, but not on lines outside of the Hunter Valley.
To reduce the weight, the level of fuel carried is altered: for intermodal applications the fuel level is 7,300 litres, for coal applications that permit higher axle loads the fuel level is increased to 13,500 litres, with an intermediate fuel level of 10,750 litres also available. These limits are enforced during refuelling by a float switch in the tank, the permitted level being set by a key switch with an indication displayed in the cab if the limits are breached. The provision of inline refuelling permits the topping up of the tanks in transit from a separate tank wagon behind the locomotives.
The older GE Transportation FDL series engine was chosen instead of the newer GE Evolution Series engine used in the United States, due to the greater height not fitting in the restricted Australian loading gauge, and there being no legal requirement to meet stringent Tier 2 emissions standards which drove adoption of the GEVO series elsewhere. The C44aci has one inverter per traction motor, this differs from competing Downer EDi Rail locomotives that have only one inverter per bogie. A further difference between the C44aci and the competing GT46C ACe is the lack of steering bogies to improve tracking properties and reduce the rate of wheel wear, instead fixed-frame pedestal-type bogies are used where all three axles are always held parallel.
Simulation work showed that three C44aci locomotives could equal the performance of 90 class units in heavy mode, while in intermodal mode could outperform the older NR class units by 20% on services, with the same sectional running times and in some areas a slight reduction in fuel consumed due to the increased adhesion resulting from AC traction. However the C44aci was outperformed by the comparable GT46C ACe locomotive produced by Downer EDi Rail in back-to-back trials performed by RailCorp on the steeply graded Cowan Bank.
By operator.
Pacific National.
The first of the Pacific National 92 class was officially launched at Port Waratah on 3 October 2008. All 15 units entered service on coal trains in the Hunter Region and have yet to operate any other services. In 2012 Pacific National took delivery of six 93 class C44aci locomotives optimised for intermodal freight transport between Melbourne and Brisbane. On 17 January 2013, Pacific National placed an order for another two (later expanded to five) 93 class locomotives.
Aurizon.
In July 2008 QR National subsidiary Australian Railroad Group ordered eight locomotives, with options for 16 more units. Intended for use on their Western Australian standard gauge lines, they were delivered between August and September 2009. These units feature updated electronic control and engine management systems, and had their entry to service delayed by weight issues, with steel body side doors being replaced with lighter aluminium substitutes. Since entering service they have been used on the Koolyanobbing to Esperance iron ore service, in the full fuel load (139 tonnes) configuration.
In January 2009 QR National ordered twelve 6000 class units for use on coal and intermodal haulage. The first was delivered in October 2009. These units were to be fitted with electronically controlled pneumatic braking equipment, for operation with similarly fitted container wagons.
QR National subsequently ordered an additional 12 locomotives specifically to operate its intermodal trains. The first nine were delivered in 2012 as the 6020 class with the final three diverted to Australian Railroad Group as the ACC class.
Xstrata Rail.
In November 2009 Xstrata placed an order for 10 locomotives for their Hunter Valley coal operations. This was followed by a further 20. These are operated by Freightliner Australia.
Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia.
In 2011 Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia took delivery of six locomotives that were initially leased to Pacific National. Another six were delivered in May and June 2013.
Centennial Coal.
In 2012 Centennial Coal took delivery of seven locomotives for their coal operations. These are operated by Southern Shorthaul Railroad.
Genesee & Wyoming Australia.
Between April and June 2012 Genesee & Wyoming Australia took delivery of nine locomotives for use on Adelaide to Darwin services.
Consolidated Rail Leasing.
As at January 2013 Consolidated Rail Leasing had five locomotives on order.

</doc>
<doc id="20860694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860694" title="Samuel Fryar">
Samuel Fryar

Samuel Fryar (4 February 1863 - 4 October 1938) was an Irish solicitor, councillor and politician from Northern Ireland.
Samuel Fryar was born on 4 February 1863 at Banbridge, County Down in Ireland, to parents Samuel Fryar and his wife, Ann Jane "née" Gibson. He was educated at Banbridge Academy and Queen’s College, Galway, as a solicitor.
In 1887, Fryar went into partnership with John Fawcett Gordon and opened a legal firm on Bridge Street called, Fryar and Gordon Solicitors. The firm operated under that name for nearly 100 years.
Fryar was a member of the Banbridge Urban District Council from 1894 to 1938. He was also a Solicitor to Banbridge Board of Guardians, Banbridge Rural District Council, and Tandragee Rural District Council. This included four years as Chairman of Banbridge Urban District Council. 
In 1933, Fryar, an Ulster Unionist member sat for the general election of 1933 and defeated the Independent Unionist representative, James Finnery. Fryar remained a Member of Parliament until the general election of 1938, when he retired.
Fryar died shortly after his retirement; on 4 October 1938, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20860703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860703" title="Kilit dialect">
Kilit dialect

Kilit is an extinct Iranian dialect of Azerbaijan that is closely related to Talysh. It is probably a dialect of Iranian Tati, otherwise found only in Iran. It was spoken in the villages around Kilit, located 12 kilometers southwest from the city of Ordubad in a district with the same name of Nakhchivan in Azerbaijan. It was still used by non-native speakers as a second language in the 1950s.
History.
The language has been long known to the Russian historians and travelers since the middle of nineteenth to the mid-twentieth centuries. The historian Chopin, first mentioned it back in 1852. He states the inhabitants of the village as amounting to 104. Zelinsky researched on the language in 1880 afterwards. In the 1950s a few speakers was reported who used the language probably only as a trade lingo or secret language. In 1966, A. G. Gasanov collected a few words and phrases. Although the possibility of a migration cannot be ruled out, however it is more likely, given more data about Tatic languages and proto-Tatic, that this group extended at least as far as the areas in which the remanent languages are spoken today.
Some available materials.
The following is a kiliti text reported by Zelinsky: Transliterated from Cyrillic :
Comparative list of numbers and some words mentioned by Zelinsky and Gasanov:
The identity.
Chopin remarks that the inhabitants of Kilit village were professing Shiite faith and their language is not similar to any of the other local dialects. However he has been puzzled about their origin. He mentioned that they might be from Armenian origin or more likely Talyshi, Tat, Tajik or Zoroastrian. Zelinsky considered it as a mixture of Kurdish, Persian and Arabic. Gasanov called it with a certain affinity towards Iranian languages. But only Zelinsky's materials are enough to understand that kiliti is not an argot, possesses an independent grammatical structure and have the main base of the root words and all the typical features of the Iranian languages. The existing materials also provide a sufficient basis to determine it as belonging to the northwestern Iranian group of languages. That language had no written tradition. According to Zelinsky, dozens of villages had spoken the language before, but it was just understandable to the villagers afterwards and then the Azerbaijani language replaced it.

</doc>
<doc id="20860704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860704" title="Hunan–Hubei–Jiangxi Soviet">
Hunan–Hubei–Jiangxi Soviet

The Hunan–Hubei–Jiangxi Soviet () was a Comintern and local communist-led "liberated zone" in the 1930s south of the Yangzi River, comprising parts of counties in what are now the municipal regions of Yueyang in Hunan, Xianning in Hubei and, in Jiangxi, Jiujiang and Yichun. It was a constituent part of the territorially discontiguous and diplomatically unrecognised Chinese Soviet Republic (CSR). Before the declaration of the CSR in November 1931, the liberated zone had been known to Communists as the Hunan-Hubei-Jiangxi Revolutionary Base Area (湘鄂赣革命根据地).
Embargo and menace.
The Right-Kuomintang ("Nationalist") Government intended to destroy the Soviet by means of one of its broadly unsuccessful "Encirclement" campaigns. The Communist response is known as the Counter-Encirclement Campaign at the Hunan–Hubei–Jiangxi Soviet (or, since the action pre-dates the establishment of the CSR, the Counter-Encirclement Campaign at the Hunan-Hubei-Jiangxi Revolutionary Base).
The Hunan–Hubei–Jiangxi Soviet was defended by the Red 16th Army. The 16th launched a pre-emptive strike on Tongcheng, in Hubei, in December 1930, annihilating an entire regiment of the KMT army just before it could begin the first attack of the campaign. The Government forces had to withdraw temporarily to regroup. The 16th, with help of fraternal CSR Soviets, held off danger to the Hunan–Hubei–Jiangxi Soviet until May 1931.
Coordinated defense.
As reinforcement troops from other Nationalist Government regions moved in to avenge the defeat at Tongcheng, it was determined at Red Army central command that a diversionary measure was in order. The forces of the Hunan-Jiangxi Soviet accordingly struck two positions in government-held Hunan, one directly to their west and the other to their south. The gambit foiled the Encirclement Campaign against the Hunan–Hubei–Jiangxi Soviet by depriving it of essential strength.

</doc>
<doc id="20860722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860722" title="Alberto Valdés">
Alberto Valdés

Capt. Alberto Valdés Ramos (25 June 1919 – 14 April 2013 ) was an equestrian from Mexico and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal riding his horse Chihuahua in the show jumping competition for the Mexican team along with Humberto Mariles and Rubén Uriza at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. Capt. Valdes and Chihuahua placed equal 10th on a total of 20 points in the individual competition. His team mate Col. Humberto Mariles riding Arete won the individual gold medal on a total of 6.25 points.
References.
http://www.horseandhound.co.uk/news/farewell-to-showjumper-alberto-valdes-ramos

</doc>
<doc id="20860725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860725" title="Aquitaine Basin">
Aquitaine Basin

The Aquitaine Basin is after the Paris Basin the second largest Mesozoic and Cenozoic sedimentary basin in France, occupying a large part of the country's southwestern quadrant. Its surface area covers 66,000 km2 onshore. It formed on Variscan basement which was peneplained during the Permian and then started subsiding in the early Triassic. The basement is covered in the Parentis Basin and in the Subpyrenean Basin — both sub-basins of the main Aquitaine Basin — by 11,000 m of sediment.
Geography.
The Aquitaine Basin, named after the French region Aquitaine, is roughly funnel-shaped with its opening pointing towards the Atlantic Ocean. Here it meets for 330 km the straight, more or less north-south trending Atlantic coastline but continues offshore to the continental slope. To the south, it is delimitated for 350 km by the westnorthwest–eastsoutheast trending Pyrenees. In the southeast, the basin reaches the Seuil de Naurouze (also called "Seuil du Lauragais") between the Montagne Noire on its northern side and the Mouthoumet range in the south. Just west of Narbonne, the basin is overridden by Pyrenean thrusts. The northeastern boundary of the basin is formed by the arcuate basement outcrops of the Massif Central. Via the 100 km wide Seuil du Poitou in the northeast, the basin is connected to the Paris Basin. In the far north, the basin abuts the east-west oriented Variscan basement of the Vendée, the southernmost part of the Armorican Massif.
Basin structure.
The Aquitaine Basin is a very asymmetric foreland basin. It reaches its deepest part of 11 km just in front of the North Pyrenean Thrust.
The 2,000 m isobath follows more or less the course of the Garonne River and divides the basin into a relatively shallow northern platform, the so-called "Aquitaine Plateau", and into a much deeper, tightly folded, southern region. The tabular platform in the north contains only a much reduced sedimentary succession that is gently undulating and occasionally faulted. The folding intensity in the southern region increases steadily towards the south, the structures being further complicated by superimposed salt diapirism.
This somewhat simplified structural subdivision gets complicated by the Parentis Basin which extends out into the Atlantic. The Parentis Basin is situated in the Golfe de Gascogne and also reaches 11 km depth; it is a symmetrical basin oriented east-west and comes ashore near Arcachon. This sub-basin is underlain on its far western side by oceanic crust dated at 100-95 million years BP (Cenomanian). It is bounded by dextral wrench faults (possible transform faults) and probably represents a pull-apart basin.
Sedimentary evolution.
Structural and sedimentological investigations of the basin have been carried out in over 70 drilled wells that encountered the Variscan basement sometimes below 6,000 m of sedimentary cover.
The sedimentary evolution in the Aquitaine Basin begins in the Lower Triassic close to the North Pyrenean Thrust. From here, it slowly started spreading farther north.
Triassic.
Sedimentation started in the very south of the Aquitaine Basin during the Lower Triassic with coloured sandstones and mudstones, followed during the Middle Triassic by dolomitic limestones, evaporite layers and coloured mudstones. During the Upper Triassic evaporites continued being precipitated, crowned by ophitic lava flows (dolerites and tholeiites). The evaporites were later activated as diapirs during the Pyrenean orogeny and the mudstones served as decollement horizons along which Triassic sediments were squeezed northwards to the line Arcachon–Toulouse.
The sediments are typically "germanotype" in character, i.e. very similar to the Triassic succession in Germany. In the north of the Aquitanian plateau, only a continental Upper Triassic is preserved. In the south, the sediments are marine and show their full development. The Triassic marine transgression probably invaded the southern Aquitaine Basin from the southeast or from the south (from the Tethys) via the then still immersed Pyrenean region. The sediments indicate a restricted shallow marine environment with drying-up periods that created evaporites. The Triassic sediments can attain a maximum thickness of 1,000 m and reach as far north as the line Garonne estuary – Brive.
Jurassic.
The entirely marine Jurassic cycle can be subdivided into seven second-order sequences bounded by unconformities, three in the Lias, two in the Dogger and two in the Malm:
The complete Jurassic cycle is only preserved in the Quercy; farther south, e.g. in the Subpyrenean Basin, the cycle has many gaps.
Lias.
The basal Hettangian-Sinemurian sequence is fully transgressive over basement rocks or Permo-Triassic sediments. At that time, the first open-marine sediments (yet rather poor in fossils) were being deposited in the Aquitaine Basin. The "Lias Transgression", as it is also called, started to encroach on the entire Aquitaine during the Sinemurian, characterised by calcareous-dolomitic, partially oolitic sediments. Despite smaller regressions during the Pliensbachian towards the end of the Lias and at the beginning of the Dogger the sea had onlapped the basement rocks of the Massif Central and the western Vendée (reaching today's limits) by 30 km. On the Aquitaine Plateau in the north, an interior shelf was constructed as far south as the line La Rochelle-Angoulême-Périgueux-Figeac. On this shelf the generally detritic transgression sediments of the Hettangian normally comprise a base conglomerate, arkoses, and fairly thick layers of sand- and mud-stones rich in plant material. The rest of the Hettangian is made up of marine sediments deposited in a restricted environment (lagoonal) evolving towards a lacustrine facies (green shales, coloured marls, dolomitic limestones and platy limestones rich in dwarf fossils, and evaporitic interlayers). The sediments of the Sinemurian are again fully marine and carry a pelagic fauna (soft banded limestones and hard lithographic limestones). At the end of the Sinemurian, a sudden regression occurred, forming hardgrounds. 
The second sequence of the Lias again is marine-transgressive and commences during the "Lotharingian"/Lower "Carixian". The sediments can be well dated by ammonites — (Arietites, Oxynoticeras, Deroceras, and "Uptonia jamesoni"). They are mainly calcareous and rich in quartz grains and pebbles of reworked Sinemurian. The Upper Carixian consists of very fossiliferous ("Aegoceras capricornu") marly limestone layers interlayered with grey marls. These are followed by ammonite-bearing ("Amaltheus margaritatus") and oyster-bearing ("Gryphaea cymbium") marls indicating a shelf environment open to the spreading Atlantic Ocean. During the Lower Domerian, a connection to the Paris Basin is breached for the first time via the Seuil du Poitou and also to the Jurassic sea of southeastern France via the Détroit de Rodez and the Détroit de Carcassonne. During the Upper Domerian, another regression sets in leaving sandy limestones very rich in fossils ("Pleuroceras spinatum", "Pecten aequivalvis"). These littoral facies rocks can change into iron-rich oolites along their margins. The sequence finishes again with hardgrounds.
The third and last sequence of the Lias sets in during the Lower Toarcian without any detrital deposits at its base, the sediments being black ammonite-bearing marls (with "Harpoceras falciferum" and "Hildoceras bifrons"). Towards the end of the Toarcian and the beginning of the Aalenian, the sediments turn into sandy limestones indicating another regression. Interlayered with these sandy limestones are oyster beds, iron oolite and gypsum layers; they contain ammonites like "Pleydellia aalensis" and "Leioceras opalinum". The sequence ends with an erosional unconformity.
In the southern part of the Aquitanian basin, the evaporite deposition (including layers of anhydrite) begun in the Triassic carries on right through the Lias; it reaches a thickness of up to 500 m.
Dogger.
The Dogger attains a maximum thickness of about 300 m along a north-south-trending zone running from Angoulême to Tarbes. Along this zone reefs began to grow, splitting the Aquitaine Basin into two major facies domains. Prominent reef complexes are situated east of Angoulême, northwest of Périgueux and east of Pau. The reefs are associated with calcareous oolites and mark a high-energy zone. On the shallow shelf-domain east of the reefs, neritic limestones were deposited in the north and dolomites in the south; in the Quercy, even supratidal lignite-bearing limestones were formed. In the western domain open towards the Atlantic, the pelagic sediments comprise ammonite-bearing limy marls very rich in filamentous microfossils (bryozoans).
The first sequence in the Dogger (note: sequences are only distinguished in the eastern shelf-domain) starts transgressing in a restricted environment during the Bajocian with dolomites. In places, Aalenian is reworked. The Bathonian is calcareous in the northeast, whereas in the southeast it keeps its dolomitic character. The end of the sequence in the Lower Bathonian shows regressive tendencies with lignites, breccias, and lacustrine fossils in the Quercy. No ammonites are found in the eastern domain right up to the Kimmeridgian — a great handicap for correct dating purposes.
The Pyrenean realm meanwhile is characterised by a long hiatus.
The second sequence in the Dogger begins in the Middle Bathonian with lacustrine limestones and in places with breccia-bearing detritus. This is followed by neritic limestones precipitated in calm conditions. Yet in the south, dolomites continue to be deposited. The sequence finishes in the Callovian with littoral border-facies deposits.
Malm.
The facies dividing reef-zone persists into the Malm. In the western domain, initially ammonite-bearing marls and limestones were deposited, whereas in the eastern domain the sediments are calcareous dolomites. The retreat of the Jurassic sea became noticeable during the late Tithonian with dolomites and breccias in the Adour Basin, evaporites in the Charente, extremely littoral sediments in the Quercy, lacustrine limestones in the Parentis Basin, and anhydrites in the Gers. The seaways that had opened in the Lias closed again and a single reef persisted in the Périgord at La Tour-Blanche. In the end, the sea withdrew south of the Garonne River.
In the Lower Oxfordian, the first sequence of the Malm seems to follow the Callovian without a distinctive break. Yet cellular limestones and breccias indicate sediment reworking (this was certainly the case in the Grands Causses farther east). During the Middle and the Upper Oxfordian, marine limestones are laid down which incorporate occasional reefs. The Lower Kimmeridgian sediments are sedimented close to the shore, they bear oysters, urchins, and ripple marks. 
The second sequence of the Malm starts in the Upper Kimmeridgian, only in places does it show regressive traits, nevertheless the sedimentary character changes. Laid down are breccias and the sediments also show synsedimentary reworkings; periodically interbedded limestones and marls carrying lignite horizons begin to form. The sediments can be dated by the ammonites Aulacostephanus and "Aspidoceras orthocera". This strongly disturbed depositional environment with a coexistence of open marine facies and muds deposited under reducing conditions in a restrictive setting seems to coincide with a first sedimentary individualisation of the Pyrenean realm. The event has received its name "Virgulian" from the oyster "Exogyra virgula". During the Tithonian, the shrinkage of the basin became even more evident, only to end in a nearly complete withdrawal of the sea from the Aquitaine Plateau before the close of the Tithonian (the south is not affected by this). During the Tithonian, iron-bearing calcareous oolites interbedded with marls, as well as dolostones and border facies deposits develop — dated by "Gravesia portlandicum".
Lower Cretaceous.
In comparison with the Jurassic, the Cretaceous has less pronounced sequences. The Lower Cretaceous sediments are restricted to close to the Pyrenees. Most likely the exchange of ocean water masses was better towards the Tethyan realm than towards the Atlantic.
Sedimentation increased again after a longer hiatus in the Lower Creataceous, but only in two locales — the Parentis Basin and the Adour Basin. Both sub-basins manifest a huge subsidence. During the Lower Cretaceous the Parentis Basin received 2,000 m of sediment and the Adour Basin 4,000 m. The remainder of the Aquitaine Basin is meanwhile subjected to strong erosion.
The first deposits in the two sub-basins were littoral sediments in Wealden facies, mainly sandstones and shales. During the Barremian, marine shallow-water carbonates were precipitated, changing to detritic sediments in the northern Parentis Basin. Near Lacq, they change to lagoonal anhydrites. In the Upper Aptian, the reef-forming Urgonian facies became established in both sub-basins — fossiliferous limestones composed of algae, coralline polyps, and rudists. The Urgonian facies completely surrounds the Parentis Basin and persists into the Albian.
Since the onset of the Albian, strong halokinetic movements affect the southern Aquitaine Basin and in turn profoundly influence sedimentation patterns. As a result breccias, thick conglomerates, and turbidites are shed. In the Parentis Basin, a distinct unconformity develops. At the same time, the sediments on the Aquitaine Plateau farther north are folded into gentle wavetrains following the Hercynian strike (northwest-southeast). All these movements are correlated with the first tectonic stirrings in the Western Pyrenees. Towards the end of the Albian, the sea level is rising and the Urgonian calcareous reefs are consequently draped by muds.
Upper Cretaceous.
The transgression that began in the late Albian spread rapidly northward during the Cenomanian. In the northern part of the Aquitanian Basin, the Cenomanian sea reclaimed nearly the same areas that had been occupied by the Jurassic sea; in the east, however, it only reached the line Brive-Cahors-Agen-Muret-Carcassonne. The region of the later formed North Pyrenean Thrust is a decisive facies boundary at this time: to the north, shelf sedimentation continued but to the south rapidly subsiding basins developed into which flysch sediments (and partially also "wildflysch breccias") from the Pyrenean realm were shed. Near Saint-Gaudens, the flysch sediments are even accompanied by volcanic rocks — trachytes, and ultrabasic lavas. The sedimentation in the flysch basins during the Turonian and during the Coniacian is very unsettled. The flysch sedimentation then continues right through the Upper Cretaceous, mainly interbedded sandstones and shales with some carbonaceous layers were laid down. Towards the end of the Upper Cretaceous, there are signs of the start of a regression and the sea then actually retreats before the K/T boundary. In the Subpyrenean Basin near the Petits Pyrénées, the sea lingers on till the lowermost Paleocene (Danian).
In the remainder of the Aquitaine Basin, mainly pelagic limestones (chalk facies) are sedimented during the Upper Cretaceous, including the type localities for the Coniacian, Santonian, and Campanian in the Charente. 
At the northern edge of the basin, more differentiated coastal facies develop. In the north, the Cenomanian is made up of three sedimentary cycles (from young to old):
The Turonian reflects a transgressive period with the sea spreading into the Lot. At this point, the Upper Cretaceous sea had reached its highstand. This also coincides with a climatic optimum with global average sea-water temperatures around 24°C compared to today's 13°C. The Turonian can be subdivided into two parts:
Towards the end of the Turonian, the Massif Central experienced uplift which is reflected in the sediments of the northeastern Aquitaine Basin as a strong input of detritus, mainly sands in the upper part of the Angoumian.
The Coniacian and the Santonian are expressed as typical chalky limestones in the north, but both stages take on a more sandy character east of Périgueux.
The Campanian follows after a pronounced unconformity. The southern flysch basins began to expand northward. Near Pau before the onset of the flysch sedimentation, a very strong erosion removed the entire Lower Cretaceous, the entire Jurassic and sometimes even cut right down to the basement. North of Pau, the Campanian is a marly facies called "Aturian". In the northern Aquitaine Basin, the sediments become more homogenised and settle out as fully marine flint-bearing calcareous micrites.
During the Maastrichtian, a regression commences. After the initial deposition of bioclastic rudist-bearing limestones and the formation of some reef complexes composed of rudists and single corals, the sea level started dropping. Northern Aquitaine became emersed and the sea withdrew in stages southward to the line Arcachon-Toulouse. At the same time, the northern edge of the basin experienced another folding episode with low-amplitude folds striking northwest-southeast.
Cenozoic.
Paleogene.
During the Paleocene, the coastline roughly followed the line Arcachon-Toulouse. In the "North Aquitaine Zone" north of this line, the sediments possess continental character — red mudstones, sands, and lacustrine limestones. The sea made a short-lived advance into this domain and left echinid-bearing limestones behind. In the "Central Aquitaine Zone" (northern half of the southern basin), a shelf built out to the line Audignon-Carcassonne. Farther south in the "South Aquitaine Zone", deep water conditions prevailed in the west, shallowing out towards the east. The sediments in the "Aturian Gulf" (Golfe Aturién) in the west are pelagic limestones containing globigerinids, operculinids, and alveolinids. Near the Petits Pyrénées, the sediments change into shallow-water facies rich in madreporians, echinids, and operculinids. Farther east in the Ariège and in the Corbières, the sediments become totally continental and lacustrine.
In the Lower Eocene (Ypresian), another transgressive period saw the sea advance north into the Médoc and south of Oléron; in the southeast it even reached the Montagne Noire. In the Aturian Gulf, Globorotalia-bearing marls were deposited, while farther east turritella-rich marls and limestones were formed. The newly inundated areas receive sands and limestones rich in alveolinids and nummulites. Meanwhile iron-rich sands (in the Charente) and molasses (in the Libournais and in the Agenais) were sedimented in the continental north and northeast. The provenance area of these continental deposits up to Middle Ypresian times was mainly the Massif Central.
The sea-level kept rising during the Middle Eocene (Lutetian and Bartonian). The area covered by alveolinid- and nummulite-bearing limestones increased, northward to Blaye and Saint-Palais and eastward into the Agenais. The Subpyrenean Basin deepened and was simultaneously being filled by conglomerates brought in from the east, the so-called Poudingues de Palassou. This marked the "beginning of uplift in the Pyrenean orogen" and a switch-over in detritus provenance from the Massif Central in the north to the Pyrenees in the south. Coalescing alluvial fans built out north into the Castrais. On the northern flank of the fans, lakes formed, precipitating lacustrine limestones. The detrital sediments with provenance from the meanwhile strongly eroded Massif Central (muds, sands, gravels) then affected only a small fringe zone in the northeast. In the Périgord and in the Quercy, the Sidérolithique accumulated — iron-rich sediments that resemble laterites indicating a subtropical climate.
During the Upper Eocene (Priabonian), a regression set in. The Subpyrenean Basin became completely filled with the erosional debris of the rising Pyrenees. In the Médoc, nummulite-bearing marls and limestones were still being laid down, but east of Bordeaux already continental molasses appeared that change farther south into gypsum-bearing formations. 
During the Lower Oligocene (Rupelian), a permanently marine environment persists in the south with marls and sands rich in nummulites, lamellibranchs, and echinids. The anomiid-bearing limestones of the southern Médoc are lagoonal deposits. After a short-lived advance at the beginning of the Chattian with seastar-bearing limestones in the northern Médoc and in the Libournais and with mammal-bearing molasses in the Agenais, the sea made a big retreat at the end of the Oligocene. This retreat was accompanied by tectonic movements creating trains of deeper-seated anticlines in the central and northern Aquitaine Basin. The debris-carrying alluvial fans issuing from the rising Pyrenees reached into the Agenais and attained their largest extent. They pushed the surrounding belt of lakes ahead of them (in northerly directions) thereby spreading lacustrine limestones well into the Quercy, onto the Causses, and even onto the Massif Central.
Neogene.
Following its retreat in the southwestern Landes, the sea began transgressing towards the north and the east during the Lower Miocene (Aquitanian). Marine, littoral, and lacustrine facies interchange. During a minor regression, a huge lake formed near Condom, the "Lac de Saucats", in which grey lacustrine-limestones precipitated, the so-called Calcaire gris de l'Agenais. Shortly thereafter the sea attained its highstand. It was rimmed completely by continental deposits whose thickness increased towards the southeast. For the first time, the alluvial fans along the Pyrenean front receded, the reason being increased subsidence in front of the orogen; yet they still stretched as far north as the Agenais.
The retreat of the alluvial fans also continued during the Middle Miocene (Langhian and Serravallian). Consequently the lacustrine band reached as far south as the Armagnac.
The Upper Miocene (Tortonian and Messinian) witnessed a drastic withdrawal of the sea to the west. This process started first in the Bordelais and in the Bazadais, ending with a nearly complete withdrawal from the basin. In areas left behind by the sea in the Armagnac, unfossiliferous sands and muds were deposited. At the same time in the north and in the east, today's river network draining the Massif Central was already being beginning to form.
During the Pliocene (Zanclean), the sea occupied merely a small strip near the Arcachon Basin south of Soustons. Sandy shales very rich in a benthic microfauna were deposited. In the rest of the Aquitaine Basin, continental sands were laid down, the so-called Sables fauves. The alluvial fans restricted their activity to the immediate vicinity of the Pyrenean mountain front and created the alluvial fans of Ger, Orignac-Cieutat, and Lannemezan. The drainage system of the Garonne already resembled more or less today's pattern, the river avoiding the Miocene gravel accumulations as much as possible and then following between Toulouse, Agen and Bordeaux a weekly subsiding graben.
The progressive landfall of the Aquitaine Basin proceeded from the northeast and was coupled with an important subaerial erosion. As a consequence several peneplanations were carved out from the detrital alluvial plains:
On the pliocene peneplain, today's drainage system was firmly established.
Quaternary.
The three last Pleistocene ice ages — Mindel, Riss, and Würm — are also documented in the Aquitaine Basin, mainly by different levels of river terasses. Additionally amongst glacial phenomena the following can be cited:
The development of the Gironde estuary goes back about 20,000 years into the late Würm.
Finally, the rich prehistoric finds and their sites in the Aquitaine Basin merit mentioning, especially in the Département Dordogne.
Structural organisation and tectonics.
Structurally the Aquitaine Basin can be divided into two provinces separated by a prominent fault zone, the so-called "North Aquitaine Flexure". This fault zone extends from Arcachon to Carcassonne and represents the continuation of the continental slope onshore. 
The "Northern Province" or "Aquitaine Plateau" forms a typical continental shelf region with reduced sedimentation and several periods of emersion (during the entire Lower Cretaceous and during parts of the Upper Cretaceous and the Cenozoic). The basement is rarely encountered deeper than 2,000 m. Triassic and Jurassic together have an accumulated sediment thickness of 1,000–1,700 m. The Lower Cretaceous is completely missing and the Upper Cretaceous only reaches a thickness of several hundred metres. The Paleogene is, if present, very thin in the north but increases in thickness towards the south where it is overlain by thin Neogene.
In the eastern section, one can discern several low-amplitude structures that are parallel to the Pyrenees farther south and strike westnorthwest-eastsoutheast:
Generally the Northern Province is characterised by rather simple structures (syn- and antiforms, low-amplitude fold trains, faults) that follow hercynian, armorican and variscan strike directions. The structures were formed during several tectonic phases:
The "Southern Province" is characterised by the deep Parentis and Adour sub-basins with the Mimizan high ground in between. Compared with the Northern Province its sediments show a pronounced increase in thickness (5,000–11,500  altogether). The Triassic and the Jurassic combined reach 2,000–3,000 , the Lower Cretaceous 500-1,500 m. The Upper Creataceous can vary between 500 and 3,000 m and even the Neogene still attains a thickness of nearly 1,000 m.
The tectonic movements were much more complicated in the Southern Province, having superimposed on them very strong halokinetic motions (salt diapirism). A large part of the formed structures is concealed under Plio-Quaternary detritus. The many exploration wells drilled for hydrocarbons and groundwater helped immensely in unravelling these structures. Similar to the Northern Province, the major structures are again trains of parallel anticlines whose wavelength steadily diminishes approaching the Pyrenean front. Inversely the effects of the salt movements become stronger towards the south. The anticlines were formed during the uplift of the Pyrenees during the Eocene/Oligocene. The structures were set in place by Miocene times. The following anticlines can be distinguished (from north to south):
Isostatic movements during the Plio-Quaternary at the northeastern edge of the Aquitaine basin lead to an uplift and rejuvenation of the peneplained basement in the Massif Central. In the Aquitaine basin itself, these movements follow already existing basement structures and entrain the tilting of some of the pliocene peneplains. This in turn has a strong effect upon the hydrographic network, for example in the drainage basins of the Garonne and Adour, the rivers' courses were changed or entirely abandoned.
Tectonic movements are still at work in the Aquitaine Basin today — strong earthquakes in the Pyrenees (with destroyed villages and churches) and somewhat milder tremors near the island of Oléron keep reminding us of that fact.
Tectono-metamorphic organisation of the basement.
According to geophysical explorations the Variscan basement hidden under the sediments of the Aquitaine Basin can be subdivided into several northwest-southeast-striking tectono-metamorphic zones (from north to south):
Depths of the Mohorovicic Discontinuity.
The maximum depth of the Mohorovicic Discontinuity in the Aquitanian Basin is 36 km, following more or less the path of the Garonne River. Towards the Massif Central in the northeast, the discontinuity flattens out to 30 km. The same holds for approaching the northern edge of the Pyrenees, here the discontinuity is also at 30 km depth. In the oceanic part of the Parentis Basin, it is already encountered at 20 km depth. This implies a significant stretching of the continental crust and the beginning of oceanisation. As a comparison, underneath the Central Pyrenees the continental crust is 50 km thick.
Geodynamic setting.
For a better understanding of the geological successions and structures in the Aquitaine Basin, it is important to consider the greater geodynamic setting. Two geodynamic developments are of primordial importance for the basin:
In the Upper Triassic (Carnian) about 230 million years ago, the supercontinent Pangaea started slowly to break up. In the Atlantic domain, the disintegration began in the area of the "Central Atlantic". Already in the Lower Jurassic, the initial rifting process had given way to the marine drifting stage. In the Toarcian about 180 million years ago, the Central Atlantic was spreading and North America, South America and Africa were separating. By Callovian times, the Central Atlantic was fully marine. Spreading continued and gradually also began to affect the Northern Atlantic domain. During the Tithonian about 150 million years ago, a rift arm infiltrated along today's continental margin of northwestern France. Consequently Iberia, so far being positioned right below the Armorican Massif (Brittany), was wedged southward. This gave the Atlantic the chance to directly reach the Aquitaine Basin for the first time. In the wake of the southward drifting Iberia during the Lower Cretaceous, the Bay of Biscay opened up. The microcontinent Iberia underwent in addition to its southward drifting motion a counterclockwise rotational movement that eventually brought it in close contact with southern France (reflected in first tectonic movements in the Pyrenees during the Albian; also documented by metamorphism in the Pyrenees dated between 108 and 93 million years ago and by the transgression of the Cenomanian sea). The final collision happened during the Eocene/Oligocene uplifting the mountain chain and subjecting it to severe erosion at the same time. The main phase of uplift ended with the close of the Aquitanian, followed mainly by isostatic movements lasting to this day.
Megasequences.
By taking as a reference point the onset of rifting in the Bay of Biscay during the Tithonian the geodynamic evolution of the Aquitaine Basin can be subdivided into four megasequences (somewhat simplified):
Resources.
Hydrocarbons.
Amongst the many resources in the Aquitaine Basin, the hydrocarbons oil and gas are without doubt of prime importance for the French economy. Major sources are found in the following sub-basins of Lower Cretaceous age:
Source/host rocks are Jurassic (Kimmeridgian) and Lower Cretaceous limestones and dolostones. Lower Aptian shales function as seals.
Groundwater aquifers.
Classic groundwater aquifers are found in Upper Cretaceous and Cenozoic rocks of the Bordelais. Recently a gigantic aquifer has been discovered in Eocene sands near Lussagnet — of great importance for the region Pau-Toulouse.
Other resources.
Further notable resources include:
Conclusions.
The structural and hence sedimentary organisation in the Aquitaine Basin was ultimately influenced by two principal factors:
The strong "northwest-southeast-striking tectono-metamorphic zonation" in the basement has profoundly influenced the structural and the sedimentary evolution of the Aquitaine Basin. The same "hercynian" direction is also followed by the continental edge of northwestern France which formed during the evolution of the Bay of Biscay. The "continental edge" finds its prolongation in the superdeep Subpyrenean Basin. The system of "anticlinal ridges" affecting the sedimentary cover is also arranged in this direction. The prominent South Armorican Shear Zone farther north also strikes northwest-southeast, but additionally has a distinct dextral wrenching movement. Like the South Armorican Shear Zone, the anticlinal ridges too are affected by similar shearing movements and are not purely compressional in origin. Even the Parentis Basin is bounded by these transtensional dextral shear zones and can hence be interpreted as an east-west-oriented pull-apart basin. Within the context of the opening of the Bay of Biscay, the Parentis Basin can furthermore be regarded as a failed attempt of the Atlantic to wedge into the continent's interior. The reason for this is the counterclockwise rotational motion of Iberia blocked further rifting. 
Since the Cenomanian, the Aquitaine Basin is under the influence of the Pyrenean orogeny with its westnorthwest-eastsoutheast-striking structural grain. The Pyrenean orogen likewise has not merely a compressional origin but also a strong, in this case, sinistral transtensional component. The Pyrenean orogen exerted a very profound influence upon the Aquitaine Basin up to this day, subjecting it not only to more or less north-south-directed compression but also to transtension. The effects were of a penetrative nature — tectonic repercussions of the Pyrenean orogeny can even be seen at the northeastern basin margin in the immediate vicinity of the Massif Central.

</doc>
<doc id="20860737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860737" title="Antiquarian science books">
Antiquarian science books

Antiquarian science books are original historical works (e.g., books or technical papers) concerning science, mathematics and sometimes engineering. 
These books are important primary references for the study of the history of science and technology, they can provide valuable insights into the historical development of the various fields of scientific inquiry (History of science, History of mathematics, etc.)
The landmark are significant first (or early) editions typically worth hundreds or thousands of dollars (prices may vary widely based on condition, etc.). 
Reprints of these books are often available, for example from Great Books of the Western World, Dover Publications or Google Books.
Incunabula are extremely rare and valuable, but as the "scientific revolution" is only taken to have started around the 1540s, such works of Renaissance literature (including alchemy, Renaissance magic, etc. are not usually included under the notion of "scientific" literature. Printed originals of the beginning scientific revolution thus date to the 1540s or later, notably beginning with the original publication of Copernican heliocentrism. Nicolaus Copernicus' "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium" of 1543 sold for more than USD 2 million at auctions.

</doc>
<doc id="20860739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860739" title="2009 Jacksonville Jaguars season">
2009 Jacksonville Jaguars season

The 2009 Jacksonville Jaguars season was the 15th season for the team in the National Football League. This was the first season for new general manager Gene Smith, who hoped to usher in a "rebuilding" era for the Jaguars franchise. The Jaguars improved upon their 5–11 record in 2008, however did not make the playoffs.
The team got new uniforms for the 2009 season. Team owner Wayne Weaver reportedly wanted to "clean up" the look, feeling that the team had too many uniform styles.
Local television blackouts.
In 2009, the Jaguars had 7 of their 8 regular season home games blacked out on local TV. Due to an NFL rule, in order for a home game to be televised in a team's market, all tickets must be sold within 72 hours of kickoff. Many factors lead to a decrease in ticket sales for the Jaguars, including Jacksonville being a small market, a bad local economy, and low expectations for the team coming into the season. The Jaguars drew attendances under 50,000 in their first six home games. The only game that was televised in the Jacksonville market in 2009 was the final home game of the season when the Jaguars played the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday Night Football. Through the 2012 season, the Jaguars have not had any games blacked out since.

</doc>
<doc id="20860743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860743" title="Zhejiang Sci-Tech University">
Zhejiang Sci-Tech University

Zhejiang Sci-Tech University (ZSTU; ) is a university in Zhejiang province provides programs in the fields of engineering, sciences, humanities (arts), economics, management and law with engineering being its main focus. It is run jointly by Ministry of Education and the Zhejiang provincial government, the latter being the main administrative body.
Campus.
ZSTU is situated in Hangzhou, and has two campuses, covering a total area of 1,500 mu.
History.
The history of ZSTU dates back to the Sericultural Academy, which was founded in 1897 and was one of the earliest modern educational institutions in China. The school began to enroll undergraduate students in 1959 and graduate students in 1979. It acquired the right to confer Master’s degree in 1983 and was granted the right by Ministry of Education to appraise the qualifications of teachers applying for the title of associate professor in 1993. In 1995, it started to offer PhD programs in collaboration with Zhejiang University. The same year saw the first international enrollments and the enrollment of students from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan. In 1999, it began to confer Master’s degree to on-the-job students who are of the equivalent educational level. In 2001, it was granted the right to confer Master’s degree to engineering students. In 2003 it was approved as an institution qualified to provide joint PhD programs and in 2006 it got the right to confer Doctoral degree. ZSTU now has graduate programs, undergraduate programs and adult education, the latter in the form of public education, non-governmental education and education through international cooperation.
In April 1999 the institution changed its name from Zhejiang Institute of Silk Textile to Zhejiang Institute of Science and Technology. In May 2004, ZIST was renamed to "Zhejiang Sci-Tech University".
Administration.
Schools and Departments.
ZSTU consists of sixteen schools or faculties (departments), namely, the school of sciences, the schools or faculties of materials and textiles, apparel, informatics and electronics, mechanical and automation control, construction engineering, life sciences, art and design, economics and management, law and politics, foreign languages, culture and communications, adult education, a higher vocational college,a department of computer teaching and a department of physical education .It also owns one independent college on another campus. Two of its disciplines are regarded by the Province as very important, and eight are key disciplines at provincial or ministerial level. It has one key laboratory of the Ministry of Education and two key laboratories of the Zhejiang Province. The school offers forty-five undergraduate programs, of which six are provincial key programs.
It confers Doctoral degree in two disciplines, Master’s degree in four first-level disciplines and thirty second-level disciplines( sub-disciplines), and it provides one joint Doctoral program and two Master’s programs in engineering. 
The has two pilot centers for teaching basic courses in Zhejiang Province, two provincial engineering centers, six R&D centers and more than forty school labs and institutes of excellence.
Students.
At present, the number of full-time undergraduate and graduate students enrolled at ZSTU is 18,000; with a further 2000 students in programs of adult education and further education. 
Library.
In recent years, the school’s required enrollment score has been among the highest of the HELs in Zhejiang province - as has been the employment rate of its students.
Awards.
ZSTU has won over 120 research awards, among which 3 are national, namely, two second awards of the National Scientific and Technological Invention Award and one second award of the National Scientific and Technological Progress Award, and over 20 are provincial or ministerial.
It has research funds of more than 110million yuan.

</doc>
<doc id="20860759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860759" title="Fred Mitchell (Bahamas)">
Fred Mitchell (Bahamas)

Frederick Audley Mitchell Jr., (born October 5, 1953), is the foreign minister of The Bahamas, since May 2012. He was previously foreign minister from 2002 to 4 May 2007.
Education and career.
He received his communications degree at Antioch University, his master's at Harvard University, and his law degree at the University of Buckingham. He worked as editor of "The Herald", a paper of the Progressive Liberal Party. He served in Parliament for that party before becoming foreign minister. He is also an Anglican. He also has an online column on politics.

</doc>
<doc id="20860761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860761" title="Acronychia littoralis">
Acronychia littoralis

Acronychia littoralis is a shrub or small tree growing at the eastern coastal parts of Australia. The Scented Acronychia or Beach Acronychia grows naturally in north eastern New South Wales and a few areas in adjacent Queensland. It is considered endangered by extinction with a ROTAP rating of 3EC.
Habitat.
Growing to around 8 metres tall on littoral rainforest on sand between Iluka, NSW and Fraser Island in Queensland. Much of the habitat of "Acronychia littoralis" was destroyed for seaside housing and development.
Description.
The trunk is grey, cylindrical and straight. Leaves are typical of the "Acronychia" group, being 5 to 16 cm long, 3 to 7 cm wide with a rounded and sometimes notched ending. The yellowish flowers appear in summer.
The fruit matures in autumn, being around 10 to 20 mm in diameter. The lemon coloured fleshy fruit is citrus scented, containing a hard capsule. Within the capsule are usually four cells, many of which are empty. But other cells contain one (or rarely two) pointed black seeds.
Germination.
Germination is slow and sometimes difficult. Liberation of the seeds from the fruit capsules improves germination results. This is accomplished by using a sharp knife, and a pin to prize out the enclosed seed.

</doc>
<doc id="20860767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860767" title="United States Ambassador to Austria">
United States Ambassador to Austria

This is a list of Ambassadors of the United States to Austria.
The United States first established diplomatic relations with Austria in 1838 during the time of the Austrian Empire. Relations between the United States have been continuous since that time except for two interruptions during World War I and World War II.
The first ambassadors were accredited to the Austrian Empire. In 1867 the empire became Austria–Hungary and the ambassadors were so commissioned. After the resumption of diplomatic relations following World War I, the ambassadors were commissioned to Austria.
For ambassadors to Hungary after the dissolution of the empire, see United States Ambassador to Hungary.
The United States Embassy in Austria is located in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20860785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860785" title="List of A Little Snow Fairy Sugar episodes">
List of A Little Snow Fairy Sugar episodes

The episodes of the anime series "A Little Snow Fairy Sugar" were created by "Project Sugar"—a collaboration between TBS, J.C.Staff, and Kadokawa Shoten—and directed by Shinichiro Kimura. The first episode premiered in Japan on TBS on October 2, 2001, and the series ran for 24 episodes until its conclusion on March 26, 2002. A two episode original video animation was released for the series. Set four years after the conclusion of the series, Saga tells Kanon about a school play in which she played the princess and struggled with stage fright, while Sugar and other fairies decide to make a play of their own.
The anime series uses three pieces of theme music. "Sugar Baby Love" by Yoko Ishida is used for the opening theme for all of the episodes except the first and the last, which use no opening. It is also used for the ending theme for the last episode. Maria Yamamoto's performance of the song "Snow Flower" is used for the ending theme for the first 23 episodes.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20860786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860786" title="Zirconate">
Zirconate

A zirconate is an oxyanion containing zirconium. Examples include Na2ZrO3, Ca2ZrO4 which can be prepared by fusing zirconium dioxide with e.g. Na2O and CaO respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20860793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860793" title="SoundDroid">
SoundDroid

The SoundDroid is an early digital audio workstation designed by a team of engineers led by James A. Moorer at Lucasfilm between the 1980 and 1987. It was a hard-disk–based, nonlinear audio editor developed on the Audio Signal Processor (ASP), a large-scale digital signal processor for real–time, multichannel equalization and audio mixing. Only one prototype was ever built and it was never commercialized. Lucasfilm started putting together a computer division right after "Star Wars" as an in-house project to build a range of digital tools for filmmaking. The audio project that became SoundDroid was done in close collaboration with the post-production division, Sprocket Systems, and later spun out as part of a joint venture called The Droid Works. Complete with a trackball, touch-sensitive displays, moving faders, and a jog-shuttle wheel, the SoundDroid included programs for sound synthesis, digital reverberation, recording, editing and mixing. EditDroid and SoundDroid were the beginnings of the desktop tools digital revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20860794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860794" title="Sasin Spraymaster">
Sasin Spraymaster

The Sasin SA-29 Spraymaster was an agricultural aircraft designed and manufactured in Australia in the 1960s by Sasin Aircraft Service of Goulburn, New South Wales in conjunction with Aerostructures at Sydney's Bankstown Airport.
Design and development.
By the 1960s the converted World War II-vintage types that comprised a large part of the Australian agricultural aircraft fleet were in need of replacement. Sasin Aircraft Service of Goulburn, an operator of a de Havilland Tiger Moth modified for use as an agricultural aircraft, decided to convert de Havilland Canada DHC-1 Chipmunks for agricultural use and contracted Aerostructures at Bankstown to perform the necessary modifications.
The starting point was a Mk. 10 or Mk. 21 version of the Chipmunk. The modifications included a redesigned fuselage to accommodate a 50 Imperial gallon (227 l) hopper located where the front seat was found in the original aircraft, and a completely new cockpit in the location of the original rear seat. An air-driven spray pump was mounted under the forward fuselage. The pilot sat 11 inches (28 cm) higher than in the original aircraft. A turnover truss and a new energy-absorbing seat were provided to protect the pilot from injury in a crash; and cable cutters were mounted in front of the cockpit as protection against one of the main hazards to agricultural aircraft (flying into power or telephone lines). A small dorsal fin and anti-spin strakes were fitted to the rear fuselage as well.
Modifications to the wing included endplates instead of the standard wingtips, the removal of wing root leading edge extensions and drooping the trailing edges. These modifications resulted in a lower stalling speed of 38kt at a Maximum take off weight (MTOW) of 2,300 lb compared to a 45kt stalling speed at a 2,100 lb MTOW in the original aircraft. The Chipmunk's original de Havilland Gipsy Major engine was retained, but the original metal propeller was replaced with a lighter fine-pitch wooden propeller.
The prototype was built using two Chipmunks; the then- Department of Civil Aviation (now the Civil Aviation Safety Authority) found problems with the fuselage modifications, which necessitated modifying a second fuselage. The prototype first flew in mid-1965 and was granted a Type Certificate and Certificate of Airworthiness on 1 September 1965; it was then damaged beyond repair in a crash at Goulburn the following day. Two more aircraft were converted, one of which crashed in 1970. The remaining Spraymaster was restored to stock Chipmunk configuration in the mid-2000s for use as a Warbird.
Aerostructures proposed a more capable version with a 110 gallon (500 l) hopper, MTOW of 2,800 lbs (1,270 kg), and a 210 hp Continental IO-360 engine. This was to be called the SA-29 Mk. 2. A larger aircraft with four seats and a one-ton hopper was also proposed; in the event neither design left the drawing board.
Aerostructures also performed a two-seat non-agricultural conversion called the Sundowner that had many of the same modifications as the Spraymaster, and which had wingtip fuel tanks as well.
External links.
Spraymaster image

</doc>
<doc id="20860800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860800" title="Carter v Boehm">
Carter v Boehm

Carter v Boehm (1766) 3 Burr 1905 is a landmark English contract law case, in which Lord Mansfield established the duty of utmost good faith or "uberrimae fidei" in insurance contracts. 
Facts.
Mr Carter was the Governor of Fort Marlborough (now Bengkulu), which was built by the British East India Company in the island of Sumatra. He took out an insurance policy with Mr Boehm against the fort being taken by a foreign enemy. A witness called Captain Tryon testified that Mr Carter knew the fort was built to resist attacks from natives but not European enemies, and the French were likely to attack. The French did attack, and Mr Boehm refused to fulfil the insurance claim. Mr Carter sued.
Judgment.
Lord Mansfield held that Mr Carter as the proposer owed a duty of utmost good faith (uberrimae fidei) to the insurer under which he was required to disclose all facts material to the risk. He stated,
Lord Mansfield went on to hold that the duty was reciprocal and that if an insurer withheld material facts, the example cited being that an insured vessel had already arrived safely, the policyholder could declare the policy void and recover the premium.
Lord Mansfield proceeded to qualify the duty of disclosure, commenting,
Lord Mansfield found in favour of the policyholder on the grounds that the insurer knew or ought to have known that the risk existed as the political situation was public knowledge and,
Significance.
In "Manifest Shipping Co Ltd v Uni-Polaris Shipping Co Ltd" [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200001/ldjudgmt/jd010118/manife-1.htm UKHL 1 Lord Hobhouse said,

</doc>
<doc id="20860814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860814" title="The Tour of Misia 2002">
The Tour of Misia 2002

The Tour of Misia 2002 was a 2001-2002 concert tour by Japanese R&B singer Misia. Total attendance figures topped 200,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20860826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860826" title="Cachouane">
Cachouane

Cachouane (also called Cachiouane and Kachiouane) is a town in Basse Casamance, southern Senegal, located in the mouth of the Casamance River, south of the island of Carabane.
History.
A conference promoting culture, peace, and non-violence was held in Cachouane on May 18, 2002.
Administration.
The village is part of the rural community of Diembéring, Oussouye, Ziguinchor.
Geography.
The nearest towns to Cachouane are Diembéring, Nikine, Carabane, Windaye, Sifoca, Bouyouye, and Ehidje.
Geology.
Cachouane is located on the edge of a saltwater stream.
Population.
According to PEPAM (Water and Sanitation Program for the Millennium), there are 297 people and 41 households in Cachouane.
Most of the population is Muslim, but some are Christian.
Economy.
Cachouane is a peninsula that is accessible both by road from Diembéring and by canoe from Elinkine.
Seafood, rice, and medicinal plants are the major products of the village. Cachouane's economy also benefits from tourism.
The village lacks a sufficient quantity of fresh water. The soil is therefore threatened by erosion and a progressive salinization. A dam is being constructed to combat these problems.
The village has a primary school, a maternity hospital, a health post, and a youth centre which is under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20860835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860835" title="Transtar, Inc.">
Transtar, Inc.

Transtar, Inc. is a subsidiary of the United States Steel Corporation. It was organized in 1988 to own U.S. Steel's railroad and other transportation subsidiaries.
Transtar owns or has owned the following companies:

</doc>
<doc id="20860846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860846" title="Da Costa v Jones">
Da Costa v Jones

Da Costa v Jones (1778) 2 Cowp 729 is a landmark English contract law case.
Facts.
A wager was made on the sex of a certain individual.
The individual concerned was a French national known as Monsieur le Chevalier D'Eon. D'Eon was a captain in the Dragoons and had served France in diplomatic postings firstly in Russia and later in England. He had been awarded the Cross of Saint-Louis during the reign of Louis XV in recognition of his service in the Dragoons and his diplomatic work. In the reign of Louis XV, the king established a spy service which was known as the Secret. The existence of Secret was not known to the king's ministers, it reported directly to him. During his time in England he fell out of favour with two of the kings ministers (a dispute having started over the level of his expenses), leading to his replacement by another diplomat, but he continued to serve his country as a spy and therefore reported indirectly to the king. He held concerns that if he were to return to France he could have been imprisoned on the Bastille. Over time he made comments which threw doubt on his true sex. Being well known in London comments about his sex became the subject of talk and comment in the press. In turn this led to numerous wagering contracts being entered into. The wager in the Da Costa v Jones was not the first to have come before the courts. In an earlier case (also before Lord Mansfield) it was held, on the evidence provided by witnesses (including two doctors) to a jury that Monsieur D'Eon was female. It was not until this case that the Court (Lord Mansfield) considered the public policy issues arising from this form of wager.
Judgment.
Lord Mansfield held the contract was ineffective, on the basis that it was not in good faith.

</doc>
<doc id="20860847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860847" title="Seuil du Poitou">
Seuil du Poitou

The Seuil du Poitou is a geological denomination for an area in western central France where the Paris (Northeast) and Aquitaine (Southwest) sedimentary basins meet, and which also is a gap between the ancient mountain ranges Massif Armoricain (Northwest) and the Massif Central (Southeast).
Situated to the south of Poitiers, the area is the drainage divide between the Loire, Charente and Sèvre basins and a border between different climatic zones
Maximum altitude on the Seuil du Poitou is 190 meters at Champagné-Saint-Hilaire.
Because it is a strategic way of access between the North and South of France, the area in or around the Seuil du Poitou has been the theater of many battles.
In 732, the Battle of Tours took place some 50 km North of the Seuil du Poitou.

</doc>
<doc id="20860863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860863" title="Hollow Water First Nation">
Hollow Water First Nation

Hollow Water First Nation is an Anishinaabe (Ojibwa) First Nation located on the east side of Lake Winnipeg, Canada, north of Pine Falls, Manitoba, and north of Winnipeg. As of February 2009, the First Nation had a registered population of 1,620 people, of which the on-reserve population was 1,021. The main economic base of the community remains hunting, fishing, trapping and wild rice harvesting.
Reserves.
The First Nation have reserved for themselves one reserve:
Governance.
Hollow Water First Nation is governed by the Act Electoral System of government. The current leadership is Chief Larry Barker and four Councilors: Furlon Barker, Derek Bushie, Geoffrey Bushie and Henry Moneas, Jr. Their two-year term concludes on January 30, 2010. Hollow Water First Nation is a member of the Southeast Resource Development Council and a signatory to Treaty 5.
Former Chiefs of the Hollow Water First Nation include Rod Bushie, who was later elected Grand Chief of Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs in August 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20860865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860865" title="Macrocephali">
Macrocephali

The Macrocephali in Medieval bestiaries were a race of humanoids with large heads.
Ancient Records.
A tribe of African men who had long heads. Their name translates as ‘Long-Headed’. They were mentioned by Hesiod, the ancient Greek writer. Some sources indicate that they may have come from India. Other than this very little is known about them.
Modern Explanations.
Some primitive and indigenous people practiced head and body modifications and therefore ancients thought of these people as strange.
External Links.
Artificial cranial deformation

</doc>
<doc id="20860869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860869" title="Suisse Atlantique Societe d'Armament SA v NV Rotterdamsche Kolen Centrale">
Suisse Atlantique Societe d'Armament SA v NV Rotterdamsche Kolen Centrale

"Suisse Atlantique Societe d'Armament SA v NV Rotterdamsche Kolen Centrale" 1 AC 361 is a landmark English contract law case, concerning the notion of a fundamental breach of contract.
Facts.
The case involved the charter of a ship for two years’ consecutive voyages between US and Europe. The ship was to be loaded at a specified rate. The owners were to be paid according to the number of voyages made during the two-year period. If the time taken for loading and unloading was longer than required, the charterers were to pay $1000 per day by way of demurrage. The charterers were taking many extra days in loading and unloading but were allowed to continue to have the use of the ship for the remainder of the two years. Eight round trips were made. However, the owners alleged that the charterers delay in loading and unloading had made a further six trips impossible and sued for damages. The owners claimed that they were not bound by that clause because the charterers by their extraordinary delays had committed a fundamental breach of the contract.
The total demurrage, at $1000 per day, was $150,000. Because of a fall in freight rates upon the re-opening of the Suez Canal, after the contract had been made, it may have been more efficient from the charterers' point of view to delay loading and unloading, and therefore breach their contract, than to carry it out by making more voyages.
Judgment.
Lord Reid said, notably, “In the ordinary way the customer has no time to read them, and if he did read them he would probably not understand them. And if he did understand and object to any of them, he would generally be told he could take it or leave it. And if he then went to another supplier the result would be the same. Freedom to contract must surely imply some choice or room for bargaining.”
The House of Lords held that the contract did not in fact prescribe a minimum number of voyages. Therefore, there was no breach by the charterers merely by undertaking only eight voyages instead of the 14-17 voyages that the owners claimed were possible.
The owners had also argued that the delays were so significant as to constitute a fundamental breach of the provision of the contract regarding time spent loading and unloading. Their Lordships held that the delays by the charterers were not a fundamental breach. Rather, as a matter of construction, the contract contemplated the possibility of delay and fixed damages ("demurrage") to compensate the owners for that delay.
Therefore, the ship owners were only entitled to claim the demurrage of $1000 per day, not their actual damages.
Their Lordships distinguished the present case from the "deviation" cases. In a typical deviation case, a party would take a ship off the pre-agreed route. Upon doing so, that would take the party's conduct outside that contemplated by the contract, and so the party could not rely on a clause in the contract limiting their liability for damages. Their Lordships distinguished the present case on the grounds that the delays were contemplated by the contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20860877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860877" title="William Watson (track and field athlete)">
William Watson (track and field athlete)

William Delouis Watson (December 18, 1916 – 1973), also known as Big Bill Watson, was an American track and field athlete. Watson was the Amateur Athletic Union (A.A.U.) decathlon champion in 1940 and 1943. He was the first African-American to win the U.S. decathlon championship and the first African-American to be selected as the captain of any athletic team at the University of Michigan, being selected as the captain of the Michigan track team in 1939. While at Michigan, Watson won 12 individual Big Ten Conference championships, including three consecutive championships (1937–1939) in the long jump, discus and shot put. He served as a police officer for the Detroit Police Department for 25 years from the early 1940s until his retirement in 1966. Watson was posthumously inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1982.
Early years.
Watson was born in 1916 in Boley, Oklahoma. He moved with his family to Saginaw, Michigan, at age seven. He was one of the most outstanding athletes in the history of Saginaw High School. Originally, Watson intended to become a boxer and took up track as a means to improve his fitness. His biography at the Saginaw County Sports Hall of Fame describes his high school accomplishments as follows:"He was discovered in a gym class at Saginaw High School by coach Chester R. Sackhouse, who had 50 boys high jumping a cross bar with Watson bouncing over it with several feet to spare. Watson was called a one-man track team at Saginaw High and also toiled in football and basketball for the Trojans. The 6 ft. 200 pounder was known for his muscular physique and set shot put, broad jump and high jump records while at Saginaw High. His toss of 53-10 3/8 in the shot put established a new state meet record ..." 
University of Michigan.
After graduating from Saginaw High School, Watson enrolled in 1935 at the University of Michigan, where he competed in track under famed track coach Charles B. Hoyt. Watson's first year of competition came as a sophomore in 1937. The 1937 Big Ten Track Championship was held in Ann Arbor in the rain, and Watson won championships in the long jump, shot put and discus, and also excelled in sprints and high hurdles. Watson's effort helped Michigan to the conference championship and led to Watson's becoming known as "the one-man track team."
During Watson's three years competing on the track team, Michigan was referred to by the Associated Press as the "Yankees" of the Western Conference track, and Coach Hoyt called the 1939 team captained by Watson "his greatest Michigan team." In his sophomore, junior and senior years, Watson dominated his events, winning Big Ten Championships in the long jump, shot put and discus three straight years from 1937-1939. In all, Watson won 12 individual championships in six track seasons (three indoor and three outdoor) competing for the University of Michigan. He also set several University of Michigan and Big Ten Conference records, including a discus record of 160-10 5/8. The Associated Press called Watson a "finely proportioned negro" and "the big gun to watch in Michigan's powerhouse array of talent." Watson was so dominant in so many events that he became known as "the University of Michigan's one-man track team." Watson's coach, Charles Hoyt, attributed Watson's amazing ability to "speed and an infinite capacity for detail." Hoyt noted that Watson spent hours at a time perfecting timing and improving muscle co-ordination and noted: "Very few athletes display such patience and willingness to learn."
In Watson's senior year, his teammates elected him as the captain of the track team, making him the first African-American ever to be elected as the captain of any team in the 102-year history of the University of Michigan. Personally, press accounts described Watson as "quiet and unassuming, intelligent, a high-ranking student," with "a thorough social understanding."
Olympic hopeful and decathlon champion.
As Watson concluded his collegiate career in 1939, he took a job as the private secretary to heavyweight boxing champion, Joe Louis, and began training for the 1940 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. Expectations were high that Watson would be one of the United States' biggest stars in the 1940 Olympic games. In June 1939, sports columnist Charles Dunkley wrote and article predicting success for Watson in Helsinki. Dunkley wrote:"Two ambitions figure to zoom 'Big Bill' Watson, 20-year-old negro lad, called the University of Michigan's one-man track team, to distinguished athletic heights. Foremost is a proud desire to wear the shield of the United States across his chest in the Olympic games in Finland a year hence. The other is to set a new world's record in the shotput. Nothing short of a permanent injury can keep this remarkable negro youngster from accomplishing both, says Charles B. Hoyt, his coach."
In predicting that a permanent injury was the only thing that could derail Watson's Olympic dreams, Dunkley and Hoyt failed to account for the outbreak of World War II in Europe less than three months away. During the summer of 1939, Watson toured pre-war Europe with a handpicked U.S. track team. And on August 21, 1939, less than two weeks before the German invasion of Poland, "Time" magazine predicted that Watson would be America's 1940 Olympic hero, even comparing him to Jesse Owens. "Time"'s August 1939 profile of Watson stated:
"In the 1936 Olympics, the No. 1 hero was Negro Jesse Owens of Cleveland ... Last week it appeared that the 1940 Olympic hero would be another midwestern U. S. Negro, 190-lb. William Delouis Watson, University of Michigan senior. In last week's meet at White City, rangy Bill Watson scored 13 of the 54 U. S. points: first in the shot put (with a record-breaking heave of 52 ft. 8 in.), first in the broad jump (24 ft. 6 in.) and third in the discus. Son of a Saginaw, Mich. dressmaker, Bill Watson—who is earning his way through college by waiting on table and acting as secretary to Prize Fighter Joe Louis — is considered the best all-round track man in the U. S. Besides winning the Big Ten championship in the shot put, broad jump and discus three years in a row, he has cleared the high jump at 6 ft. 5 ¾ in., has run 100 yd. in 10.1 sec., 440 yd. in 55 sec. If he can brush up on the pole vault, javelin, high hurdles and the 1,500-meter run, he may be America's best bet for the 1940 Decathlon championship."
With his talent in numerous track and field events, many believed Watson could have set a new world decathlon record in the Olympics. However, the 1940 Olympic games were cancelled due to the outbreak of World War II.
With the Olympics canceled, the only decathlon competition held in the United States was the June 1940 A.A.U. championship held in Cleveland, Ohio. The favorites going into the 1940 A.A.U. championship were Watson and two-time defending American decathlon champion, Joe Scott, who had overcome infantile paralysis. One writer described the anticipated matchup between Watson and Scott as follows:
"This time, however, Scott goes against the finest all-round athlete he has faced in his three years of competition -- Big Bill Watson, the negro who paced Michigan to three straight Big Ten titles. ... This is the first time Watson has participated in the grueling test and a comparison of his and Scott's abilities indicates the rest of the field will merely be a supporting cast for their act."
In the end, Watson outscored Scott by more than 800 points, finishing with 7,523 points in the two-day, 10-event championship. Watson was the first African-American to win the American decathlon championship and also set two new decathlon records, with a discus throw of 151 ft. 3-5/8 in., and a time of 10.8 seconds in the 100-meter dash.
Watson did not compete in the 1941 A.A.U. championship, but attempted a comeback at the 1942 A.A.U. meet in Chicago. Watson won the shot put and finished in second place with a score of 6,076 points—nearly 1,500 points below his 1940 point score.
By 1943, Watson had joined the Detroit Police Department, but took time to compete for the Detroit Police Athletic Club in the 1943 A.A.U. championship in Elizabeth, New Jersey. At the meet, the Detroit policeman easily won his second American decathlon championship. Watson compiled a 513-point lead in the first nine events and chose not to compete in the 1,500-meter run, the final event of the decathlon. He finished with 5,994 points in nine events, beating runner-up Joshua Williamson by 186 points.
With World War II continuing, the 1944 Olympic games were again cancelled, and with the cancellation, Watson lost his second and final chance to compete for an Olympic gold medal in the decathlon. Watson continued training in 1944 to defend his A.A.U. decathlon championship, but a sinus attack forced him to withdraw from the competition. At the time, Detroit police officer Watson said, "I sure am sorry to miss the decathlon, because I think I could have won it again."
Later years and honors.
By the time the Olympic Games were resumed in 1948, Watson had given up track competition for a full-time career with the Detroit Police Department. Watson worked as a police officer for 25 years, winning eight meritorious service citations. Watson retired from the Detroit Police Department in 1966 and died at age 56 in Detroit in 1973. Waston is buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery in Saginaw. He was posthumously inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1982 and was inducted into the inaugural class of the Saginaw County Sports Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20860893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860893" title="Summit Range">
Summit Range

The Summit Range is a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
They are one of the eastern limits of the Fremont Valley, and in the Mojave Desert.

</doc>
<doc id="20860905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860905" title="Plane strain compression test">
Plane strain compression test

The plane strain compression test, also known as the Watts-Ford test, is an engineering test, and is a particularly specialized way of determining some of the material characteristics of the metal being tested, and its specialization can be summarized by this quote:
The test is useful when the sheet pieces are too small for a tensile test of a balanced biaxial test. It can give stress-strain curves up to considerably higher strains than tensile tests.
The Advantages of the Watts-Ford test are:-
1) It is Very Convenient for testing thin sheets or strips.
2) It is very similar to a rolling process (in manufacturing analyses)
3) Frictional effects may be minimised
4) There is no 'barelling' as would occur in a cylindrical compression test.
5) The plane strain deformation eases the analysis.
The testing essentially consists of a thin metal bar being compressed by two equally wide compressive strips, which are located of opposite sides of the thin bar. Then, over a range of increasing loads on the bar, the compressive forces lead to the thickness of the metal bar being reduced. This change of thickness is then measured sequentially after each loading, and after some mathematics a stress-strain curve can be plotted.

</doc>
<doc id="20860912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860912" title="Superstition Hills">
Superstition Hills

The Superstition Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert, in western Imperial County, southern California.
They are located southeast of the Salton Sea, in the Lower Colorado River Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20860914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860914" title="Rhewl">
Rhewl

Rhewl is a village on the A525 between Ruthin and Denbigh in the county of Denbighshire in Wales. 
The village is notable for its football club, Rhewl F.C. Rhewl primary school was one of many schools due to be shut down but protests by the local newspapers and parents of the pupils saved the school from being shut down. The village holds an annual Family Fun Day with live music, hog roast, displays and many more attractions.
The village is also noted for the Drovers Arms public house and Lady Bagot's Drive, a picturesque two mile walk up the River Clywedog that was originally laid as a carriageway by Lord Bagot for his wife in the Edwardian times to traverse between Rhewl and Bontuchel. Parts of the drive are privately owned.

</doc>
<doc id="20860920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860920" title="Colin MacDougall">
Colin MacDougall

Colin MacDougall (March 3, 1834 in Aldborough, Upper Canada – October 25, 1901) was a politician and lawyer.
The son of Lachlin MacDougall and Sarah Ruthwen, he was educated locally and at the University of Michigan. In 1864, MacDougall married Catherine Ross. He was called to the Ontario bar in 1869. MacDougall served as reeve for the township from 1857 to 1858 and from 1860 to 1861. He ran unsuccessfully for the Elgin West seat in the House of Commons in 1867. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in an 1874 by-election, after the death of William Harvey on June 14, 1874. He lost in the 1878 election to Thomas Arkell.

</doc>
<doc id="20860921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860921" title="Steven Bennet">
Steven Bennet

Steven (or Stephen) Bennet was an early 17th-century explorer, sealer, and whaler. 
Life.
In 1603 he was master of the 50-ton ship "Grace", sent by Sir Francis Cherry on a trading and exploratory voyage. After sailing to the Kola River, they went to the northwest, intending to make "some further discoveries". On August 16 (OS) they sighted Bear Island—the first English expedition to do so. They spent the next day exploring the coast, but returned aboard ship "without any profit". The expedition returned to London on September 10.
The following year, 1604, Bennet was sent as master of the 60-ton ship "Godspeed" on a trading and sealing expedition, with Thomas Welden as merchant. They left London in mid-April, and spent the following two months in Norway and Russia. They came to Bear Island early in July. They stayed at the island until July 13, taking over a hundred walrus with fowling pieces and muskets. They spent the latter half of July and part of August at "Pechingo in Lapland" and Kola, returning to the Thames on October 15. On their return to London they renamed Bear Island "Cherry Island", in honor of Sir Francis Cherry, who "was at the charges of this Discoverie". 
In 1605 Bennet was again sent as master of a 60-ton ship on a voyage to Cherry Island, with Welden as merchant, again. They left London on May 1, but were captured by a Dunkirk ship on the 23rd, which, "tooke from us two Hogsheads of strong Beere, our Muskets, a Fowling Peece of Master Weldens, which cost three pounds sterling." They arrived at Cherry Island on July 2, and four days later began hunting walrus, now killing them with both "shot and javelings". They obtained eleven tuns of oil, as well as taking their tusks. The expedition returned to London on August 24. 
In 1606 Bennet was again master of the same 60-ton ship on a sealing expedition to Cherry Island, with Welden again as merchant. In 1611 he served as master of the 150-ton ship "Mary Margaret", which was sent to Spitsbergen on a whaling expedition. Due to Bennet's negligence the "Mary Margaret" was driven ashore by ice in or near Engelskbukta. The men were forced to row and sail to Bear Island, where they found Jonas Poole, master of the "Elizabeth" (which was sent to accompany the "Mary Margaret").

</doc>
<doc id="20860928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860928" title="L'Homme idéal">
L'Homme idéal

L’Homme idéal is a French film directed by Xavier Gélin and released in 1997.
Synopsis.
Marie, incapable of choosing between three marriage proposals, decides to give up. Circumstances mean that the three men meet. Far from being hostile, Stéphane, Fabrice and Paul console each other...

</doc>
<doc id="20860947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860947" title="Zincate">
Zincate

In chemistry the term zincate may refer to
Zincate - plating processes.
In industry it can refer to the alkaline solutions used in a dipping (immersion) process to plate aluminium with zinc prior to electrolytic or electroless nickel plating. This immersion process is electroless (i.e. not electroplating) and involves the displacement of zinc from zincate by aluminum:
It can also refer to alkaline solutions used in electroplating of e.g. steel with zinc.
Inorganic compound nomenclature.
In the naming of inorganic compounds zincate is a suffix that indicates that a polyatomic anion contains a central zinc atom. Examples include tetrachlorozincate, ZnCl42−, the tetrahydroxozincate, Zn(OH)42− and tetranitratozincate, Zn(NO3)42−. More recent recommendations (2005), that are not widely used, would call the first two ions tetrachloridozincate(2−) and tetrahydroxidozincate(2−) respectively.
Zincates aqueous chemistry.
It is now generally accepted that the ionic species in alkali solutions of ZnO or Zn(OH)2 contain Zn(OH)42−. Earlier Raman studies had been interpreted as indicating the existence of linear ZnO22− ions.

</doc>
<doc id="20860950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860950" title="Josef Frank (architect)">
Josef Frank (architect)

Josef Frank (July 15, 1885, in Baden bei Wien – January 8, 1967, in Stockholm) was an Austrian-born architect, artist, and designer who adopted Swedish citizenship in the latter half of his life. Together with Oskar Strnad, he created the Vienna School of Architecture, and its concept of Modern houses, housing and interiors.
Life.
Josef Frank was of Jewish ancestry. His parents, merchant Ignaz (Isak) Frank (October 17, 1851 – January 27, 1921 Vienna) and the Vienna-born Jenny (September 3, 1861–10 February 1941 Vienna), were originally from Heves in Hungary. He designed his parents' grave in the old Jewish section of Vienna's Central Cemetery (Group 19, Row 58, Grave No.52). He studied architecture at the Vienna University of Technology. He then taught at the Vienna School of Arts from 1919 to 1925. He was a founding member of the Vienna Werkbund, initiator and leader of the 1932 project Werkbundsiedlung in Vienna. In 1933, he emigrated to Sweden, where he gained citizenship in 1939. He was the most prestigious designer in the Stockholm design company Svenskt Tenn (Swedish Pewter). He remained in Sweden after 1945 despite attempts to return him to Vienna.
Legacy.
Josef Frank dealt early on with public housing and housing estates. Contrary to most other architects of the interwar period in Vienna, he took the idea of settlement and not the creation of so-called super blocks in the municipal housing. He also rejected facade decor and clearly preferred functional forms. The Viennese architect and furniture designer Luigi Blue refers to him as one of his idols.
In addition to his architectural work he created numerous designs for furniture, furnishings, fabrics, wallpaper and carpet. He has been a painter, as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20860951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860951" title="Sweitzer Hills">
Sweitzer Hills

The Sweitzer Hills are a low mountain range in northern Yolo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20860961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860961" title="2009 Tennessee Titans season">
2009 Tennessee Titans season

The 2009 Tennessee Titans season is the 50th season for the original American Football League team, their 40th in the NFL, and 13th in Tennessee. The Titans aimed to equal or improve on their 2008 NFL best 13–3 record; however, they lost the first 6 games of that season. The Titans would switch their starting QB to Vince Young where they won 7 out of their next 8 games before a 42–17 loss to the Chargers in Week 16 eliminated the team from playoff contention.
Second-year running back Chris Johnson won the NFL rushing title with 2,006 rushing yards, and set the NFL record for most yards from scrimmage in a single season, with 2,509.
Schedule.
The Titans played the Buffalo Bills on August 8 in the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game, pitting teams owned by Bud Adams (Titans) and Ralph C. Wilson, Jr. (Bills). They are two of the three surviving members of the ""Foolish Club"", the eight original owners of American Football League franchises. The 2009 Professional Football season will celebrate what would have been the AFL's 50th. Both the Bills and Titans wore AFL throwbacks, with the Titans in Houston Oilers uniforms.
Regular season results.
Week 1: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Titans began their season at Heinz Field for the annual kickoff game against the defending Super Bowl champions, the Pittsburgh Steelers. After a scoreless first quarter, Tennessee trailed near the end of the second quarter as Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completed a 34-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Santonio Holmes. Afterwards, the Titans would tie the game as quarterback Kerry Collins completed a 16-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Justin Gage.
After a scoreless third quarter, Tennessee took the lead as kicker Rob Bironas got a 45-yard field goal, while Pittsburgh kicker Jeff Reed made a 32-yard field goal to tie the game. In overtime, the Steelers got the win as Reed nailed a game-winning 33-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Titans started the season out at 0–1.
Week 2: vs. Houston Texans.
Hoping to rebound from their loss against the Steelers, the Titans went home for their Week 2 home opener against their AFC South foe, the Houston Texans. Tennessee would strike first in the opening quarter as running back Chris Johnson got a 57-yard touchdown run. The Texans would answer with quarterback Matt Schaub completing a 19-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Andre Johnson, yet the Titans would reply with quarterback Kerry Collins completing a 69-yard touchdown pass to Johnson. Tennessee would add onto their lead in the second quarter as Collins completed a 8-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Washington. However, Houston took the lead as Schaub completed a 72-yard touchdown pass to Johnson and a 29-yard touchdown pass to Jacoby Jones, followed by a 38-yard field goal from kicker Kris Brown. The Titans would close out the half as kicker Rob Bironas made a 40-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Tennessee would regain the lead as Johnson got a 91-yard touchdown run. The Texans would tie the game again as Schaub completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Owen Daniels. In the fourth quarter, Houston took the lead as Brown nailed a 23-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Texans' defense prevented any attempt at an offensive rally.
With the loss, the Titans drop to 0–2.
Week 3: at New York Jets.
Trying to snap a two-game losing skid, the Titans flew to The Meadowlands, donned their Houston Oilers throwbacks, and played a Week 3 AFL Legacy game with the New York Jets. Tennessee would struggle in the first quarter as Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez got a 14-yard touchdown run and completed a 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Ben Hartsock. The Titans would climb into the game in the second quarter with running back LenDale White's 5-yard touchdown run and kicker Rob Bironas' 38-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Tennessee would take the lead with quarterback Kerry Collins' 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Washington. However, New York would strike back with Sanchez's 6-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery. The Jets would increase their lead in the fourth quarter with kicker Jay Feely's 48-yard field goal. The Titans tried to rally, but New York's defense would stand firm and prevented any possible comeback attempt.
With the loss, Tennessee would fall to 0–3 for the first time since the 2006 season.
Week 4: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
Hoping to save their season, the Titans flew to Jacksonville Municipal Stadium for a Week 4 AFC South duel with the Jacksonville Jaguars. Tennessee would trail early in the first quarter as Jaguars kicker Josh Scobee got a 22-yard field goal, followed by running back Maurice Jones-Drew's 9-yard Touchdown. The Titans would get in the game in the second quarter with kicker Rob Bironas making a 29-yard field goal. However, Jacksonville came right back with quarterback David Garrard completing a 9-yard and a 15-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Mike Sims-Walker, with Scobee's 50-yard field goal in between.
The Jaguars would continue to build their lead as Scobee nailed a 33-yard field goal. Tennessee would then begin its comeback attempt with quarterback Kerry Collins completing a 14-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Washington (with a failed 2-point conversion). The Titans kept their rally going in the fourth quarter with Collins getting a 10-yard touchdown run, followed by running back Chris Johnson's 2-point conversion run. However, Jacksonville would pull away with Garrard's 33-yard touchdown pass to tight end Marcedes Lewis.
With this loss, Tennessee fell to 0–4.
Week 5: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
Down four games, the Titans went home for a Week 5 Sunday night duel with their AFC South rival, the Indianapolis Colts. Tennessee would trail in the first quarter as Colts quarterback Peyton Manning found wide receiver Reggie Wayne on a 3-yard touchdown pass. The Titans would answer with a 49-yard and a 43-yard field goal from kicker Rob Bironas, but Indianapolis came right back in the second quarter with running back Joseph Addai's 1-yard touchdown run. Tennessee tried to keep it close with Bironas nailing a 46-yard field goal, yet the Colts continued its domination with Manning hooking up with wide receiver Austin Collie on a 39-yard touchdown pass. Afterwards, Indianapolis would pull away in the second half. Manning connected with Collie again on a 6-yard touchdown pass, followed by kicker Adam Vinatieri booting a 23-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Titans fell to 0–5.
Week 6: at New England Patriots.
Still looking for their first win of the season, the Titans flew to Gillette Stadium, donned Oilers throwback uniforms, and played a Week 6 AFL Legacy game with the New England Patriots in a rare October snowstorm. Tennessee's struggles continued as Patriots running back Laurence Maroney got a 45-yard touchdown run, followed by kicker Stephen Gostkowski making a 33-yard field goal. Things got worse for the Titans in the second quarter as quarterback Tom Brady completed five touchdown passes, two to wide receiver Randy Moss (40-yard and 28-yard), one to running back Kevin Faulk (38-yard), and two to wide receiver Wes Welker (30-yard and 5-yard). The Patriots' 45–0 halftime lead was the largest in NFL history. New England would then conclude their scoring in the third quarter with Brady's 9-yard touchdown pass to Moss, followed by backup quarterback Brian Hoyer's one-yard touchdown run. The Titan's quarterback Kerry Collins threw for −7 yards, while Vince Young threw for 0.
With the loss, not only did the Titans go into the bye week at 0–6 (their first such start since 1984), but they suffered their worst loss in franchise history, eclipsing a 61–7 loss to Cincinnati in 1989, when the team was the Houston Oilers. This was the first 59–0 game since 1976, and only the fourth in NFL history. It was the largest blowout in the season.
Week 8: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
Coming off their bye week, the Titans went home for a Week 8 AFC South rematch with the Jacksonville Jaguars. In this game, quarterback Vince Young would make his first start since Week 1 of the 2008 NFL season.
Tennessee got off to a fast start in the first quarter with kicker Rob Bironas booting a 48-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Titans would add onto their lead as Young hooked up with wide receiver Nate Washington on a 6-yrd touchdown pass, followed by Bironas nailing a 25-yard field goal. The Jaguars would answer with an 80-yard touchdown run from running back Maurice Jones-Drew.
In the third quarter, Jacksonville would tie the game as Jones-Drew got a 79-yard touchdown run (with a blocked PAT), yet Tennessee came right back with a 52-yard touchdown run from running back Chris Johnson and a 45-yard field goal from Bironas. Afterwards, the Titans pulled away in the fourth quarter with Johnson getting an 89-yard touchdown.
With the win, Tennessee improved to 1–6 and snapped a 7-game winning streak dating back to Week 17 of 2008.
This would become the first game in NFL history where there were 4 touchdown runs of 50 or more yards. Also, Johnson (24 carries for 228 yards) and Jones-Drew (8 carries for 177 yards) would join the Browns' Bobby Mitchell (14 carries for 232 yards) and the Redskins' Johnny Olszewski (18 carries for 190 yards) on November 15, 1959 as the only pair of opposing running backs to both have at least 175 yards rushing in the same game.
Week 9: at San Francisco 49ers.
Coming off their divisional home win over the Jaguars, the Titans flew to Candlestick Park for a Week 9 interconference duel with the San Francisco 49ers. Tennessee would trail early in the first quarter as 49ers kicker Joe Nedney got a 40-yard field goal, yet the Titans would answer with kicker Rob Bironas making a 21-yard field goal. The Titans would take the lead in the second quarter as quarterback Vince Young got a 10-yard touchdown run, but San Francisco would close out the half with a 3-yard touchdown run from running back Frank Gore and a 12-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Alex Smith to wide receiver Jason Hill.
In the third quarter, Tennessee would tie the game as running back Chris Johnson got a 1-yard touchdown. The 49ers would retake their lead in the fourth quarter with Nedney nailing a 25-yard field goal, yet the Titans would regain the lead with Johnson's 2-yard touchdown run, Bironas' 28-yard field goal, and cornerback Cortland Finnegan's 39-yard interception return for a touchdown. San Francisco tried to make a comeback as Smith found Hill again on a 3-yard touchdown pass, yet Tennessee's defense held up for the victory.
With the win, the Titans improved to 2–6.
Week 10: vs. Buffalo Bills.
Coming off their road win over the 49ers, the Titans went home, donned their Houston Oilers throwbacks, and played a Week 10 AFL Legacy game with the Buffalo Bills. Tennessee would trail early in the first quarter as Bills running back Fred Jackson threw a 27-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Lee Evans. The Titans would respond as running back Chris Johnson got a 28-yard touchdown run, followed by quarterback Vince Young hooking up with wide receiver Nate Washington on a 14-yard touchdown pass. In the second quarter, Tennessee would increase their lead as kicker Rob Bironas booted a 38-yard field goal. Buffalo would end the half with quarterback Trent Edwards finding Evans on an 8-yard touchdown pass.
The Bills would tie the game in the third quarter with kicker Rian Lindell booting a 25-yard field goal, yet the Titans would explode with points in the fourth quarter. It began with Johnson's 1-yard touchdown run, followed by Bironas' 51-yard field goal. It would follow up with safety Vincent Fuller returning an interception 26 yards for a touchdown and cornerback Rod Hood returning an interception 31 yards for a touchdown.
With the win, Tennessee would improve to 3–6.
Chris Johnson (26 carries, 132 yards, 2 TDs and 9 catches, 100 yards) would join Billy Cannon as the only players in franchise history to rush and receive for 100 yards in one game. He would also join Earl Campbell in 1980 as the only players in franchise history to have two rushing touchdowns in three-straight games.
At the end of the game, owner Bud Adams raised his middle fingers to Buffalo players from his box and was subsequently fined $250,000 by Roger Goodell, who was in attendance at the game.
Week 11: at Houston Texans.
Coming off their win over the Bills, the Titans flew to Reliant Stadium for an AFC South rivalry match against the Houston Texans. In the first quarter the Titans trailed early as QB Matt Schaub got a 3-yard touchdown pass to RB Steve Slaton. In the second quarter they replied with QB Vince Young completing a 13-yard touchdown pass to WR Kenny Britt. Then Houston tried to pull away as Schaub hooked up with WR Andre Johnson on a 13-yard touchdown pass, until the Titans replied again with RB LenDale White making a 1-yard touchdown run.
The Titans got the lead in the third quarter as kicker Rob Bironas made a 50-yard field goal, but the Texans replied to tie the game when kicker Kris Brown made a 26-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter the Titans scored for the win when Bironas got a 53-yard field goal. Brown had a chance to tie the game and sent it into overtime for the second game in a row and for the second game in a row he missed giving the Titans the victory.
With the win, the Titans improve to 4–6.
Week 12: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
The game would start with a Rob Bironas field goal to take a 3 nothing lead. However, to end the first half, Tennessee was holding the defending NFC champs 6–3, but an extended play with 5 seconds left on Arizona's 20 or so, would diminish Tennessees chances for a field goal. Tennessee scored the first touchdown during the second half to take a 13–3 lead, but Arizona scored 14 straight points with the help of Lerod Stevens-Howling returning a kickoff for a touchdown. Facing a 17–13 deficit at their own 1-yard line, Vince Young led the Titans on an 18 play drive which featured him throwing for 94 yards, running for 5 and converting three 4th downs including a 4th & goal to Kenny Britt as time expired for a touchdown to win 20–17. The win improved the team to 5–6 and marked the first time in NFL history that a team won five-straight games after losing their first six.
Week 13: at Indianapolis Colts.
With the loss, the Titans' 5-game winning streak came to an end and they were swept by the Colts after losing their 3rd straight game to them as they fell to 5–7.
Week 14: vs. St. Louis Rams.
With the win, the Titans improved to 6–7.
Week 15: vs. Miami Dolphins.
With both teams fighting for their playoff lives the Titans clawed to a 24–9 lead over the Dolphins, but two fourth-quarter touchdowns by Chad Henne forced overtime. Henne, however, was intercepted in overtime, setting up a 46-yard game-winning Rob Bironas field goal.
With the win, the Titans improved to 7–7.
Week 16: vs. San Diego Chargers.
With the loss, the Titans fell to 7–8.
Week 17: at Seattle Seahawks.
With the win, the Titans were good enough to finish the season at 8–8 and 3rd place in their division.

</doc>
<doc id="20860970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860970" title="Abortion in Guyana">
Abortion in Guyana

Abortion in Guyana is a complex issue. Throughout much of the 20th century, it was officially illegal but rarely were laws against abortion ever enforced. In 1995, legislation was passed which made abortion legal as long as it was done within the first 8 weeks of pregnancy and done with the consent of the pregnant woman and by a licensed medical practitioner.
Between 8 and 12 weeks from conception, abortion is only legal if the pending childbirth would result in health risks for the woman or the fetus, or if the pregnancy occurred despite the use of contraceptives. Between 12 and 16 weeks, an abortion can still be legally performed, but only if the health of the woman or fetus is in danger. After 16 weeks, it is only possible to perform an abortion in the case of severe health-related circumstances.
In 2006, the Guyanese government theoretically cleared the way for public hospitals to "perform abortions." In actuality, the public hospitals only complete abortions which have already been partially undertaken by pregnant women. They began doing so in 2008.
The Guyanese government continues to look for ways to lower the number of abortions in Guyana.

</doc>
<doc id="20860972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860972" title="Centre Commercial Al Qods">
Centre Commercial Al Qods

The Centre Commercial Al Qods () is a shopping mall in Algiers, Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20860985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860985" title="Zebec">
Zebec

Zebec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20860987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860987" title="Jamie Shepherd">
Jamie Shepherd

Jamie Shepherd (born 26 June in Bangor, Gwynedd, North Wales) is a British newsreader and reporter.
Shepherd is currently working at Global Radio, ITN and ITV London.
Media career.
At 18 years of age, the former Ysgol Eifionydd, Porthmadog pupil started reading bilingual Welsh news bulletins for local radio stations Heart Cymru and Heart North Wales Coast.
During his degree at Staffordshire University, Stoke-on-Trent, Jamie was freelancing at Dee 106.3 in Chester, Brmb in Birmingham, Heart 100.7 in Birmingham and Heart Radio in North Wales and Cheshire.
Currently, he reads the news at Global Radio, Leicester Square, London for the Heart Radio Network, LBC, XFM, Choice FM and the Gold Radio Network. Jamie also works at ITV London as a producer and reporter. 
In 2008, Jamie was selected as a news reporter for BBC News 24 through the Blast scheme.
Shepherd has appeared on Channel 4, E4, BBC News 24, Five News, S4C, and ITV.
Personal life.
He currently lives in east London.

</doc>
<doc id="20860994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860994" title="Mandi (legendary creature)">
Mandi (legendary creature)

The Mandi are short-lived people in Medieval bestiaries . According to Pliny the Elder they had a lifespan of forty years, and reached maturity at seven years.

</doc>
<doc id="20860997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860997" title="Simonstorp">
Simonstorp

Simonstorp is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 258 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20860999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860999" title="Samurai Sentai Shinkenger">
Samurai Sentai Shinkenger

Story.
For eighteen generations, samurai of the have suppressed the evil intentions of the Gedoushu, malevolent spirits that enter the world of the living from gaps between buildings and other structures. Now, Takeru Shiba, the youngest head of the Shiba Clan must gather his four in order to battle the Gedoushu under the revived Doukoku Chimatsuri as the Shinkengers. However, as they are joined by his childhood friend Genta, the vassals slowly learn that there's a reason for Takeru's behavior that sets him apart from his predecessors.
Shinkengers.
Using the mystical power known as , these six youths can transform into the Shinkengers to combat the Gedoushu.
Gedoushu.
The are malevolent spirits that dwell in the Sanzu River that try to escape through various gaps in the living world to cause mayhem and allow the Sanzu River to flood both the land of the living and the land of the dead. Their leading members live aboard the and consist of Doukoku Chimatsuri, Tayu Usukawa and Shitari of the Bones. Under their control are the who enter the mortal world, assisted by the Nanashi Company. There is also the rogue Juzo Fuwa who acting on his interests and the mysterious Akumaro Sujigarano who has an agenda of his own.
Episodes.
The episodes are numbered as and completely written in kanji. Episodes of "Kamen Rider Decade" on July 12 and July 19, 2009, as well as Shinkenger Act 21, featured a crossover between the two series.
Films.
"The Fateful War".
The film opened in Japanese theaters on August 8, 2009, double-billed with the "Kamen Rider Decade" film. Unlike previous films, it was filmed in 3-D, and is the first film in Japan to be filmed digitally in 3-D. A normal 2-D version is being shown in most theaters in Japan.
"Shinkenger vs. Go-onger".
The film was released in theaters on January 30, 2010, featuring a crossover between the "Shinkenger" and "Go-onger" casts and characters. The heroes of "Tensou Sentai Goseiger" make a cameo appearance in the film.
"Goseiger vs. Shinkenger".
The film was released in theaters on January 22, 2011, featuring a crossover between the "Goseiger" and "Shinkenger" casts and characters. The heroes of "Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger" make a cameo appearance in the film.
Special DVD.
Genta finds a starved member of the Nanashi Company who tells Genta that he has run away from the Rokumon Junk after being sick of his Company being abused by the stronger Gedoushu. Feeling sorry for him, Genta takes him back to the Shiba House and tries to get him a job. After Takeru refuses to help due to the fact that he is a member of the Gedoushu, Genta attempts to prove Takeru wrong about the Nanashi with the help of the kuroko. However, after nearly burning to death, the Nanashi feels that he is a lost cause, believing he is doomed to fail. Genta encourages him not to give up. The next day, Takeru discovers that the Inromaru and the Super Disk are gone along with the Nanashi. Remembering the Nanashi's love for "chirashizushi", Genta lures him out with it and is shocked that the Nanashi has stolen the Inromaru. 
While telling Genta another sob story, the Nanashi sucker punches him before using the Inromaru to turn into Super Nanashi. Super Nanashi reveals that he has used Genta to steal the Inromaru, and he adds on that he never liked Genta's sushi. Enraged, Genta transforms into Shinken Gold and with Shinken Red fights the Super Nanashi. The two are no match for Super Nanashi until Shinken Gold uses the Kyoryu Disk to become Hyper Shinken Gold. With his newfound power, he and Shinken Red are able to slay Super Nanashi and retrieve the Inromaru. After the fight, Genta is still disappointed that he believed Super Nanashi along with the Company member insulting sushi. Takeru cheers him up by requesting a piece of sushi and enjoying it, raising Genta's spirits.
V-Cinema.
In June 2010, the V-Cinema release was released. The Shinkengers are attacked by a remnant Gedoushu Ayakashi who traps them in various film genres.
Songs.
The opening and ending themes of "Shinkenger" are performed by Psychic Lover and Hideaki Takatori as part of Project.R, respectively. The opening is also featured as a playable song in "".
Its opening theme song single ranked highly on the Oricon charts, reaching #4 on the Daily Ranking Charts on its day of release. and peaked at #6 on the weekly charts selling 20,130 copies within its first week of release and stayed in the top 30 ranks for 4 weeks straight.

</doc>
<doc id="20861010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861010" title="Commando (pigeon)">
Commando (pigeon)

Commando was a pigeon used in service with the British armed forces during the Second World War to carry crucial intelligence. The pigeon carried out more than ninety missions during the war, and received the Dickin Medal (the animal equivalent of the Victoria Cross) for three particularly notable missions in 1942. The medal was later sold at an auction for £9,200.
Early life.
Commando, a red chequer bird, was bred in Haywards Heath, Sussex in the United Kingdom by Sid Moon. Moon was a pigeon fancier who had served with the Army Pigeon Service during the First World War. With the outbreak of the Second World War, Moon offered the service of his pigeons to the war effort in 1939. Commando was one of the pigeons taken into military service.
Military career.
Pigeons were used where radio communications had become highly dangerous.
A small canister was attached to the pigeon's leg, which contained the information that was being sent. Fewer than one in eight of the pigeons were able to conclude their missions successfully. Most fell victim to the marksmen and falconers that German troops used to intercept these birds along the French coast, while others were killed through bad weather, exhaustion, or by wild birds of prey.
Serving with the National Pigeon Service (NPS) during the Second World War, Commando had been given the identification code "N.U.R.P.38.EGU.242". During his career, Commando made more than ninety trips into and out of German occupied France, carrying confidential messages. Messenger pigeons were carried into the war zones by British paratroopers, and released as needed with messages attached to fly home. He was noted for three particular missions carried out in 1942—one in June, another in August, and the third in September—in which he carried crucial intelligence to Britain from agents in France. This vital information included the location of German troops, industrial sites and injured British soldiers.
Recognition.
For these three missions that Commando conducted, he received the PDSA Dickin Medal, which is considered to be the animals' medal equivalent to the Victoria Cross, the highest military award for bravery in the UK. He received the award along with Royal Blue, the King's pigeon from the Royal Lofts at Sandringham. They were both presented their awards on 12 April 1945 in London by Rear Admiral R. M. Bellairs. The citation for the award that Commando received is as follows.
The medal was auctioned by Valerie Theobold, Moon's grand daughter, in 2004. It was bought by a British collector for £9,200. It had been valued in a range between £5,000 to £7,000.
Post-military life.
After the war, Commando enjoyed a somewhat celebrity-like status. He also participated in an exhibition of wartime homing pigeons.

</doc>
<doc id="20861011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861011" title="Phillip Frazer">
Phillip Frazer

Phillip Frazer, (born 1 May 1946, in Melbourne, Australia) is a writer, editor and publisher. He was a founder of the teen pop newspaper, "Go-Set" in 1966 which was published weekly until 1974, introducing Australia's first national pop record charts and featuring many notable contributors. Frazer also published more explicitly counter-culture magazines, namely "Revolution", "High Times" and "The Digger". He launched the Australian edition of "Rolling Stone" magazine first as a supplement in "Revolution" in 1970, then as a full-fledged magazine in 1972. From 1976 to 2011 Frazer lived in the United States where he launched or collaborated in the launching of numerous political publications, most notably "The Hightower Lowdown".
Biography.
Phillip Frazer was born in Melbourne, Australia in 1946 and graduated Monash University with an arts degree majoring in politics. He co-edited the student newspaper "Lot's Wife" in 1965 with future parliamentarian Peter Steedman. Early in 1966, Frazer, fellow Monash student Tony Schauble, and local band manager Peter Raphael launched "Go-Set", a teen-oriented pop music newspaper. The magazine was soon selling more than 70,000 copies a week, with more than 25 full-time staff in offices in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth. With the sole exception of the accountant, all the staff were under 30. Many went on to significant careers in journalism (Greg Quill, Vince Lovegrove), creative writing (Lily Brett, Jean Bedford, Damien Broderick), photography (Colin Beard, Grant Mudford), filmmaking (David Elfick, Bob Weis), graphic art (Ian McCausland) and television (Molly Meldrum). 
In 1970, Frazer used "Go-Set'"s facilities to launch a counter-cultural monthly named "Revolution", then negotiated with "Rolling Stone" owner and publisher Jann Wenner for several pages of that magazine to be included as a supplement. Frazer folded "Revolution" into a new magazine he called "High Times" in August 1971, then left "Go-Set" when, in February 1972, the paper's chief creditor seized control. Later that year he launched the Australian "Rolling Stone" as a separate magazine, and then founded "The Digger". (The Australian "Rolling Stone" continues to be published monthly.) With Frazer as the common thread,"The Digger" was produced by a frequently changing collective—including Bruce Hanford, Helen Garner, Ponch Hawkes, Colin Talbot, Garrie Hutchinson, Virginia Fraser, and Isabelle Rosemberg, plus Hall Greenland, Grant Evans and Michael Zerman in the Sydney office—until December 1975, when it folded under the weight of too little money and too many lawsuits—a libel suit from Builders Labourers union boss Norm Gallagher, another filed by a senior South Australian police official, and an obscenity case brought by the State of Victoria for Helen Garner's article describing a sex-education class. Frazer left Australia for the United States in July, 1976.
In New York, Frazer became an editor of "Seven Days", a U.S. alternative newsmagazine, then worked on other U.S. political magazines including "The Nation", the anti-nuclear-power organization No-Nukes, and in 1981-82 edited Ralph Nader's "Multinational Monitor". In the 1990s he published the liberal "Washington Spectator" newsletter, and published, edited and wrote the environment newsletter "News on Earth". In 1999 he founded Hightower Lowdown with Jim Hightower. "The Lowdown", with around 100,000 paying subscribers, is one of the biggest circulation political publications in the US, notable for its criticism of Bill Clinton's, George W. Bush's and Barack Obama's administrations for being beholden to corporations and a corporatist ideology. Frazer published and co-edited the newsletter until August 2013 when he relocated to Australia where he plans to launch a news website, The View from Coorabell Ridge, in mid-2014.
Personal life.
Frazer had two children with Cydney Pullman. His partner since 2004 is Kate Veitch, who is the author of two novels "Listen" (2008) published in the US as "Without a Backward Glance", and "Trust" (2009), and essays published in The Griffith Review.

</doc>
<doc id="20861012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861012" title="Ensjön">
Ensjön

Ensjön is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 333 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20861013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861013" title="Silver Towers">
Silver Towers

The Silver Towers are twin residential buildings in the Hell's Kitchen Clinton neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. The 60-story buildings stand on the west side of Eleventh Avenue between 41st Street and 42nd Street near the Hudson River and contain 1,359 units. The project includes a 75-foot pool, the largest in a New York City residential building, as well as a quarter-acre public park on the west side of the towers. The Silver Towers were completed in June 2009.
Larry Silverstein, who developed the buildings, bought the block between 42nd and 41st Streets between 11th and 12th Avenues in 1984 for $20 million. At the time, the site was vacant and zoned for single story industrial use. The block was rezoned in 1989, and One River Place, a 41-story residential high-rise on the west end opened in 2000. In 2000, Silverstein contemplated developing an office building on the east end of the block. A few years later, the site was considered as the location for a 1,500-room hotel as part of the plans to expand the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center.
Costas Kondylis is the architect for the Silver Towers, who also designed One River Place. The original design called for a single large residential building (Two River Place) like its neighbor on the west end of the block. However, it was changed to two buildings to make the halls feel more intimate.

</doc>
<doc id="20861039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861039" title="Van Damm">
Van Damm

van Damm (properly written with a small "v") is a surname of Dutch origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="20861051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861051" title="Nuli">
Nuli

The Nuli in Medieval bestiaries were a race of people with backwards, eight-toed feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20861056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861056" title="Nothung Syndrome">
Nothung Syndrome

"Nothung Syndrome" is the 8th single of Japanese musician and producer Daisuke Asakura. It is also the 1st single to be released as a part of his "DA METAVERSE ~100 Songs for 1000 days~" campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20861060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861060" title="Lonnie Coleman">
Lonnie Coleman

Lonnie Coleman (1920–1982) was an American novelist and playwright best known for writing the Beulah Land trilogy. He was born William Laurence "Lonnie" Coleman August 2, 1920, in Bartow, Georgia. He attended grade and high schools in various cities in Georgia, Florida, and Alabama and graduated from the University of Alabama in 1942 with a B.A. degree. From 1942 to 1946 he was in the U.S. Navy, spending most of his time at sea as gunnery officer and then as first lieutenant on a troop transport which took part in the invasions of North Africa, Sicily, Italy, France, and Okinawa and landed the first occupation troops in Kyushu, Japan.
He died from cancer in Candler General Hospital on August 13, 1982 in Savannah, Georgia at age 62. His first novel was published in 1944. Coleman was an associate editor at Ladies Home Journal 1947-1950 and Collier's, 1951-1955. 
Coleman's 1959 novel "Sam" is considered a groundbreaking novel in American literature in its depiction of homosexuality and metropolitan gay life. 
Coleman's book "Beulah Land" was a New York Times Best Seller in 1974 and earned a record-breaking $800,000 paperback rights contract. His novels "Beulah Land" and "Look Away, Beulah Land" were filmed in 1980 as the NBC miniseries Beulah Land starring Lesley Ann Warren, Michael Sarrazin. Meredith Baxter, and Don Johnson. 
Coleman had three plays produced on Broadway, but none were successful. "Jolly's Progress" starred Eartha Kitt and Wendell Corey and ran for a week in December 1959. His other two plays closed after opening night. His lone screenplay was for the 1958 film Hot Spell (film) which starred Shirley Booth and Anthony Quinn.

</doc>
<doc id="20861063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861063" title="Oregon Library Association">
Oregon Library Association

The Oregon Library Association (OLA) is a professional association based in the U.S. state of Oregon that promotes the advancement of library service through public and professional education and cooperation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20861078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861078" title="Johnson v Agnew">
Johnson v Agnew

Johnson v Agnew AC 367 is a landmark English contract law case on the date for assessing damages. Lord Wilberforce decided that the date appropriate is the date of breach, "or" when a contracting party could reasonably be aware of a breach.
Five major principles it laid down were,
Facts.
The 'commonplace, indeed routine' facts were that Mrs Adeline Agnew twice failed to complete purchase of Michael and Renee Johnson's farm, Scheepcote Grange, Woodburn Common, Buckinghamshire. She had contracted to buy the farm on 1 November 1973 for £117,000. When everything was ready in December and January 1974, she did nothing. Meanwhile, the Johnsons were in financial trouble. They were in arrears on mortgage repayments. In March 1974 they specific performance of the contract, and won summary judgment in June, but the order was not drawn up until November, and so the Johnsons left it, because in the meantime, the mortgagees had won orders for possession and sale of the property. The Johnsons' lawyer advised there was no point enforcing against Agnew. The mortgagees only realised £48,000, not even enough to discharge the Johnsons' mortgage debts. The Johnsons' creditors filed them into bankruptcy. This was adjourned, and the Johnsons' brought a claim against Agnew seeking the purchase price (less deposit and the £48,000 realised on sale by the mortgagees), and a declaration that the contract was repudiated and to keep the deposit price.
Judgment.
Lord Wilberforce said,
On the prospective nature of a repudiatory breach, he said this.

</doc>
<doc id="20861089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861089" title="Pandi (legendary creature)">
Pandi (legendary creature)

The Pandi in Medieval bestiaries were a race of giant-eared people with eight fingers and toes, and white hair that turned black with age.

</doc>
<doc id="20861095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861095" title="Quick Fuck">
Quick Fuck

A Quick Fuck is a layered shooter made from one part coffee liqueur like Kahlua, one part cold Midori liqueur and one part Baileys Irish Cream. The Baileys is poured off the back of a bar spoon so it "floats" on top of the Kahlua in a shot glass. Then slowly layer the Midori on top of the Baileys. Note that Baileys does not have to be used; any type of Irish Cream will do.
There are special machines that can prepare a Quick Fuck (or other multi-layered cocktails) in only a few seconds, but an experienced bartender usually relies on the traditional, handmade preparation. Cocktails with horizontal layering, like the Quick Fuck, are called "Pousse Café". This method of preparation is called "building," as opposed to blending or shaking; thus, Quick Fucks are "built."

</doc>
<doc id="20861101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861101" title="Jorge Morán">
Jorge Morán

Jorge Luis Morán Rodas (born October 4, 1989 in Coatepeque, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Isidro Metapán in the Salvadoran Premier Division.
Club career.
Morán's professional career began in June 2007 when he signed a contract with Salvadoran national league club, Once Municipal after coming through several youth systems. He made his professional debut on August 11, 2008, in a league match against Isidro Metapán.
He played for Isidro Metapán in the 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League Group Stage.
International career.
In July 2011, Morán was selected for the El Salvador national under-23 football team for the UNCAF U-23 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20861133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861133" title="Syrictæ">
Syrictæ

The Sciritae (Syrictæ, Syrictae, Sciritai or Skiritai) in Medieval bestiaries were an Indian tribe with snake-like nostrils in place of a nose (similar to Lord Voldemort of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series), and bandy serpentine legs.

</doc>
<doc id="20861139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861139" title="Patersonia maxwellii">
Patersonia maxwellii

Patersonia maxwellii is a perennial herbaceous plant that is endemic to Southwest Australia, occurring in the Jarrah Forest and Esperance Plains regions. The flowers are violet or blue and appear between September and November. The height is 0.2 – 0.3 metres. It is found on white sand in seasonally wet areas. It was first described by Ferdinand von Mueller, placing it in a genus "Genosiris", and later transferred to "Patersonia" by George Bentham. The specific epithet commemorates the collector George Maxwell's contribution to the botany of the region, including this plant's type specimen.

</doc>
<doc id="20861141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861141" title="Fallback">
Fallback

Fallback is a contingency option to be taken if the preferred choice is unavailable. It may specifically refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20861149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861149" title="Quach">
Quach

Quach (also spelled Quách) is a Vietnamese surname: Quách romanized in English: Quach. The name derives from the Chinese surname 郭, which is pronounced Guō in Mandarin and "Kwok" or "Gwok" in Cantonese. In Japanese, the surname Quach is: Kuoko, Kaku or Kuruwa (くるわ/ かく ) and in Korean: Gwak (곽).
History.
General History behind the Surname
Quach came from the surname Guo which is believed to have originated from Shanxi province of China. Eventually it spread to Chaozhou, also known by its postal spelling of Teochew, a city in the eastern part of China's Guangdong province. 30 percent of Chinese in Vietnam speak the Teochew dialect. Guo was translated into Quach when it arrived to Vietnam.
General Quách Bốc
A subordinate of Bỉnh Di named Quách Bốc, just after being informed, led his army battering the Đại Thanh Gate of the citadel down to save his governor. Two brothers, Phạm Du and Phạm Kinh, killed both Bỉnh Di and his son and then escaped out of the citadel with Cao Tông.
Chinese
This surname is on the 146th place of the Baijiaxing. According to one myth, the people with the surname of the descendants of Xia Yu: Guo Ai /郭哀and Guo Zhi /郭支.
Middle names.
Quach kept a book of middle names, spelling out the descendants of the next several dozen generations. The first-born son would look up the name for his generation in the book and name his own first-born son accordingly. The book is in its 26th generation, having been disrupted at least four times since the book's legend by the dislocation of the son who was supposed to continue the naming tradition.
There was a brief Vietnamese dynasty that carried the Quach name.

</doc>
<doc id="20861154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861154" title="Struthopodes">
Struthopodes

The Struthopodes in Medieval bestiaries were a race of humanoids whose males had enormous feet, but whose females had tiny feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20861178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861178" title="Syrbotae">
Syrbotae

The Syrbotae in Medieval bestiaries were a race of giants.

</doc>
<doc id="20861221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861221" title="Tia Powell">
Tia Powell

Tia Powell is an American psychiatrist and bioethicist. She is Director of the Montefiore-Einstein Center for Bioethics (http://www.montefiore.org/prof/bioethics/)and a Professor of Clinical Epidemiology and Clinical Psychiatry at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in The Bronx, New York. Previously, she was executive director of the New York State Task Force on Life and the Law and director of Clinical Ethics at Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital in New York City.
Powell graduated from Harvard University and Yale Medical School.
In 2007, she chaired a workgroup that developed New York State guidelines to allocate ventilators during a flu pandemic. She has served on a number of committees for the Institute of Medicine, especially focusing on ethical issues in the management of public health disasters.

</doc>
<doc id="20861261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861261" title="2009 Indianapolis Colts season">
2009 Indianapolis Colts season

The 2009 Indianapolis Colts season was the 57th season for the team in the National Football League and the 26th in Indianapolis. It was the first season since 2002 that the Colts did not have Tony Dungy on their coaching staff, due to his retirement from coaching. The 2009 Indianapolis Colts improved upon their 12–4 record from 2008 as well as winning their sixth AFC South division championship in seven years. The Colts also clinched the #1 playoff seed in the AFC. The Colts became the sole undefeated team after week 15. The following week, the Colts lost to the New York Jets. During the playoffs, the Colts defeated the Baltimore Ravens in the divisional round and the New York Jets in the AFC Championship game, but lost to the New Orleans Saints in Super Bowl XLIV, 31–17.
Offseason.
Head coach announcement.
On January 12, 2009, Head Coach Tony Dungy announced his retirement from coaching in the National Football League. Two days later, then-Assistant Coach and Quarterbacks Coach Jim Caldwell was formally announced as Dungy's successor.
Schedule.
Preseason.
The preseason opponents were announced on March 30.
Game notes.
Week 1: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
With the win the Colts started out the season 1–0 and improved their regular season winning streak to 9 games.
Week 2: at Miami Dolphins.
With the win, not only did the Colts improve to 2–0, but Peyton Manning's 119th career victory would surpass Johnny Unitas for the most quarterback wins in franchise history. The win also helped the Colts' improved their winning streak to 10 games in the regular season. The Colts' offense would make the most of its time on the field, as they were only in the game for 14:53.
Week 3: at Arizona Cardinals.
With the win the Colts improved to 3–0 and their regular season winning streak to 11 games.
Week 4: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
With the win, the Colts improved to 4–0 and made their record 12 straight regular season games. Colts QB Peyton Manning would tie Fran Tarkenton for the third–most career touchdown passes in NFL history (342), behind only Brett Favre and Dan Marino. Also, Colts head coach Jim Caldwell would become the franchise's first rookie head coach since Lindy Infante in 1996 to win their first four games.
Week 5: at Tennessee Titans.
With the win the Colts improved to 5–0 into their bye week and increased their winning streak to 13 games.
Week 7: at St. Louis Rams.
"at Edward Jones Dome, St. Louis, Missouri"
Coming off their bye week, the Colts flew to the Edward Jones Dome for a Week 7 interconference duel with the St. Louis Rams. Indianapolis came out of the gates early in the first quarter as quarterback Peyton Manning completed a six-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Reggie Wayne. The Rams would respond with a 30-yard field goal from kicker Josh Brown, yet the Colts answered with Manning hooking up with tight end Dallas Clark on a 22-yard touchdown pass. Afterwards, running back Joseph Addai would acquire the only score of the second quarter with a six-yard touchdown.
St. Louis would begin the third quarter with Brown booting a 45-yard field goal, yet Indianapolis calmly responded with rookie cornerback Jacob Lacey returning an interception 35 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, the Colts closed out the game with Manning finding rookie wide receiver Austin Collie on an eight-yard touchdown pass and running back Chad Simpson getting a 31-yard touchdown run.
With the win, Indianapolis improved to 6–0 and increased their winning streak to 14 games.
Week 8: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
"at Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana"
The Colts began three straight home games in Week 8 with an interconference duel against the San Francisco 49ers. Indianapolis would find themselves trailing in the first quarter as 49ers running back Frank Gore got a 64-yard touchdown run. The Colts answered with kicker Matt Stover getting a 38-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Indianapolis crept closer as Stover made a 33-yard field goal, yet San Francisco answered with quarterback Alex Smith completing an eight-yard touchdown pass to tight end Vernon Davis. The Colts closed out the half with a 31-yard field goal from Stover.
In the second half, Indianapolis narrowed San Francisco's lead to two as Stover booted a 40-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, they executed a halfback option play as running back Joseph Addai's threw a 22-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Reggie Wayne. Afterwards, the defense held off against the various comeback attempts from the 49ers.
With the win, the Colts improved to 7–0 for the fourth time in five seasons and they set a franchise record with 15 consecutive regular season wins.
Also, quarterback Peyton Manning (31/48 for 347 yards) joined Dan Marino, Brett Favre, and John Elway as the only players in NFL history to complete 4,000 career passes. In addition, he became the fastest to reach the milestone as he reached it in 183 games.
Week 9: vs. Houston Texans.
"at Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana"
Coming off their win over the 49ers, the Colts stayed at home for a Week 9 AFC South duel with the Houston Texans. Indianapolis would get off to a fast start in the first quarter as quarterback Peyton Manning completed a seven-yard touchdown pass to running back Joseph Addai, followed by kicker Matt Stover nailing a 22-yard field goal. The Colts would add onto their lead in the second quarter as Stover booted a 37-yard field goal, while the Texans would close out the half with a 56-yard field goal from kicker Kris Brown.
In the third quarter, Houston began to rally as quarterback Matt Schaub found running back Ryan Moats on a one-yard touchdown pass. The Texans would take the lead in the fourth quarter with a one-yard touchdown run from running back Steve Slaton, yet Indianapolis regained the lead with Addai's two-yard touchdown run. The Texans attempted to force the game into overtime with a 42-yard field goal attempt, which went wide left.
With the win, the Colts improved to 8–0 for the third time in five seasons as well as increasing their winning streak to 16 games.
Peyton Manning (34/50 for 318 yards, 1 TD, 1 INT) would become the first quarterback in NFL history to throw for 40,000 yards in one decade.
Jim Caldwell would become the first rookie head coach to start 8–0 since Potsy Clark in 1931.
Week 10: vs. New England Patriots.
"at Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana"
The Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots set up for their rivalry game at Lucas Oil Stadium. The Colts came in at 8–0 while the Patriots came in 6–2, both shooting for home field advantage during the playoffs. The Colts struck first with a 15-yard pass from Manning to Addai. However New England answered with 24 unanswered points in the first and second quarter. The Colts finally got back into the game with a 20-yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne towards the end of the first half. The third quarter was scoreless with the Colts still trailing by 10, but the Patriots started the fourth with a touchdown pass to Randy Moss with the Patriots now leading 31–14. The Colts came back quickly scoring a touchdown, making it 31–21. After a New England field goal, the Colts scored a touchdown on an Addai run. The Patriots were still in the lead 34–28, however the Colts were hot with Peyton Manning ready to lead them to a win if the defense could hold the Patriot offense for one more drive. With less the two and a half minutes remaining in the game, the New England Patriots were faced with a fourth and two on the Indianapolis 28-yard line. Bill Belichick decided to go for it on a controversial play, where Brady threw to Kevin Faulk, who gained control of the ball behind the first down marker, forcing the Patriots to turn the ball over on downs. Having wasted their last time out on the preceding play and the play occurring before the two-minute warning, the Patriots couldn't challenge the ruling on the field. With a minute left Peyton Manning found Reggie Wayne for the touchdown to seal a 35–34 victory over the Patriots as the team improved to 9–0 and their winning streak continued with 17 games.
Week 11: at Baltimore Ravens.
"at M&T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
Following their comeback win over the Patriots, the Colts flew to M&T Bank Stadium for a Week 11 duel with the Baltimore Ravens. In the first quarter, Indianapolis got on the board first with quarterback Peyton Manning passing to tight end Dallas Clark for a three-yard touchdown. Baltimore would respond as kicker Billy Cundiff made a 46-yard and a 44-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Ravens took the lead with Cundiff nailing a 38-yard field goal, until the Colts came right back when running back Joseph Addai's five-yard touchdown run. The Ravens would close out the half with Cundiff booting a 36-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, Cundiff's 20-yard field goal gave the Ravens the lead again in the fourth quarter. Fortunately, Indianapolis would regain the lead again as former Baltimore kicker Matt Stover booted a 20-yard field goal.
With the win, the Colts would improve to 10–0, which includes a franchise-best nine-straight road win dating back to last season well as 18 straight wins overall.
Dallas Clark (1 reception for 3 yards and 1 TD) would break John Mackey's record for the most receptions by a Colts tight end with 321.
Week 12: at Houston Texans.
"at Reliant Stadium, Houston, Texas"
Coming off their road win against the Ravens, the Colts flew to Reliant Stadium for an AFC South showdown with the Texans, their second meeting of the season. Houston dominated throughout the first half, scoring 17 points. The Colts took over from there, scoring 35 points, one of which was an interception returned 27 yards by Clint Session.
With the win, the Colts went to 11–0and their winning streak improved to 19 games.
Also, with the win and Jacksonville's loss to San Francisco, the Colts clinched the AFC South division title, the first team to clinch a playoff berth this season.
Week 13: vs. Tennessee Titans.
"at Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana"
Coming off their come-from-behind road win against Houston, the Colts went home for a divisional duel with the 5–6 Tennessee Titans. Indianapolis started off the scoring with an eight-yard run from Joseph Addai. The Titans came back with a 20-yard field goal by Rob Bironas. Indianapolis struck again in the second quarter on another Joseph Addai run, then again on a four-yard pass to Austin Collie. The Titans would hit paydirt next with 0:20 left in the half, but Indianapolis would close out the first half with a 43-yard field goal by Matt Stover. After a scoreless third quarter, the Colts would strike next on another field goal, this time from 36 yards. The Titans scored again on a 17-yard pass to Bo Scaife. The Titans regained possession on an onside kick, but the Colts Defense kept the Titans from scoring again.
With the win, the Colts went to 12–0
Also with the win, the Colts tied the 2006–2008 Patriots record for most consecutive regular season wins with 21.
Week 14: vs. Denver Broncos.
"at Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana"
The Colts improved their season record to 13–0 and broke the 2006–2008 Patriots record for most consecutive regular season wins with 22.
Week 15: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
"at Jacksonville Municipal Stadium, Jacksonville, Florida"
With the win the Colts improved to 14–0 and their winning streak improved to 23. Also, with the Saints' loss the Colts became the NFL's only undefeated team.
Week 16: vs. New York Jets.
"at Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Indiana"
With this loss, the Colts ended their perfect season run and had a record of 14–1 heading into the last week of the regular season. The Colts also ended their 23–game regular season winning streak.
Week 17: at Buffalo Bills.
With the loss, the Colts finished the season with a league-best 14–2.
AFC Divisional vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Entering the postseason as the AFC's #1 seed, the Colts began their playoff run at home in the AFC Divisional Round against the #6 Baltimore Ravens. Indianapolis would open the first quarter with a 44-yard field goal from former Ravens kicker Matt Stover. Baltimore would reply with a 25-yard field goal from kicker Billy Cundiff. In the second quarter, the Colts would deliver a big punch as quarterback Peyton Manning hooked up with rookie wide receiver Austin Collie on a 10-yard touchdown pass and then found wide receiver Reggie Wayne on a three-yard touchdown pass. After a scoreless third quarter, Indianapolis would add onto their lead with Stover's 33-yard field goal. From there, the defense kept forcing turnovers to prevail.
AFC Championship vs. New York Jets.
Coming off their divisional win over the Ravens, the Colts would stay at home for the AFC Championship Game against the #5 New York Jets. After a scoreless first quarter, Indianapolis would begin the second quarter with a 25-yard field goal from kicker Matt Stover. However, the Jets responded with quarterback Mark Sanchez completing an 80-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Braylon Edwards. The Colts would come right back with Stover's 19-yard field goal, but New York answered with Sanchez's nine-yard touchdown pass to tight end Dustin Keller, followed by kicker Jay Feely making a 48-yard field goal. Fortunately, Indianapolis would strike back as quarterback Peyton Manning found rookie wide receiver Austin Collie on a 16-yard touchdown pass.
The Colts would take the lead in the third quarter with Manning hooking up with wide receiver Pierre Garçon on a four-yard touchdown pass. Indianapolis would add onto their lead in the fourth quarter as Manning hooked up with tight end Dallas Clark on a 15-yard touchdown pass, followed by Stover's 21-yard field goal.
With the win, not only did the Colts improve their overall record to 16–2, but they would advance to their second Super Bowl in four years.
Super Bowl XLIV vs. New Orleans Saints.
After the coin toss, the Saints wanted the ball first; however, this didn't help their first drive. The Colts drove the ball down the field with an attempt to score the first touchdown but was denied and forced Matt Stover to kick a 38 yard goal. But the Colts were not finished: on their next possession, Pierre Garcon caught a 19-yard TD pass from Peyton Manning, and the Colts led 10–0 after fifteen minutes. In the second quarter, the Saints were forced to look upon Garrett Hartley for two field goals – a 46 yarder and a 44 yarder respectively – and the deficit was reduced to four points by halftime.
Kicking off the second half, the Saints caught Indy by surprise with the "Ambush" play (an onside kick in kickoff formation), which the Saints recovered, shifting the momentum to them. Pierre Thomas caught a 16 yard screen pass from Drew Brees and NO had their first lead of the game, 13–10 after the extra point. The Colts would not be denied from scoring again with the rushing attack of Joseph Addai, capping off the scoring drive with a 4-yard run. From here, however, the Saints would be denied. The Saints still stood by Hartley to keep the game close with a 47-yard field goal, taking the score to 17–16. In the fourth quarter, Jeremy Shockey caught a two-yard touchdown pass from Drew Brees with Lance Moore catching a two-point conversion and the Saints led 24–17. In the end, it was the defense that came through when Tracy Porter intercepted and returned 74 yards for a touchdown to seal the win and the first Super Bowl title for the New Orleans Saints in their 44-year existence.
Criticism.
In week 16, the Indianapolis Colts faced against the New York Jets with an undefeated record of 14–0, having already clinched home–field advantage throughout the playoffs. In the third quarter with a 15–10 lead, head coach Jim Caldwell benched Peyton Manning for Curtis Painter. The Jets forced Painter to fumble, then recovered it for a touchdown and turned into a 18–15 lead. Indianapolis never recovered, never put Manning into the game, and lost 29–15, ending the Colts' chance at an undefeated season. Manning's reaction was, "Until any player in here is the head coach, you follow orders and you follow them with all of your heart." On fans' reaction to the game, Jeff Saturday stated, "I don't blame them a bit, man.. I probably would have booed, too. I don't blame them. They pay to come see us win games, and we didn't get it done."

</doc>
<doc id="20861293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861293" title="Be Thou My Vision (album)">
Be Thou My Vision (album)

Be Thou My Vision is a 1989 album by Debby Boone. This turned out to be her final studio album of the 20th century, and other than "Home for Christmas", she would not produce new material until 2005's "Reflections of Rosemary".
The album peaked at #23 on the Top Contemporary Christian albums chart.
Rereleases.
In 2000, Curb re-released this record as "Greatest Hymns". As of December 2008, online Web seller "Amazon" sells the MP3s for the album under the new name and notes that the old album, upon a search, is "discontinued".

</doc>
<doc id="20861297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861297" title="King Solomon (boxer)">
King Solomon (boxer)

King Solomon (born March 15, 1965) boxed professionally for five years in the super featherweight division out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania with a record of 7 wins, 1 loss, and 3 draws. His most famous opponent was Arturo Gatti, whom he beat by split decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20861311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861311" title="Ryan Kurosaki">
Ryan Kurosaki

Ryan Yoshitomo Kurosaki (born July 3, 1952 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a retired American professional baseball player whose career lasted for seven seasons (1974–1980). A right-handed pitcher, he appeared in seven games, all in relief, for the St. Louis Cardinals. As such, Kurosaki was the first Asian-American to play Major League Baseball.
The , Kurosaki attended the University of Nebraska at Lincoln and signed with the Cardinals as an amateur free agent in 1974. Recalled by St. Louis to the Majors during his second professional season, he debuted on May 20, 1975, against the San Diego Padres and pitched 1⅔ hitless innings, although he walked three. In his seven MLB appearances, he did not earned a decision or a save, surrendering 15 hits (including three home runs) and 11 earned runs in 13 innings pitched. He issued seven walks and struck out six.
In 296 minor league games, all in the Cardinal organization and all but eight in relief, he compiled a 41–29 record with a 3.21 earned run average and 53 saves.

</doc>
<doc id="20861314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861314" title="Beatrice of Albon">
Beatrice of Albon

Béatrice, Countess of Albon and Dauphine of Viennois (1161–1228) became countess and dauphine in 1162 upon the death of her father Guigues V.
She married Hugh III, Duke of Burgundy in 1183 and had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="20861351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861351" title="Love Put a Song in My Heart">
Love Put a Song in My Heart

Love Put a Song in My Heart is a compilation album of pop and country songs recorded by Debby Boone from 1977 to 1981 culled from her first five albums on the Warner Bros./Curb label. The compilation included Boone's number-one pop and AC hit, "You Light Up My Life", and her number-one country hit, "Are You on the Road to Lovin' Me Again".

</doc>
<doc id="20861353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861353" title="Kevin Bradshaw">
Kevin Bradshaw

Kevin Bradshaw (born February 13, 1965 in Gainesville, Florida) is a retired American professional basketball player and current collegiate basketball coach. He is best known as the NCAA record-holder for most points in a single game against a Division I opponent.
College career.
Kevin Bradshaw, a 6'6" guard, played high school basketball at Buchholz High School in Gainesville, Florida. Playing alongside future NBA player Vernon Maxwell, Bradshaw averaged 30.6 points per game as a senior in 1983 and was named first team All-State.
Bradshaw turned down his hometown Florida Gators, instead opting to play for the smaller Bethune-Cookman University. After his sophomore season, he left the school and joined the Navy. After being stationed on a submarine tender near San Diego, Bradshaw began playing with the All-Navy team. He would go on to travel the country playing with the Navy All Stars and later the All-Armed Forces team, alongside future NBA star David Robinson. After getting permission from the Navy to once again pursue his education, Bradshaw was recruited by Gary Zarecky, head coach of the Gulls of U.S. International University, who saw a great fit for his team's fast-paced style of play. It was the perfect match of player and system, as Kevin Bradshaw went on to lead the NCAA in scoring as a senior in 1990-91 at 37.6 points per game.
On January 5, 1991, Bradshaw made NCAA history as he scored 72 points in a 186-150 loss to Loyola Marymount University - a meeting of two teams specializing in that fast-break style of play. This performance broke Pete Maravich's NCAA record for most points scored against a Division I opponent. The previous record had been 69 points, set by Maravich in a 1970 game against Alabama.
Bradshaw ended his college career with 2,804 points - currently #16 on the All-time NCAA career scoring list.
Post-college.
After failing to catch on with the NBA, Kevin Bradshaw played professionally in Israel for eleven years. He set numerous offensive records there, including once scoring 101 points in a game. After his playing career was over he became the first African-American coach in Israeli professional basketball history, guiding Hapoel Elat to a 58-39 record in three years with the team. In 2008 he returned to the US and spent two years as an assistant coach at NAIA school Point Loma Nazarene University in San Diego, California. He currently teaches and coaches at an inner-city high school (King-Chavez) in San Diego while running "Be the Best" basketball camps, which tours nationwide and internationally in Israel, providing instruction for children of all ages. 

</doc>
<doc id="20861357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861357" title="Jimmy Neil">
Jimmy Neil

James "Jimmy" Neil (born 28 February 1976 in Bury St Edmunds, England) is a former professional footballer who played in the English Football League between 1994 and 1999, and played on the right side of midfield. He could also be used at right back.
Career.
Grimsby Town.
Neil, a native of the Suffolk town of Bury St Edmunds started his professional football career as a junior at Grimsby Town. He was promoted to the first team squad at the start of the 1994-1995 season. He made his senior debut while on loan for non league outfit Grantham in 1996. However he did not make his first team debut for Grimsby until 22 March 1997, when he came on as a 74th minute substitute for Gary Childs in a 0-0 draw with Tranmere Rovers.
Scunthorpe United.
Following Grimsby's relegation from the First Division, Neil was released by manager Alan Buckley. And as many former Grimsby players in the nineties such as Paul Harsley and Craig Shakespeare he found a home at the clubs smaller local rivals Scunthorpe United. He linked up with former Grimsby manager Brian Laws while at Glanford Park and was to make a total of 8 appearances in total during the 1997-1998 campaign. His las game being a 1-0 defeat to Chester City on 28 December 1997. Neil remained a part of the Scunthorpe squad for the 1998-1999 campaign but would not feature in any games that season. With his contract expired he left the club in the summer of 1999.
Grantham Town.
In accordance to this he signed for non league club Grantham Town who had been formed from the club he had previously played for while at Grimsby.

</doc>
<doc id="20861415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861415" title="MiniGUI">
MiniGUI

MiniGUI is a GUI system with support for real-time and embedded operating systems, and aims to be fast, stable, light-weight and cross-platform. It was first released under the GNU GPL in 1999, and has since offered a commercial version with more features, including support for operating systems other than Linux and eCos. MiniGUI has been widely used in handheld terminals, portable media players, and industry instruments.
History.
MiniGUI was started by Wei Yongming as a simple interface for a control system based on Linux. The project was developed independently under the GNU GPL until September 2002, when the developers founded Feynman Software Technology and began commercial marketing of the software.
On October 2003, MiniGUI was ported to µClinux and eCos.

</doc>
<doc id="20861421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861421" title="2009 Houston Texans season">
2009 Houston Texans season

The 2009 Houston Texans season is the eighth season for the team in the National Football League. The Texans improved upon their 8–8 record in 2008, claimed their first winning season in franchise history, and 4 straight heartbreaking division losses came back to haunt them, as they narrowly missed making the playoffs, being the first team out in a series of tiebreakers, and due to the Cincinnati Bengals and rival Indianapolis Colts resting their starters against the New York Jets after clinching the AFC North and No. 1 AFC seed, respectively.
Offseason.
Player additions/subtractions.
Additions:
Subtractions:
2009 NFL Draft.
The Texans had eight selections for the 2009 NFL Draft. The Texans received an additional fourth-round pick (selection 122 overall) in a trade with the Minnesota Vikings in exchange for QB Sage Rosenfels.
The team signed undrafted Tennessee running back Arian Foster after the draft, and signed him to the practice squad, and he made his NFL debut mid-season. Foster would go on to win the NFL rushing title the following year.
Coaching staff.
Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his fourth year as the Texans' head coach. Frank Bush, who had served as the Texans senior defensive assistant since 2007, was promoted to defensive coordinator on January 13, 2009 after the firing of Richard Smith. Smith was terminated shortly after the conclusion of the 2008 season.
David Gibbs, son of NFL coach Alex Gibbs, was hired on January 19, 2009 as the new defensive backs coach after previously serving in the same role for the Kansas City Chiefs since 2006.
Pro Football Hall of Famer and former Houston Oilers offensive lineman Bruce Matthews enters his first season as a coach in the NFL, filling one of the offensive assistant coach positions for the Texans.
Schedule.
Regular season.
NOTE: Division games are in bold text.
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. New York Jets.
The Texans began their season with a Week 1 showdown with the New York Jets. Houston would trail in the first quarter as Jets kicker Jay Feely nailed a 24-yard field goal. The Texans' deficit would increase in the second quarter as quarterback Mark Sanchez completed a 30-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chansi Stuckey. Things only got worse for Houston in the third quarter when running back Thomas Jones scored on a 1-yard touchdown run. The Texans would get on the board as safety Dominique Barber returned a fumble 48 yards for a touchdown, but New York would seal the win with Jones' 38-yard touchdown run.
With the loss, Houston began its season at 0–1.
Week 2: at Tennessee Titans.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Jets, the Texans flew to LP Field for a Week 2 divisional battle with the Tennessee Titans. Houston would trail early in the first quarter as Titans running back Chris Johnson got a 57-yard touchdown run. The Texans would respond with quarterback Matt Schaub completing a 19-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Andre Johnson, but Tennessee replied with quarterback Kerry Collins completing a 69-yard touchdown to Johnson. The Titans would add onto their lead in the second quarter as Collins completed an 8-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Washington. Afterwards, Houston would take the lead as Schaub completed a 72-yard touchdown pass to Johnson and a 29-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jacoby Jones, along with kicker Kris Brown making a 38-yard field goal. Tennessee would tie the game to end the half as kicker Rob Bironas made a 40-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Titans got their lead again as Johnson got a 91-yard touchdown run. Afterwards, the Texans would tie the game as Schaub completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Owen Daniels. In the fourth quarter, Houston would take the lead as Brown nailed a 23-yard field goal. Afterwards, the defense prevented Tennessee from rallying.
With the win, the Texans improved to 1–1. It was the first road win against Tennessee since 2004.
Week 3: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
Coming off their hard-fought road win over the Titans, the Texans went home, donned their Battle Red uniforms, and prepared for a Week 3 AFC South showdown with the Jacksonville Jaguars. Even though the Jaguars got the first points of the game with kicker Josh Scobee's 52-yard field goal, Texans quarterback Matt Schaub got his team the lead with an 18-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jacoby Jones. Afterwards, a back-and-forth second quarter commenced. Jacksonville quarterback David Garrard would get a 2-yard touchdown, yet Houston wide receiver Kevin Walter came through with a 9-yard touchdown reception. The Jaguars would deliver a big strike with running back Maurice Jones-Drew's 61-yard touchdown, but the Texans once again got the lead as tight end Owen Daniels got a 2-yard touchdown reception.
Jacksonville would get the lead again in the third quarter as Jones-Drew got a 1-yard touchdown run, followed by Houston kicker Kris Brown tying the game with a 27-yard field goal. However, in the fourth quarter, the Jaguars delivered a huge strike as Jones-Drew got an 8-yard touchdown. The Texans tried to rally, but the Jaguars' defense stood firm and prevented any kind of a comeback.
With the loss, Houston fell to 1–2.
Week 4: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional loss to the Jaguars, the Texans stayed at home for a Week 4 duel with the Oakland Raiders. Houston delivered the opening shot of the first quarter with kicker Kris Brown's 26-yard field goal, followed by the Raiders tying the game with a 46-yard field goal from kicker Sebastian Janikowski. The Texans would take full command in the second quarter as Brown nailed a 34-yard field goal, followed by running back Steve Slaton getting a 32-yard touchdown run and catching an 18-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Matt Schaub. Oakland would close out the half with Janikowski's 33-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Houston would continue its domination with rookie linebacker Brian Cushing tackling Raiders running back Justin Fargas in his own endzone for a safety, immediately followed by wide receiver Jacoby Jones returning a kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown.
With the win, the Texans improved to 2–2.
Week 5: at Arizona Cardinals.
Coming off their home win over the Raiders, the Texans flew to the University of Phoenix Stadium for the first time ever for a Week 5 interconference duel with the Arizona Cardinals. Houston would trail in the first quarter as Cardinals running back Tim Hightower got a 1-yard touchdown run in the first quarter, followed by quarterback Kurt Warner completing a 9-yard and a 26-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald. Afterwards, the Texans began to rally as running back Chris Brown got a 1-yard touchdown run in the third quarter. Then, quarterback Matt Schaub would hook up with wide receiver Andre Johnson on a 11-yard and a 17-yard touchdown pass in the fourth quarter. However, Arizona would strike on two key plays. First, Cardinals cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie would intercept a pass from Schaub and return it 49 yards. Second, Arizona's defense held Houston's offense 1 yard out of the endzone three times.
With the loss, the Texans fell to 2–3.
Week 6: at Cincinnati Bengals.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Cardinals, the Texas flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a Week 6 duel with the Cincinnati Bengals. Houston would get off to a fast first quarter start as quarterback Matt Schaub found tight end Owen Daniels on a 12-yard touchdown pass. The Bengals answered in the second quarter with a 10-yard touchdown run from running back Cedric Benson, yet the Texans would reply with Schaub completing a 38-yard touchdown pass to running back Steve Slaton. Cincinnati would close out the half with quarterback Carson Palmer's 8-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Laveranues Coles, followed by kicker Shayne Graham nailing a 50-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Houston stormed right back with Schaub completing a 23-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jacoby Jones and a 7-yard touchdown pass to Daniels. Afterwards, the defense held to preserve the 11-point lead.
With the win, the Texans improved to 3–3.
Week 7: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
Coming off their impressive road win over the Bengals, the Texans went home for a Week 7 interconference duel with the San Francisco 49ers. Houston would get off to a fast start in the first quarter as running back Steve Slaton got a 1-yard touchdown run. The Texans would add onto their lead in the second quarter as quarterback Matt Schaub completed a 9-yard touchdown pass to Slaton and a 42-yard touchdown pass to tight end Owen Daniels.
However, the 49ers began to rally in the third quarter with quarterback Alex Smith hooking up with tight end Vernon Davis on a 29-yard touchdown pass. In the fourth quarter, San Francisco continued to catch up as Smith found Davis again on a 14-yard touchdown pass. Houston would respond with kicker Kris Brown booting a 50-yard field goal. The 49ers tried to come back as Smith connected again with Davis on a 23-yard touchdown pass, yet the defense halted San Francisco's rally.
With the win, the Texans improved to 4–3.
Week 8: at Buffalo Bills.
Coming off their home win over the 49ers, the Texans flew to Ralph Wilson Stadium for a Week 8 duel with the Buffalo Bills. Houston would trail in the first quarter as Bills wide receiver Terrell Owens got a 29-yard touchdown run. The Texans would get on the board in the second as kicker Kris Brown nailed a 42-yard and a 22-yard field goal. Buffalo would close out the half with a 21-yard field goal from kicker Rian Lindell.
The Texans would creep closer in the third quarter with Brown booting a 26-yard field goal. Afterwards, in the fourth quarter, Houston took the lead for good as running back Ryan Moats got an 11-yard (followed by quarterback Matt Schaub's 2-point conversion pass to wide receiver Andre Johnson), a 1-yard, and 3-yard touchdown run.
With the win, the Texans would improve to 5–3, their best start in franchise history.
Week 9: at Indianapolis Colts.
Coming off their road win over the Bills, the Texans flew to Lucas Oil Stadium for a Week 9 AFC South duel with the Indianapolis Colts. Houston would trail early in the first quarter as Colts quarterback Peyton Manning found running back Joseph Addai on a 7-yard touchdown pass, followed by a 22-yard field goal from kicker Matt Stover. Indianapolis would increase their lead in the second quarter with Stover's 37-yard field goal, yet the Texans closed out the half with kicker Kris Brown nailing a 56-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Houston began to gain ground as quarterback Matt Schaub completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to running back Ryan Moats. The Texans would take the lead in the fourth quarter as running back Steve Slaton got a 1-yard touchdown run, but the Colts retook the lead with running back Joseph Addai getting a 2-yard touchdown run. Houston had a chance to tie the game with one second left in regulation, but Brown's 42-yard field goal attempt sailed wide left.
In what was another close game resulting in a tough loss, the Texans went into their bye week at 5–4.
Week 11: vs. Tennessee Titans.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Colts, the Texans went home for an AFC South rivalry match against the Tennessee Titans. In the first quarter Houston got on the board first as QB Matt Schaub got a 3-yard touchdown pass to RB Steve Slaton. In the second quarter the Titans replied with QB Vince Young completing a 13-yard touchdown pass to WR Kenny Britt. Then Houston tried to pull away as Schaub hooked up with WR Andre Johnson on a 13-yard touchdown pass, until the Titans replied again with RB LenDale White making a 1-yard touchdown run.
The Texans fell behind in the third quarter as kicker Rob Bironas made a 50-yard field goal, but came back to tie the game when kicker Kris Brown made a 26-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter the Titans scored for the win when Bironas got a 53-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Texans fell to 5–5.
Week 17: vs. New England Patriots.
Houston earned its first ever winning season after 21 unanswered points in the fourth quarter. Tom Brady left and re-entered the game after reports that he had been playing for the past several weeks with three broken ribs emerged. Wes Welker received an injured knee early in the first quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="20861435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861435" title="Chiral polytope">
Chiral polytope

In mathematics, there are two competing definitions for a chiral polytope. One is that it is a polytope that is chiral (or "enantiomorphic"), meaning that it does not have mirror symmetry. By this definition, a polytope that lacks any symmetry at all would be an example of a chiral polytope. The other, competing definition of a chiral polytope is that it is a polytope that is as symmetric as possible without being mirror-symmetric, formalized in terms of the action of the symmetry group of the polytope on its flags. By this definition, even highly-symmetric and enantiomorphic polytopes such as the snub cube are not chiral. Indeed, much of the study of symmetric but chiral polytopes has been carried out in the framework of abstract polytopes, because of the paucity of geometric examples.
Polytopes without mirror symmetry.
Many polytopes lack mirror symmetry, and in that sense form chiral polytopes.
The simplest example is a scalene triangle.
It is possible for polytopes to have a high degree of symmetry, but yet to lack mirror symmetry; an example is the snub cube, which is vertex-transitive and chiral in this sense.
Symmetric chiral polytopes.
Definition.
The more technical definition of a chiral polytope is a polytope that has two orbits of flags under its group of symmetries, with 
adjacent flags in different orbits. This implies that it must be vertex-transitive, edge-transitive, and face-transitive, as each vertex, edge, or face must be represented by flags in both orbits; however, it cannot be mirror-symmetric, as every mirror symmetry of the polytope would exchange some pair of adjacent flags.
For the purposes of this definition, the symmetry group of a polytope may be defined in either of two different ways: it can refer to the symmetries of a polytope as a geometric object (in which case the polytope is called "geometrically chiral") or it can refer to the symmetries of the polytope as a combinatorial structure (an abstract polytope). Chirality is meaningful for either type of symmetry but the two definitions classify different polytopes as being chiral or nonchiral.
In three dimensions.
In three dimensions, it is not possible for a geometrically chiral polytope to have finitely many finite faces. For instance, the snub cube is vertex-transitive, but its flags have more than two orbits, and it is neither edge-transitive nor face-transitive, so it is not symmetric enough to meet the formal definition of chirality. The quasiregular polyhedra and their duals, such as the cuboctahedron and the rhombic dodecahedron, provide another interesting type of near-miss: they have two orbits of flags, but are mirror-symmetric, and not every adjacent pair of flags belongs to different orbits. However, despite the nonexistence of finite chiral three-dimensional polyhedra, there exist infinite three-dimensional chiral skew polyhedra of types {4,6}, {6,4}, and {6,6}.

</doc>
<doc id="20861521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861521" title="Zingg">
Zingg

Zing is a surname used by:

</doc>
<doc id="20861524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861524" title="Burtons Bay">
Burtons Bay

Burtons Bay, formerly named Floyds Bay, is a bay on the coast of Virginia in the United States.
The United States Navy seaplane tender USS "Floyds Bay", in commission from 1945 to 1960, was named for the bay when it was known as Floyds Bay. 

</doc>
<doc id="20861560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861560" title="Floyds Bay">
Floyds Bay

Floyds Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20861572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861572" title="Schizophyllum">
Schizophyllum

Schizophyllum is a genus of fungi in the family Schizophyllaceae. The widespread genus contains six wood-rotting species.

</doc>
<doc id="20861583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861583" title="Duxbury Bay">
Duxbury Bay

Duxbury Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20861592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861592" title="Alexander Kalichuk">
Alexander Kalichuk

Alexander Kalichuk (3 November 1923 - 1975) was a Royal Canadian Air Force Sergeant and a suspect in the murder of Lynne Harper near the former RCAF Station Clinton near London, Ontario, a crime for which Stephen Truscott was wrongly convicted. Sgt. Kalichuk was known to be a heavy drinker with previous convictions for sexual offenses.
Career.
Alexander Kalichuk served in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II. Released in 1945, the Airman returned to civilian life, but in 1950 he re-enrolled in the RCAF. Kalichuk was originally posted to RCAF Station Trenton, but soon after was transferred to RCAF Station Clinton, north of London, Ontario. Prior to leaving Trenton, Sgt. Kalichuk was twice convicted for indecent exposure in Trenton. Kalichuk served at Clinton as a Supply Technician until 1955, when he released from the RCAF to take a civil service examination. Unsuccessful, Kalichuk returned to the RCAF and Clinton before the end of the year.
Lynne Harper murder.
In 1957, Kalichuk transferred to RCAF Station Aylmer, about an hour away from Clinton. However, Kalichuk made frequent trips back to Clinton, where Lynne Harper's father was the senior supply officer, as his residence was a 20 minute drive from the Clinton air station.
About three weeks before Lynne Harper's murder, Kalichuk was arrested and charged by the Ontario Provincial Police for attempting to lure three young girls into his car outside St. Thomas, Ontario. The charge was dismissed shortly afterward, just 12 days before Lynne Harper was murdered, but the judge gave Kalichuk a warning regarding his behaviour. 
On the same day Harper disappeared, June 9, 1959, air force medical officers held a discussion regarding Kalichuk's drinking and behaviour. Around this time, Kalichuk's probation officer advised air force officials of another incident of indecent exposure involving Kalichuk in the Town of Seaforth, not far from the Clinton base.
On July 2, three weeks after the murder of Lynne Harper, Kalichuk was hospitalized due to "overwhelming anxiety, tension, depression and guilt", as reported in RCAF documents.
Police were warning about the activities of an unidentified molester who was preying on young girls from a car. Through all of it however, including the murder of 12-year old Lynne Harper, Sgt. Kalichuk managed to avoid particular attention as a suspect.
In 1959, Sgt. Kalichuk had requested a transfer back to RCAF Station Clinton, but given the recent murder of Lynne Harper, senior officers at Clinton were worried about having a known sexual offender in their midst, thus he was instead posted to the nearby RCAF Station Centralia. Sgt. Kalichuk finally got his wish to return to RCAF Station Clinton in 1965.
Death.
Kalichuk drank himself to death in 1975. His final days were spent in a psychiatric hospital in Goderich, Ontario. A former RCAF veteran, who knew Kalichuk from his days as the base drunk at Clinton, was working at the same hospital. This man was shocked to see a disheveled and incoherent Kalichuk wandering the halls, apparently suffering the final stages of chronic alcoholism. He is buried in St James Cemetery near Seaforth, Ontario.
Today, the OPP refuse to comment on whether Sgt. Alexander Kalichuk was ever investigated regarding Lynn Harper.
The documentary program "The Fifth Estate", broadcast by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, suggested the Ontario Provincial Police may have rushed to judgment with Truscott.

</doc>
<doc id="20861593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861593" title="Harry J. Haiselden">
Harry J. Haiselden

Harry John Haiselden (March 16, 1870 - June 18, 1919) was the Chief Surgeon at the German-American Hospital in Chicago in 1915 who refused to perform needed surgery for children born with severe birth defects and allowed the babies to die, in an act of eugenics.
Biography.
He was born on March 16, 1870 in Plano, Illinois to George W. Haiselden and Elizabeth Dickey. George Haiselden was a painter before he disappeared from public record. Dr. Haiselden rarely mentions his father, but was extremely close to his mother. In 1893 he graduated from the University of Illinois College of Medicine. From 1893 to 1906, Haiselden served as Christian Fenger's resident at the German Hospital. In 1896 when Fenger opened the German-American Hospital, Haiselden became his assistant until Fenger's death in 1902 when Haiselden assumed the position of Chief Surgeon and Hospital president. Haiselden never married but adopted two children, Dorothy Riggs and Hope Wesley. 
In 1915 he was threatened with expulsion from the Chicago Medical Society for allowing the Bollinger baby to die. He was acquitted by a trial jury, but eventually thrown out of practice by the Chicago Medical Board for his lecture series on eugenics and shameless promotion of The Black Stork. 
He played himself in the eugenics propaganda movie, The Black Stork, a 1917 silent movie. The movie was written by Jack Lait in conjunction with Haiselden. The National Board of Review of Motion Pictures almost banned the film but after surveying opinions from prominent review board members from across the country, decided to require 18 changes to The Black Stork before permitting its release. Haiselden complied with the majority of the NBRMP's requests and the board allowed its release. 
Haiselden died while vacationing in Cuba on June 18, 1919 of a cerebral hemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="20861618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861618" title="Ignatius Paul Pollaky">
Ignatius Paul Pollaky

Ignatius Paul Pollaky (1828 – 25 February 1918) also known as "Paddington" Pollaky, born in Hungary, became one of the first and best-known professional private detectives in Britain. He also worked with London's Metropolitan Police, instigating alien registration in Britain.
Biography.
Pollaky was born in Pressburg, Hungary (now Bratislava, Slovakia). He was exiled and came to live in Britain in 1850. In 1856 he married Julia Devonald. However she died in 1859. Two years later he married Mary Anne Hughes. They had a son and three daughters over the next nine years.
In 1862 he started an early private detective agency in Britain, Pollaky's Private Inquiry Office. One of his first commissions was from Henry Sanford who asked him to spy on Confederate agents in Britain who were purchasing supplies for the American Civil War. From 1865 until 1882 his office was located at 13 Paddington Green, hence his nickname. He often advertised in the personal section of "The Times" offering assistance in "election, divorce and libel cases" or "discreet enquiries in England or abroad". From 1861 onwards, he also was in the habit of inserting mysterious messages in the "Agony" columns, presumably linked to cases that he was working on.
In 1867 he joined the X Division of the Metropolitan Police as a special constable. He specialised in intelligence on aliens living in Britain. His experience in this area made him advocate the registration of all aliens upon arrival in Britain, something which was not done at the time.
During his career his reputation grew to the point that his surname was used as a humorous remonstrance against over-eager questioning by the 1870s and in 1881 he was mentioned in the Gilbert and Sullivan work, "Patience", as an example of "keen penetration".
Apart from his detective work, he acted as the London correspondent for the "International Criminal Police Gazette" for more than 25 years.
In 1882 he retired from the private investigation business and closed his office. In the same year, he inserted an advertisement on the front page of "The Times" stating that: 'the rumour that I am dead is not true'. After retiring from the private investigation business he moved to 33 Stanford Avenue, Brighton where he lived quietly with his wife. During his retirement he was well known for playing chess in the Public Room at the Brighton Pavilion and often wrote letters to "The Times", signing them "Ritter von Pollaky". On 17 September 1914, he took the Oath of Allegiance and became a naturalised British Citizen. 
As it happens, he had applied for British Citizenship before in 1862 but was refused. A search of National Archive records for Ignatius Pollaky will show the following: "Naturalization Act 1844: Applicants of doubtful character: Ignatius Pollaky, adventurer; certificate refused[...]Date range: 01 January 1862 - 31 December 1862 Reference:HO 45/7263"
Interestingly, he appears on the Electoral Registers for Paddington and St Marylebone district in 1873, 1875 and 1876. Though not a British citizen at the time, presumably the Second Reform Act of 1867 (which increased considerably the number of voters - extending suffrage to all householders) enabled Pollaky's name to be included.
He died on 25 February 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20861622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861622" title="Abortion in Colombia">
Abortion in Colombia

Abortion in Colombia is illegal except in case of the threat to life or health of the woman, if the pregnancy is the result of rape, or when the fetus is expected to die after birth because of severe fetal abnormalities. It was completely illegal until 2006, when (as a result of the Marta Gonzalez case) legislation was passed making it legal in the above circumstances.
The punishment for a woman who has an illegal abortion is up to three years in prison and the punishment for a doctor or other person who performs the procedure illegally (even if medically licensed to do so) is also up to three years.

</doc>
<doc id="20861634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861634" title="List of Gimme a Break! episodes">
List of Gimme a Break! episodes

"Gimme a Break!" aired 137 episodes during its run on NBC from October 29, 1981 to May 12, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20861644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861644" title="Lu Jiang">
Lu Jiang

Lu Jiang (; born June 30, 1981 in Beijing) is a Chinese football player who plays for Chinese League One side Beijing Baxy.
Club career.
Lu Jiang started his professional football career with Beijing Guoan in 2000 as a highly promising young midfielder who came from the club's youth team. He would progress within the team establishing himself as a squad regular until the beginning of the 2002 league season when new Beijing Guoan Head coach Ljupko Petrović promoted Lu Jiang as a first choice regular within the team. Lu Jiang would then spend several seasons as a vital member within the Beijing team, however the club were not regular title contenders and they brought in Shen Xiangfu as their new Head coach in 2005, this would however see Lu Jiang finding himself increasingly dropped from the team during the end of the season. Lu Jiang's performances saw him relegated to a squad player throughout the 2006 league season and it was only when Lee Jang-Soo came in to manage the team in 2007 was he able to get some more playing time. Under Lee Jang-Soo's reign he would become a versatile player able to play as a right back and with the sudden retirement of the team's right back Zhang Shuai at the end of the 2008 league season Lu Jiang would establish himself as a first choice regular once more within the team even after being banned for eight games after having a scuffle with Li Weifeng in a league game on September 27, 2008 against Wuhan Optics Valley. Despite Zhou Ting going on to become Beijing's first choice right back Lu Jiang would gain significant playing time and go on to win the 2009 Chinese Super League title with the club. By 2011 Lu Jiang's playing time would significantly drop at Beijing and he was allowed to leave the club to join second tier team Hunan Billows at the beginning of the 2012 league season.
International career.
A promising youngster, Lu Jiang would be called into the Chinese U-21 team and would be promoted to the senior team once he established himself within the Beijing Guoan on December 7, 2002 for a friendly against Syria in a game that China won 3-1
Honours.
Beijing Guoan

</doc>
<doc id="20861734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861734" title="The Tour of Misia 2003 Kiss in the Sky">
The Tour of Misia 2003 Kiss in the Sky

The Tour of Misia 2003 Kiss in the Sky was a 2002-2003 concert tour by Japanese R&B singer Misia. Total attendance figures topped 270,000 people. It is her first dome tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20861746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861746" title="V-Bar-V Heritage Site">
V-Bar-V Heritage Site

The V-Bar-V Heritage Site is the largest known petroglyph site in the Verde Valley of central Arizona, and one of the best-preserved. The rock art site consists of 1,032 petroglyphs in 13 panels. Acquired by the Coconino National Forest in 1994, the site is protected and kept open to the public by the US Forest Service. Volunteers from the Verde Valley Archaeological Society and the Friends of the Forest provide interpretive tours and on-site management.
A visitor center, restroom and bookstore, operated by the Forest Service and the Arizona Natural History Association, is located on site. The fenced petroglyph site is an easy half-mile walk from the parking lot. For most of the year, there is a resident on-site custodian.
History.
The petroglyphs were created by Southern Sinagua residents between about 1150 and 1400 AD. The site was known to early American settlers, and became part of the historic V-Bar-V ranch around 1907. The ranch headquarters were nearby, and the ranchers protected the site from vandalism. Some historic ranch buildings remain near the Visitor Center. The US Forest Service acquired the site in 1994.
Beaver Creek Rock Art Style.
Rock art is one type of archaeological data that can be used to identify prehistoric cultures and time periods. The Beaver Creek Rock Art Style has been identified and formally described through studies of rock art sites in the Beaver Creek area, especially at V-Bar-V. The Beaver Creek Style, found throughout the eastern half of the Verde Valley, is diagnostic of the Southern Sinagua culture between A.D. 1150 and 1400.
About 20% of the petroglyphs are zoomorphs, including snakes, turtles, coyotes, deer and antelope. The next most common types are anthropomorphs and geometric figures, such as spirals and grids.
The documentation of the V-Bar-V Heritage Site has provided important information for defining the characteristics of the Beaver Creek Style. V-Bar-V is unusual in that all of the petroglyphs are of this one style, and almost all are well-spaced, without overlap or newer designs drawn over older.

</doc>
<doc id="20861770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861770" title="Oddusuddan">
Oddusuddan

Oddusuddanis a town in the Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka. Some say in Tamil Oddu-suddan translates to 'roof-tile-making-place'. It is located nearly halfway between Mankulam (Sri Lanka) and Mullaitivu on highway A34.

</doc>
<doc id="20861809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861809" title="ABS Capital Partners">
ABS Capital Partners

ABS Capital Partners is a venture capital firm focused on investments in companies across a range of industries, including technology, business services, health care, and media and communications.
The firm, which is based in Baltimore, was founded in 1990. The firm has raised approximately $2.1 billion since inception across six funds. 
ABS Capital Partners is a member of the National Venture Capital Association and the Mid-Atlantic Venture Association.
History.
ABS Capital Partners was founded in 1990 and was originally the investment arm of Alex. Brown & Sons (later BT Alex. Brown). The firm's founder, Donald Hebb spent more than 20 years with Alex. Brown where he was CEO from 1986 to 1991, leading the initial public offering in 1986. 
ABS is an acronym representing the firm's predecessor organization Alex. Brown & Sons.
Among the firm's notable investments include Rosetta Stone, American Public Education, Captivate Network and DoubleClick.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20861856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861856" title="Greenwich Bay">
Greenwich Bay

Greenwich Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20861928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861928" title="Static-X Guitar Anthology">
Static-X Guitar Anthology

The Static-X Guitar Anthology, released October 1, 2004, is a book by the "Evil Disco" band Static-X. The book is filled with guitar tabs from 16 songs from the albums "Wisconsin Death Trip", "Machine", and Shadow Zone.
"Songs Included".
• Black And White
• Bled For Days
• Cold
• Destroy All
• Get To The Gone
• I'm With Stupid
• Love Dump
• Monster
• New Pain
• Permanence
• Push It
• Shadow Zone
• So
• The Only
• The Trance Is The Motion
• This Is Not

</doc>
<doc id="20861929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20861929" title="Greenwich Bay (Rhode Island)">
Greenwich Bay (Rhode Island)

Greenwich Bay, is a bay on the coast of Rhode Island in the United States near East Greenwich, Rhode Island off of Narragansett Bay.
The United States Navy seaplane tender USS "Greenwich Bay", in commission from 1945 to 1966, was named for the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20862082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862082" title="Abortion in Panama">
Abortion in Panama

Abortion in Panama is illegal except in instances that the pregnancy is life-threatening or the health of the woman is at risk, or if the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest.
History.
A penal code was set in place on September 22, 1982 which penalized illegal abortions. This code is still active today.
In 2005, a poll was conducted with a simple questionnaire. One of the questions asked, "Do you agree or disagree with abortion?" 89.4% of those that answered were against abortions. According the CIA, based upon the population as a whole, 85% of Panamanians are against abortion. Approximately four-fifths of Panama's population practices Roman Catholicism, which has as its official stance that abortion is murder.
Legality.
In Panama, abortion is illegal with the exception of two circumstances: if the mother's life is endangered by the pregnancy, or if she is the victim of rape or incest.
Penalties for abortion.
The punishment for a woman who has an illegal abortion is one to three years in prison. The punishment for a doctor or other person who performs the procedure with the woman's consent is 3 to 6 years in prison. If the procedure is done without the woman's consent, the punishment is 5 to 10 years in prison. If the woman dies as a result of the abortion, the punishment for the abortionist is 5–10 years in prison. If the woman's husband is found guilty of performing the abortion, the penalties are increased by one sixth.
Access to abortion facilities.
The only abortions allowed to be performed are done by doctors in government-run hospitals.
Alternatives to abortion.
Contraceptives.
Condoms, tubal ligation, and some intrauterine devices (IUDs) are available at no cost to a woman. Other forms of contraception that require a fee, such as other IUDs and chemical drugs (like the Depo shot), are available, but the woman does not need to get a prescription to obtain them.
Family planning.
In 1965, the Asociación Panameña para el Planeamiento de la Familia, or APLAFA, was founded to help women control the size of their families. A private family planning group, APLAFA has gone to great lengths not just to reduce the rate of teen pregnancy, but also to aid pregnant women with pre- and post-natal care for their unwanted pregnancies. The Panamanian government has also played a constructive role in the family planning movement. It offers services which teach couples about natural birth control methods (such as the ovulation method, the symptothermal method, and the rhythm method ), as well as modern methods, which many know as "the pill", shots, patches, sterilization, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20862115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862115" title="Maritime Special Purpose Force">
Maritime Special Purpose Force

The United States Marine Corps' Maritime Special Purpose Force, or "MSPF", are a unique specialized sub-unit that are drawn from the Marine Expeditionary Units' (MEU) major subordinate elements. They are special operations "capable" forces deployed to give the commanders low profile, two-platoon surgical emplacement in the accessible littoral regions. The MSPF provides the enhanced operational capability and precision skills to complement, enable, and execute selected conventional, maritime special operations. They can also perform operations not resident in traditional amphibious raid companies.
The MSPF provides the MEUs with rapid direct action capabilities. They are also responsible for "in extremis" hostage rescue (IHR) in urban areas.
The MSPF cannot operate independently of its parent MEU, on which it relies for logistics, intelligence, communications, transportation, and fire support. However, they are capable of conducting operations with, or in support of the operators of the United States special operations forces. The MSPF's task organization are often conformed as an addition of the Amphibious Ready Group’s Naval Special Warfare Task Unit detachment.
Organization.
The Maritime Special Purpose Force contains a command element, security element, assault element, and support element. The security element consists of one or more reinforced rifle platoons. The assault element is organized to conduct on-scene command, assault, security, and support functions. The support element is organized to conduct reconnaissance and surveillance, sniper control and support, counter-intelligence, human intelligence (HUMINT), signals intelligence/electronic warfare (SIGINT/EW), and close air support.
Command Element.
The commander of the MSPF are designated by the MEU(SOC) commander. The command and control remains with the MEU(SOC) Commander.
Security Element.
The security element is normally structured around a platoon provided by the Battalion Landing Team (BLT) and may be augmented by the Naval Special Warfare Task Units (NSWTU) embarked within the Amphibious Ready Group. The security element will act as a reinforcing unit, a support unit, a diversionary unit, or an extraction unit.
Assault Element (AE).
The AE is the main effort of the MSPF and is organized to perform assault, explosive breaching, internal security, and sniper functions. The assault function will normally be executed by the Force Recon detachment. Mission-specific augmentation (e.g., additional sniper support, specialized demolitions, explosive ordnance disposal, signals intelligence/electronic warfare (SIGINT/EW), etc.) will be provided from other MEU(SOC) assets or from the NSWTU embarked with the ARG.
Reconnaissance and Surveillance Element (R&S).
The Reconnaissance and Surveillance Element normally consists of the Scout Sniper Platoon from the Battalion Landing Team.
Support Element.
The support element normally is composed of assets from the BLT Reconnaissance Platooncoupled with elements of the Aviation Combat Element (ACE), Radio Battalion Detachment, Communications Detachment, and HET assets from the MEU(SOC) CE. Additional capability may be provided by the NSWTU embarked with the Amphibious Ready Group.
The aviation support element is a task organized portion of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force's MEU Aviation Combat Element. They are capable of precise night vision flying and navigation, various insertion/extraction means and forward arming and refueling point operations. The specific structure of the aviation support element will vary depending on the lift requirements and distance to the crisis site.

</doc>
<doc id="20862129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862129" title="Xu Ai">
Xu Ai

Xu Ai (; 1487–1517) was an important Chinese philosopher during the mid-late Ming Dynasty. He was also a magistrate and writer.
Biography.
Xu was born in Maoyan (馬堰/马堰), Yuyao, Shaoxing Fu (紹興府/绍兴府; current Yuyao, Ningbo), Zhejiang Province in 1487. His courtesy name was Yueren (曰仁), and pseudonym was Hengshan (横山).
In the third year of Zhengde Era (正德三年; 1508), Xu joined the imperial examination and was qualified and matriculated as a governmental official. He was the mayor of Qizhou (祁州; current Anguo, Hebei Province). Later he was transferred to Nanjing, the sub-capital of the Ming China. In Nanjing, he chronologically served in the Ministry of Military (兵部) as a "Yuanwailang" (員外郎/员外郎) and in Ministry of Construction (工部) as a "Langzhong" (郎中) there. 
In the 11th year of Zhengde Era (1516), Xu went back to hometown for mothering; and in 1517 died of illness at the age of 31.
Philosophy.
Xu was one of the earliest student of the philosopher Wang Yangming. He was considered as a royal, important member and the second generation of the Yangming School of Mind (陽明心學/阳明心学).
Wang Yangming proposed his thought of conscience and intuitive knowledge, but most people and Confucians during his time didn't accept it. Xu mainly contributed to the further expatiation and the consummation of Wang's philosophy in this domain, and also further developed Wang's school of philosophy.
Xu recorded most of Wang's words (from both his daily living and teaching) and works, collected and recensing them, also printed and published these philosophical monographies. So Xu also played an important role in publicizing the philosophy in a popular style.

</doc>
<doc id="20862175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862175" title="Zestfulness">
Zestfulness


</doc>
<doc id="20862188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862188" title="Awards and decorations of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration">
Awards and decorations of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps, one of the seven uniformed services of the United States, has the authority to issue various awards and commendations to its members. These include individual honor awards, unit honor awards, service awards, training ribbons and qualification insignia. NOAA Corps awards and decorations include:
NOAA Corps Insignia.
Command insignia.
There are three "NOAA Command" insignia: "NOAA Command-at-Sea", "NOAA Small-Craft-Command", and "NOAA Chief-of-Party".
For each of the three Command insignia, eligibility to wear them is not attained by a NOAA Corps officer being temporarily or acting in command due to absence, illness or transfer of the designated commanding officer, for periods of less than six continuous months. 
An incumbent officer wears insignia centered 1/4 inch above the right breast pocket or pocket flap. When a name tag or ribbon bars are worn on the right breast, the insignia is centered 1/4 inch above them. On the men's Service Dress Blue coat, the insignia is positioned on the right breast as though there were a pocket. On Formal Dress and Dinner Dress Jacket (Blue or White), men wear the insignia centered on the right lapel, 3 inches below the notch; women wear the insignia centered on the right lapel, down one third the distance between the shoulder seam and the coat hem.
A post tour officer wears insignia on the left breast 1/4 inch below the top of the pocket/flap. Only one post-tour command insignia may be worn; the choice of insignia is at the individual's discretion. When wearing two qualification insignia, the command insignia is worn 1/4 inch below the secondary insignia, or on uniforms with pocket flaps, 1/4 inch below the flap.
Qualification insignia.
NOAA Corps officers who have qualified as aviators, divers, submariners, parachutists, &c., or are otherwise entitled to wear a "qualification insignia" at their discretion. As follows are the qualification insignia awarded by the NOAA.
NOAA Corps officers with multiple qualifications may wear two insignia, placing one in the primary position and one in the secondary position. Only one insignia from any qualification category (i.e., diver, aviator, etc.) is authorized for wear at the same time.
When wearing the insignia with ribbon bars or medals, the primary insignia is centered above ribbon bars or medals with the lower edge of the device 1/4-inch above the top row of ribbon bars or medals. The secondary insignia is centered below ribbon bars with the top of the device 1/4 inch below the top of the pocket or pocket flap, or centered below medals with the top of the device 1/4 inch below the lowest row of medals.
Without ribbon bars or medals, the primary insignia is centered above the left pocket with the lower edge of the device 1/4 inch above the top of the pocket. In dress uniforms, men center the insignia on the left lapel, 3 inches below the notch; women center the insignia on the left lapel down one-third the distance between the shoulder seam and coat hem. Secondary insignia is centered 1/4 inch below the top of the pocket or pocket flap. On Dinner Dress Jacket uniforms, position the secondary insignia 1/4 inch below the primary insignia. Secondary insignia are not authorized for wear on working uniforms.
NOAA Corps decorations, medals and awards.
Members of the NOAA Corps may be authorized to wear awards and decorations presented by the Commerce Department, Defense Department and other uniformed services, the following list is limited to those awards presented by the NOAA Corps. 
Award attachments.
Only one of each medal or service ribbon may be worn by NOAA Corps personnel. Subsequent awards are indicated by certain attachments to the medal's suspension ribbon or on the ribbon bar.

</doc>
<doc id="20862199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862199" title="Paul Holsgrove">
Paul Holsgrove

Paul Holsgrove (born 26 August 1969) is an English former professional football player who played as a midfielder.
He played professional football from 1987 until 2001 and played in three different countries, His native England, Netherlands and Scotland. Holsgrove played for Aldershot, Wokingham Town, Luton Town, Heracles Almelo, Millwall, Reading, Grimsby Town, Crewe Alexandra, Stoke City, Hibernian, Airdrieonians, Darlington, Hayes, Slough Town and Windsor & Eton.
Career.
Holsgrove was born in Wellington, Shropshire and began his career with Aldershot. He played for the Shots four times and after failed trails at Wimbledon and West Bromwich Albion he joined Luton Town. Holsgrove only played twice for the Hatters in two seasons at Kenilworth Road and then decided to move to the Netherlands to play for Eerste Divisie side Heracles Almelo.
Holsgrove played 21 times for "Heraclieden" scoring six goals for the 1991–92 season before returning to England. He joined Millwall in August 1993 where he played 15 times in 1992–93 but injury kept him out of the 1993–94 season. He joined Reading in August 1994 and played 29 times in 1994–95 scoring four goals. He played in 37 games in 1995–96 and 17 times in 1996–97 before finding himself out of the side in 1997–98. He joined Grimsby Town on loan playing in ten matches in two months.
He left Reading to join Crewe Alexandra on a non-contract basis in November 1997 and played nine times for the Alex before joining Stoke City in January 1998. He played 12 times for Stoke scoring once which came in a 1–1 draw with Ipswich Town on 7 February 1998. He left Stoke after they suffered relegation and he went on to play for Hibernian, Airdrieonians, Darlington, Hayes, Slough Town and Windsor & Eton.

</doc>
<doc id="20862232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862232" title="Saint Ignatius College, Geelong">
Saint Ignatius College, Geelong

Saint Ignatius College is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary college located in the town of Drysdale, Victoria, Australia. The college is the only coeducational catholic secondary college in the Geelong region.
History.
The name 'Saint Ignatius College' (for Ignatius of Loyola) was not applied to the school until 2007, when the college became a Jesuit Partner School and formed a relationship with Xavier College in Melbourne. Announced in November 2006, before this time it had been the Drysdale campus of 'Catholic Regional College', which consolidated all operations to the campus in 2005.
Catholic Regional College.
Catholic Regional College was formed in 1991 as an amalgamation of female-only Goold College and the male only St. Mary's Technical School, both located in inner city Geelong. In 1992 the College became fully coeducational teaching years 7 to 12, with the junior campus (years 7 - 9) at the St. Mary's site in Yarra Street, and the senior campus (years 10 - 12) at the Goold College site in Fenwick Street.
At the Yarra Street campus a new Home Economics centre, Canteen, and two additional classroom, along with extensions to the Engineering building. At Fenwick Street refurbishment was carried out to older buildings, including the science labs, art rooms, library and administration offices. Due to the Yarra Street campus having a heritage as a technical school, the majority of the 'hands on' woodworking, metalworking and engineering subjects were taught there, with senior students required to walk the three blocks between campuses.
A third campus was opened at Drysdale in 1997, initially catering for years 7 and 8 only. This campus operated separately from the two 'City' campuses, with sports days and whole of school masses being the main links for students at the two campuses. 
In 1999 the 'St Thomas' campus at Drysdale had 189 students and offered the Year 10 program to students for the first time. It had five composite Year 7/8 home rooms, two Year 9 home rooms, and one Year 10 homeroom. The same year the city campuses each had around 250 students each. Also in 1999 the school introduced ties and blazers as part of the uniform for incoming students, expanding to all year levels in 2000.
In 2000 science buildings at the Yarra Street campus were refurbished, and a $450,000 Technology Centre was opened. The same year inaugural principal Netty Broekman left the school. The Drysdale campus remained teaching Years 7 to 10, with an enrolment of 280. It was decided to not expand to offer Year 11 at the campus in 2000 due to the limited subject section for the Victorian Certificate of Education, with students transferring to the city campus. This remained an issue for the entire time that the three campuses operated. The curriculum at the junior campus was altered in 2000, with a 'Middle Years' program for Years 7 and 8, and a 'Horizons' program for Year 9 introduced, based on programs started at the Drysdale campus when it opened.
In 2001 $170,000 in Commonwealth Government funding provided for a new computer room on the Yarra Street campus, and on the Drysdale campus the $1.6 million 'Potato Shed' 250 seat auditorium and multi-arts centre was opened, a joint initiative between the college, the City of Greater Geelong, and Bellarine Secondary College.
By 2002 the Drysdale campus had a Year 12 class, but only of 10 students. By 2004 (the last year of separate campuses) it had only increased to 29.
In 2003 a review was carried out school administrators and the Melbourne Catholic Education Office, with the decision made to consolidate the school at the Drysdale campus. The senior campus at Fenwick Street was first to close at the end of 2003, with years 8, 10 and 12 continuing on the junior campus site at Yarra Street in 2004. The Fenwick Street campus was sold to Education Department in 2004 for the expansion of the neighbouring Matthew Flinders Girls Secondary College, while part of the Yarra Street campus is used as offices for the parish of St Mary's, with other parts demolished for the expansion of the neighbouring fire station. Proposals were also made in late 2007 for the relocation of St Mary's Primary School to the remainder of the site.
Management.
The college is conducted on behalf of the thirteen Roman Catholic parishes of Geelong and Drysdale. It is administered by the body of parish priests (the Canonical Administrators) of Geelong, and is managed by a College Board under the delegation of the Canonical Administrators. 
The current principal is Michael Exton, who was the original Drysdale campus director when it was part of Catholic Regional College. School fees range from $3160 at Year 7 to $3800 at Year 12.
Facilities.
When opened in 1997 the main building on the Drysdale campus was a two storey library / classroom / computer room / canteen, known as the "Experiment, Design and Construction Centre" (EDCC) with portable classrooms making up the rest of the school. The current buildings have been erected since this time, with a large building program commenced in the lead up to the consolidation of Catholic Regional College at the site.
Despite being located 20 minutes east of Geelong, the college operates a number of bus services enable students from towns such as Bannockburn, Anakie, Lethbridge, Inverleigh, Moriac, Winchelsea, Lara and Torquay to attend the school.
Activities.
The college was an active participant in the RACV Energy Breakthrough from at least 1999 onwards.
Uniform.
The college has a compulsory school uniform, based around the school colours of dark blue, red and white. Boys wear a white shirt with grey shorts or pants, while girls have a dark blue skirt or dress with red stripes. The school tie has larger red and blue stripes, while jumpers are red, and blazers are blue. The sport uniform again uses the school colours. The current uniform was introduced along with the new name of the school, replacing the two slightly different uniforms worn at the 'Catholic Regional College' City and Drysdale campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="20862235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862235" title="Malarndirri McCarthy">
Malarndirri McCarthy

Malarndirri Barbara McCarthy (born 1970) is a Journalist & Presenter with SBS/NITV News based in Sydney and is a Yanyuwa woman from Borroloola in the Gulf of Carpentaria, Northern Territory.
In 2013 Malarndirri won the inaugural DEADLY's Journalism of the Year for her breaking story on two Perth Noongar brothers, the Thorne Brothers who were in Saudi Arabia. Shayden Thorne had been arrested on terrorism charges in Riyadh, while his brother Junaid was in hiding after protesting his brothers' innocence. Both Shayden & Junaid are now back home with their families in Perth, Western Australia (February 2014)
Malarndirri also received 2 Walkley nominations in 2013 for her story on an international car company that filmed its advertisement on Wave Rock in WA, a place of deep cultural significance to Aboriginal custodians. The General Manager of the German company flew to Wave Rock to personally apologise to custodians.
Malarndirri works part-time at 
St Ignatius College, Sydney, with Anthony Reilly the Indigenous Students Coordinator, to develop the First Nations' Unit program & to teach a cross cultural program in an Ignatian context.
Malarndirri is a former Australian Labor politician having represented Arnhem in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly from 2005 until being voted out in 2012.
In 2007 Malarndirri crossed the floor of the NT Parliament against her own Party & Government to oppose the diversion of the McArthur River, on spiritually cultural & environmental grounds, in her home country of Borroloola.
Malarndirri was re-elected unopposed In 2008 and held numerous portfolios for the next 4 years as Minister for;
- Indigenous Development
- Regional Economic Development
- Tourism
- Women
- Family & Children
- Local Government
- Statehood
- Assisting Chief Minister in Multi Cultural Affairs 
Malarndirri is a former ABC newsreader and journalist who began her cadetship in 1989 and worked across Australia as a News & Current Affairs TV /Radio reporter.
Malarndirri co-established Borroloola's first community radio station, B102.9FM The Voice of the Gulf in 1998 with assistance from the ABC, and also set up the Lijakarda Cultural Festivals & Media, Arts & Training Centre for Yanyuwa, Kudanji, Garrawa & Mara people from Borroloola.
Political life.
Malarndirri,then known as Barbara McCarthy, became the Member for Arnhem in 2005 when she was preselected as a high profile candidate to replace the retiring member John Ah Kit.
Considered by many political pundits as a star recruit for Chief Minister Clare Martin and the Australian Labor Party, she also proved to be a very hard worker and was rewarded by receiving 73.9% of the 2PP vote, a 12.5% increase on the outgoing incumbent, Ah Kit.
With the election result she also became one of 10 women in the 25 seat assembly considered at the time to be in the top 10 in the world in male to female ratio in a parliament.
Malarndirri was also as one of five successful indigenous candidates elected, properly reflecting the population ratio of indigenous people in the Territory.
Her first term was highlighted by crossing the floor, with two other ALP members, to vote against the government's decision to divert the McArthur River to allow more mining developments.
In August 2007 on the sudden death of her mother, who had been a strong advocate for the Borroloola people's struggle for land rights, language & culture and who despaired at the river diversion, Barbara McCarthy added her Yanyuwa name of Malarndirri Barbara McCarthy, out of cultural respect for her mother.
Malarndirri was re-elected unopposed in the 2008 election, with the CLP opposition unable to find anyone to run against her.
Immediately following the election McCarthy was promoted to the Ministry and was the Minister for Children and Families, Child Protection, Statehood, Women's Policy, Senior Territorians, Young Territorians and the Minister Assisting the Chief Minister on Multicultural Affairs.
Post Political Life.
Malarndirri is currently a Journalist/Presenter at SBS/ News. Malarndirri presents NITV News Week in Review on SBS1 2.30pm on Fridays and on NITV on the weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="20862252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20862252" title="Santo Domingo Women">
Santo Domingo Women

Santo Domingo is the top female volleyball team of Santo Domingo.
History.
The team was found in 2007.
Current volleyball squad.
"As of December 2008"
Coach: Enrique Larrazaleta
Assistant coach: Juan Capellan
Palmares.
National competition.
National league
None

</doc>
