<doc id="20877882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877882" title="Herb Siler">
Herb Siler

Herb Siler (b. Jan. 5, 1935 Brundidge, Alabama, USA - d. March 25, 2001 Miami) is a former heavyweight boxer. He won 15 fights (including seven by the way of knock outs) and lost 12, but did not have any draws. His career started in 1960 and ended in 1967. Siler lost to Muhammad Ali through a 4th round knockout in 1960. In 1972 he was convicted for manslaughter and subsequently served a 7-year sentence. His grandson is NFL linebacker Brandon Siler.

</doc>
<doc id="20877883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877883" title="Coddenham">
Coddenham

Coddenham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located to the north of the A14 road, 8 miles north of Ipswich, the parish also includes the hamlet of Coddenham Green. In 2005 its population was 570. Village facilities include a village shop, country club, pub and the community & sports hall.
During the Roman occupation of Britain, Coddenham was the largest settlement in Suffolk.

</doc>
<doc id="20877890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877890" title="Sonata Theory">
Sonata Theory

Sonata Theory is an approach to the description of sonata form in terms of individual works' treatment of generic expectations. For example, it is normative for the secondary theme of a minor-mode sonata to be in either the key of III or v. If a composer chooses to break this norm in a given piece, that is a deviation that requires analytical and interpretive explanation. The essentials of the theory are presented by its developers, James Hepokoski and Warren Darcy, in the book "Elements of Sonata Theory", which won the Society for Music Theory's Wallace Berry Award in 2008.[http://www.societymusictheory.org/index.php?pid=222] Although the theory is particularly designed to treat late-eighteenth-century works such as those by Mozart, Haydn, and Beethoven, many of its principles are applicable to works in sonata form from later centuries.
Methodology.
Rather than attempt to prescribe a set of rules to which all pieces in sonata form must adhere, sonata theory seeks to demonstrate that sonata form is "a constellation of normative and optional procedures that are flexible in their realization." A work in sonata form is expected to accomplish certain goals; how it goes about this task is to be understood in relation to a set of background stylistic tendencies. The theory, then, understands the sonata as an example of dialogic form: the compositional choices that create an individual piece of music are in dialogue with generic norms and expectations. A large component of the theory is therefore a reconstruction of what these norms were based on an extensive study of the late-eighteenth-century repertoire.
Central to this undertaking are the notions of defaults and deformations. At any point in a sonata movement, such as at the beginning of the secondary theme or the end of the development, a composer had various choices for how to proceed. The most typical option, or the first level default, might be bypassed in favor of a second (or lower level) default. For example, developments most frequently begin by recalling the exposition's primary theme in a new key, but a development might also begin episodically by introducing new material, which Hepokoski and Darcy posit "may be a second-level default option." On the other hand, a composer might choose for this moment of the piece to behave in a genuinely atypical way. This is what Sonata Theory terms a "deformation" of normal practice. The term deformation is not meant to suggest an aesthetic judgment (along the lines of "malformed") but rather is intended as a technical term indicating a significant deviation from ordinary practice. Indeed, deformational moments are often the most unusual, interesting, and pleasing aspects of a work: "Deformations are compositional surprises, engaging forays into the unexpected. But the paradox of art is that the nature of the game at hand also and always includes the idea that we are to expect the unexpected." A central part of the analytic and interpretive work of Sonata Theory lies in recognizing these deformations and default choices and understanding how they affect the progress of a piece as a whole.
From the perspective of the theory, sonata form engages two principal levels of compositional design: tonal and rhetorical. The tonal layout of sonata form has frequently been described by theorists, and involves a motion from the tonic to a secondary key in the exposition, answered by a return and solidification of the tonic later in the piece (usually in the recapitulation). The rhetorical form, on the other hand, concerns the manner in which themes, textures, and musical ideas are presented; it "includes personalized factors of design and "ad hoc" expression: modular and textural layout, selection and arrangement of musical topics, varieties of structural punctuation, and so on." A key consideration of the theory in this regard is the rotational layout of the usual sonata design. An exposition usually presents a number of differing musical ideas in a specific order. Later sections of the piece (such as the development, recapitulation, and coda) usually revisit these ideas in the same order—though not necessarily touching on every one—as if rotating through a pre-set sequence, like hours on a clock or channels on a television dial.
Key concepts.
Sonata Theory understands the rhetorical layout of a sonata as progressing through a set of action spaces and moments of "structural punctuation." These action spaces largely correlate with the "themes" or "groups" of the sonata, though each space is differentiated primarily by the unique generic goal that the music pursues within that particular space. The exposition lays out each space, establishing a rotational order which the recapitulation also follows. Frequently the development will only articulate a subset of these action spaces, moving only through a partial rotation, although fully rotational, entirely episodic, and non-rotational developments also occur. 
The primary theme (P) zone or space presents the initial musical material of the sonata, excluding an optional introduction which is not considered part of the sonata form proper. One function of this space is to define the main (or tonic) key of the piece, usually confirming it with a cadence at the end of the theme. Generically, however, the sonata is required to depart from this home key for the later action spaces, so the tonic proposed by P is only provisional; one of the main generic goals of the following sonata form is to eventually affirm this key with a more definitive cadence. A second function of P material is to signal the initiation of one of the sonata's rotations. As P falls at the beginning of the rotational layout and usually consists of distinctive musical material, every subsequent occurrence of that material suggests the beginning of a new rotation.
The transition (TR) follows P, sometimes emerging seamlessly out of it. The chief goal of TR is to build up energy, although TR also frequently modulates away from the tonic to prepare the sonata's secondary key. The most common goal for the transition's energy gain is to drive to the first moment of "structural punctuation," the medial caesura. If this option is chosen, a Two-Part Exposition is produced; if not, TR leads directly to the essential expositional closure (described below), producing a Continuous Exposition.
The medial caesura (MC or ’), if present, is an abrupt gap in the musical texture, either a complete gap in sound or covered over by light "filler" material. The MC is often triggered by repeated, declamatory ("hammer blow") chords and follows either a half cadence or authentic cadence in the tonic or secondary key. (The first level default is to build an MC around a half cadence in the new key; by far the least common option is to set the MC up by an authentic cadence in the tonic.) This moment of punctuation serves one purpose: to announce the impending arrival of the sonata's secondary theme. According to Sonata Theory, a piece cannot have a secondary theme without an MC to prepare it (except in highly deformational circumstances): the medial caesura is a necessary generic marker of the second theme. This is the meaning of the term "Two-Part Exposition:" sonata expositions including a medial caesura are articulated into primary and secondary themes. Those without proceed "continuously" from beginning to closure.
If prepared by a medial caesura, the secondary theme (S) begins in the exposition's new key (normatively V for major mode sonatas and III or v for minor mode ones). Often, and with increasing frequency in the nineteenth century, (but by no means exclusively) the secondary theme is marked by a quieter, more lyrical character than the energetic TR that preceded it. The main objective of the S action space, however, is to confirm the new key with a perfect authentic cadence. This cadence is the overaching goal of a sonata exposition, and its equivalent moment in the recapitulation is the chief goal of the sonata form as a whole. Thus S space is often characterized by dramatic methods of delaying this cadential arrival. (One common manner in which this is accomplished is the articulation of an apparent "second" medial caesura, producing what Sonata Theory terms a Trimodular Block.) 
The authentic cadence that S-space strives for is the essential expositional closure (EEC), the second main moment of structural punctuation in an exposition. (The equivalent moment in a recapitulation is the essential structural closure (ESC).) Usually, the EEC is provided by the first perfect authentic cadence articulated after S-space has begun, although this can be undermined in various ways (such as repeating previously heard material from S, implying that the previous cadence was somehow insufficient and S-space needs to "try again"). Thus the EEC is conventionally defined as "the first satisfactory perfect authentic cadence that proceeds onward to differing material." The EEC confirms the new key proposed by S; it is the generic goal of the exposition as a whole. Likewise, the ESC in the recapitulation confirms the key of S in the recapitulation, which is now the tonic. Thus the ESC confirms the piece's tonic as a whole, solidifying the tonal promise first made by P in the exposition. The entire sonata form, therefore, is understood as a dynamic trajectory toward the ESC, the basic plan of which is foreshadowed by the exposition's approach to the EEC. This teleology is central to Sonata Theory's conception of the dramatic and expressive potential of sonata form as a whole.
Following the EEC or ESC, a composer can append a closing (C) zone that reinforces the key of the cadence. Often this involves further authentic cadences after the EEC, even ones that are more rhetorically forceful, but they serve only to reinforce the closure attained by the EEC. By the definition of the "essential closure" cadences, C must involve musical material that differs from what was heard in S. In fact, C space often includes distinctly new thematic material.
The entire layout of a Two-Part Exposition is thus often represented as:
P TR ’ S ↓ C 
Sonata types.
One fundamental choice that composers had in constructing a sonata form was how many rotations to employ. Sonata Theory recognizes five different Types of sonatas based on their rotational distribution. (The selection of sonata type is independent of the piece's internal rotational layout: a sonata of any type might have either a Continuous or a Two-Part exposition, for example.)
The Type 1 Sonata is a bi-rotational structure: it includes only an expositional rotation, followed immediately (or perhaps after a short link) by a recapitulatory rotation. This type, frequently employed in slow movements, therefore lacks a traditional development section.
The Type 2 Sonata is also bi-rotational, but the design of its second rotation is more complicated. (The first rotation is usually a standard exposition.) Instead of beginning the second rotation with the P-theme in the tonic, setting off a normal recapitulation, Type 2 sonatas replace the beginning of the rotation with material that seems like a traditional development (although, like most developments, this material is often based on P). At some point, this developmental material segues back into the normal rotational sequence, usually at some point during TR, but occasionally as late as the MC itself. Thus it often happens that the restoration of the tonic key in Rotation 2 is accomplished by the arrival of S. This has led other analysts to apply the term "reversed recapitulation" to this sonata type. Sonata Theory, in contrast, reserves the term "recapitulation" for instances in which the beginning of a rotation coincides with the return of the tonic key. Thus, the arrival of S in the middle of a Type 2 second rotation functions as a "tonal resolution" but not as the beginning of a recapitulation, because it does not initiate a new rotation.
The Type 3 Sonata is the traditional textbook design, including full exposition, development, and recapitulation, each of which has its own independent rotational design (although developments are often only half-rotational). 
The Type 4 Sonata describes structures that others have referred to as sonata rondos. The key aspects of this sonata type include a retransition (RT) that concludes every rotation (following C space), a second (developmental) rotation that begins with P in the tonic, and an obligatory P-based coda following the recapitulatory rotation.
The Type 5 Sonata is the design employed by the first movement of most eighteenth-century concertos and is the most complicated sonata design. Although great variation exists between individual Type 5 movements, the most characteristic features of the Type 5 are an extra, initial, non-modulatory rotation for the orchestra alone and an alternation between blocks of music for the soloist and for the orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20877895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877895" title="David Brocken">
David Brocken

David Brocken (born 18 February 1971) is a retired Belgian football player.
After his active career, David Brocken became youth coördinator with Lierse S.K.. In 2007 he went back to Norway to become youth coördinator with another former team Vålerenga IF Fotball. Since 2009 he is sports director/youth coördinator with Frigg Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20877902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877902" title="Ræstdzinad">
Ræstdzinad

Ræstdzinad (; "Truth") is an Ossetian language daily newspaper (excluding Sunday and Monday) published in Vladikavkaz, Russia, since March 14, 1923. The circulation during recent years stood at 15,000–20,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20877909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877909" title="Cotton, Suffolk">
Cotton, Suffolk

Cotton is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located to the east of the Great Eastern Main Line, the parish also includes the hamlet of Dandy Corner. In 2005 its population was 510.

</doc>
<doc id="20877910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877910" title="Fred Etcher">
Fred Etcher

Frederick Keith Etcher (August 23, 1932 – November 25, 2011) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Oshawa, Ontario.
Etcher won the silver medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in ice hockey and still holds the record for the most points (9 goals, 12 assists) in a single Olympic tournament. Etcher is also tied for the record of the most assists in a single Olympic tournament.
He played for Oshawa Generals. Etcher played 102 matches in the Ontario Hockey Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20877911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877911" title="Malaysian school uniform">
Malaysian school uniform

In Malaysia, school uniforms (Malay: "Pakaian Seragam Sekolah") are compulsory for all students who attend public schools. Malaysia introduced Western style school uniforms in the late 19th century during the British colonial era. Today, school uniforms are almost universal in the public and private school systems.
Uniforms worn in Malaysian public schools.
The uniforms at Malaysian public schools are as follows:
As to the choice between long or short trousers for boys, in recent times it has become more common for Muslim boys to wear long trousers, especially at secondary level. Chinese or Indian boys still wear short trousers at primary level and in the first couple of years of secondary at some schools.
Students are required to wear white socks and white shoes with the above uniform. For modesty reasons as well, most schools require female students who wear the baju kurung to wear a plain-coloured camisole underneath.
In addition to these, schools usually have their own school badges which must be sewn or ironed on to the uniform - generally at the left chest. Some schools also require students to sew their name tags in addition to the school badge. For upper forms, students generally have to wear a school-specific tie, except those who are wearing the baju kurung.
In Malaysia, Muslim girls tend to wear the baju kurung. Most of them start wearing a white "tudung" (Malaysian version of the Muslim headscarf or hijab) upon entering secondary school, for religious reasons. Non-Muslim girls tend to wear the pinafore. Some non-Muslim girls wear the baju kurung.
Muslim boys may wear Baju Melayu at school on Fridays, often with a songkok hat, so as to be dressed for going to the mosque for prayers at lunchtime.
Girls who choose to wear the pinafore, especially those attending co-ed schools, also usually wear shorts under their pinafore to allow for carefree movement as the skirt of the pinafore only covers up to the knee. Those who wear the baju kurung tend not to wear shorts under their long skirt as their long skirt already covers their legs.
Public schools also have their own authority to set special school uniforms for prefects, class monitors, librarians and as such, there are many varieties of them depending on schools.
Neckties are often worn by prefects, class monitors, librarians, and other students of rank. Some schools have neckties as standard issue, but even then, the neckties are generally reserved for school events and public appearances, and are not part of the everyday school uniform, the tropical climate making them uncomfortable.
The hairstyle of students is also given attention by schools and the Ministry of Education Schools do not allow students to colour their hair. For boys, there is usually a maximum length of hair allowed, for example, the hair must be a few centimetres above the collar, and no sideburns are allowed. Violation of boys' hair regulations is often punished with a caning but some schools offer the alternative of an enforced haircut at the school. The use of hair gel is prohibited in some of the stricter schools, in order to prevent excessive hairdressing. For girls with long hair, their hair must be properly tied up, often into a ponytail. Some schools dictate the colour and type of hair accessories that can be used. Some prohibit even girls from having long hair. Wearing make up in school is prohibited.
Schools usually enforce their school uniform code thoroughly, with regular checks by teachers and prefects. Students who fail to comply may be warned, given demerit points, publicly punished, sent home from school, or caned.
Private schools.
Private primary schools generally have uniforms identical to those of the public system. Most private secondary schools, however, have their own school uniform. Today, many private schools have their students wear polo shirts in the school colours, and girls wear skirts instead of pinafores. The "baju kurung" is also accepted.
Kindergarten.
There is no set uniform in kindergartens as they are privately owned. Each kindergarten might have different uniforms or allow free choice of clothing. The uniform in most Malaysian kindergartens is the sailor uniform. These schools also tend to have a sports uniform. The remainder have uniforms identical to that of the public primary school uniform.

</doc>
<doc id="20877913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877913" title="Saracens Sports Club">
Saracens Sports Club

The Saracens Sports Club (Saracens SC) is a Sri Lankan first class cricket team that competes in the Premier Trophy.
Honours.
2008–09 (Tier B)

</doc>
<doc id="20877929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877929" title="Boga (noisemaker)">
Boga (noisemaker)

The boga, also known as a PVC cannon, is a noisemaker popular with revellers celebrating the New Year in the Philippines. Use of the device has been banned by the Philippine government since 2006. 
Originating from the province of Cavite, the device is made from a length of PVC pipe of substantial diameter mated to a toy gun. Denatured alcohol is squirted or sprayed into the pipe's breech end and ignited by the toy gun's trigger mechanism which is connected to a cigarette lighter or gas stove igniter. The combination of air and alcohol in the pipe's enclosed space when ignited by a spark from the trigger mechanism causes the fuel-air mixture to combust, resulting in a loud, booming sound.
Ban and injuries.
Health officials in the Philippines have repeatedly warned against use of the noisemaker, which they deem to be dangerous as its use carries a risk of blast or burn injury. For the 2006 New Year Celebrations, a ban was ordered on December 27 against the use of the devices. Officials cited a variety of possible injuries from use of the device, mostly involving delayed explosions to the facial region resulting in eye injury, among others. Post traumatic conjunctivitis was cited as one of the noted effects. 
Users of the device, in some cases children, tend to prematurely open the boga whenever it fails to fire, causing any delayed blasts to fire upon the unsuspecting user's face. Of 178 firecracker-related injuries recorded for the 2006 season (as of December 28) so far, eighteen percent were confirmed to have been caused by use of bogas. In December 2007, officials from the local Department of Health maintained the ban on the devices, reminding the public with press releases, flyers and awareness campaigns.
The PVC cannon is a prohibited weapon in NSW, Australia, along with other devices which are designed to propel or launch a bomb, grenade, rocket or missile by any means other than an explosive.

</doc>
<doc id="20877932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877932" title="Gate II">
Gate II

Gate II is the third album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21, 1998. It is also the first in a small series of albums released by Iceman from 1999 until their official departure from the Japanese music scene in 2003. This series includes three studio albums (Gate II, Gate I, and Gate//White), as well as 1 remix album and 1 “analog” album (gate out - 1st remix album and gate out - 1st analog album, respectively). This album also contains the song “Shining Collection,” which, since its use in famed yaoi anime Gravitation, has gained a substantial following among the anime/manga community.

</doc>
<doc id="20877936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877936" title="Gotham Sidings">
Gotham Sidings

Gotham Sidings , was a set of railway sidings on the Great Central Main Line, where the line crosses Gotham Moor near Gotham, Nottinghamshire. The sidings were set between Rushcliffe Halt and Ruddington railway station.
The sidings were constructed between 1899 and 1900, after the completion of the London Extension in 1899, to serve a short branch line to the Limestone (plaster) works of the Gotham Company's works (later British Gypsum) situated in Gotham itself. The branch line closed in 1969. The route of the branch line from Gotham Junction can still be traced, and part of it is now used as a road.
The Great Central Railway (Nottingham) have stated their intention to develop the site along the lines of Swithland Sidings, though there is no road access to the site, there are however farm tracks. The original Signal Box diagrams survive in Loughborough Central Museum.
External links.
GCR sidings at Gotham
GCR Heritage railway Nottingham

</doc>
<doc id="20877943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877943" title="Creeting St Mary">
Creeting St Mary

Creeting St Mary is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Sandwiched between the A14 and A140 to the north of Needham Market, the parish also includes the hamlet of Creeting Bottoms. In 2005 its population was 710. The buck of a windmill survives in the village. It was used as a dovecote after ceasing to be a windmill.

</doc>
<doc id="20877944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877944" title="Pediatric dentistry">
Pediatric dentistry

Pediatric dentists are the pediatricians of dentistry. A pediatric dentist has two to three years specialty training following dental school and limits his/her practice to treating children only. Pediatric dentists are primary and specialty oral care providers for infants and children through adolescence, including those with special health needs. 
Pediatric dentistry pedodontics (American English) or paedodontics (Commonwealth English) is the branch of dentistry dealing with children 
from birth through adolescence. The specialties recognized by the American Dental Association, Royal College of Dentists of Canada, and Royal Australasian College of Dental Surgeons.
Pediatric dentists promote the dental health of children as well as serve as educational resources for parents. It is recommended by the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry (AAPD) and the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) that a dental visit should occur within six months after the presence of the first tooth or by a child's first birthday. The AAPD has said that it is important to establish a comprehensive and accessible ongoing relationship between the dentist and patient – referring to this as the patient's "dental home". This is because early oral examination aids in the detection of the early stages of tooth decay. Early detection is essential to maintain oral health, modify aberrant habits, and treat as needed and as simply as possible. Additionally, parents are given a program of preventative home care (brushing/flossing/fluorides), a caries risk assessment, information on finger, thumb, and pacifier habits, advice on preventing injuries to the mouth and teeth of children, diet counseling, and information on growth and development.
Residency programs.
"United States"
External links.
Organizations

</doc>
<doc id="20877954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877954" title="Creeting St Peter">
Creeting St Peter

Creeting St Peter, also known as West Creeting due to its location west of the larger Creeting St Mary, is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located to the north of the A14 road between Stowmarket and Needham Market, in 2005 its population was 260.

</doc>
<doc id="20877956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877956" title="Rongwo Monastery">
Rongwo Monastery

Rongwo Monastery (Wylie: Rong Bo) also known as Longwu in Chinese is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Tongren, Huangnan Prefecture, Qinghai, China (known as Rebkong Town in Amdo to Tibetans) and is 186 km from Xining.
Name.
The monastery is named after the Rongwo river upon which it is located (Tibetan: Rong Bo dGu CHu). The Tibetan name of the monastery is Rong Bo'i dGon Po, which means "Monastery of Rongwo", where dGon Po means monastery and 'i is the genitive case marker. In colloquial Amdo Tibetan, when the syllable BO is preceded by another syllable, BO is pronounced as WO, and when the vowel o is followed by 'i, the vowel undergoes a transformation and becomes u. therefore Rong Bo'i dGon po is pronounced as Rongwu Gonpo in Amdo Tibetan, and hence the Chinese imitation becomes "Longwu".
History.
Rongwu Monastery was initially established as a three temple site in 1341 in by Rongwu Samten Rinpoche. Samten’s younger brother was the architect and designer of the temples. The first temple built was the Temple of 3 Buddhas and then the Golden Temple and other temples. Shartsang Kaldan Gyatso (1607-1677) is recognized as the 1st re-incarnation of Rongwu Samten Rinpoche and is the founder of the monastery at the temple sites. The 8th re-incarnation was recognized in October 1991. Yarba Chogyi built the prayer hall, the Victory Stupa and the Stupas at the 4 corners of the monastery, he had the sayings of Buddha written in gold and commissioned the statues of Tsong Kapa. Shartsang Gyatso established the 1st monastic college, Tsennyi Tratsang, in which Buddhist dialectics is taught in 1630. Following re-incarnations until the 7th incarnation of Shartsang, Lobsang Trinley Longtok Gyatso, gradually expanded the colleges to the present: the Tsennyi Tratsang, the Gyamat Tratsang (Lower tantric College or study/reading of the scriptures) and the Duikor Tratsang, a monastic college of the wheel of time also known as the college of Kalachakra, the 10 syllable mantra. This information was provided at the monastery in June 2006 and is translated from their official documents. </ref> 
Rongwo Monastery is of the Gelukpa sect.

</doc>
<doc id="20877966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877966" title="Black Clauchrie House">
Black Clauchrie House

Black Clauchrie House is a late Victorian manor house, located on the outskirts of the village of Barrhill in South Ayrshire, Scotland, adjacent to the Galloway Forest Park. It is protected as a category C(s) listed building.
It was originally built as a hunting lodge between 1898 and 1901 in the Arts and Crafts style for Robert David Jardine Mein-Austin (1864–1910) and his wife Flora. The house was designed by the Ayrshire-based architect James K. Hunter (1863–1929). Some of its features include a wood-beamed glass house, a ballroom and a minstrels' gallery. Some of the house was taken down by owners Richard Akerman and Yvonne Hawker before 2003. Originally part of a estate, it is now set in of land.
Although under private ownership the estate is run as a business, with holiday cottages available and the main house also available for hire.
In 2009, Black Clauchrie House was the subject of a Channel 4 television documentary presented by hotelier Ruth Watson as part of the "Country House Rescue" series.

</doc>
<doc id="20877973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877973" title="Classica (TV channel)">
Classica (TV channel)

Classica is an Italian premium television channel devoted to classical music, opera, ballet and jazz. It broadcasts concerts, documentaries and interviews for 20 hours a day on SKY Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="20877995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20877995" title="Kunst im Tunnel">
Kunst im Tunnel

Kunst im Tunnel or KIT is a contemporary art museum in Düsseldorf. It is the new exhibition space of Kunsthalle Düsseldorf, located within the Rheinufertunnel - hence the name. It has an underground exhibition area of 850m².

</doc>
<doc id="20878000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878000" title="Caraga Regional Science High School">
Caraga Regional Science High School

CARAGA Regional Science High School is a public school in San Juan, Surigao City, Surigao del Norte, Philippines. CARAGA RSHS is the leading school in the Division of Surigao City with high MPS during the annual National Achievement Tests (NAT), and has been consistent in making its name in Division, Regional, National and International level contests.
History.
The birth of the DepEd Caraga Administrative Region or Region XIII on February 23, 1995 by virtue of the Republic Act No. 7901, required the establishment of a Regional Science High School with a permanent site.
Regional Director Sol F. Matugas tasked City Schools Division Superintendent, Dr. Glorina Mongaya-Tremedal, to seek support from former Surigao City Mayor Salvador Sering who agreed with the idea and so donated an area of 10,000 sq.m. located at the portion of Barangay, San Juan.
The Caraga Regional Science High School made Matilde J. Manliguis, appointed by Director Matugas, head of the school aside from her designation as the principal of the SJNHS.
For the first two years, CRSHS shared the roof of San Juan National High School as it had no building of its own. The realization of the school building took over a year considering that the location was still swampy. Finally in 1999, it transferred to its new site with a six classroom building with a science and a computer laboratory rooms.
CRSHS started its humble beginning with 120 freshmen qualifiers mostly coming from the elementary schools of the same division and the nearby towns. The number of students gradually decreased yearly until what was left on its fourth year were the 49 students who became the pioneering graduates.
In 2003-2004, DepEd Caraga granted CRSHS the permission to operate a separate secondary school. CRSHS caught the attention of the entire nation when it maintained its place as topnotcher in the National Secondary Achievement Test (NSAT); consequently, putting the school in the Hall of fame.
Admission and Retention.
Admission to CARAGA RSHS.
Students who belong to the upper 10% of the Grade VI graduating class and who have been recommended by their respective principals are qualified to take the entrance examination.
Selection will be done in three stages and is conducted by the school. The first stage is the administration of standardized mental ability and aptitude test. The student applicant must belong to the 40 percent of the first stage of examination in order to advance to the second stage.
The second stage is the proficiency test in Science, English, and Mathematics. The stage qualifier should obtain at least 75 percent proficiency level in order to advance to the last stage of the selection process.
The last stage is the interview of the student and parents. It would be conducted by the RSHS screening committee. The interview shall be rated in accordance with a prepared rubric and shall be an integral part of the score obtained by the student.
Retention.
A student should obtain a final average grade of at least 85% in English, Mathematics and Science, with no grade lower than 80% in any of these subjects, in any grading period, and a final grade of 83% in the rest of the subjects. If a student fails to meet the latter grade requirement the student will be in probation for a period of one year.
There were plans before of increasing the cut-off grade in Science, Math, and English subjects from 85% to 88% and the rest of the subjects from 83% to 85%, however this wasn't implemented due to some circumstances.
Transfer.
Only students who have maintained the grade requirement set for RSHS shall be allowed to transfer laterally, that is, from one RSHS to another. Transfer from general high school to the RSHS is not allowed in any curriculum year.
The RSHS Curriculum.
Overview.
Regional Science High Schools implements a curriculum which is different from Regular High Schools (which uses RBEC curriculum), Science High Schools other than RSHS (which uses ESEP curriculum) in the Philippines and Philippine Science High School (which implements curriculum prescribed by DOST).
The curriculum consists of four levels, which is two years of general studies, followed by two years of a student-chosen major. Students apply for majors in sophomore year, and take four semesters of major classes throughout junior and senior year.
The school offers a highly accelerated curriculum for math, science and information and communications technology and a custom-made curriculum tailored for the school in the areas of the English and Filipino languages, Social Studies, and humanities, with required courses and a wide selection of electives. Students have an opportunity to do independent research, and many compete in the annual Intel Science Fair.
The basic science courses includes earth & environmental sciences, biology, chemistry, and physics. First year students tackle earth & environmental science, and Introduction to Physical Sciences (Physics & Chemistry). Biology, Chemistry and Physics is introduced during second year. Sophomores tackle the areas of botany, inorganic chemistry, and mechanics. Zoology, organic chemistry, and thermodynamics is studied by juniors. Seniors have human biology, analytical chemistry and electricity, electronics, electromagnetics, and vectors.
In mathematics, students takes up elementary mathematics, elementary and intermediate algebra, plane and solid geometry, and probability and statistics during freshman. Linear algebra, analytic geometry, plane and spherical trigonometry, and statistics in research are taken during sophomore. Differential and integral calculus and Differential equations, and Advanced Statistics are learned by juniors. Seniors tackle advanced topics in mathematics.
Students takes a four year English course. Grammar and composition is tackled by freshmen and sophomores, while journalism, and speech and drama are included in the junior and senior course respectively. Technical writing is also included in the freshmen English course. Philippine literature, Asian literature, World Literature, and Contemporary literature are taught during freshman, sophomore, junior, and senior years, respectively.
Information and communications technology (ICT) is also a part of the curriculum. Freshmen learn about computer fundamentals, digital design, and programming. Sophomores undergo a computer programming and applications course. Digital signal processing is learned by juniors. Data communication and networking is a part of the senior year.
Four years of Filipino language and literatures are required. Sining ng Pakikipagtalastasan (communication arts) courses are studied by freshman and sophomores. Juniors tackle pagbasa at pagsulat sa ibat ibang disciplina (reading and writing in different disciplines) while seniors learn about retorika (rhetoric). Included in their panatikan (literature) course are Ibong Adarna, Florante at Laura, Noli Me Tangere, and El Filibusterismo, which are tackled during freshman, sophomore, junior, and senior years, respectively.
Social studies and History classes are required. Philippine History, Asian history, World History, and Life of Jose Rizal are taken up by freshmen, sophomores, juniors and seniors, respectively. Sociology, geography, economics, and political science are learned during freshman, sophomore, junior and senior, respectively.
Health and Physical Education courses are also required, with many activities to choose from.
Previously Values Education was taught in RSHSs in freshman and sophomore levels, however the subject was removed from the RSHSs curricula in 2003. The subject was replaced by Technical writing & intro to statistics in freshman curriculla and Statistics in Research in sophomore curricula. However Values Education subject was back after its almost 10 years of not teaching it is was return as one of the subject for freshmen Grade -7 students starting in S.Y. 2012-2013 due to K-12curriculum. But the subjects Research and Basic Statistics Were not remove. Therefore there are total of 10 subjects were taught for Grade - 7 students.
Amendments.
In reference to Dep. Ed order No. 25 S. 2006, the following are amendments to enclosure no. 1 of Dep. Ed order no. 49 s. 2003 entitled "The 2003 Curriculum of Regional Science High Schools"
a. Mathematics Curricular offerings effective school year 2006-2007
b. Mathematics Curricular offerings effective school year 2007-2008
c. Differential equation and Geology/Meteorology/Astronomy as electives in fourth year shall not be offered as electives for high school students.
Student opportunities.
Research.
Along with a rigorous academic foundation, and an array of extracurricular choices, students are provided with original research opportunities in the biological, physical, and social sciences, as well as in field of mathematics and programs that hone students' investigation skills and prepare them for academic competitions.
Sections.
Grade 7 -> Copernicus, Lavoisier, Mendel, Fleming |
Grade 8 -> Pasteur, Aristotle, Socrates, Linnaeus |
3rd Year -> Galileo, Archimedes, Newton |
4th Year -> Boyle, Darwin, Bohr 
Publications.
The two publications of CARAGA Regional Science High School have been maintaining their spots as one of the multi-awarded school papers in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="20878004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878004" title="Don Joyce">
Don Joyce

Don Joyce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20878009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878009" title="French formal garden">
French formal garden

The French formal garden, also called jardin à la française, is a style of garden based on symmetry and the principle of imposing order over nature. It reached its apogee in the 17th century with the creation of the Gardens of Versailles, designed for Louis XIV by the landscape architect André Le Nôtre. The style was widely copied by other courts of Europe. 
History.
Renaissance Influence.
The "Garden à la française" evolved from the French Renaissance garden, a style which was inspired by the Italian Renaissance garden at the beginning of the 16th century. The Italian Renaissance garden, typified by the Boboli Gardens in Florence and the Villa Medici in Fiesole, was characterized by planting beds, or parterres, created in geometric shapes, and laid out symmetrical patterns; the use of fountains and cascades to animate the garden; stairways and ramps to unite different levels of the garden; grottos, labyrinths, and statuary on mythological themes. The gardens were designed to represent harmony and order, the ideals of the Renaissance, and to recall the virtues of Ancient Rome. 
Following his campaign in Italy in 1495, where he saw the gardens and castles of Naples, King Charles VIII brought Italian craftsmen and garden designers, such as Pacello da Mercogliano, from Naples and ordered the construction of Italian-style gardens at his residence at the Château d'Amboise and at château Gaillard another private's king résidence in Amboise. His successor Henry II, who had also traveled to Italy and had met Leonardo da Vinci, created an Italian nearby at the Château de Blois. Beginning in 1528, King Francis I of France created new gardens at the Château de Fontainebleau, which featured fountains, parterres, a forest of pine trees brought from Provence and the first artificial grotto in France. The Château de Chenonceau had two gardens in the new style, one created for Diane de Poitiers in 1551, and a second for Catherine de' Medici in 1560.
In 1536 the architect Philibert de l'Orme, upon his return from Rome, created the gardens of the Château d'Anet following the Italian rules of proportion. The carefully prepared harmony of Anet, with its parterres and surfaces of water integrated with sections of greenery, became one of the earliest and most influential examples of the classic French garden.
While the gardens of the French Renaissance were much different in their spirit and appearance than those of the Middle Ages, they were still not integrated with the architecture of the châteaux, and were usually enclosed by walls. The different parts of the gardens were not harmoniously joined together, and they were often placed on difficult sites chosen for terrain easy to defend, rather than for beauty. All this was to change in the middle of the 17th century with the development of the first real "Garden à la française".
Vaux-le-Vicomte.
The first important garden à la française was the Chateau of Vaux-le-Vicomte, created by Nicolas Fouquet, the superintendent of Finances to Louis XIV, beginning in 1656. Fouquet commissioned Louis Le Vau to design the chateau, Charles Le Brun to design statues for the garden, and André Le Nôtre to create the gardens. For the first time, that garden and the chateau were perfectly integrated. A grand perspective of 1500 meters extended from the foot of the chateau to the statue of the Hercules of Farnese; and the space was filled with parterres of evergreen shrubs in ornamental patterns, bordered by colored sand, and the alleys were decorated at regular intervals by statues, basins, fountains, and carefully sculpted topiaries. "The symmetry attained at Vaux achieved a degee of perfection and unity rarely equalled in the art of classic gardens. The chateau is at the center of this strict spatial organization which symbolizes power and success."
Gardens of Versailles.
The Gardens of Versailles, created by André Le Nôtre between 1662 and 1700, were the greatest achievement of the Garden à la francaise. They were the largest gardens in Europe - with an area of 15000 hectares, and were laid out on an east-west axis followed the course of the sun: the sun rose over the Court of Honor, lit the Marble Court, crossed the Chateau and lit the bedroom of the King, and set at the end of the Grand Canal, reflected in the mirrors of the Hall of Mirrors. In contrast with the grand perspectives, reaching to the horizon, the garden was full of surprises - fountains, small gardens fill with statuary, which provided a more human scale and intimate spaces.
The central symbol of the Garden was the sun; the emblem of Louis XIV, illustrated by the statue of Apollo in the central fountain of the garden. "The views and perspectives, to and from the palace, continued to inifinity. The king ruled over nature, recreating in the garden not only his domination of his territories, but over the court and his subjects."
Decline.
Andre Le Nôtre died in 1700, but his pupils and his ideas continued to dominate the design of gardens in France through the reign of Louis XV. His nephew Degots created the garden at Bagnolet (Seine-Saint-Denis) for Philippe II, Duke of Orléans (1717) and at Champs (Seine-et-Marne), and another relative, , created gardens for Madame de Pompadour at Crécy (Eure-et-Loire) in 1746 and Bellevue (Hauts-de-Seine) in 1748-1750. The major inspiration for gardens continued to be architecture, rather than nature - the architect Ange-Jacques Gabriel designed elements of the gardens at Versailles, Choisy (Val-de-Marne), and Compiègne. 
Nonetheless, a few variations in the strict geometry of the garden à la française began to appear. Elaborate parterres of broderies, with their curves and counter-curves, were replaced by parterres of grass bordered with flowerbeds, which were easier to maintain. Circles became ovals, called rotules, with alleys radiating outward in the shape of an 'x', and irregular octagon shapes appeared. Gardens began to follow the natural landscape, rather than moving earth to shape the ground into artificial terraces. 
In the middle of the 18th century, the influence of the new English garden created by British aristocrats and landowners, and the popularity of the Chinese style, brought to France by Jesuit priests from the Court of the Emperor of China, a style which rejected symmetry in favor of nature and rustic scenes, brought an end to the reign of the symmetrical garden à la française. In many French parks and estates, the garden closest to the house was kept in the traditional à la française style, but the rest of the park was transformed into the new style, called variously "jardin a l'anglaise" (the English garden), "anglo-chinois", "exotiques", or "pittoresques". This marked the end of the age of the garden à la française and the arrival in France of the "Jardin Paysager", or landscape garden, which was inspired not by architecture but by painting, literature and philosophy.
Theorists and Gardeners.
Jacques Boyceau, sieur de la Barauderie (ca 1560–1633) the superintendent of royal gardens under Louis XIII, became the first theorist of the new French style. His book, "Traité du jardinage selon les raisons de la nature et de l'art. Ensemble divers desseins de parterres, pelouzes, bosquets et autres ornements" was published after his death in 1638. Its sixty-one engravings of designs for parterres and bosquets made it a style book for gardens, which influenced the design the Palais du Luxembourg, the Jardin des Tuileries, and the gardens of Saint Germain-en-Laye.
Claude Mollet (ca 1564-shortly before 1649), was the chief gardener of three French Kings; Henry IV, Louis XIII and the young Louis XIV. His father was head gardener at the château d'Anet, where Italian formal gardening was introduced to France and where Claude apprenticed, and his son was André Mollet, who took the French style to the Netherlands, Sweden and England.
André Le Nôtre (1613–1700) was the most important figure the history of the French garden The son of the gardener of Louis XIII, he worked on the plans of Vaux-le-Vicomte, before becoming the chief gardener of Louis XIV between 1645 and 1700, and the designer of the Gardens of Versailles, the greatest garden project of the age. The gardens he created became the symbols of French grandeur and rationality, setting the style for European gardens until the arrival of the English landscape park in the 18th century.
Joseph-Antoine Dezallier d'Argenville (1680–1765) wrote "Theorie et traite de jardinage", laid out the principles of the Garden à la francaise, and included drawings and designs of gardens and parterres. It was reprinted many times, and was found in the libraries of aristocrats across Europe.
Principles.
Jacques Boyceau de La Barauderie wrote in 1638 in his "Traite du jardinage selon les raisons de la nature et d'art" that "the principal reason for the existence of a garden is the esthetic pleasure which it gives to the spectator."
The form of the French garden was largely fixed by the middle of the 17th century. It had the following elements, which became typical of the formal French garden: 
Colors, Flowers and Trees.
Ornamental flowers were relatively rare in French gardens in the 17th century, and there was a limited range of colors; blue, pink, white and mauve. Brighter colors (yellow, red, orange) would not arrive until about 1730, because of botanical discoveries from around the world brought to Europe. Bulbs of tulips and other exotic flowers came from Turkey and the Netherlands.; An important ornamental feature in Versailles and other gardens was the topiary, a tree or bush carved into geometric or fantastic shapes, which were placed in rows along the main axes of the garden, alternating with statues and vases.
At Versailles flower beds were found only at the Grand Trianon and in parterres on the north side of the palace. Flowers were usually brought from Provence, kept in pots, and changed three or four times a year. Palace records from 1686 show that the Palace used 20,050 jonquil bulbs, 23000 cyclamen, and 1700 lily plants.
Most of the trees at Versailles were taken from the forest; they included hornbeam, elm, linden, and beech trees. There were also chestnut trees from Turkey and acacia trees. Large trees were dug up from the forests of Compiègne and Artois and transplanted to Versailles. Many died in transplanting and had to be regularly replaced. 
The trees in the park were trimmed both horizontally and flattened at the top, giving them the desired geometric form. Only in the 18th century were they allowed to grow freely.
Architecture.
The designers of the French garden saw their work as a branch of architecture, which simply extended the space of the building to the space outside the walls, and ordered nature according to the rules of geometry, optics and perspective. Gardens were designed like buildings, with a succession of rooms which a visitor could pass through following an established route, hallways, and vestibules with adjoining chambers. They used the language of architecture in their plans; the spaces were referred to as "salles", "chambres" and "théâtres" of greenery. The "walls" were composed of hedges, and "stairways" of water. On the ground were "tapis", or carpets, of grass, "brodés", or embroidered, with plants, and the trees were formed into "rideaux", or curtains, along the alleys. 
Just as architects installed systems of water into the chateux, they laid out elaborate hydraulic systems to supply the fountains and basins of the garden. Long basins full of water replaced mirrors, and the water from fountains replaced chandeliers. In the bosquet du Marais in the gardens of Versailles, André Le Nôtre placed tables of white and red marble for serving meals. The flowing water in the basins and fountains imitated water pouring into carafes and crystal glasses. The dominant role of architecture in the garden did not change until the 18th century, when the English garden arrived in Europe, and the inspiration for gardens began to come not from architecture but from romantic painting.
Theatre.
The Garden à la francaise was often used as a setting for plays, spectacles, concerts, and displays of fireworks. In 1664, Louis XIV celebrated a six-day festival in the gardens, with cavalcades, comedies, ballets, and fireworks. Gardens of Versailles included a theatre of water, decorated with fountains and statues of the infancy of the gods (destroyed between 1770 and 1780). Full-size ships were constructed for sailing on the Grand Canal, and the garden had an open-air ballroom, surrounded by trees; a water organ, a labyrinth, and a grotto.
Perspective.
The architects of the garden à la française did not stop at applying the rules of geometry and perspective to their work – in the first published treatises on gardens, in the 17th century, they devoted chapters to the subject of how to correct or improve perspective, usually to create the illusion of greater distance. This was often done by having alleys become narrower, or having rows of trees that converged, or were trimmed so that they became gradually shorter, as they went farther away from the center of the garden or from the house. This created the illusion that the perspective was longer and that the garden was larger than it actually was. 
Another trick used by French garden designers was the Ha-ha (fr: "saute-de loup"). This was a method used to conceal fences which crossed long alleys or perspectives. A deep and wide trench with vertical wall of stone on one side was dug wherever a fence crossed a view, or a fence was placed in bottom of the trench, so that it was invisible to the viewer. 
As gardens became more and more ambitious and elaborate through the 17th century, the garden no longer served as a decoration for the chateau; At Chantilly and at Saint-Germain, the chateau became a decorative element of the much larger garden. 
Technologies.
The appearance of the French garden in the 17th and 18th centuries was a result of the development of several new technologies. The first was géoplastie, the science of moving large amounts of earth. This science had several technological developments. This science had come from the military, following the introduction of cannon and modern siege warfare, when they were required to dig trenches and build walls and earth fortifications quickly. This led to the development of baskets for carrying earth on the back, wheelbarrows, carts and wagons. Andre LeNotre adapted these methods to build the level terraces, and to dig canals and basins on a grand scale.
A second development was in hydrology, bringing water to the gardens for the irrigation of the plants and for use in the many fountains. This development was not fully successful at Versailles, which was on a plateau; even with 221 pumps and a system of canals bringing water from the Seine, and the construction in 1681 of a huge pumping machine at Marly, there was still not enough water pressure for all the fountains of Versailles to be turned on at once. "Fontainiers" were placed along the routes of the King's promenades, and turned on the fountains at each site just before he arrived.
A related development took place in hydroplasie, the art and science of shaping water into different shapes as it came out the fountain. The shape of the water depended upon the force of the water and the shape of the nozzle. New forms created through this art were named "tulipe" (the tulip), "double gerbe" (the double sheaf), "Girandole"(centerpiece) "candélabre" (candelabra), and "corbeille" (bouquet), "La Boule en l'air" (Ball in the air), and "L'Evantail" (the fan). This art was closely associated with the fireworks of the time, which tried to achieve similar effects with fire instead of water. Both the fountains and fireworks were often accompanied by music, and were designed to show how nature (water and fire) could be shaped by the will of man.
Another important development was in horticulture, in the ability to raise plants from warmer climates in the northern European climate by protecting them inside buildings and bringing them outdoors in pots. The first orangerie were built in France in the 16th century following the introduction of the orange tree after the Italian Wars. The orangerie at Versailles has walls five meters thick, with a double wall that maintains temperatures in winter between 5 and 8 degrees celsius. Today it can shelter 1055 trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20878016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878016" title="MC-1 bomb">
MC-1 bomb

The MC-1 bomb was the first U.S. non-clustered air-dropped chemical munition. The MC-1 was first produced in 1959 and carried the nerve agent sarin.
History.
The MC-1 chemical bomb was first brought into regular mass-production in 1959. A modified general purpose demolition bomb, the MC-1 was the first non-clustered chemical munition in the U.S. arsenal. The MC-1 was designed to be delivered via U.S. Air Force aircraft. The MC-1 was never used against enemy targets.
Specifications.
The MC-1 was a munition. The weapon had a diameter of and a length of . The MC-1 was filled with about of sarin (GB) nerve agent. The MC-1 was designed to be air-dropped via the F-4 Phantom II and was unable to fit that aircraft's replacement, the F-16.
Demilitarization operations.
Umatilla Chemical Depot stored about 2,400 MC-1 bombs until the final one was demilitarized and destroyed on June 9, 2006. Another 3,047 MC-1s were stored at Johnston Atoll when demilitarization operations began there in 1990. Those weapons were destroyed during the ensuing decade and operations at Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System ended in 2000.
Test involving the MC-1.
Tests were conducted using the MC-1 from July-November 1971 at Dugway Proving Ground in Utah. The aim of these tests, which were part of Project 112, was twofold. One goal was to determine hazards associated with the accidental release or damage from hostile fire of the MC-1 during takeoff or landing. A second goal was to determine if leak suppressant and disposal procedures for damaged bombs were adequate. For the purpose of the tests the MC-1 was filled with water and a sarin simulant, di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). The bombs were dropped from an F-4 during the tests.

</doc>
<doc id="20878022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878022" title="Emergency medical services in Poland">
Emergency medical services in Poland

Emergency Medical Services (, RM) in Poland is a service of public pre-hospital emergency healthcare, including (but not limited to) ambulance service, provided by individual Polish cities and counties. These services are typically provided by the local, publicly operated hospital, and funded by the government of Poland. In a number of cases, the hospitals contract these services to private operators. In addition to publicly funded services, there are also a variety of private-for-profit ambulance services operating independently, as well.
Standards.
Operating system.
At the moment, the operating system of Polish EMS is similar of the Austrian- Franco-German-Spanish delivery model, and is physician-led and an Integrated EMS of Public Health (IEMS). Physicians (usually anaesthetists) respond to most emergency calls, and a great deal of definitive care and even simple physician consultation and discharge occur at the scene. These physicians are often referred to as Emergency Physicians. Emergency medicine has been recognized as a medical specialty since 1999. Due to shortage of specialists in emergency medicine, selected other medical specialists (anesthesiology and intensive care, internal diseases, general surgery, pediatrics, pediatric surgery, orthopaedics and traumatology) are allowed to work in the system until 2020. Unlike the German system, the physicians do not respond in separate vehicles, instead staffing the appropriate types of ambulances directly. Transportation to hospital may, or may not, be an outcome it depends of decision the MICU Physician . The variation occurs in that the physician may be supported by either paramedics or nurses, or some mix of the two roles. Each ambulance also has a dedicated Ambulance Technician who drives, with minimal medical training. As the system evolves, however, it will be changing. Paramedic-led ambulances will respond to most emergency calls, as in the Anglo-American model, with physicians being "sent" only to those calls where there is a potential critical threat to life.
Vehicles and equipment.
Poland has voluntarily adopted the majority of the specifications for ambulances of European Standard CEN 1789. Ambulances and equipment used do comply with the technical standards outlined. While design and technical standards are voluntarily complied with, there is virtually no compliance with the visual identity standards described in the Standard. There are also no immediate plans to do so. While plans are in place for the restructuring of some aspects of the EMS system, these are mostly related to staffing configurations and deployment, which are not covered by the technical Standard. It appears unlikely that the proposed changes will have any effect on Standard compliance.
Training.
Since 2006, the evolving legal standard of training for Polish paramedics is a three-year Bachelor's degree. As an option, those with substantial prior experience may proceed to a degree, following two years of additional study. This program is available in a number of Polish universities, and will completely replace the prior training standard, which consisted of an assortment of short courses. Short courses of various types continue to be offered, but these are now essentially the typical short courses found elsewhere in EMS, including Advanced Cardiac Life Support and Pediatric Advanced Life Support, among others.
System configuration.
Vehicles.
Land ambulance.
The vehicles of the Polish EMS system come in a wide variety of shapes and sizes. As a member of the European Union, Poland has decided to ratify most aspects of the requirements of European standard CEN 1789 for ambulances, as reflected in the Polish EN 1789 (Classes A-C) Standard. The visual identity requirements of the European standard for ambulances are not yet being followed.
The three major types of vehicle are:
In addition, the system also operates specialty ambulances which are equipped for and dedicated to neonatal transport (Type N), which are not used for any other purpose.
Air ambulance.
Polish Lotnicze Pogotowie Ratunkowe (LPR) currently operates about 18 helicopter air ambulances strategically located in large cities throughout Poland. In addition, fixed wing aircraft are used for longer distance transports. Many of the aircraft used continue to be of the old era of Soviet domination, however, this is gradually changing. The government of Poland placed an order for 23 new Eurocopter EC-135 aircraft in August 2008, with delivery expected in 2009–2010. From summer 2011 LPR use all 23 new EC-135. These will replace all of the old Soviet-era aircraft, and will bring Poland into full compliance with the existing European Standard JAR OPS-3 for air ambulances.
Equipment.
The basic required equipment of the Type R and Type W ambulances (and in the future the Type S and Type P ambulances) is as follows. This equipment is obligatory and represents minimal requirements:
Communications.
All ambulances in Poland are dispatched from centralized regional dispatch centers (Polish: "Centrum Powiadamiania Ratunkowego")(CPR). The traditional standardized emergency telephone number for ambulances in Poland in the POTS telephone system is 999. The standard European Emergency Number, 1-1-2 also works in Poland, including mobile systems, and is gradually replacing 999. Calls are then triaged by interview process, and the closest and most correct type of ambulance resource is sent to the call.
E112 is a location-enhanced version of 112. The telecom operator transmits the location information to the emergency centre. The EU Directive E112 (2003) requires mobile phone networks to provide emergency services with whatever information they have about the location a mobile call was made. This directive is based on the American Federal Communications Commission's Enhanced 911 ruling in 2001.
System changes.
Previous systems.
In Poland, there were two types of emergency ambulances, type R (now S), and type W (P), which are staffed as follows:
Current system.
The government of Poland has mandated significant changes within the EMS system. These will include more paramedic-led ambulances and less physician-led ambulances. In the proposed system Polish paramedics will perform ALS skills without a physician present. These changes are proposed to occur in 2010, with the acquisition of some 600 new ambulances by the Polish government; the result of industrial action by Polish paramedics. Patient transport ambulances (Type T) and neonatal transport ambulances (Type N) will remain in their current configurations. The new types of ambulances and staffing patterns will be as follows:
Primary Health Care and non-emergency medical transport.
In Poland Ambulances are also Used for Non Emergency transport. The following includes.

</doc>
<doc id="20878027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878027" title="Matrikkelutkastet av 1950">
Matrikkelutkastet av 1950

The Land Register Draft of 1950 ("Matrikkelutkastet av 1950") is a listing containing rural real estate within Norway. Matrikkelutkastet does not contain data for municipalities but rather contains listings of Norwegian main farms ("matrikkelgårder"). The farms are sorted by county and municipality or township. Because Matrikkelutkastet contains the names of owners, the archive also can be useful for the individual and family researchers. 
The Norwegian Finance Department compiled approximately 85,000 lists of rural real estate in Norway, organized by consecutive, increasing official farm number ("gårdsnummer") within each municipality. The database forms a part of the digital Norwegian National Archives. The entire catalogue has been converted by the National Documentation Project of Norway into an electronic text with SGML mark up. The transfer from the manual to the electronic system was completed in 1993. The database is in the Norwegian language. 
The land register formed a part of the Norwegian State Name Consultancy Service effort to standardize place names throughout Norway. Responsible for this project section rested with the Department of Scandinavian Studies and Comparative Literature University of Oslo. Matrikkelutkastet av 1950 was never completed, lacking information from the county of Finnmark, which is reason it is referred to as a draft. 

</doc>
<doc id="20878029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878029" title="Filipino Canadian Autism Parent Support Group">
Filipino Canadian Autism Parent Support Group

Filipino Canadian Autism Parent Support Group is a 100% volunteer-driven, family-oriented support group organized to let "families help other families deals with autism". The group was conceived when three Filipino parents met at the 1996 International Convention on Autism in Toronto and has since developed ties with other autism-related organizations in the world. 
Services.
FCAPSG has provided member families different activities and opportunities that allow children to develop skills. FCAPSG has also dealt with issues relative to immigration and settlement. 
FCAPSG also has a choir group. It aims to provide musical educational opportunities by being able to perform at various functions. It focuses on the musical abilities of these children rather than their disabilities. The biggest success of the choir is the level of self-esteem among the choir members. It has elevated over the years for the obvious reasons that the choir has given them a sense of belonging and accomplishment. 
Recently, the Filipino-Canadian Autism Parent Support Group received approval for Ontario Trillium Foundation funding to assist the group in its development of a choir involving the children with Autism and their siblings as well as outreach support to additional families with children with Autism, particularly families who are new to Canada. The Trillium proposal was submitted with Kerry's Place Autism Services in a partner role to assist in the funding flow through for the group.

</doc>
<doc id="20878036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878036" title="Aston Villa Hardcore">
Aston Villa Hardcore

Aston Villa Hardcore (often shortened to Villa Hardcore or known as Villa Youth when referring to the younger element of the group) is a football hooligan firm associated with the Premier League club Aston Villa, based in Birmingham, England.
Background.
The firm have been active since 1993, following on from previous Aston Villa hooligan firms the Steamers, C-Crew and Villa Youth. The Hardcore have been involved in some high-profile hooligan fights in Europe, while following Villa and England. The firm still exists today, but, like all hooligan firms, they have been marginalised. The Hardcore have clashed a number of times with the Birmingham Zulus, associated with Aston Villa's fiercest rivals Birmingham City.
Fifteen people were arrested in October 2002 in a series of dawn raids in connection with serious disorders committed in the Rocky Lane area of Aston before the game between Aston Villa and Birmingham City in September 2002, in what was described as the "Battle of Rocky Lane". In 2004, Steven Fowler, a Category C hooligan and member of Villa Hardcore, was jailed for six months for his part in the fight in 2002. In 2005 he received a twelve-month jail sentence and was banned from attending football matches for ten years, for his part in an organised brawl between the Villa Hardcore and Chelsea Headhunters at King's Cross in London on 27 March 2004, while five other Villa fans were also jailed. Fowler was jailed again in 2006 when he and 57 other people were found guilty of their involvement in a riot at a Handsworth pub on 22 August 2004 - the same day as Villa's Premier League clash with local rivals West Bromwich Albion.
In November 2006, a planned launch of the book "Villains" about the various Aston Villa hooligan firms, which included details of clashes with the Birmingham Zulus, which was due to be held at Sensations Club in the Balsall Heath area of Birmingham, had to be cancelled due to threats that the Zulus would turn up and cause trouble at the event. The Zulus were said to have taken exception to the launch of the book and the presence of rivals on what they considered "their territory".
In October 2008, Fowler, along with Michael Lutwyche released a book entitled "Hardcore" about the firm.
A younger wing of the firm has recently emerged under the banner "Hardcore Youth" with two members of the firm being banned in January 2010 from attending Aston Villa matches, being in the vicinity of Villa Park on match-days, and, when Villa are playing away from home, using trains to travel the country and from entering the relevant town-centre. The pair were branded as "ring-leaders" by police and also were made to pay a fine of £500 each in court.Also later on in the year another known Villa youth hooligan was handed a 3-year banning order at Warwick Crown Court whilst being held on remand after serving a 12-month prison sentence. He was handed the banning order after troubled flared outside Birmingham City's ground in 2009 after Villa won the game 1-2 with Gabriel Agbonlahor scoring a late winner. Police statistics claim that after the 3 leaders of the Youth faction of the Hardcore were all banned reports of violence and potential organised clashes fell by 75%.
In October and December 2010, Aston Villa played Birmingham City, at Villa Park (Premier League, 31 October) and St Andrew's (League Cup, 1 December) and in both games violence between the two sets of supporters and hooligan firms occurred, with many fans being arrested. In the first game, there were scenes of violence outside Villa Park, with Villa fans throwing a flare into Birmingham fans leaving Villa Park, there were a small amount of arrests including a Birmingham City club chef. In the second of the two games, after Birmingham had beaten Villa 2-1, Birmingham supporters invaded the pitch and confronted the visiting Villa fans. In retaliation, Villa fans ripped out seats and hurled them into the Birmingham supporters. Further, a flare was thrown from the Villa fans section into the Birmingham fans on the pitch. Villa fans have since been convicted following being picked out on CCTV after the game for offences, including the attack by Villa hooligans on a pub near St. Andrews frequented by Birmingham City supporters. There were also flash points before and after the game, the events were described as a "warzone" by a supporter who attended the game. As a result of these incidents, Birmingham City Council along with West Midlands Police decided to restrict Villa's ticket allocation for the return Premier League game at St. Andrews in January 2011.
On 13 August 2011, the Birmingham Mail published an appeal for information after several Villa fans seriously vandalised a train taking Villa supporters to Birmingham New Street after Villa's friendly match away against Derby County on 3 August. The destruction included tray tables being ripped from the backs of seats, seat coverings being damaged and lights being smashed. The damage meant the train had to be taken out of service for 24 hours for repairs.
On 30 October 2012, three Villa fans were arrested for violent disorder after a local derby with West Bromwich Albion at Villa Park which finished in a 1-1 draw. Fireworks were thrown at Albion supporters and a fourth Villa fan was arrested inside the stadium for throwing coins into the Albion fans.
On 8 January 2013, known Villa hooligans were involved in scuffles with the police and rival supporters in and around The Queen pub in Bradford city centre before Villa's League Cup semi-final first leg against Bradford City in which one Bradford fan claims he was headbutted by a Villa supporter.
On 28 August 2013, a group of Villa fans clashed with supporters of Rotherham United at Birmingham New Street station after the two teams met in the second round of the League Cup at Villa Park.
On 25 November 2013, several Villa fans were arrested after clashes with rival fans of West Bromwich Albion at the Rose Villa Tavern in the Jewellery Quarter area of Birmingham before the two sides met in the Premier League at The Hawthorns.
On 28 December 2013, during a match between Villa and Swansea City at Villa Park in the Premier League, three Villa hooligans were arrested by West Midlands Police after organised violence broke out between Villa and Swansea supporters near to the stadium. The violence was reported to have been similar to a scene from the film The Football Factory and at least 25 people were involved. One onlooker said her children were traumatised after seeing rival fans fight with bottles and sticks.
In popular culture.
On Sunday 10 April 2011, an episode of Police Academy UK, a TV show aired on BBC Three, which documents 4 overseas police officers introduction to British crime and policing, was set in Birmingham and covered the violence that occurred at the game between Birmingham City and Aston Villa on 1 December 2010.
In April 2011, a DVD was released with the title "Aston Villa Hardcore Lads", the 70 minute long DVD shows footage of the Hardcore involved in violence with rival hooligan firms, for example fans of Oxford United, West Bromwich Albion and various clashes with fans of Birmingham City. The DVD also includes pictures of Aston Villa hooligans and sections where Villa's rivals are ridiculed.

</doc>
<doc id="20878044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878044" title="LNER Class J64">
LNER Class J64

The LNER Class J64 was a class of three 0-6-0T steam locomotives of the London and North Eastern Railway.
They were built by Hudswell Clarke for the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway and were acquired by the LNER when it took over the Mid-Suffolk in 1924. Number 3 was withdrawn immediately and never received an LNER number. Nos. 1 and 2 were renumbered as LNER 8316 and 8317 respectively.
Dimensions.
The dimensions for Nos. 1 and 2 are shown in the infobox (right). Dimensions for No. 3 are not known but it is believed to have been similar to No. 1, except that the cylinder bore was 14 inches. 
Withdrawal.
Withdrawal dates were:
None of the locomotives is preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20878052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878052" title="Death knight">
Death knight

A death knight is a type of fictional creature that appears in a number of role playing games. First seen in "Dungeons & Dragons", it has since been used in a number of other games.

</doc>
<doc id="20878065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878065" title="Lau Kong">
Lau Kong

Lau Kong (劉江) is a Hong Kong actor who works on the network TVB.
Biography.
Little is known of Lau's private life, but he has been acting since 1976, when he first joined the now defunct network Commercial Television, he later joined RTV (now ATV, Lau would be an actor there from 1979-1982. From 1982 onwards, Lau has been serving as veteran actor there, portraying various types of roles, (mostly as a patriarch, and many TVB actors and actresses have been his "son" or "daughter“, and there are very few actors in TVB that have never worked with him.

</doc>
<doc id="20878070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878070" title="Alien Siege">
Alien Siege

Alien Siege is a 2005 Sci-Fi Channel Original Movie about an alien race that comes to Earth seeking a cure to a deadly virus, for which the antidote is human blood.
Plot.
An alien species called the Kulku demand that eight million human beings be handed over to them to produce a cure for the virus that is killing them. In return, the Kuklu promise not to wipe out the planet and take what they want. While other countries empty their prisons to try to meet their quotas, the United States holds a lottery. One of the 8 million humans selected is Dr. Stephen Chase's daughter, Heather. Dr. Chase tries to interfere with the Kulku's plan by joining the human resistance and killing as many of the Kulku as possible. The resistance has some success using a weapon he designs, but Heather is captured and taken to the Kulku mothership in orbit where they discover that just a little bit of her blood (rather than the entirety of it as with other human beings) is enough to cure one Kulku. Jal, the Kulku ambassador, prepares to send her to Kulku. He plans to destroy the Earth with the Kulku's "Raeg" weapon, which will allow her to travel to the Kulku homeworld alive. Meanwhile, after the Kulku start just harvesting humans, Army forces under General Skylar, formerly an enemy to the resistance despite being sympathetic, join forces with the resistance to stop the Kulku. Using an observatory's telescope as a modified version of Chase's weapon, the resistance prepares to use the weapon to destroy the Raeg and save the Earth, but a traitor reveals their plans to Kor, a Kulku sympathetic to humanity's plight, but unwilling to sacrifice his own race. Kor lands a strike team at the observatory to stop the resistance and Chase uses the opportunity to board Kor's ship and force him to fly him to the Kulku mothership to rescue Heather. There, they discover that Jal has slaughtered the other Kulku and plans to return to the Kulku homeworld a hero with Heather. Jal mortally wounds Kor and battles Chase after he frees Heather. Thanks to a distraction by Heather, Chase gains the upper hand and kills Jal, but they are confronted by a dying Kor who tries to detonate the Raeg in order to save his own species. At the observatory all but two of the Kulku and one of the resistance, Blair are killed. The weapon is finally ready to be fired, but the two remaining Kulku nearly kill Blair before General Skylar and his men show up and finish them off, allowing Blair to fire the weapon and destroy the Raeg at the last moment. Kor's wound finally catches up to him and he collapses and Heather finish him off in revenge for what the Kulku did to the people of Earth. Chase manages to fly a Kulku shuttle back to the observatory where the two reunite with Blair and General Skylar. A newsbroadcast at the end reveals that nearly eight million people died as a result of the Kulku invasion and the world is now left to recover while the Kulku presumably die out of the virus on their homeworld.
Reception.
A DVD Verdict review says, "Alien Siege isn't horrible and plays with some interesting ideas but my interest wavered throughout. It's one of the better SciFi originals, but that's not saying much." A Geeks of Doom review says, "Shamelessly ripping off "V: The Final Battle" and "Independence Day", and that is just for starters, Robert Stadd’s made-for-television movie is a thoroughly enjoyable slice of sci-fi pie that knows exactly the demographic it is aiming for (if you perked up a little with the V name-drop, congratulations, you are the target) and hits the bull’s eye pretty much dead center." A DVD Pub review says, "So there’s some good ideas being volleyed around in "ALIEN SIEGE", but after a while the movie just does the typical save-my-daughter-and-save-the-world thing."

</doc>
<doc id="20878092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878092" title="Jaime Valle Méndez">
Jaime Valle Méndez

Jaime Valle-Mendez was President of the Autonomous University of San Luis Potosi (UASLP) during the 1995-2004 term. 
At UASLP, he began his academic career, becoming a full-time professor in 1962 at the School of Engineering. He was Chair of the Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Program (1968–69), Dean of the School of Engineering (1984–1988), and Provost of the University (1988–1994). 
Valle has been actively involved in linkages with the business sector, as Director of CYPESA, member of the Board of Directors in the Manufacturing Industry Chamber of San Luis Potosi and Vice President of the organization. Valle holds a bachelor's degree in engineering from the UASLP, and a specialty in business administration from the Université de Paris. He has pursued graduate studies in business administration at the UASLP. 
After his retirement as President, Valle continues teaching at the School of Engineering, and collaborates as consultant with universities and the government.

</doc>
<doc id="20878109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878109" title="Aminopolycarboxylic acid">
Aminopolycarboxylic acid

An aminopolycarboxylic acid (complexone) is a compound containing one or more nitrogen atoms connected through carbon atoms to two or more carboxyl groups. Aminopolycarboxylates that have lost acidic protons (ionised), form strong complexes with metal ions. This property makes aminopolycarboxylic acids useful in a wide variety of chemical, medical, and environmental applications.
Structure.
The parent of this family of ligands is the amino acid glycine, H2NCH2CO2H, in which the amino group, NH2,is separated from the carboxyl group, CO2H by a single methylene group, CH2. When the carboxyl group is deprotonated the glycinate ion can function as a bidentate ligand, binding the metal centre through the nitrogen and one of two carboxylate oxygen atoms, to form chelate complexes of metal ions. 
Replacement of a hydrogen atom on the nitrogen of glycine by another acetate residue, –CH2CO2H gives iminodiacetic acid, IDA, which is a tridentate ligand. Further substitution gives nitrilotriacetic acid, NTA, which is a tetradentate ligand. These compounds can be described as aminopolycarboxylates. Related ligands can be derived from other amino acids other than glycine, notably aspartic acid.
Higher denticity is achieved by linking two or more glycinate or IDA units together. EDTA contains two IDA units with the nitrogen atoms linked by two methylene groups and is hexadentate. DTPA has two CH2CH2 bridges linking three nitrogen atoms and is octadentate. TTHA has ten potential donor atoms.
Applications.
The chelating properties of aminopolycarboxylates can be engineered by varying the groups linking the nitrogen atoms so as to increase selectivity for a particular metal ion. The number of carbon atoms between the nitrogen and carboxyl group can also be varied and substituents can be placed on these carbon atoms. Altogether this allows for a vast range of possibilities. Fura-2 is noteworthy as it combines two functionalities: it has high selectivity for calcium over magnesium and it has a substituent which makes the complex fluorescent when it binds calcium. This reagent provides a means of determining the calcium content in intra-cellular fluid. Details concerning applications of the following examples can be found in the individual articles and/or reference. The aminopolycarboxylate nicotianamine is widespread in plants, where it is used to transport iron.

</doc>
<doc id="20878115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878115" title="Kamnica, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Kamnica, Dol pri Ljubljani

Kamnica is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlet of Sveta Helena ().
History.
In the past, Kamnica was known for black slate, which was mined here and used for slate roofing. It was also known for millstones.
Žerjav Castle.
Žerjav Castle is a 16th-century manor. It was built in 1580 by Lenart Frumentin, a priest in the Teutonic Knights. There is a stone plaque with a crest above the manor entrance. Next to the stall belonging to the castle is a well with an inscription stating that it was installed in 1591. Ownership of the manor was later assumed by the Austrian Empire, which in turn deeded it to the Račič family for its services during its war against the Republic of Venice. The castle was nationalized after the Second World War. A tree-lined avenue formerly stood along the route from Dolsko to the manor, with heritage cultivars of pears on the right and apples on the left. It was cut down in the 1950s. The avenue was replanted with linden trees in 2012.
Church.
The local church stands next to Žerjav Castle and is dedicated to Saint Helena. The church was first mentioned in written sources in 1495, and the first church at the site was built by the owners of Žerjav Castle. Tradition states that it was dedicated to Saint Helena by the lady of the castle, who was named Helena. The original church was razed in the late 18th century, and the new structure was built between 1794 and 1797. The main altar features a painting of Saint Helena by Ivan Grohar. The side altars have paintings by Marko Layer (1727–1808) and Henrika Langus (1836–1876), and there is a painting of the Holy Sepulcher by Matija Koželj. An old painting of the Virgin Mary by an unknown artist hangs in the sacristy. Kamnica was elevated to a parish in 1875.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Kamnica include:

</doc>
<doc id="20878123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878123" title="Dongguan Mosque">
Dongguan Mosque

Dongguan Mosque (), is a mosque in Xining, Qinghai province, China. 
History.
Restored recently, it was built in the 14th century and has colorful white arches along the outside of the wide building. It has a green and white dome and two tall minarets.
Generals Ma Qi and Ma Bufang controlled the Great Dongguan Mosque when they were military governors of Qinghai.

</doc>
<doc id="20878127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878127" title="John Walsingham Cooke Meredith">
John Walsingham Cooke Meredith

John Walsingham Cooke Meredith (1809–1881), J.P., an Irish-Canadian office holder and businessman, best remembered as the father of the "Eight London Merediths". He previously practised as a barrister and was a member of the first Eccentric Club in London.
Background.
Born at Dublin, May 9, 1809, he was the eldest surviving son of John Meredith (1784–1866), an Anglo-Irish lawyer who divided his time between his work in Dublin and his country home, Fair View, near Avoca, County Wicklow. The subject's father, a brother of the Rev. Thomas Meredith, was described as 'a jolly looking, grey haired, hook nosed old gentleman... His good humoured face beaming with kindness'. Meredith's mother, Magdalene (1785–1851), was the eldest daughter of John Redmond (1737–1819) J.P., of Newtown House, Co. Wexford and Charlemont Street, Dublin, by his wife, Anne (1743–1821), daughter and co-heiress of John Walsingham Cooke of Cookestown (otherwise Sleanagrane), County Wexford. His father's family were Protestant settlers who came to Ireland in the mid 17th century, while his mother's family were of established old Irish stock, she being a descendant of the ancient Catholic family of Redmond Hall (nb. Loftus Hall) and after its confiscation, Killygowan, Co. Wexford.
On his mother's side he counted amongst his cousins John Edward Redmond (1806-1865) M.P., the first of a famous Irish political dynasty, and John Henry O'Byrne Redmond (1825–1866) of Killoughter, County Wicklow, Count of the Papal States & Chamberlain to Pope Pius IX. On his father's side his cousins included Sir James Creed Meredith, Sir William Collis Meredith and Edmund Allen Meredith. With the last two named, they headed three of the four branches of this notable family in Canada.
Dublin and London.
From 1819 to 1823, Meredith was educated at 'Hamilton's school' before attending Dr Behan's (or Behane's) with other members of his family in Co. Wexford. On November 7, 1825, he entered Trinity College, Dublin, coming 13th in the entry examinations out of 109 candidates. In 1828, he was admitted to King's Inns, Dublin. He graduated with a B.A. in 1830 and spent that summer in London.
Returning to London the following year (1831), he was admitted as a barrister to Gray's Inn and became a member of the first Eccentric Club at May's Buildings on St. Martin's Lane. A few weeks after taking up lodgings in Soho, Meredith was brought before the Old Bailey as a witness to a robbery that took place there. The accused, a young servant by the name of Ann Hyde, attempted to implicate the new lodger - Meredith - as the thief of several rubies and emeralds. A constable was sent for him and his rooms and person were searched but nothing was found. Still insistent of Meredith's guilt, Miss Hyde then tried to place a ruby in Meredith's sitting room but was thwarted in her attempt to frame him by the landlord and brought to court. She was found guilty, but the jury spared her from the death penalty due to her landlord having not taken enough care to lock his valuables away.
Marriage.
On July 3, 1831, a couple of months after his unpleasant appearance at the Old Bailey, Meredith sailed back to Dublin. Two weeks later (July 16), one of their children recorded that 'my father and mother sailed for Liverpool' from Dublin, but this seems unlikely as they were not yet married and Sarah would only have been twelve or thirteen years old. Liverpool then being a popular port for those choosing to emigrate to North America, it is possible that Meredith sailed to Canada from there, but his biographers state the year of his arrival to be 1834.
His wife's family, the Peglers, came to Canada separately from Meredith and farmed across the river from him in Westminster Township, Ontario. On December 1, 1835, one year after what is generally supposed to be his arrival in Canada, John Meredith married Sarah Pegler (1819–1900), a few months after she had turned sixteen.
Sarah was the daughter of Anthony Pegler (1792–1871) and Harris (1792–1873). Both her parents lived at King's Stanley, near Stroud, Gloucestershire, where the Pegler name has been found in great numbers since at least the mid sixteenth century. Her father was a farmer and butcher, and it is presumed that he was also the same Anthony Pegler of King's Stanley found in the Gloucestershire gaol register who was one of four Peglers sentenced together in 1830, though the only one not to be deported to Australia. Going by the Gloucestershire Public Records, it would seem that both Sarah's parents died in England, rather than in Canada. The Anthony Pegler with whom she lived in Canada is thought to have been Sarah's elder brother, and it is most likely that he emigrated there taking Sarah with him after their father was placed in gaol in 1830. On a visit to his cousin in 1861, the diarist Edmund Allen Meredith recorded,
"Bye the bye I should say that I formed a more favourable idea than I had before done of my cousin-in-law Mrs Meredith and of her eldest daughter - Mrs M., although not elegant appears sensible and a woman of some character. Annie also seems an amiable girl. Isabel was, I was told, enjoying herself very much in Ireland, and Uncle John had quite recovered from the effects of the over physicking he went through at London (England)"
Canada.
According to the "London Free Press" Meredith came to Canada 'seized with the wander-spirit of youth to seek his fortune farming'. Two of his first cousins, William Collis Meredith and Henry Howard Meredith (1815–1892), were then starting their legal careers in Montreal (though Henry soon after moved to Port Hope, Ontario where he rapidly became a successful land developer), but he passed them by and carried on out west. He stopped at the township of Westminster in Upper Canada, eight miles from London, Ontario, where he bought a bush farm and settled down to commence his new life.
Farming did not prove to be as profitable as he had hoped, and as such soon afterwards Meredith moved the eight miles into London itself and turned his hand to business. He carefully bought land before selling it on for a profit, as well as loaning money and offering insurances to new and old settlers alike. He bought and rented out buildings on London's principal street, Dundas Street, and when the much desired position of deputy collector of customs at Port Stanley, Ontario was offered to him he readily accepted it. He also served as market clerk at London, Justice of the Peace, and finally clerk of the Division Court, a position he held until his death.
In 1846, Meredith built a substantial home for himself and his family at 565 Talbot Street, on the corner of Wellington Street and facing Victoria Park, which remained in his family for just under one hundred years before it was demolished to make way for the Centennial Hall. The Meredith family home was described as being 'rich in cultural elements'. An article on Meredith's sons appeared in the June, 1913, edition of MacLean's magazine, which gives an account of John Meredith,
"The father (JWCM), while far from being parsimonious, was a man who understood the value of money and was exceedingly careful in handling it. He lived simply, spent next to nothing on entertainment, joined no societies, and kept his nose steadily to the grindstone. When he had gathered together a little capital by the exercise of frugality, it was not difficult for him to make it grow like the proverbial snowball. In the fifties, sixties and seventies, what seems today an excessive rate of interest was commonly charged on loans and Mr Meredith was not slow to collect his twenty-five per cent on the money he advanced. He made large profits on land sold for taxes, which he bought cheap, held and disposed of later on. When he died it was reported that an estate valued at nearly a quarter of a million dollars was divided among his children."
The Eight London Merediths.
John and Sarah's daughters were said to be 'remarkable for their beauty', but all four of them died unmarried. One son, Albert Allen Meredith (1858–1863), died at a young age, but the others grew up to be collectively remembered as the "Eight London Merediths", remarkable for the success they individually earned in legal, official and financial roles in London, Ontario; Toronto and Montreal. 
The youngest son, Llewellyn Meredith (1860–1933) J.P., of London, Ontario, was of a more retiring disposition than his seven elder brothers, but no less distinguished in his own field. He continued his father's successful business in loans and insurance, and like him also became a Justice of the Peace. He imported horses from England and Ireland (one of his first cousins there was married to a niece of the famous Irish trainer Henry Eyre Linde J.P., of Eyrefield Lodge, on the Curragh, who Llewellyn had known well) and bred them on his farm 'Ardaven', outside of London. He achieved international acclaim as a judge of thoroughbreds and twice represented Canada at the Olympia Horse Show in London, England. He was also a trustee of the Victoria Hospital, London, Ontario.
Law
Four of the eight sons had careers in law, and all four of them not only took silk, but were all offered elevation to the Bench. Two of them - Sir William Ralph Meredith and Richard Martin Meredith - went on to become chief justices for the province of Ontario. The other two - Edmund Meredith (1845–1921) and Thomas Graves Meredith - remained as Queen's Counsel's, the latter serving as City solicitor for London, Ontario. Chief Justice Sir William Collis Meredith of Quebec (father of the prominent Montreal lawyer, Frederick Edmund Meredith), was a first cousin of the brothers' father.
Another of their father's first cousins, Sir James Creed Meredith of Dublin, was the father of Judge James Creed Meredith. Their uncle, William Rice Meredith (1814–1888), was President of the Law Society of Ireland, and his sons (their first cousins) included: Richard Edmund Meredith, Master of the Rolls in Ireland; Llewellyn Meredith, a judge in New Zealand; and Frederick Walsingham Meredith (1859–1924), also President of the Law Society of Ireland and the father of Sir Herbert Ribton Meredith, Chief Justice of the Patna High Court. 
Finance
The remaining three brothers entered the financial world, the most prominent of whom was Sir Vincent Meredith, President of the Bank of Montreal. John Stanley Meredith (1843–1920) was the number two in command (General Manager) at Canada's second largest Commercial bank, Sir Hugh Allans Merchant's Bank of Canada. The third brother directly involved in finance was Charles Meredith, President of the Montreal Stock Exchange. Another brother, Thomas Graves Meredith, though a lawyer, was also President of Canada Life Assurance. The brother's cousins, Frederick Edmund Meredith and his elder brother, William, both served as directors of the Bank of Montreal. In Ireland, their father's uncles, Walter and John Redmond (1770–1822), founded Redmond's Bank in Wexford which was described as "one of the very few provincial private banks that attained a conspicuous position, had a long and successful career, and ceased, leaving a sweet savour of solvency and honourable dealing".
Education
Richard Martin Meredith was a founder, Chancellor and the first chairman of the board of governors for the University of Western Ontario, where he endorsed the R.M. Meredith Society. Sir William Ralph Meredith was Chancellor of the University of Toronto and Sir Vincent Meredith was a Governor of McGill University. Their father's first cousin, Edmund Allen Meredith, was the 3rd Principal of McGill University in the 1840s, and a nephew of the 29th Provost of Trinity College, Dublin, Richard MacDonnell. Their cousin, Frederick Edmund Meredith, was Chancellor of Bishop's University, and his son, William Campbell James Meredith, was Dean of the Faculty of Law at McGill University. 
Politics
Unlike their father's first cousin John Edward Redmond (1806–1865) and his family, in politics the London Merediths, as a group, did not feature as prominently. Sir William Ralph Meredith was a Member of Parliament and leader of the Ontario Conservative Party. He was honorably retired after a series of electoral defeats, but later declined the invitation of Prime Minister Sir Charles Tupper to join his Cabinet. Edmund Meredith (1845–1921) was both an Alderman and Mayor of London, Ontario, but as a conservative he unsuccessfully contested for the seat of North Middlesex, Ontario. The Meredith family as a whole had a general distaste of politics and though many were encouraged to enter the political world, except for the two already mentioned, the rest declined. 
Legacy
Only five of the eight Meredith brothers married. Adding to the family's wealth and influence in Canadian society, Sir Vincent Meredith married a daughter of Andrew Allan, Chairman of the Allan Line and the Merchant's Bank etc. Charles Meredith married a daughter of Richard B. Angus, co-founder of the Canadian Pacific Railway and President of the Bank of Montreal etc., and Thomas Graves Meredith married a daughter of The Hon. Sir John Carling P.C., President of the Carling Brewery etc. But, of the five brothers who married, only three of them had children, and within only one generation of the eight brothers, all of the male descendants of this family were dead. In 1916, Sir Vincent Meredith had been created the 1st Baronet of Montreal for his wartime services to Canada, but as one of the five who died without children this title became extinct on his death. The remarkable family of John Walsingham Cooke Meredith is survived today through the female descendants of Sir William Ralph Meredith.
Memorials.
John Meredith bore an unmistakable resemblance to his mother's family, most notably seen in his cousin's grandson, John Redmond. On May 24, 1881, he died along with nearly two hundred others in the disaster that struck the Victoria steam-boat at London, Ontario. His son, Richard Martin Meredith, presented a chime of eleven church bells along with the tower clock to St. Paul's Cathedral (London, Ontario) in memory of his parents. The bells were cast in conjunction with the clock by Messrs Gillett & Johnston of Croydon, Surrey, and were first rung on Christmas Day, 1901. The inscription on the bells reads, "In memory of John Walsingham Cooke Meredith, born 9 May 1809, died 24 May 1881; and Sarah, his wife, born 4 July 1819, died 12 September 1900". 
Along with most of his family, John and his wife were buried at the Meredith Monument at Woodlands Cemetery in London, Ontario, the plot being marked by a tall celtic cross. There are also four memorial windows to the Merediths designed by Louis Comfort Tiffany in St. Paul's which feature the names of all of Meredith's family, donated by another son, Sir Vincent Meredith, and his wife. 
One of the buildings at the Victoria Hospital, London, Ontario, is dedicated to his eldest daughter, Isabella Magdalene Meredith (1841–1907), and Meredith Avenue, also in London, is named after his sixth son, Thomas Graves Meredith. In Montreal, Charles Meredith House now serves as part of McGill University, named for his seventh son, and similarly, Lady Meredith House is named for the wife of his fifth son, Sir Vincent Meredith. The family is also remembered through a number of trophies, cups, scholarships and endowments donated by them.

</doc>
<doc id="20878130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878130" title="Fritz Otto Bernert">
Fritz Otto Bernert

"Oberleutnant" Fritz Otto Bernert (6 March 1893 – 18 October 1918) was a leading German fighter ace of World War I. He scored 27 victories despite being essentially one-armed.
Early life and infantry service.
Fritz Otto Bernert was the son of a "Bürgermeister" (mayor). He was born in Ratibor, Silesia, which now is Racibórz, Poland. At the time of his birth, Ratibor was German and part of the Kingdom of Prussia.
Bernert was commissioned into the 173rd Infantry Regiment in 1912. He was serving with them when World War I began. He was wounded in ground combat in both November and December 1914; his fourth wound, inflicted by a bayonet, severed the major nerve in his left arm. Upon recovery, it became apparent his left arm was essentially useless, and he was invalided out of the infantry.
Aerial service.
"Otto" Bernert then applied to the "Luftstreitkräfte" and trained to be an aerial observer. Upon graduation, he flew reconnaissance missions for "Feldflieger Abteilung" 27 from February through July 1915. He then transferred to FFA 71, where he served through November. He then applied for pilot's training; he hid his disability successfully and was accepted. The fact that he wore glasses also did not bar him from service.
He transferred to "Kampfeinsitzerkommando" Metz, a temporary grouping of pilots mostly from FFA 71, for his initial assignment to a fighter unit. By March, 1916, he had his pilot's license and was assigned to KEK Vaux. On 17 April 1916, he scored his first victory while flying a Fokker Eindecker, over a Nieuport fighter.
Because KEK Vaux was an ad hoc fighter unit, it was equipped with Halberstadt D.II planes and reorganized into a full-fledged Prussian fighter squadron. It became "Jagdstaffel" 4 on 25 August 1916. On 6 September, Bernert scored the new squadron's first victory. He became an ace on 9 November 1916, scoring his fifth, sixth, and seventh triumphs.
On 1 March 1917, he was transferred to "Jagdstaffel" 2. This squadron was named in honor of Oswald Boelcke, the founder of fighter aviation tactics and strategy, and was considered the premier unit of the German Air Service. Bernert scored his first victory in this unit on 19 March; on 1 April, he achieved the status of double ace with his tenth win.
He scored 14 more times in April, including a record five victories on 24 April, all in a twenty minute span, to run his total to 24. He was awarded the "Pour le Merite" on 24 April.
On 1 May, Bernert was appointed to command "Jagdstaffel" 6. His final three victories came in May, with an unconfirmed 28th on 19 May. In mid-May, Bernert crashlanded behind German lines after his engine quit in mid-combat. A few days later, he landed long, ran out of airfield, and crashed next to his home aerodrome, breaking his jaw and bruising himself severely. Although unable to fly, Bernert did not give up his command. However, he did host some pilots from Austria-Hungary.
On 9 June 1917, Bernert was transferred back to "Jasta" 2, and would command it to the end of his flying career. The previous commanding officer had scored no victories to inspire his pilots; as it turned out, because of his injuries, Bernert could do no better.
However, he once again hosted several pilots from Austro-Hungary during his tenure, and thus influenced the fighter tactics of Germany's allies. He also took some leave during June and July.
Bernert was severely wounded again on 18 August 1917. This wound removed him from command and kept him in the hospital for three months. It took him off flight status. He was promoted to "Oberleutnant" upon release from the hospital, and was transferred to Berlin as Inspector of Air.
He died of the Spanish flu in his home town on 18 October 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20878131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878131" title="Franz Albert Schultz">
Franz Albert Schultz

Franz Albert Schultz (1692–1763) was a Prussian divine and superintendent.
He was born 25 September 1692 in Neustettin (Szczecinek). He studied at the University of Halle-Wittenberg philosophy under Christian Wolff and divinity. At this time he followed August Hermann Francke's pietism. In 1723, having declined becoming a professor, he became educator at the Berlin Cadet Corps and in 1724 field preacher in Mohrungen. In 1728 he became Archpriest and Superintendent in Rastenburg, 1731 professor of divinity at the University of Königsberg. Immanuel Kant was among his students.
As Superintendent, Schultz instituted the first Prussian teacher seminaries, founded more than 600 schools, and paved the way to compulsory education. Under Frederick II, who was skeptical of pietism, his influence sank. He died 19 May 1763 in Königsberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20878150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878150" title="Western Faculty of Education">
Western Faculty of Education

Althouse College of Education is a teacher's college at University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada.
History.
Originally named the Ontario College of Education, the second secondary teacher training institution established in Ontario, it opened its doors in 1962. The south-half of building served as the Department of Education for Ontario, staffing J. G. Althouse, its first Chief Director of Education (1944-1956) and also Dean of the College (1934-1944).
With great expansion over the years, the Department of Education moved out and on April 16, 1963 the building was renamed the Althouse College of Education. At this point the College remained only affiliated with the nearby University of Western Ontario. Turner served as Althouse College's Dean from 1965-1969. Its instruction staff consisted of a mix of veteran teacher faculty and PhD level research faculty. The College contained over 14 different departments, many for the teachable subjects (math, history, art, etc.), but also curriculum, psychology, and philosophy. In 1973, London Teacher's College (Elborn) merged with Althouse College to form the Faculty of Education at the university. Elborn mostly held veteran teacher faculty, and while some were brought over to Althouse College, many were not. Joining the university as a Faculty of Education (1974) contributed to attrition of non-research-based faculty, influencing them to either upgrade to a PhD-level or resign. During this period, the College began consolidating its many different departments. Stabler served as Dean for the London Teacher's College (1969–74), including the merging period to 1976. A graduate program was started later in the 1990s, the PhD program slowly growing with 6 students a year in 1999.
Early teacher education at Althouse required students to enrol in Philosophy, History, and Psychology as separate foundations courses. While the instructors of the latter two did not mind adjusting their purist backgrounds in history and psychology toward the educational contexts and relevance to education (History of Education; Educational Psychology), the philosophers feared that students would not receive philosophy as it should be taught because of the applied nature of education. Therefore, they did not adapt their practice to a kind of Philosophy of Education, and remained teaching purist philosophy to teacher-candidates such as logic, epistemology, and the history of modern philosophy. The students were not encouraged by this and complained the content was not relevant to their daily practice as teachers.
In 1967-68, R. S. Peters, a well-known (analytical) philosopher of education from the London Institute visited Althouse College and spent several days lecturing and visiting with faculty and students. He helped change the instruction of philosophy to philosophy of education, offering several course outlines of philosophy of education courses taught at the University of London. The faculty at Althouse College also began experimenting with a new way of bringing philosophy to bear on educational practice - the teaching of philosophy of 'subjects,' e.g. philosophy of mathematics, philosophy of history, etc., but also philosophy of the elementary years for the elementary school teachers. This gave the teachers considerable foundations in the 'form of knowledge' they were tasked with instructing in the elementary and high schools, and gave them greater background in understanding their subjects to convey to their future students.
The next decade, from 1967-1977, was the golden age of philosophy of education at Althouse College. When the department of philosophers of education had a member retire, they were 'promptly replaced'. Funds were plentiful and many visiting scholars were brought to the faculty to lecture and consult with faculty and students.
In 1978, substantial funding issues were incurred. The philosophy of subjects method was cut and philosophy of education was consolidated and offered as a single required course in the teacher education program. Philosophy of Education faculty were also less and less replaced, their numbers diminishing. Eventually the Department of Philosophy was closed, their remaining faculty moved to the Administration and Policy Department.
In 1996, Paul O'Leary, a philosopher of education who was in the faculty for 31 years, retired, leaving two philosophers of education to teach 600 students. This teaching load, especially when philosophy of education was typically taught not only with lectures in the auditorium, but also smaller seminars rooms for discussion, was 'unsustainable'.
Now in 2010, Paul O'Leary remarks that philosophy of education at this time was no longer offered in the teacher education program.

</doc>
<doc id="20878163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878163" title="Queísmo">
Queísmo

Queísmo is a variation in Spanish grammar, considered "wrong" in prescriptive works, when "que" is used instead of "de que", "en que", "con que", etc. For example: "No me enteré que estabas enfermo" ("I was not aware that you were sick") is a case of queísmo, since the prescriptive construct is "No me enteré de que estabas enfermo"; the first sentence is typical of informal Spanish, the second one of formal or written Spanish.
Its symmetric phenomenon is Dequeísmo, which is much less widespread.

</doc>
<doc id="20878164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878164" title="1985 Iowa Hawkeyes football team">
1985 Iowa Hawkeyes football team

The 1985 Iowa Hawkeyes football team represented the University of Iowa in the 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season. 
Season.
Chuck Long declared that he would return for his senior season. He became an instant Heisman Trophy candidate, and Iowa was a preseason top five team. After three weeks in 1985, the Hawkeyes ascended to #1 in the national rankings for the second time in team history (1960).
Three weeks later, in the sixth game of the season, #1 Iowa faced #2 Michigan in Kinnick Stadium. Iowa trailed 10-9 as the Hawkeyes regained possession of the football at their own 22-yard line with just 5:27 remaining in the game. Long drove the Iowa team to the 12-yard line with two seconds remaining to set up kicker Rob Houghtlin's game winning field goal as time expired. After a rout of Northwestern, the Hawkeyes were upset by the #8 Ohio State Buckeyes in Columbus. 
Iowa lost in Chuck Long's final game in the 1986 Rose Bowl. Long's Iowa teams compiled a 35-13-1 record. He graduated with 10,461 passing yards and 74 touchdowns on 782 completions. 

</doc>
<doc id="20878172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878172" title="Mohit">
Mohit

Mohit comes from the Indian word which means "charming," "happy," "happiness." Also the name of Lord Krishna. "Sammohit" which means "one who attracts and one who gets attracted." Hindi word which means "attraction."

</doc>
<doc id="20878177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878177" title="Dequeísmo">
Dequeísmo

Dequeísmo is a variation in Spanish grammar, considered "wrong" in prescriptive works, which consists in using "de que" instead of just "que" as the complementizer introducing a verbal complement clause. For example: "Me dijo de que estaba cansado" ("He told me that he was tired") is a case of dequeísmo since the usual construct is "Me dijo que estaba cansado". Dequeísmo is considered peculiar to less-educated speakers, most probably as an instance of hypercorrection.

</doc>
<doc id="20878191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878191" title="Xining railway station">
Xining railway station

Xining railway station () is the main railway station serving the city of Xining in Qinghai, China. It is the first station on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway which connects the city with Lhasa in Tibet.
History.
The station opened in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20878199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878199" title="Boomerang (Italy)">
Boomerang (Italy)

"For the original Boomerang channel, see Boomerang (TV channel)."
Boomerang is a television channel of old and new cartoons. In their programming are preferredly drawings of Hanna-Barbera, among others. It is a sister channel of Cartoon Network, a division of Time Warner.
Since 2003, Boomerang has also an Italian version available on SKY Italia but soon start to broadcast also on Digital terrestrial television with Cartoon Network.
in 2011, it will be hosted by Scooby-Doo, who played games with viewers and introduced cartoons.

</doc>
<doc id="20878206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878206" title="1966 Xingtai earthquake">
1966 Xingtai earthquake

The Xingtai Earthquake () was a sequence of major earthquakes that took place between March 8 and March 29, 1966 in the area administered by the prefecture-level city of Xingtai in southern Hebei province, People's Republic of China.
The first earthquake with magnitude 6.8 on the Richter scale and epicenter in Longyao County occurred in the early morning of March 8, 1966. It was followed by a sequence of five earthquakes above magnitude 6 on the Richter scale that lasted until March 29, 1966. The strongest of these quakes had a magnitude of 7.2 and took place in the southeastern part of Ningjin County on March 22. The earthquake damage included 8,064 dead, 38,000 injured and more than 5 million destroyed houses.

</doc>
<doc id="20878207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878207" title="Kleče pri Dolu">
Kleče pri Dolu

Kleče pri Dolu (; ) is a village east of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Kleče" to "Kleče pri Dolu" in 1955. In the 19th century the German name was "Kletsche".

</doc>
<doc id="20878214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878214" title="Marco Stark">
Marco Stark

Marco Stark (born July 9, 1981 in Worms, Germany) is a German football player currently playing for Wormatia Worms.

</doc>
<doc id="20878216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878216" title="Suzi Wizowaty">
Suzi Wizowaty

Suzi Wizowaty is an author and politician from Burlington, Vermont. A Democrat, she is a member of the Vermont House of Representatives, representing the Chittenden-6-5 district in Burlington. First elected in 2008, she took office on January 7, 2009.
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Wizowaty grew up in Europe, Texas and Connecticut, graduating from Princeton University (BA cum laude, 1977) and Goddard College in Plainfield, Vermont (MA, 1985). She lived in San Francisco, Chicago, and New Jersey before moving to Burlington in 1985.
Wizowaty has worked as a bookseller, librarian, newspaper reporter and editor, also having experience in the non-profit sector with the Vermont Humanities Council and Vermont Works for Women. A published author, she has written two novels: "The Round Barn" (Hardscrabble, 2002) and "A Tour of Evil" (Philomel, 2005). 
In 2008, Wizowaty ran for the Vermont House of Representatives in the two-member Chittenden-3-5 district. She faced two incumbents in the Democratic primary but was the top vote-getter, beating Rep. Johannah Leddy Donovan into second place and Rep. Bill Keogh into third. In the general election held on November 4, the Democratic nominees – Wizowaty and Donovan – ran unopposed. She was re-elected to the House on November 2, 2010. Following redistricting, she was elected to represent the Chittenden 6-5 district in 2012.
Wizowaty is one of six openly gay members of the Vermont Legislature, alongside representatives Bill Lippert (D–Hinesburg), Joanna E. Cole (D–Burlington), Brian Campion (D–Bennington), Matt Trieber (D–Bellows Falls) and Herb Russell (D–Rutland).

</doc>
<doc id="20878219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878219" title="Georg Eberhardt">
Georg Eberhardt

Georg Eberhardt (27 February 1914 — 21 July 1943) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Georg Eberhardt was born on the 27 February 1914, in Bad Frankenhausen. 
After he had finished school he volunteeered to join the Allgemeine SS in November 1932 and transferreed to the SS-VT in 1934.
He was selected to become an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tölz and after graduation he was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in April 1936.
He remained on the staff at the SS-Junkerschule as a platoon commander, later teaching tactics at the SS-Junkerschule at Braunschweig.
His promotion to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) came in September 1938.
World War II.
Eberhardt was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd and 1st class during Operation Barbarossa the invasion of the Soviet Union in August and September 1941.
In October 1942, he was promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) and given command of the Estonian SS Panzer Grenadier Battalion "Narwa" and promoted to Sturmbannführer (Major) in May 1943.
From 19 to 21 July 1943, at Charkov Eberhardt and his Battalion defeated several Soviet attacks, for which he was awarded the Knight's Cross but Eberhard had been killed in action on 21 July.

</doc>
<doc id="20878234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878234" title="Ingrid Backlin">
Ingrid Backlin

Ingrid Backlin (née Michaelsson) (born May 16, 1920 in Stockholm, died February 24, 2013) was a Swedish actress. Backlin made her film acting debut in 1940 in "Snurriga familjen" by Ivar Johansson, and would later participate in more than 30 films. She was married to actor Stig Järrel, and is the mother of former Member of Parliament Henrik S. Järrel and Helen Åberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20878239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878239" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Marinette County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marinette County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, districts, and objects in Marinette County listed on the National Register of Historic Places
This document is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Marinette County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties, the latitude and longitude coordinates of which are included below, may be seen in a Google map.

</doc>
<doc id="20878242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878242" title="Southside, Binghamton">
Southside, Binghamton

The Southside, as the name implies, is a neighborhood in the southern section of the New York State city of Binghamton. It is primarily a residential neighborhood with some commercial and industrial activity along Vestal and Conklin avenues. 
Binghamton and Vestal, east of the remainder of Vestal, west of the town of Conklin and south of the Susquehanna River and the rest of the City of Binghamton.
The area's "main drags" are Vestal and Conklin avenues, which, in accordance with their name, connect Binghamton with those neighbors.
Due to the large differences between the east and west sections of the Southside, it is home to two neighborhood assemblies; Southside East and Southside West.
Southside East.
Southside East can be defined as the area of the Southside of Binghamton east of Pennsylvania Avenue, stretching south and east to the Binghamton and Conklin town lines. The western section of South Side East is an urban neighborhood with blocks upon blocks of single to multiple-family dwellings. The eastern section is almost exclusively suburban in character in addition to containing the some of the city's public housing developments which are composed of townhouses. The schoolchildren of the Southside East district attend Benjamin Franklin Elementary, then East Middle School. On the 2013 NY State English and Math Test scores for Benjamin Franklin Elementary School, depending upon grade, 4.2-10.8% of students met the new state standards in math and 7.2-9.5% met the new state standards in ELA. The majority of students placed in Level 1 for math and ELA. Results for East Middle School show 13.9-14.2% of students met the new state ELA standards and 6-7.6% met the math new state standards. Approximately half of the students placed in Level 1. 
Southside West.
Southside West is the area of the Southside west of Pennsylvania Avenue, stretching south and west to the Binghamton and Vestal town lines. The entire area is suburban in character with mansion-like homes on large plots strung along the rolling hills. Most of the Southside West stretches up South Mountain, also Ross Mountain. The schoolchildren attend MacArthur Elementary and, in most cases, West Middle School. Due to displacement from the flood, results for MacArthur Elementary are not available for 2013. Test scores the previous year, based on the lower state standards, showed performance to be similar to state averages. Results for West Middle School indicate 23.3-28.1% of students met the new ELA standards while 16.9-20.6% met the new math standards. Between 28.8-40.8% placed at Level 1 in ELA while 31.3-44.8 placed in Level 1 for Math.
Southbridge Central Commercial District.
The Southbridge Central Commercial District is located around S. Washington St., Vestal Ave., and the easternmost section of Rt. 434. It has several shops and restaurants, a Lourdes Hospital "Primary Care Associates" building, a Lourdes Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Building, and 1 or 2 Cyber Cafes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20878252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878252" title="Stephen Dalton">
Stephen Dalton

Air Chief Marshal Sir Stephen Gary George Dalton, GCB, ADC (born 23 April 1954) is a retired Royal Air Force Air Officer. As commanding officer of XIII Squadron, he deployed on Operation Jural, the UK contribution to Operation Southern Watch, enforcing the No-Fly Zone over Southern Iraq. He then moved on to high command, serving as Head of Air Operations at the Ministry of Defence during the preparations for and conduct of Operation Telic in Iraq. Most recently he was appointed Chief of the Air Staff, the professional head of the Royal Air Force, in which role he advised the British Government on the deployment of air power during the Libyan conflict. In that capacity he implemented 2,700 redundancies, as determined by the Strategic Defence and Security Review.
Early life.
Dalton was educated at Clarendon Park Junior School and Lancaster School in Leicester, and then the University of Bath, where he studied Aeronautical Engineering.
Military career.
Dalton was commissioned as a University Cadet on 16 September 1973, before being regraded as a pilot officer following graduation on 15 July 1976. Dalton was promoted to flying officer on 15 January 1977, and then flight lieutenant on 15 October 1977. He flew the SEPECAT Jaguar on three tours, operating from the UK and Germany in both ground attack and tactical reconnaissance roles. Dalton was promoted to squadron leader on 1 July 1984, and awarded a Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in the 1987 New Year Honours.
Following the Advanced Staff Course, training to fly the Panavia Tornado, and promotion to wing commander on 1 July 1990, Dalton commanded XIII Squadron. He deployed on Operation Jural, the UK contribution to Operation Southern Watch, enforcing the No-Fly Zone over Southern Iraq.
Dalton was promoted to group captain on 1 July 1994, and in 1997 took command of RAF Coltishall and the RAF's Jaguar force. On promotion to air commodore on 1 January 2000, he was appointed Head of the Eurofighter Typhoon Programme Assurance Group at the Ministry of Defence. Following the Higher Command and Staff Course in 2002, Dalton was appointed Head of Air Operations, also at the Ministry of Defence. His tenure in this role was dominated by the preparations for and conduct of Operation Telic in Iraq.
On promotion to air vice marshal on 14 May 2003, Dalton was appointed Director Information Superiority. He was also appointed Controller Aircraft in 2004, retaining this post upon his appointment as Director Typhoon on 2 May 2006. He was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 2006 New Year Honours.
On 1 May 2007, Dalton was promoted to air marshal, and appointed Deputy Commander-in-Chief Personnel at Air Command and Air Member for Personnel. In the 2009 Birthday Honours he was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB). He was promoted to Air Chief Marshal and appointed Chief of the Air Staff, and Air Aide-de-Camp to HM The Queen, on 31 July 2009. Dalton was appointed Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) in the 2012 Birthday Honours.
In light of the Libyan conflict, Dalton warned that there "was a heck of a lot to be doing" and that the military was nearing the point of "exhaustion". The RAF became the first part of the military to bring in the cuts when it spelled out its plans for 2,700 lay-offs in April 2011, following the Strategic Defence and Security Review in 2010, and Dalton admitted that some were likely to be compulsory. On 24 June 2011 "The Daily Telegraph" confirmed that Dalton, in common with the First Sea Lord and the Chief of the General Staff, would lose his position on the Defence Board, the highest non-ministerial Ministry of Defence committee, which makes decisions on all aspect of military policy. He retired in July 2013.
Dalton was appointed as Honorary Air Commodore to the RAF Regiment on 21 September 2013, in succession to Air Chief Marshal Sir Richard Johns.
Personal life.
Dalton is married with two grown-up children. His interests include sports, theatre and history. He was awarded an honorary degree by the University of Leicester in 2011 and an honorary Doctorate of Science by the University of Bath in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20878287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878287" title="Kenji Kimura">
Kenji Kimura

In 1968 he was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he won the gold medal with the Japanese team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878290" title="Chicago Whales all-time roster">
Chicago Whales all-time roster

The Chicago Whales were a Major League Baseball franchise that played in the Federal League during its two years of existence, 1914 and 1915. The following is a list of players and who appeared in at least one game for the franchise during this time. This includes the Chicago Federals, the name of the club in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="20878295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878295" title="Klopce, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Klopce, Dol pri Ljubljani

Klopce () is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20878302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878302" title="Isao Koizumi">
Isao Koizumi

In 1968 he was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878308" title="1981 Iowa Hawkeyes football team">
1981 Iowa Hawkeyes football team

The 1981 Iowa Hawkeyes football team represented the University of Iowa in the 1981 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Hawks were 6–2 in conference play and were Big Ten Conference co-champions. Iowa went to the Rose Bowl for the first time in 23 years. Their previous appearance in the 1958 season, when Iowa won the 1959 Rose Bowl. It was also Iowa's first winning season since 1961. This time Iowa had a more difficult time, shutout by Don James's Washington Huskies , 28–0. The Hawkeyes finished the 1981 season at 8–4. 
Schedule.
Like all Big Ten teams in 1981, Iowa played eight conference games, missing one opponent.<br>Iowa did not play Ohio State in 1981; OSU was also 8-3 and 6-2 in the Big Ten to tie for the conference title. The Buckeyes won their bowl game, the 1981 Liberty Bowl over Navy, and finished at 9-3.
Season summary.
Michigan State.
Iowa earns first Rose Bowl since 1958 with Michigan's loss to Ohio State, which was announced with 6:14 left in the first quarter. 
Statistics
Team players in the NFL.
The following 1981 Iowa Hawkeyes were selected in the 1982 NFL Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="20878326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878326" title="Yasuaki Mitsumori">
Yasuaki Mitsumori

In 1968 he was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878337" title="2005 FIBA Asia Champions Cup">
2005 FIBA Asia Champions Cup

The FIBA Asia Champions Cup 2005 was the 16th staging of the FIBA Asia Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of FIBA Asia. The tournament was held in Quezon City, Pasay City and Antipolo City, in the Philippines between May 29, 2008 and June 5.
Awards.
All-Star Team:

</doc>
<doc id="20878352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878352" title="Tetsuo Satō">
Tetsuo Satō

In 1968 he was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches. Four years later he won the gold medal with the Japanese team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played one match. At the 1976 Games he was a member of the Japanese team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878360" title="Jiří Čtvrtečka">
Jiří Čtvrtečka

Jiří Čtvrtečka (born December 2, 1942) is a Czechoslovak sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s. He won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (C-2 500 m: 1975) and two bronzes (C-1 1000 m: 1970, C-2 500 m: 1974).
Čtvrtečka also competed in three Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of fourth in the C-1 1000 m event at Mexico City in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20878362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878362" title="Thomas Cichon">
Thomas Cichon

Thomas Cichon (; born 9 July 1976 in Ruda Śląska) is a German former football player.
Cichon is of Polish origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20878364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878364" title="Biswanath Das">
Biswanath Das

Biswanath Das (March 8, 1889 – June 2, 1984) was an Indian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Odisha Province of British India 1937–39, the Governor of Uttar Pradesh 1962–67 and later the Chief Minister of Odisha 1971–72.
Political career.
Biswanath Das was a member of the legislative council of Madras Province from 1921 to 1930. After the separation of Odisha on April 1, 1936 he became its Prime Minister on July 19, 1937. Biswanath Das became a member of the Constituent Assembly of India in 1946. After the Odisha Vidhan Sabha election in 1971, the Utkal Congress, the Swatantra Party and the Jharkhand Party formed a United Front and he became the Chief Minister of the United Front government. He was in office from April 3, 1971 to June 14, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20878378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878378" title="List of programmes broadcast by Boomerang (Italy)">
List of programmes broadcast by Boomerang (Italy)

This is a list of television programs broadcast by Boomerang in Italy.
Current Programs.
as of December 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20878425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878425" title="Herstadberg">
Herstadberg

Herstadberg is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 236 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20878427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878427" title="Samuel James Campbell">
Samuel James Campbell

Samuel James Campbell (June 18, 1892 in Mount Carroll – September 3, 1981 in Tucson) was a prominent banker, businessman and civic leader in Mount Carroll, Illinois, in the first half of the 20th century. He operated several farms that raised Angus cattle and owned the Kable News Company of Mount Morris, Illinois, a national distributor of magazines. He headed the boards of trustees of Shimer College for more than 20 years, and was also chairman of the board at Beloit College.
Campbell's Mount Carroll residence, built in 1925 when he was the vice president of the Carroll County State Bank, is now part of the Mount Carroll Historic District. It was designed by architect Carroll A. Klein.
Early life and education.
Campbell received a certificate in music from Shimer College in 1909; although it was then almost exclusively a girls' preparatory school, Shimer allowed occasional male day students. 
Campbell subsequently studied at Beloit College through 1913, and received a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Stanford University in 1914. On October 10 of the same year, he married fellow Stanford graduate Ileen Bullis.
Career and civic life.
Campbell's "Kable News Co." was listed as distributor of thirty three comic titles during the United States Senate Subcommittee on Juvenile Delinquency's investigation into a possible connection between comic books and juvenile delinquency. 
Campbell was a friend of Holman Pettibone of Chicago, a member of the Eisenhower administration. In 1955 Pettibone arranged to have Campbell invited to a stag dinner at the White House where he met President Dwight D. Eisenhower. He was invited again in 1957 for a dinner (indefinitely postponed) to be given in honor of President René Coty of France. Eisenhower, who also had an interest in Angus cattle and who kept two herds at his farm in Gettysburg (now the Eisenhower National Historic Site), kept in contact with Campbell for the rest of the administration.
Campbell was a long-time member of the boards of trustees of both his hometown alma mater Shimer College and nearby Beloit College. His service on the Shimer College board began in 1924, and he held the chairmanship for more than 20 years, from 1935 to 1956. At Beloit, he joined the board in 1938 and chaired it from 1958 to 1963. He also served as an advisor to the University of Arizona after taking up residence there later in life.
A "Samuel J. Campbell Plaza" was dedicated at Beloit College in 1976. The Department of Economics at Beloit is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20878448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878448" title="Mahmut Yılmaz">
Mahmut Yılmaz

Mahmut Yılmaz (born October 6, 1979) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent. He also holds Turkish citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20878454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878454" title="Ronald R. Ingle">
Ronald R. Ingle

Ronald R. Ingle was the seventh chief executive of Coastal Carolina University from 1992 to 2007. He was the last chancellor of the school while it was still a branch campus of the University of South Carolina from 1992 to 1993. After Coastal became fully independent of USC in 1993, Ingle became the new university's first president, serving until his retirement in 2007.
Dr. Ingle earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wofford College, a Master of Science degree in Higher Education Administration from Florida State University, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Psychology from Ohio State University. Prior to his tenure at Coastal Carolina University, Ingle held administrative and teaching positions at the University of South Carolina, Kennesaw College, and South Georgia College. Most recently, Ingle served a two-year appointment as Executive Vice President at Young Harris College, a private liberal arts college in Georgia.
Dr. Ingle’s career focus has been assisting higher education institutions during periods of transition. He has served on numerous civic and educational boards, including the boards of directors of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities and South Carolina Sea Grant Consortium; as commissioner for the Commission on Colleges, Southern Association of Colleges and Schools; and as governor’s appointee from South Carolina for the Southern Regional Educational Board.
In 2001, Dr. Ingle was awarded the "Ambassador of Peace Award for Vision and Courage" from the Louis Gregory Bahá'í Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20878456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878456" title="Križevska Vas, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Križevska Vas, Dol pri Ljubljani

Križevska Vas (; , "Kreuzdorf") is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveti Križ" (literally, 'Holy Cross') to "Križevska vas" in 1952. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. In the 19th century the German name was "Sankt Crucis".
History.
The remains of a prehistoric settlement with embankments stand above the village, testifying to early settlement of the area. The remnants of a Roman building with a decorative mosaic were discovered at the Vodnik farm in 1939 while excavating the late Gothic foundations of the original church. A Roman sarcophagus was also discovered. It had been reused for an early Slavic burial and contained burial goods from the Köttlach culture.
A part-time school was established in 1899, and became a full-time school in 1929. A schoolhouse was built in 1938.
During the Second World War, Partisan forces took up positions in Križevska Vas and neighboring Zagorica pri Dolskem. The Partisans retreated from the villages toward Vače when a German column approached on 18 August 1944, and evidence was collected from the school and rectory that the Partisans had been there for an extended time. Eight men from Križevska Vas and Zagorica were arrested for collaboration with the Partisans and imprisoned in Kamnik. On 24 August 1944, Russian Liberation Army troops forced the villagers from their homes and then searched and looted the houses. The people were then ordered to collect their belongings. The Russian Liberation Army forces escorted the villagers to Dolsko and then burned Križevska Vas and Zagorica. The villagers were not permitted to return home until the end of the war. Among the structures damaged in the fire was Holy Cross Church and the schoolhouse.
Church.
The local church, dedicated to the Holy Cross, was first mentioned in written sources in 1526. The very first church in the village stood at a somewhat lower location, next to the Vodnik house. The current church was restored after being damaged in a fire in 1944. There is a small cemetery behind the church. The cemetery was established by the priest Anton Komlanec (1884–1966) after he was assigned to the parish. Previously the villagers had used the cemetery in Moravče, an hour and a half away.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Križevska Vas include:

</doc>
<doc id="20878460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878460" title="Kenji Shimaoka">
Kenji Shimaoka

In 1968 he was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches.
Four years later he won the gold medal with the Japanese team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.
At the 1976 Games he was a member of the Japanese team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878465" title="Alois Schnaubelt">
Alois Schnaubelt

Alois Schnaubelt (16 January 1921 – 11 December 2012) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Schnaubelt was the commander of an 88 mm gun in the 5th SS Flak Battalion "Wiking". He was credited with the destruction of 9 T-34 tanks within 25 minutes. For this act of valor on the battlefield, Schnaubelt was awarded the Knight's Cross on 16 November 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20878469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878469" title="Xining Xiaoqiao railway station">
Xining Xiaoqiao railway station

Xining Xiaoqiao Railway Station is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves the city of Xining and is located 3 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878487" title="Xining West railway station">
Xining West railway station

Xining West Railway Station () is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves the suburbs of the city of Xining and is located 12 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878503" title="Shuangzhai Railway Station">
Shuangzhai Railway Station

Shuangzhai Railway Station () is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves Shuangzhai and is located 24 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878504" title="List of programmes broadcast by FX (Italy)">
List of programmes broadcast by FX (Italy)

This is a list of television programs broadcast by FX in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20878507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878507" title="Laze pri Dolskem">
Laze pri Dolskem

Laze pri Dolskem is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The settlement includes the hamlet of Slapnica to the east and the isolated Rogač farm above the main settlement.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Laze" to "Laze pri Dolskem" in 1953. The name "Laze" is derived from the common noun "laz" 'cleared area in or next to a forest overgrown with grass'. This was originally a masculine plural noun (preserved in some other toponyms such as "Dolenji Lazi"), but it became a feminine plural noun like similar toponyms (e.g., "Laze", "Zgornje Laže", etc.) due to the ambiguous accusative ending in "-e". 
History.
At the beginning of the 20th century, a grave dating from the Migration Period was found near the Hribar house, testifying to early settlement in the area. A former mill along Slapnica Creek was torn down between the two world wars. The former inn in Laze pri Dolskem closed in 1964.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Laze pri Dolskem include:

</doc>
<doc id="20878520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878520" title="Zhamalong railway station">
Zhamalong railway station

Zhamalong Railway Station is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves Zhamalong and is located 35 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878525" title="Farm to Market Road 664">
Farm to Market Road 664

Farm to Market Road 664 (FM 664) is a rural and suburban farm to market road in Ellis County, Texas.
Route description.
FM 664, known locally as Ovilla Road, is a major access road for the northern sections of Ellis County. It begins at , the former route of in Waxahachie. It briefly travels north along the "de facto" frontage road for southbound IH 35E at Exit #401B. After passing the interstate, the route continues north approximately nine miles into Ovilla, where it makes an abrupt right-hand turn and continues to the east for the remainder of its length. It crosses IH 35E again (passing over the Boxcar Willie Memorial Overpass) and also in Red Oak before terminating at near Ferris.
History.
FM 664 was designated in 1945, and ran from near Waxahachie to Ovilla, with a southern terminus at US 287 (later , now signed as US 287 Business). It was lengthened to (now the IH 35E freeway) in 1961. An extension further east in 1965 and another to Ferris in 1970 brought the route to its current length.

</doc>
<doc id="20878526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878526" title="Mamoru Shiragami">
Mamoru Shiragami

He was born on the island of Taiwan.
In 1968 he was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878529" title="Public holidays in Turkmenistan">
Public holidays in Turkmenistan

Public holidays in Turkmenistan fall into three main categories: (a) holidays commemorating historical events (the defense of the Geok Teppe fortress in 1881, World War II in 1941-45) and landmarks since the declaration of Turkmenistan's independence in 1991 (Independence Day, Neutrality Day, State Flag Day, Day of Revival and Unity); (b) traditional and religious holidays revived since independence (Nowruz Bayram, Kurban Bayram, Oraza Bayram); and (c) new holidays introduced to honor and reinforce cultural traditions of the Turkmen people (harvest, water conservation, folk singers, Turkmen carpets, and the Turkmen racing horse).
List of Public Holidays in Turkmenistan (as of 2009):

</doc>
<doc id="20878535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878535" title="Shiyazhuang Railway Station">
Shiyazhuang Railway Station

Shiyazhuang Railway Station () is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves Shiyazhuang and is located 48 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878541" title="Balkan Romani">
Balkan Romani

Balkan Romani is a group of dialects of the Romani language spoken in various Roma groups in the Balkans.
Dialects.
Elšík uses this classification and dialect examples (geographical information from Matras ):

</doc>
<doc id="20878550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878550" title="Huangyuan Railway Station">
Huangyuan Railway Station

Huangyuan Railway Station () is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves Tongkor and is located 58 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878554" title="Osredke">
Osredke

Osredke is a dispersed settlement north of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20878560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878560" title="Thorsten Nehrbauer">
Thorsten Nehrbauer

Thorsten Nehrbauer (born 12 January 1978 in Bonn) is a German former football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20878566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878566" title="Shenzhong Railway Station">
Shenzhong Railway Station

Shenzhong Railway Station () is a railway station on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway. It serves Shenzhong and is located 67 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878578" title="Banket (food)">
Banket (food)

"Banket" is made by rolling pastry dough around an almond paste filling, and then baking it. The rolled log is then cut into short lengths for serving, hot or cold. It can also be frozen and enjoyed after the holiday season.
The term "" or "banket letter" refers to the tradition of bending the uncooked logs into the shape of letters. The baked letters would then be used to spell out messages such as "Merry Christmas" on a holiday feast banquet table.

</doc>
<doc id="20878582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878582" title="Shahrokh Moshkin Ghalam">
Shahrokh Moshkin Ghalam

Shahrokh Moshkin Ghalam (, Šârukh Muškîn Qalam) is an Iranian modern dancer trained and based in Paris. A graduate in history of art and theatre from the Paris 8 University, he is choreographer, actor and director. In addition, he is the founder and former artistic director of Nakissa Art Company.
Style.
He was born and spent his very early youth in Iran, but spent his early teens in Paris where he trained in various styles of dance. His choreography style is usually based on Persian classical music that brings Persian myths, poetry, and dance together to create an atmosphere of magical quality.
He has danced in "Seven Pavilions of Love", "Sohrab and Gordafarid", and "Khosrow and Shirin". In his Dance-Mythologic (a collection of Dances based on Persian mythology) piece, Shahrokh is a story teller translating the lines from thousands of years ago into movements familiar to today's audience all over the world. In Moshkin Ghalam’s view, movement is to convey a message; he does not believe in using movement for the sake of movement. His extensive training in world dances, along with his open-mindedness, allows him to take all that he feels necessary from other cultures, add to it, or sometimes re-invent it each time in a new context for a different purpose.
I came to realize the importance of my roots, my heritage, my being Iranian after I left Iran. It happened over the course of my six-year collaboration with Ariane Mnouchkine, who reminded us that every single one of us, who came from all over the world, had something to contribute to this magical world of theatre." "I turned to our myths, our legends, our great epic "Shahnameh" and tried to learn as much as I could. 
Shahrokh draws inspiration from diverse Eastern traditions to create a unique style of dance. Persian, Kurdish, Sufi and Indian influences blend with a contemporary training in both dance and theatre.
Performed works.
In 2002 the Royal Opera House of Covent Garden invited him to perform "Seven Pavilion Ballet" based on the works of great Persian poet Nezami. "Dance Variations on Persian themes" created in 2007 is his last work which is a collection of his best choreographies performed with Karine Gonzales[http://www.karinegonzalez.com/agenda/agenda.htm] the major dancer of his company. His "Omar Khayyam Ballet" inspired by the quatrains of 12th-century Persian poet Omar Khayyam has been performed in Paris, London, Stockholm, New York and Los Angeles. The "Mythological Danses" inspired by the three love stories (Khosrow and Shirin, Bahram and Dorsatti, Sohrab and Gordafarid) is also a very successful series of Persian dances which has been performed in Europe and North America several times.
Acting career.
For six years, he appeared under the direction of Ariane Mnouchkine with the Théâtre du Soleil and had major parts in plays such as "Tartuffe", "la Ville Parjure" and "Les Atrides". His theatre performances include Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" with the Terrain Vague Company, "Romeo and Juliette" directed by Lionnel Briands, "Dionysos, the Baccantes" of Euripide directed by Usevio Lazaro, "Soldier Tale" of Strawinsky in theatre Athenée directed by Antoine Campo, "A Streetcar Named Desire" of Tennessee Williams directed by Phillip Adrian, and "Abduction from the Serail" directed by Jérôme Deschamps.
He has played and directed plays in Persian including:
Since 2004 he has been an official member of La Comédie Française, one of the most prestigious theatre companies in Europe and has taken part in plays including:
Personal life.
He and his company Nakissa perform in various countries around the world and attend international festivals or events, such as the International Dance Festival in Boulder Colorado, Festival Meridas, Festival d'Asturias Festival de Chartres, Rotterdam, Rome, La haye, and the Tirgan festival [http://www.tirgan.ca/] in Toronto. Shahrokh enjoys photography. In 2009 he signed an open letter of apology posted to Iranian.com along with 266 other Iranian academics, writers, artists, journalists about the Persecution of Bahá'ís.

</doc>
<doc id="20878588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878588" title="Bayan Railway Station">
Bayan Railway Station

Bayan Railway Station () is a railway station on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway. It serves Bayan and is located 77 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878595" title="Kalissaye Avifaunal Reserve">
Kalissaye Avifaunal Reserve

'Kalissaye Avifaunal Reserve' (KAR) is a small nature reserve in Senegal, located at the mouth of Kalissaye Pond in the middle of the Casamance River.
Like Basse Casamance National Park 35 km away, KOR is currently closed due to the Casamance Conflict.
Flora.
On the small sandy islands making up the reserve, vegetation consists mainly of "Ipomoea pes-caprae", "Sporobolus spicatus", and "Alternanthera maritima".
Fauna.
The reserve was created in 1978 to protect sea turtle and seabird colonies.
There were more than 10000 Caspian Tern ("Sterna caspia") in the reserve during the 1980s, and there are also many Royal Tern ("Thalasseus maximus") and Great White Pelican ("Pelecanus onocrotalus").
Several sea turtle species are quite populous, including Loggerheads ("Caretta caretta") and green turtles ("Chelonia mydas").
The common dolphin ("Delphinus delphis") and the African Manatee ("Trichechus senegalensis") are also observed in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20878599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878599" title="Yoshihide Fukao">
Yoshihide Fukao

He was born in Hikone.
In 1972 he was part of the Japanese team which won the gold medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Japanese team in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878600" title="Yuejiacun railway station">
Yuejiacun railway station

Yuejiacun Railway Station () is a railway station on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway. It serves Yuejiacun and is located 85 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878605" title="William Embry Wrather">
William Embry Wrather

William Embry Wrather (January 20, 1883 - November 28, 1963) was an American geologist. 
Biography.
He was born on a farm near Brandenburg in Meade County, Kentucky on January 20, 1883. He died in his home in Washington, DC on Thursday, November 28, 1963. He was the only son of Richard Anselm and Glovy Washington (Munford) Wrather. Wrather moved to Chicago at the age of 14 to live with relatives and to attend South Chicago High School. Wrather entered the University of Chicago in 1902 and received his ph.B. in Geology in 1907. During the summer of 1907, Wrather was a field assistant on a US Geological Survey party in the mountains of western Montana. Wrather worked temporarily in clerical positions before going to work for Guffey Petroleum from 1908-1916. On December 30, 1910, he married his high school sweetheart, Alice Mildred Dolling in Chicago, Illinois. In 1916, Wrather resigned to search for new oil fields. In 1918 his efforts contributed to the identification of the Desdemona field in Comanche County, Texas. Wrather's interest in the Desdemona field amounted to three quarters of a million dollars.
Wrather then moved to Dallas an opened an office as a consulting geologist. On the recommendation of the National Research Council, Wrather was appointed United States delegate to successive International Geological Congresses in Spain, South Africa, Russia, the Netherlands, and Algeria. Wrather was a founding member of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists. He served as Secretary-Treasurer in 1918 and as Chairman of the Research Committee from 1923 to 1933. He was a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee for the Chicago World's Fair in 1933. He also served as President of the Texas State Historical Association for seven years.
In 1940, Wrather was selected General Chairman for the Dallas annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, of which he became a member in 1917 and a Fellow in 1925. In 1943, he was appointed Treasurer of the Association and he served in that capacity of 11 years. Wrather was also a First Vice President of the Geological Society of America and a President (1934) of the Society of Economic Geologists. He served as president of the American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers in 1948. In 1951, he was chosen to be a Life Trustee of the National Geographic Society.
In 1942, Wrather came to Washington, DC is be Assistant Chief of the Foreign Economic Administration for Metals and Minerals. In 1943, upon the retirement of Walter Curran Mendenhall, the National Academy of Sciences recommended Wrather as a potential candidate for appointment and he was selected to be the Director of the US Geological Survey.
USGS career.
In 1943, as the Federal Government began planning for the postwar era, Director Walter Curran Mendenhall, who had served 2 years beyond then mandatory retirement age by Presidential exemption, was succeeded by William Embry Wrather. For most of his life, Wrather, a graduate of the University of Chicago who had been a Survey field assistant in 1907, had been an eminently successful consulting petroleum geologist, but when he was named Director he was Associate Chief of the Metals and Minerals Division of the Board of Economic Warfare. In the fall of 1943, Wrather was a member of the small mission sent by the Petroleum Administrator for War, Harold M. Ickes, to appraise the petroleum resources of the Middle East, and Thomas Brennan Nolan, a geologist in the Metals Section who had played a leading role in the strategic-minerals program, became Acting Director. In January 1956, after Director Wrather retired because of illness and age, Assistant Director Thomas Brennan Nolan became the US Geological Survey's seventh Director.

</doc>
<doc id="20878619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878619" title="Haiyan Dashi railway station">
Haiyan Dashi railway station

Haiyan Dashi Railway Station is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves Haiyan and is located 97 km from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878620" title="Petelinje, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Petelinje, Dol pri Ljubljani

Petelinje is a small settlement near Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20878621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878621" title="Danilo López">
Danilo López

Danilo Lopez Roman (b. Nicaragua 1954) is an architect, translator, cultural promoter, and poet, who resides in Texas, United States. His work has appeared in many literary magazines in printed and electronic media, including "Linden Lane" magazine, "Hayden's Ferry Review", "Loch Raven Review", "La Prensa Literaria", and "El Pez y la Serpiente".
He has been invited to read his poetry at the Latino Cultural Center in Dallas, the Miami Book Fair International, the Austin International Poetry Festival, the Houston Poetry Fest, the International Symposium Ruben Dario in Leon (Nicaragua), the International Poetry Festival in Granada (Nicaragua) and others.
Among his seven poetry collections are: "Antologia de Tarde" 1996, "God, Woman & Country" Fraternity/Tropiculture 2000, and "Dona Nobis Pacem" 2006 - ISBN 1-892820-11-0. With competitive grants awarded by the Miami-Dade County Cultural Affairs Council he has published several poetry anthologies, two of which are "Poets of Miami" and "11 Nicaraguan Poets in the USA" [1997, 2001 the only collection of poetry by Nicaraguan poets who reside in the United States of America. Additionally he has published in translation the poetry of the famous Nicaraguan bard Carlos Martinez Rivas and edited books by other fellow Nicaraguan poets residing in the USA, like Isis Pereira, Jorge Eduardo Arguello, Rubi Arana, Horacio Pena, Guillermo Menocal, and others.
A member of the Academy of American Poets and the Poetry Society of America, he is enrolled in the Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing Program at the University of Texas-El Paso, where he has been honored with a lifetime membership in the Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society.
He is included in the anthology "El Gueguense al Pie de Bobadilla: Poemas Escogidos de la Poesia Nicaraguanse Actual", selection and notes by Dr. Omar Garcia-Obregon and Dr. Conny Palacios, Managua, Nicaragua - ISBN 978-99924-59-86-7.

</doc>
<doc id="20878634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878634" title="Haiyan railway station">
Haiyan railway station

Haiyan Railway Station is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves Huangcaozhuang in Haiyan County and is located from Xining Railway Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20878639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878639" title="Quin Hillyer">
Quin Hillyer

R. Quin Edmonson Hillyer (born March 16, 1964) is an American newspaper columnist and writer. On May 24, 2013, he announced his candidacy for the United States House of Representatives from Alabama's 1st congressional district, but he was eliminated from contention in the September 24 special election, having finished fourth in the Republican primary.
Education and early career.
Hillyer was born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana and graduated from the Isidore Newman School in 1982 before matriculating at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., graduating with a A.B. in government and theology (cum laude) in 1986. While at Georgetown, Hillyer held major editorial positions at the student newspaper, "The Hoya", and wrote extensively during the school’s Final Four basketball appearances in 1984 and 1985.
Following graduation, Hillyer joined the "New Orleans Times-Picayune" as a correspondent before a term as research/issues director for the Louisiana gubernatorial campaign of U.S. Representative Bob Livingston in 1987. He served as an unpaid director in the state campaign for Pete Dupont’s 1988 GOP presidential bid. A former page at the 1980 Republican National Convention, Hillyer attended the 1988 Republican convention as an alternate delegate from the state of Louisiana.
Following the 1988 elections, former Louisiana Democrat David Duke switched parties in an attempt to reach higher office. Duke’s rise in Republican circles were troubling to many Louisiana public and private sector officials. Hillyer, serving as state chairman of the Louisiana Young Republicans, was among a group of ten, which also included Beth Rickey, who founded the Louisiana Coalition Against Racism and Nazism, a bipartisan group which sought to publicly counter assertions that Duke had severed ties to the Ku Klux Klan and other white supremacist groups. The Coalition opposed Duke’s revisionist history and exposed a number of his ongoing associations with these groups, factors which may have contributed to Duke's lack of success in statewide races for U.S. Senate in 1990 and governor in 1991.
In 1989, Hillyer became managing editor of "Gambit", a weekly newsmagazine in the New Orleans area. He later joined Congressman Livingston's staff in 1991, rising to the position of press secretary as Livingston rose to the chairmanship of the House Appropriations Committee in 1995.
Journalism career.
Following the 1996 elections, Hillyer return to the private sector, where he returned to journalism and political commentary. In 1997, he joined the editorial staff of the "Arkansas Democrat-Gazette", focusing on both local and national issues during the term of then-governor Mike Huckabee. In 1998, Hillyer joined the editorial desk at the "Mobile Register," gaining widespread acclaim for his coverage of statewide politics and its effect on the city as a whole, receiving the Carmage Walls Commentary Award from the Southern Newspaper Publishers Association and the Green Eyeshade Award for commentary from the Society of Professional Journalists.
Hillyer returned to Washington in 2006, serving as a managing director at Qorvis Communications, and executive editor of "The American Spectator" before assuming the post of Associate Editorial Page Editor at "The Washington Examiner" in 2008. From 2009 through 2011, he was a senior editorial writer at "The Washington Times". He remains a senior editor and columnist at the Spectator.
Hillyer’s articles have appeared in many publications, including the "Wall Street Journal", "Washington Post", "National Review", the "New Republic", "The Guardian" (UK), and "Investor’s Business Daily". Television appearances included Fox News, MSNBC, CNN and CBN on various political issues, particularly in the 2008 campaign.
2013 Congressional candidacy.
On May 23, 2013, six-term Republican U.S. Representative Jo Bonner announced he would resign from Congress effective August 15, 2013 to become a vice chancellor at the University of Alabama.
Hillyer made his announcement to seek the Republican nomination for Bonner's seat one day later, telling his audience at the "American Spectator": "I am a constitutional conservative—and an 'opportunity society' conservative as well, hearkening back to the Reagan-Kemp era of prosperity and liberty. Free men and women, with free minds, in a free market, produce abundance and a vibrant society." 
Hillyer received outside support from Rick Santorum, who recorded a radio ad purchased by Citizens United Political Victory Fund. He also garnered the endorsement of Citizens for the Republic, the former Ronald W. Reagan political action committee based in Alexandria, Virginia.
Political views.
Hillyer is a classical conservative; his writings maintain the principles of limited government first theorized by James Madison and most closely held in recent years by Ronald Reagan. Hillyer’s writings are also respectful of the Madisonian contribution to American liberty and politics. His writings distance itself from the single-issue focus of some religious conservatives, and is especially distrustful of big government conservatives, particularly over taxation and deficit spending policies. 
In addition to politics, Hillyer has written frequently on U.S. Supreme Court nominees over the last two decades. He has supported many Republican-nominated candidates, including Chief Justice John Roberts, Associate Justice Samuel Alito, and Associate Justice Clarence Thomas, but took the Bush administration to task over the proposed appointment of Harriet Miers in 2005. Hillyer was a frequent contributor to the Court-centric web site Confirm Them.
Other interests.
Hillyer has been deeply involved in leadership positions for organizations ranging from work with at-risk youth to historic preservation. Outside of politics he enjoys jazz music, golf, and is a passionate New Orleans Saints fan. Hillyer is married and lives in Mobile, Alabama, where he serves as a Senior Fellow at the Center for Individual Freedom and a writer-in-residence at the University of Mobile.

</doc>
<doc id="20878649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878649" title="Lainici Monastery">
Lainici Monastery

The Lainici Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located 32 km from Târgu Jiu.
History.
First mention of this monastery was in 14th siecle. The monastery was constructed during the reign of John Caradja Voivode between 1812 and 1817.

</doc>
<doc id="20878671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878671" title="Tetsuo Nishimoto">
Tetsuo Nishimoto

He was born in Hiroshima.
In 1972 he was part of the Japanese team which won the gold medal in the Olympic tournament. He played four matches.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Japanese team in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878676" title="Duke Street Capital">
Duke Street Capital

Duke Street is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in middle-market companies in Western Europe, particularly the UK and France.
The firm which is based in London was founded in 1988 as Hambro European Ventures, the private equity investment arm of Hambros Bank. The principals of the firm completed a spinout from Hambros in 1998, following the bank's sale to Société Générale, and changed name of the firm to Duke Street Capital and later Duke Street.
The firm has raised approximately £2.6 billion since inception across six private equity investment funds.
Among the firm's most notable investments are Wagamama, Gala Bingo, Equity Insurance Group, Burton's Foods, Esporta Health Clubs, Getty Images, The Original Factory Shop,LM Funerals, Marie Brizard, Megabowl Oasis, Great Mills and Payzone.

</doc>
<doc id="20878677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878677" title="International reaction to the Gaza War">
International reaction to the Gaza War

International reaction to the Gaza War came from many countries and international organisations. International reaction to the conflict was also notable in the level of civilian demonstrations all around the world, which in many cases displayed sentiment significantly different from the official government line.
Long term effects and reaction.
In the aftermath of the crisis, observers suggested Israel's diplomatic position and foreign reputation had been permanently tainted. The "New York Times" reported in March that Israel was "facing its worst diplomatic crisis in two decades." Other effects on Israel included: Its sports teams met hostility and violent protests in Sweden, Spain and Turkey. Mauritania closed Israel's embassy. Relations with Turkey, an important Muslim ally, deteriorated severely. A group of top international judges and human rights investigators called for an inquiry into Israel's actions in Gaza. "Israel Apartheid Week" drew participants in 54 cities around the world in March 2009, twice the number of last year, according to its organisers. "And even in the American Jewish community...there is a chill."
Official reactions.
Involved parties.
President Mahmoud Abbas blamed Hamas for triggering Israel's deadly raids on Gaza by not extending a six-month truce with Israel. Speaking from Cairo on December 28, 2008, he said that 'we ask[Hamas … not end the truce. Let the truce continue and not stop so that we could have avoided what happened'. Later he called Israeli attacks "barbaric and criminal aggression", and threatened to cut off negotiations with Israel.
Fathi Abu Moughli, the Palestinian minister of health, abruptly cut off the payments to Israeli hospitals for treatment of Palestinian patients, forcing hundreds of Palestinians to halt their treatments and cutting them off from proper medical care.
United Nations.
The United Nations Security Council issued a statement on December 28, 2008 calling, "for an immediate halt to all violence", the Arab League, and the European Union made similar calls, as did Argentina, Brazil, China, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, the Philippines, Russia, South Korea and Vietnam. Libya pushed to issue a Security Council Resolution urging for a cease-fire, an effort which the US blocked, citing the failure of the statement made December 28.
On January 9, 2009, the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1860 calling for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and a full Israeli withdrawal by 14 votes to one abstention (the United States), even though US diplomats had been involved in its drafting. Israel and Hamas both ignored calls for a ceasefire.
The United Nations General Assembly adopted Resolution ES-10/18 on January 16, 2009, calling for support of Security Council Resolution 1860. Only 3 countries (Israel, United States, Nauru) voted against the Resolution.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called for an immediate ceasefire and condemned both Israel and Hamas.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navanethem Pillay, called for independent investigations into possible war crimes committed by Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip.
Countries.
Most of the world condemned both belligerents, or neither of them, and simply called for peace or expressed concern for civilian casualties.
35 states condemned Israel's attacks exclusively. Three of them expressed support for Hamas' operations or defined them as falling within its right of resistance. Bolivia, Mauritania, Qatar, and Venezuela significantly downscaled or severed their relations with Israel in protest of the offensive.
Nineteen states, mostly in the western world, condemned Hamas' attacks exclusively. Thirteen of them expressed support for Israel's operations or defined them as falling within Israel's right to self-defense.
For detailed diplomatic responses, refer to the table below.
Others.
Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah has warned that there was a possibility of renewing another conflict. He stated that he was ready for another confrontation with Israel and had previously put all his fighters in the Israeli-Lebanese border on high alert.
Religious leaders.
South African Anglican Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu said Israel's bombardment of Gaza "bears all the hallmarks of war crimes. In the context of total aerial supremacy, in which one side in a conflict deploys lethal aircraft against opponents with no means of defending themselves, the bombardment bears all the hallmarks of war crimes." The attacks would not contribute to the security of Israel, he said.
Iraqi Shia leader Ali al-Sistani, called for decisive action by Arab and Muslim states for an end to Israeli attacks on Gaza. Though he condemned the operation, he stated that "supporting our brothers only with words is meaningless, considering the big tragedy they are facing."
Civilian demonstrations and protests.
Major protests against Israel were held worldwide. Protesters in London, Paris, Oslo, and other cities clashed with the police. Throughout the West Bank, daily demonstrations were held against the Israeli attacks. Some demonstrations developed to "violent" clashes between stone throwers and Israeli security forces. At least two Palestinians were killed by Israeli forces in the West Bank during protests against the offensive on Gaza: On January 4, a man among a crowd in Qalqilya who clashed with Israeli forces was shot dead, while on January 16, a teenager died after being shot in the head during a demonstration in Hebron. The Palestinian Center For Human Rights (PCHR) reported that between January 15 and January 21, 36 others, including 16 children, were wounded by Israeli forces in the West Bank in various protests against the offensive. There were global isolated attacks against Jewish and Israeli targets. Over 300 Israeli websites were hacked and defaced with anti-Israeli and anti-US messages during the first days of the conflict. In France, anti-Jewish and anti-Muslim attacks spiked after December 27. and similar increase in attacks happened in the United Kingdom and Sweden.
On January 10, a new wave of protests were held in Europe. In London, an estimated 100,000 people protested against the Israeli attacks. Further protests were held across Europe. Nearly 10,000 gathered in New York City on January 11 to support Israel. In the United States, a McClatchy / Ipsos poll showed that 44% of the general public favored the Israeli operation, while a CNN poll showed that 63% thought Israeli military operation was justified. CNN also reported that 75% of Republicans and 52% of Democrats held this view, though Newsweek found 55% of Republicans and 45% of Democrats approved of Israeli actions. In the Jewish community, the ADL showed that 79% felt the Israeli response was appropriate.
Many demonstrations against the strikes occurred in cities around the world, and in Israel protests both for and against the strikes were held. In Egypt, the protests caused the government to reopen the Rafah border crossing to allow the delivery of food and medicine to the Gaza Strip.
The largest protest, of up to a million people, was held at a government organised event in Damascus on January 7. On December the 10th, a new wave of protests were held in Europe. In London, 50,000 people marched to the Israeli embassy - the largest ever pro-Palestinian demonstration in the UK. In Paris 30,000 people marched with banners reading 'We are all children of Gaza'. Further protests were held across Europe.
The Israeli peace movement Gush Shalom condemned the war; they marched in Tel-Aviv in a massive demonstration.
Demonstrations condemning the Israeli offensive.
Protests were held in the following cities. A number of student 'sit-in's were also organised, calling upon university authorities to condemn the Israeli bombing of educational institutions in Gaza.
"Note: The table can be sorted alphabetically or chronologically using the "><" icon."
"Size figures are according to police estimates. Other estimates are noted in the "Notes" box."
Demonstrations supporting Israel.
"Note: The table can be sorted alphabetically or chronologically using the "><" icon."
Artists' response.
Theatre plays.
Short plays written in response to Seven Jewish Children

</doc>
<doc id="20878679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878679" title="Renat Gafurov">
Renat Gafurov

Renat Zaytunovich Gafurov () (born October 8 1982) is a Russian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Russia national team. Gafurov won 2009 Individual European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20878681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878681" title="Kasper Jensen">
Kasper Jensen

Kasper Jensen (born 7 October 1982) is a Danish footballer who currently plays for Silkeborg IF.
International career.
Jensen is former youth international player and played for the U-16, U-17 and U-19 in 4 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878687" title="Leif Davidsen">
Leif Davidsen

Leif Davidsen (born 25 July 1950 in Otterup) is a Danish author. Educated as a journalist, in 1977 he started working in Spain as a freelance journalist for Danmarks Radio. In 1980 he began covering Soviet news with frequent news reports to Danmarks Radio from Russia. From 1984 to 1988 he was stationed in Moscow. As a journalist he has travelled extensively around the world. When Davidsen returned to Denmark he became chief editor of Danmarks Radio's foreign news desk. From 1996 he edited a TV series called “Danish Dream” about Denmark today. In 1991 he won the Danish booksellers award De Gyldne Laurbær (The Golden Laurel) for his book "Den sidste spion". In 1999, he became a full-time writer.
Principal works.
Davidsen writes political thrillers, which depict life of modern man in a changing world. Even if many of the characters are of Danish origin, the settings of the stories are often abroad. Davidsen published his first book "Uhellige alliancer" or The Sardine Deception in 1984. It is a story of intrigue in the Spanish Basque Country shortly after Franco's death. Other works include:

</doc>
<doc id="20878692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878692" title="Doruma">
Doruma

Doruma is a city in the northeastern regions of the Haut-Uele District, Orientale Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
It is near the border with South Sudan.
History.
The people of Dungu and Doruma in recent times have fallen victims to Joseph Kony's Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) killing of civilians, house burning and rape.
For many years, in the Haut Uélé District of DR Congo, the LRA rebel group plunders villages. Since December 2008, the Ugandan Army came to support the Congolese Army to eradicate such rebel group. Following a strong military action from the armies, the rebels dispersed in the region and kept on plundering villages in little groups. Such situation caused the population to panic and to seek refuge in the bush, in towns like Dungu and Doruma, or even farther south.
Since the end of December 2008, the LRA came closer to Doruma, and its strategy shifted from the plunder of villages to kidnap 11 to 17 year old children to enlist as child-soldiers, to the mere massacre of the local populations. 189 dead and 111 disappeared were reported on 24 December 2008, along with tortures of children and fires in the bush and in the fields, to prevent the population from running away.
In such a context, the town of Doruma, protected by the Congolese and Ugandan armies, and normally hosting around 6,000 inhabitants, came to host in one month more than 17,000 Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) from neighbouring locations, arriving deprived from any personal belonging.
Transportation.
The town is served by Doruma Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20878701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878701" title="Yasuhiro Noguchi">
Yasuhiro Noguchi

In 1972, he was part of the Japanese team which won the gold medal in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878709" title="Romualdas Vinojinidis">
Romualdas Vinojinidis

Romualdas Vinojinidis is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s. He won a silver medal at the 1973 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Tampere, Finland in the C-1 1000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20878715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878715" title="Charles Lockwood (author)">
Charles Lockwood (author)

Charles Lockwood (August 31, 1948 – March 28, 2012) was an American writer and consultant on green business strategies. Born in Washington, D.C., Lockwood received a Bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University, in 1970.
Career.
As a historian and journalist from 1970 to 1985, he has written articles for the "New York Times", "Society of Architectural Historians", "Smithsonian", and other publications, ranging from architecture and real estate to urban history. During these 15 years, he wrote six books on U.S. architecture and cities. In 1973, he received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Lockwood became a real estate consultant in 1985. He provided consulting services to architectural firms, real estate companies, and professional services firms. During this period until 2003, he continued to publish articles on architecture and real estate, for major publications including the "New York Times" and the "Wall Street Journal". He co-authored (with Christopher B. Leinberger) two cover stories for the "Atlantic Monthly": "How Business is Reshaping America" - which identified the emergence of “urban villages”, also known as “edge cities"-- mixed-use suburban developments, and "Los Angeles Comes of Age" in 1988, which he discussed Los Angeles’ emergence as a major world city.
Since 2003, Lockwood has advised clients on corporate sustainability issues, and was a regular keynote speaker. His article “Building the Green Way” was published in the June 2006 "Harvard Business Review".

</doc>
<doc id="20878721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878721" title="Urania Mella Serrano">
Urania Mella Serrano

Urania Mella Serrano, (Vigo, 1900 - Lugo, 1945) was a Galician politician, and forerunner of the women's associationism. His father was the anarchist intellectual Ricardo Mella Cea, and his mother, Esperanza Serrano, was the daughter of Juan Serrano Oteiza, a well-known anarchist from Madrid and founder of the magazine "Revista Social". Urania was president of the viguese branch of the Union of Antifascist Women.

</doc>
<doc id="20878730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878730" title="Podgora pri Dolskem">
Podgora pri Dolskem

Podgora pri Dolskem is a small settlement northeast of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Podgora" to "Podgora pri Dolskem" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20878732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878732" title="List of Exiles characters">
List of Exiles characters

"Exiles" and "New Exiles" were comic book series which featured an ensemble cast of Marvel Comics characters. "Exiles" vol. 1 featured the fictional teams of the eponymous Exiles and rival Weapon X, both of which had a revolving cast, most often rotating under the plot device of character death. The characters were either previous established or new re-imagings of established characters.
Weapon X, Wolverines, Quentin Quire, and other teams.
Weapon X was an alternate, more violent team recruited by the Timebroker to deal with more gruesome missions. After the Timebreakers fired the original Exiles Team, they gathered multiple squads consisting solely of alternate versions of Wolverine. The last Wolverine squad was formed in "Exiles" #85 and consisted the members listed below. Another team led by Quentin Quire was created by Blink to fix a world where heroes had died but this time was left in one dimension and was never meant to travel through other. Finally, several teams were shown in "Exiles" (vol 3) #6 but responded to other Timebrokers.
Wolverine squads.
The mission of these Wolverine Teams was to eliminate the Brother Mutant, but Brother Mutant captured and hypnotized them. Finally, the last Wolverine team manages to kill the Brother Mutant, with the help of the first Exiles team. In the end, seventeen Wolverines perished during the fight. James Howlett was the only member sent home.
Quentin Quire's Exiles.
Their mission was to save Quentin's world by replacing heroes who had died.
Other characters.
In "Exiles" there has been a number of other characters including special heroes and villains; some of them are even significant in more than one reality and/or story.
Line-ups.
The Exiles' line-up is known to change quite often, here is a list of its various compositions:
"By issue number"
See also.
Exiles

</doc>
<doc id="20878748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878748" title="J. Richard Blankenship">
J. Richard Blankenship

J. Richard Blankenship(born September 2, 1949) previously served as the United States Ambassador to the Bahamas. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate and was appointed by President George W. Bush in the Spring of 2001.[http://www.bahamasb2b.com/news/wmview.php?ArtID=1901]
Before becoming Ambassador Richard Blankenship was a partner in the Capital South Group, an investment banking firm whose home office was in Jacksonville, Florida, and a close friend of Jeb Bush, former Governor of Florida and brother of President of George W. Bush. He is currently the managing Director of Global Investment Advisers, an international business consulting group. He also served as President and CFO of St. John's Capital, a regional firm with offices in the south-east. He was educated at Florida State University and the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.[http://www.state.gov/outofdate/bios/b/7052.htm] Blankenship writes a syndicated column for newspapers in the Caribbean and his writings on reorganization of government can frequently be found on conservative web sites. 
He was often seen cruising the streets of Nassau in his State Department vehicle, with flags flying as an indication the safety of U.S. citizens was paramount and to those who participated in the illicit smuggling of narcotics, America was again active and effective in prosecuting those individuals. While serving in the Bahamas, Blankenship became best known for his emphasis on drug interdiction. Under his leadership, a record amounts of cocaine were seized and more drug smugglers extradited to the United States than in the entire relationship between the Bahamas and United States. Notable in his efforts was the added use of electronic intelligence gathering and small guerrilla actions against the cartels, which the US Coast Guard in joint efforts with the DEA had been practicing for some time ineffectively. 
Blankenship could often be found in the producing countries of South America coordinating operations, in the jungles or on isolated islands with law enforcement authorities. He was referred to as the "no nonsense diplomat" by the Nassau Tribune after exposing a ten year cover-up of a Royal Bahamian Defense Force theft of cocaine used in an undercover operation. Some Mexican Government officials believe the smuggling routes thru Mexico were established because of the increased emphasis Blankenship brought to interdiction efforts in the Caribbean. 
It is thought Global Investment Advisers is currently involved with interdiction efforts of governments in the Caribbean and South America. It is known Global Investment Advisers has clients in Mexico and is conducting intelligence gathering, according to Mexican Police Authorities. Blankenship, located in Mexico City, would neither confirm or deny any information about Global Investment Advisers' clients. Ambassador Blankenship is also listed as the Managing Director of Global Policy Advisers, a partnership providing foreign policy advice to U.S. clients. 

</doc>
<doc id="20878752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878752" title="Hans Benno Bernoulli">
Hans Benno Bernoulli

Hans Benno Bernoulli (17 February 1876 – 12 September 1959) was a famous Swiss architect.
Biography.
Bernoulli was born in Basel, the son of an office clerk, Theodor Bernoulli. Hans Bernoulli was an urban estate planner and builder, and became a professor in further education (ETH).
The suffragette and feminist Elisabeth Bernoulli (1873–1935) was Hans Bernoulli's sister. 
In 1904 Hans Bernoulli married Anna Ziegler in Berlin. In 1912 he was appointed "chief architect" for the Basler building industry.
Career.
Hans Benno Bernoulli's most important housing development projects were:
After the Second World War his main projects were in rebuilding the bombed and destroyed cities.
Hans Benno Bernoulli died aged 83 in Basel.

</doc>
<doc id="20878760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878760" title="Histamiini">
Histamiini

Histamiini is a small horse which has become familiar from the television and Raili Mikkanen's children's books. Histamiini's most famous appearances are in the TV Christmas Calendar in 1980 and 1985. Histamiini's signature phrase is "Klip-klop, klip-klop, hevonen on pop" ("Clip-clop, clip-clop, a horse is pop").

</doc>
<doc id="20878776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878776" title="Senožeti, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Senožeti, Dol pri Ljubljani

Senožeti () is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20878798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878798" title="Dominick Kumbela">
Dominick Kumbela

Domi Kumbela (born 20 April 1984 in Kinshasa), also known by his nickname Dominick, is a DR Congolese football player currently playing for Eintracht Braunschweig in the Bundesliga.
Career.
Kumbela began his senior career at 1. FC Kaiserslautern's reserve side. After the club cancelled his contract in 2005 for cannabis use, Kumbela joined Regionalliga Nord side FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt. He was fired by Erfurt in 2007, when he was charged with battery after a night club brawl, an incident for which he was later sentenced to probation and a 16,000 Euro fine. Kumbela went on to play for Eintracht Braunschweig and SC Paderborn 07. After being released from Paderborn on 7 July 2009, he signed a contract with Rot Weiss Ahlen two days later. After six months in Ahlen he returned to Eintracht Braunschweig on 8 January 2010. During his second stint in Braunschweig, Kumbela became a prolific goal scorer for the club and contributed significantly to his team's promotions from the 3. Liga to the 2. Bundesliga in 2011, and from the 2. Bundesliga to the Bundesliga in 2013.
International career.
In December 2012 Kumbela was included in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's preliminary squad for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations in South Africa, but declined the invitation to concentrate on club football.
Personal life.
In 2013, Kumbela took part in the anti-racism campaign "Elf gegen Rassismus" for "Show Racism the Red Card Deutschland".

</doc>
<doc id="20878802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878802" title="Heinrich Debus">
Heinrich Debus

Heinrich Debus (30 June 1921 — 5 March 1996) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Heinrich Debus was born on the 30 June 1921, in Eckelshausen.
He volunteered to join the SS in June 1940 (SS number 316.063) and was promoted to Unterscharführer (Corporal) in January 1941.
He was selected to become an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule Bad Tölz between November 1941 and April 1942.
After graduation and promotion to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) he was posted to the SS Division"Wiking" in June 1942.
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in August 1942 and the 1st class in February 1943.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross while second in command of the 5th SS Reconnaissance Battalion in May 1944.
Debus Survived the war and died on the 5 March 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20878803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878803" title="The Electric Horseman (album)">
The Electric Horseman (album)

The Electric Horseman is a 1979 album by country singer Willie Nelson and the soundtrack to the Sydney Pollack film "The Electric Horseman". 

</doc>
<doc id="20878826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878826" title="Wauton Samuel">
Wauton Samuel

Wauton Samuel & Co Ltd is a company supplying student information systems to schools and local authorities in England. Founded in 1994, Wauton Samuel became a limited company in 1999 and operates in the same market as larger companies such as SIMS.net. The company predominately supplies primary schools in the London area. The introduction of innovative products is a priority aim and objective for the company.In 2008 Wauton Samuel were awarded a local business award. The award was 'Best use of innovation' for the development of its range of data management software solutions for schools and voluntary organisations.
DCSF.
The company's technical staff, alongside other companies, attend consultative meetings with the DCSF about information management systems in schools. Wauton Samuel is signatory to the Memorandum of Understanding between the DCSF and student information system suppliers, which inter alia aims to reduce the burden of data collection in schools. The company is a member of SIFA and supports the use of the Schools Interoperability Framework in the United Kingdom. The DCSF, DIUS and Becta recommend the adoption and use of SIF.

</doc>
<doc id="20878835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878835" title="Videm, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Videm, Dol pri Ljubljani

Videm is a settlement next to Dol pri Ljubljani in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20878838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878838" title="Mōdraniht">
Mōdraniht

Mōdraniht (Old English "Night of the Mothers" or "Mothers'-night") was an event held at what is now Christmas Eve by the Anglo-Saxon Pagans where a sacrifice may have been made. The event is attested by the medieval English historian Bede in his 8th-century Latin work "De temporum ratione". Scholars have proposed connections between the Anglo-Saxon Mōdraniht and events attested among other Germanic peoples (specifically those involving the dísir, collective female beings, and Yule) and the Germanic Matres and Matrones, female beings attested by way of altar and votive inscriptions, nearly always appearing in trios.
Attestation.
In "De temporum ratione", Bede writes that the pagan Anglo-Saxons:
Theories and interpretations.
Scholars have linked these "Modra" ("Mothers") with the Germanic Matres and Matrones. Rudolf Simek says that Mōdraniht "as a Germanic sacrificial festival should be associated with the Matron cult of the West Germanic peoples on the one hand, and to the "dísablót" and the Disting already known from medieval Scandinavia on the other hand and is chronologically to be seen as a connecting link between these Germanic forms of cult." Scholars have placed the event as a part of the Germanic winter period of Yule.
Regarding Bede's attestation, scholar Philip A. Shaw (2011) comments that "the fact that Bede's "modranect" can be to some extent confirmed by the Romano-Germanic votive inscriptions to matrons does at least indicate that we should not be too quick to dismiss the other evidence he provides for Anglo-Saxon deities".

</doc>
<doc id="20878839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878839" title="Milan Čuda">
Milan Čuda

Milan Čuda (born September 22, 1939) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878844" title="Danny Shea (footballer)">
Danny Shea (footballer)

Danny Shea (6 November 1887 – 25 December 1960) was a footballer who played as an inside-forward.
Football career.
West Ham United.
Born in Wapping, England, Shea played for the Builders Arms pub in Stratford, as well as other local teams Pearl United and Manor Park Albion, when he was discovered by West Ham United boss Charlie Paynter. He joined the Hammers in 1907, making his debut as an amateur against Norwich City in a December Southern League game and – replacing Billy Grassam in the position – was the club's top scorer for five consecutive seasons between 1908 and 1912. During the 1908-09 season, his 20 goals in 49 appearances included all four in a game against Plymouth Argyle, and a hat-trick in a 4-2 win over Swindon Town. His best was yet to come though; in the 1909-10 season, Shea scored 31 goals in 43 appearances. The following season, he managed 28 goals in 39 appearances, including four against Southend United on 31 December 1910. He scored twice in an FA Cup game against Nottingham Forest on 14 January 1911, although he admitted afterwards that he had taken full advantage of the dense fog: ""I punched both goals into the net in full view of several opponents"".
In 1911-12, Shea managed another two hat-tricks – against Brentford in a 7-4 win on 21 October 1911, and Norwich City in a 4-0 win on 5 April 1912 – to make it 24 goals in 41 appearances that season. He formed a great partnership with Fred Harrison and together they scored 40 goals in the season. As Shea's stock continued to rise, other clubs could not fail to notice the qualities of the skillful ball player and prolific scorer, and he was described by one football writer as having an ""uncanny ability to pass to himself"". He transferred to Blackburn Rovers half-way through the 1912-13 season for a then-record fee of £2000. Despite this, he still managed to appear as the east London club's top scorer for that season, totalling 15 goals in 15 league and cup games.
Blackburn Rovers.
His time at Blackburn was interrupted by World War I, but he scored regularly and his 27 goals (together with Eddie Latheron's 13) in 1913-14 helped the club win the Football League Division One championship that season. He also gained three caps for England and represented the Football League while at the club. During the war, he returned to West Ham and made 73 London Combination appearances for the club and scored a total of 63 goals, including a run of 32 goals in 32 appearances. He also played for Birmingham and Fulham, where he scored 19 goals in 36 games. In January 1919, he made one appearance for Celtic and so renowned was Shea that Patsy Gallacher was moved to outside-right to accommodate him. He also appeared for Nottingham Forest, where he was in the Victory Shield Final team that beat Everton 1-0 on 17 May 1919.
After the War, Shea continued to play for Blackburn until 1920 and gained a further two England caps in Victory International games against Scotland.
Later career.
He then returned for another spell at Upton Park, but only managed 16 appearances and one goal before moving to Fulham, where he scored 24 in 107 league and cup appearances. Team-mate Peter Garigan once said of him: ""At Fulham in 1920-21, I had as my inside-right one of the greatest ball artists who has ever played for England - Danny Shea. His manipulation was bewildering. He was the Prince of Partners', the intellectual footballer"". He went on to play for Coventry City and Clapton Orient, before seeing out his playing days at Sheppey United.
Coaching career.
After retirement, Shea coached at Winterthur in Switzerland and was at Woking in the late 1920s. He later became a publican.

</doc>
<doc id="20878854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878854" title="Zdeněk Humhal">
Zdeněk Humhal

Zdeněk Humhal (born December 30, 1933) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878865" title="NWA Alabama Heavyweight Championship">
NWA Alabama Heavyweight Championship

The NWA Alabama Heavyweight Championship was created in October, 1962. Since its creation, the championship has been defended in a number of NWA territories throughout the decades.
Initially, the title was a part of Gulf Coast Championship Wrestling (GCCW) and later Southeastern Championship Wrestling (SCW), which became Continental Championship Wrestling (CCW) in 1985. It is unclear exactly when the championship moved to SCW/CCW, however it was sometime between December 1977 and November 1980. The title stayed there until CCW left the NWA to join the American Wrestling Association (AWA) in 1988.
The championship was then shortly picked up by Alabama Pro Wrestling (APW, now NWA Xtreme) as its major title in May 2001. The title then became again inactive in November 2002, when APW created its own Heavyweight Championship.
Title history.
"Silver areas in the history indicate periods of unknown lineage."

</doc>
<doc id="20878874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878874" title="Clemson Tigers Sports Network">
Clemson Tigers Sports Network

Clemson Tigers Sports Network (CTSN) is a subsidiary of Clemson Tigers Sports Properties and is the official media rights holder for Clemson University Athletics. CTSN is a joint venture between Learfield Sports and ISP Sports.
Television.
Coach's Show.
CTSN produces a weekly coach's show for football and basketball. Hosted by Pete Yanity, the show reviews the past week's activity in each sport. The coach plays an active role on the show discussing the team's performance.
Radio.
CTSN is available on a wide range of radio stations across the southeast, namely South Carolina. All Football and Men's Basketball games are also broadcast nation-wide on XM Satellite Radio as well as Sirius Satellite Radio for those with the "Best of XM" package.

</doc>
<doc id="20878875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878875" title="Pace-Finletter MOU 1952">
Pace-Finletter MOU 1952

On 4 November 1952, a memorandum of understanding (MOU) was signed between United States Air Force Secretary Thomas K. Finletter and United States Army Secretary Frank Pace that removed the weight restrictions on helicopters that the U.S. Army could use. It also widened the range of tasks the Army's helicopters could be used for. However, it also created an arbitrary 5,000 pounds weight restriction that limits the Army's ability to fly fixed-wing aircraft. As a result, the U.S. Army today is dependent upon the U.S. Air Force to purchase and man fixed-wing ground-attack aircraft to fulfill close air support missions. 
"...that established a fixed wing weight limit (for the Army) of five thousand pounds empty, but weight restrictions on helicopters were eliminated..." (Pushing the Envelope, pg. 196)
Background.
One of the consequences of President Harry S Truman creating the modern U.S. Defense Department was the splitting off of the U.S. Army Air Corps from the U.S. Army, and creating the U.S. Air Force. With the Air Force's natural inclination towards Air Superiority and Strategic (i.e., nuclear) priorities, the Army wanted some air capabilities of its own. However, this would mean the duplication of some resources between the Army and Air Force. Eventually there came to be a meeting between Air Force Secretary Thomas K. Finletter and Army Secretary Frank Pace resulted in the Pace-Finletter MOU of 4 November 1952. 
The previous Agreement of 2 October 1951 that was not able to resolve issues as the 4 November 1952 MOU did.
This MOU built upon the Key West Agreement.
The agreement.
The agreement read:
Consequences.
Some people "credit" this agreement for the Army's having been freed up to develop the Helicopter-based United States Army Aviation Branch that had been established in 1947.
Other people "blame" this agreement for the Air Force's perceived ignoring the needs of (Air to) Ground Support other than the A-10 Thunderbolt II or "Warthog".
The Air Force had tried to retire and/or transfer to the Reserves its entire A-10 fleet, replacing them with the F-16 Fighting Falcon, just before the First Gulf War. The First Gulf War proved the value of the A-10 in the CAS (Close Air Support) role, while also showing the limitations of the F-16 as a CAS aircraft.
External links.
Tangential.
One consequence of the MOU was a lack of enthusiasm for Close air support alternatives such as the (two-seat) N/AW A-10B Warthog: 

</doc>
<doc id="20878877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878877" title="Giant African threadfin">
Giant African threadfin

Giant African threadfin ("Polydactylus quadrifilis") is a fish species in the family Polynemidae. There are two varieties: one freshwater and one saltwater. Both have white flesh and are cooked similarly to European seabass.

</doc>
<doc id="20878887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878887" title="Vinje, Dol pri Ljubljani">
Vinje, Dol pri Ljubljani

Vinje () is a dispersed settlement north of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20878898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878898" title="Tama County Courthouse">
Tama County Courthouse

The Tama County Courthouse is located in Toledo, Iowa. It was built in 1866 and is on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20878909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878909" title="Karel Paulus">
Karel Paulus

Karel Paulus (January 3, 1933 – October 31, 2003) was a Czech volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dolní Brusnice, Trutnov District and died in Bílá Třemešná, Trutnov District.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878926" title="Pellefant">
Pellefant

Pellefant is a Swedish comic book character, a blue living toy elephant. He was created by Rune Andréasson.
Pellefant's first appearance was in Andréasson's book "Pellefant i Gottlandet" ("Pellefant in Candyland"), which was written in the 1940s and published in 1954. Pellefant got his own comic book series from 1965 to 1993, although Andréasson very early left both illustration and scriptwriting over to others, first to Gösta Gummesson and the Dane Gil Johansen, and also Georges Bess during his stay in Sweden.
Pellefant has appeared in Finland in the 1980s and 1990s in his own comic book series, and also for a short time in the "Bamse" comic book.

</doc>
<doc id="20878935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878935" title="2004 FIBA Asia Champions Cup">
2004 FIBA Asia Champions Cup

The FIBA Asia Champions Cup 2004 was the 15th staging of the FIBA Asia Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of FIBA Asia. The tournament was held in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates between May 15, 2004 and May 22.

</doc>
<doc id="20878943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878943" title="Klaus Zeisler">
Klaus Zeisler

Klaus Zeisler is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1970s. He won two silver medals at the 1974 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mexico City, earning them in the C-1 500 m and C-1 1000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20878965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878965" title="Boris Perušič">
Boris Perušič

Boris Perušič (born July 27, 1940) is a Czech former volleyball player of Croatian descent who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Zagreb.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20878968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878968" title="Correct sampling">
Correct sampling

During sampling of granular materials (whether airborne, suspended in liquid, aerosol, or aggragated), correct sampling is defined in Gy's sampling theory as a sampling scenario in which all particles in a population have the same probability of ending up in the sample.
The concentration of the property of interest in a sample can be a biased estimate for the concentration of the property of interest in the population from which the sample is drawn. Although generally non-zero, for correct sampling this bias is thought to be negligible.

</doc>
<doc id="20878977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878977" title="Family Bible (Willie Nelson album)">
Family Bible (Willie Nelson album)

Family Bible is a 1980 album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20878980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878980" title="C.D. Guadalajara">
C.D. Guadalajara

Club Deportivo Guadalajara (); often simply known as Guadalajara , and commonly known as Chivas ) is a Mexican professional football club based in Guadalajara, Jalisco. Guadalajara plays in the Liga MX with 11 First Division titles, 7 Campeón de Campeones, 1 InterLiga, 1 Copa Challenger, 4 Copa Oros de Occidente, and 2 Copa México. Guadalajara is one of the ten founding members of the Mexican First Division and along with longstanding rivals Club América, it has never been relegated to the second-tier division. Most recently, Guadalajara is the runner-up of the 2010 Copa Libertadores, a feat tying with fellow Mexican club Cruz Azul in 2001.
Guadalajara is the only football club in Mexico to exclusively field Mexican players. The team has constantly emphasized home-grown (cantera) players and has been the launching pad of many internationally successful players, including Javier Hernández, Carlos Vela, Omar Bravo, and Carlos Salcido among others. The team's three colors (red, white, and blue) symbolize "Fraternity, Union, and Sports". The team mascot, as well as their nickname, is the goat or "chiva". Chivas is one of Mexico's most successful and popular teams, and holds the Mexican league record for the longest winning streak at the beginning of a season, with 8 consecutive wins.
History.
History.
The team was founded by Edgar Everaert, who arrived in Mexico in 1904. Their kit was modeled on that of the founder's favourite team, the Belgian Club Brugge K.V., borrowing the vertical stripes and colour scheme of the Brugge strip in that era (Brugge has since changed their team colours). Some historians assert that the colours came from the French Tricolour because some of the club's first players were French. The first team comprised Mexican, Belgian and French players, named "Union" because of the camaraderie between the players of different nationalities, most of whom were employees of the Fábricas de Francia store, with founder Everaert as coach. A few Spanish and English also became members of the Unión Football Club.
On a tour of Europe, Everaert noticed that European teams named after their respective town or city seemed to generate more support from fans in their communities. So, in 1908, with the approval of Everaert and the players, Club de Futbol Union was renamed as Club Deportivo Guadalajara to engender a sense of loyalty within the city's population. In 1908, it was also decided that the team would only field Mexican-born players because of the growing sense of oppression Mexican nationals felt towards non-Mexican nationals. Following the aftermath of the Mexican Revolution, amateur football tournaments throughout the country flourished and Guadalajara was always involved. Between 1906 and 1943 (the amateur era of Mexican football and the Primera Fuerza), Guadalajara won 13 amateur titles, the first in 1908. Also during this period, the oldest rivalry in Mexican football began to form, between Guadalajara and F.C. Atlas.
Professional Era, El Ya Merito 1943–1953.
In 1943 the Liga Mayor was founded after the merging of several regional leagues and the era of professional football began. Guadalajara struggled during the early years, with the exception of the 1948–49 season when they finished third. This same year Guadalajara was given the name ""chivas locas"" (crazy goats) during a game against Atlas. The name was initially considered an insult, but later adopted as the team's nickname due to the overwhelming popularity of the club. During the 1951–52 and 1954–55 seasons, the team finished as runner-up in the league, leading to the nickname ""ya merito"" ("almost there!").
El Campeonísimo 1955–1970.
During the 1956 season, players such as Salvador "Chava" Reyes, Jaime "El Tubo" Gomez, Isidoro Lopez, and Jose Villegas were part of what is considered one of the finest teams in Mexican football history, El Campeonísimo. Guadalajara won its first championship during this season due to a last minute goal scored by Salvador Reyes. Led by coaches such as Donald Russ and Javier de la Torre in subsequent years, the team won seven league championships, two cups, three CONCACAF titles and seven Champion of Champions titles. It was the only team in Mexico's football history to win four league championships in a row, during the 1958–59, 1959–60, 1960–61, and 1961–62 seasons. El Campeonísimo became internationally recognized and, in 1964 played several matches in Europe against such teams as FC Barcelona, Werder Bremen, and Lille Olympique, resulting in two victories, four draws and four losses for the team.
The Dark Era 1971–1983.
During the 1970s and early 1980s, Guadalajara struggled. The best they could manage was to reach the play-offs twice, with a fifth place finish in 1971–72 and a sixth place finish in 1976–77.
The Resurrection 1983–1991.
During 1980–81 season, the team reached a third-place ranking. During the 1981–82 season, a tragic road accident took the life of team member José Martínez. The team finished the season in seventeenth place.
The Club then hired coach Alberto Guerra, who had been a player for Guadalajara during the mid '60s. During the 1982–83 season, Guadalajara finished seventh in the league and qualified for the playoffs, going on to eliminate Atlante F.C. in quarter-finals and Club América in Semifinals. The team reached the Finals for the first time since the playoff format was introduced in the '70s, where it would go on to lose to Puebla F.C. in a penalty shootout. Guadalajara would once again reach the Finals in 1983–84, only to lose to America by an aggregate score of 5–4. However they would continue being very competitive the rest of the '80s and early '90s., with their very best performance on the 1986–87 season, where they would finish 1st in the regular season and win the Championship against Cruz Azul in the final. Their best players during this time were Benjamín Galindo, Eduardo De La Torre|Eduardo "Yayo" De La Torre, José Manuel De La Torre, Fernando Quirarte, Javier Aguirre among other.
"La Promotora" Era 1992-02.
By the end of the 1980s, Guadalajara began to experience financial troubles. Team directors decided to create a special financial sector that would be known as La Promotora Deportiva. The team would be "sold" for 10 years starting in 1992 to a petroleum executive named Salvador Martinez Garza, who would be in charge of the "Promotora" and of team operations. Before Guadalajara began its new era under the "Promotora", the team began the 1990s in average form, reaching the Semifinals in 90–91, reaching the Quarterfinals in 91–92, and finishing in thirteenth place in 92–93.
The new directors decided to bring back Guadalajara's champion coach in 1986–87 Alberto Guerra and purchase many players that would become icons for Guadalajara in the early '90s: "Missael Espinoza", "Alberto "Guameru" Garcia", and "Alberto Coyote". The team also decided that it would rely on young talent from its basic training schools. Such talent included "Paulo Cesar "Tilon" Chavez" and "Joel "Tiburon" Sanchez". At the beginning of the 93–94 season, the press and fans dubbed the new and improved team "Las Superchivas". However, despite expectations, the team was eliminated early on in the playoffs. The 94–95 season would bring about more change for the team. Guadalajara hired player Ramón Ramírez. Also at the start of the season, directors sold all television rights of the team to Mexican giant Televisa, a move that was heavily criticized by fans because of Televisa's ownership of Club América. Guadalajara would end the 1993–1994 regular season as the leader in the league table, but was narrowly defeated by Club Necaxa in Semis. The 96–97 season saw the exit of coach Alberto Guerra, being replaced by the Dutchman Leo Beenhakker. The team failed to make the playoffs that season.
By 1996, the Primera División de México season format would be changed to two short seasons per year. The first of the seasons, Invierno 1996, saw Guadalajara bring in another coach, Brazilian Ricardo Ferretti. During Ferretti's first season, the team managed to reach third place in the league table, but would be eliminated by Club Necaxa in the Quarterfinals. Guadalajara won its 10th championship under Ferretti in the Verano 1997 season against Toros Neza with the aggregate score of 7–2. Guadalajara would once again reach the Finals in the Invierno 1998 season, only to once again lose to Necaxa. The fans criticized the sale of player Ramon Ramirez to Club América.
Jorge Vergara Era 2002–present.
After its tenth year in charge of Guadalajara, "La Promotora" was still in debt and finally put up for sale. On 31 October 2002, the team was acquired by a Guadalajara native and self-made entrepreneur, Jorge Vergara. Vergara was the founder of a dietary supplement company named Omnilife. Vergara hired directors that would be in charge of handling business affairs. He also removed all sponsorship from Guadalajara's jersey; the jersey has since had limited sponsorship.
In order to establish funding for the team, Vergara sought to market the "Las Chivas" name and capitalize on it, placing the name on anything from its own magazine to toothbrushes and its own brand of cola.
For the Clausura 2003 season, Guadalajara hired "Eduardo "Yayo" de la Torre", who had played for the team in the 1980s. The Apertura 2003 season would see poor results in the first half of the tournament, putting an end to ""Yayo" de la Torre's" tenure as coach. Coaching responsibilities would be temporarily assumed by Dutchman Hans Westerhof (who was in charge of the team's basic training school) and the team would barely qualify for a wild card showdown against Club Deportivo Toluca, but was subsequently eliminated. For the Apertura 2004, Guadalajara would display an offensive style of football and managed to place third in the league standings, qualifying for the playoffs. Players such as goalkeeper Oswaldo Sánchez, Ramon Morales, Omar Bravo, and newly acquired Adolfo Bautista, became instant fan favorites. They defeated Atlante F.C. in the Quarterfinals and Toluca in the Semifinals, but would lose in the Finals against Pumas UNAM in a penalty shootout. Nevertheless, the team had shown, since Vergara's arrival, that it was highly competitive, including in the 2005 Copa Libertadores, where it defeated favorites Boca Juniors 4–0 agg. to reach Semis.
Under coach "José Manuel "Chepo" de la Torre", who was also a player for Guadalajara in the 1980s, the team won its 11th championship. For the Apertura 2006 season, Las Chivas placed eighth in the league table and qualified for the knock-out round (the "Liguilla") by defeating Veracruz 2–1 in Veracruz and 4–0 in the Estadio Jalisco in a wild card series. Guadalajara advanced to the Quarterfinals where it defeated first place qualified Cruz Azul 2–0 in the first leg and tied 2–2 in the second leg (4–2 aggregate), moving on to the semi-finals against rivals Club América.
These wins allowed Las Chivas to advance to the final of the Primera División against Toluca. The first match was played at Estadio Jalisco, in which Toluca and Las Chivas tied 1–1 with goals from Omar Bravo for Las Chivas and Bruno Marioni for Toluca. On 10 December 2006, Las Chivas played at Toluca's home stadium Estadio Nemesio Díez and won 2–1 (3–2 aggregate), thus becoming the Mexican League champions, holding 11 titles, the most titles of any team in the league. The first goal was scored by Francisco Javier Rodriguez, and the second was by Adolfo Bautista. Bautista dedicated his goal and his team's victory to his mother, who had died shortly before. This championship was goalkeeper Oswaldo Sánchez's first in his career. After the Apertura 2006 championship the team has gone through a series of changes beginning with the departure of players like Oswaldo Sánchez, Adolfo Bautista, and Omar Bravo who went to play to Spain but returned later, however new faces like Jared Borgetti, Carlos Ochoa who these two left the team later and Sergio Amaury Ponce came to the team. José Manuel de la Torre was fired in the Apertura 2007 tournament and replaced by Efrain Flores who coached until being replaced first by Omar Arellano Nuño who only coached one league game and two Copa Libertadores games, and then being replaced by Francisco Ramirez who had an unsuccessful period as a team coach having the lowest percentage of effectiveness of all the coaches hired in the last seven years. After Ramirez poor results he was fired and replaced by Raul Arias, a former coach of Necaxa and San Luis. Then on 4 November 2009, Raul Arias was fired and replaced by Jose Luis Real. Coach Jose Luis Real lead the team to an explosive start of the Bicentenario 2010 tournament, winning its first 8 games in a row. Nevertheless, their winning streak was broken against a low table team, the Jaguars of Chiapas, losing by a score of 4–0. Las Chivas continues to be a major source for the Mexican national team in recent years. Under Jose Luis Real Chivas saw many young and promising players blossoming even more rapidily than expected.
Club Struggles 2011–present.
Since the release of Jose Luis Real as coach in October 2011, Chivas have struggled to maintain form, finding themselves with 6 coaches(Fernando Quirarte, Ignacio Ambríz, Alberto Coyote, John van 't Schip, Benjamin Galindo, Juan Carlos Ortega) in the past 2 years and are now in danger of being relegated to the second division for the first time in history. On November 22, Guadalajara put six players in the transfer list for the upcoming season, including Marco Fabian, Luis Michel, and Hector Reynoso, who is the current longest player that has been in the sqaud since 2000. On November 25, 2013, Jose Luis Real was announced to return to Club Guadalajara as head coach. As of February 28 2014 Chivas sit in fourth place with 12 points, as much as they had the whole last tournament and look to finally get out of danger in the relegation.
Colors and badge.
Once the team was renamed in 1908 as "Club Guadalajara", they used initials, "C.G.", in the center of the jersey. After a few years of the team's existence, the first proper crest was designed, still using the team's initials. They were eventually placed around a circle. This design would be used in the team's limited edition Centennial jerseys in 2006.
Guadalajara's current crest was designed in 1923 and uses as its base, the crest of the city of Guadalajara, Jalisco. The crest was then complemented with a blue circle and the words "Club Deportivo Guadalajara", five red stripes and six white stripes, eventual colors that were adopted by the team, and eleven stars representing each championship the team has won. The actual crest design is credited to brothers "Everardo and Jose Espinosa", "Angel Bolumar", and "Antonio Villalvazo", all of whom were players or directors of the team during that time.
Stadium.
From the 1930s to 1960 Guadalajara played in a small stadium known as "Parque Oblatos". Guadalajara shared the Estadio Jalisco, with their town rivals Atlas. Estadio Jalisco was opened on 31 January 1960. It was host for eight games in the 1970 FIFA World Cup, six for group stage matches, and two for quarter and semi-finals. The stadium was host for nine games in the 1986 FIFA World Cup, six of which were group stage matches, and one was a round of sixteen and the last two were quarter and semifinals. Chivas played in the Jalisco Stadium from 1960 to 2010. Due to the aging structure of the stadium and the desire of Chivas to have an own stadium (Jalisco Stadium was always shared with various teams from the city such as Atlas, Universidad de Guadalajara, Club Oro among others.) Chivas administration with an investment of 130 million dollars began to build a new home.
In 2010, Jorge Vergara opened a new stadium to be used as Las Chivas' new home field. The stadium, named Estadio Omnilife after the nutrition company owned by Vergara, has the form of a volcano with a cloud on top. The idea of the design is to integrate the stadium with nature because of its proximity to a forest area. It is also used for conventions and as a Business JVC Center. Construction of the stadium began in May 2007 and concluded in July 2010. The stadium seats are colored red except for the loge seats which are white. It has a large main entrance and 18 exits. Total seating capacity is 49,850 which includes 330 suites with capacities of 9, 11, 12 and 13 guests. An underground parking lot is available for suite renters which holds up to 850 cars and a parking outside the stadium with a capacity for 8000 cars. The new stadium also has a store, museum, and various food and beverage concessions. A climbing wall and an area for children are planned to be built for a near future. The stadium's opening date was 30 July 2010. The opening match on that day was a friendly between Las Chivas and Manchester United in which Chivas defeated Manchester United 3–2, with the first goal scored by Javier Hernandez.
Rivalries.
"El Súper Clásico".
Las Chivas has developed two important rivalries over the years. Perhaps its most intense rivalry is with Mexico City-based Club América. Their meetings, which have become known as "El Súper Clásico", are played at least twice a year and signal a national derby. Both are the most successful and most popular teams in Mexico. The first confrontation between them ended with a victory for Guadalajara with a score of 3–0.The rivalry began to flourish after the second match when Club América defeated Chivas de Guadalajara with a score of 7–2. Although the huge defeat sparked embarrassment within Chivas, it was almost two decades before the rivalry became "The Clásico". One of the very reasons why these two teams are arch rivals is because in 1983 and 1986 they brawled with each other, raising excitement among the fans. Thus, every time they play it is considered a match that everyone will remember. To this day, "El Súper Clásico" continues to raise huge excitement in the whole country as well as in other parts of the world where there are fans of either team. The intensity of the game is lived so passionately that every time these two teams play a game, regardless of what position they are in on the charts or what level they show throughout the league, it is always considered the most important game of the season.The most recent win in "La Super Clasico" when Club America won 2-0 vs chivas 
"El Clásico Tapatío".
The "Clásico Tapatío", as it is known, is considered the oldest local derby in Mexican football since its inception in 1916, being a game that is lived with great passion on the part of supporters of both clubs. In the early stages the Chivas started to dub players of Atlas by calling them "Margaritas". In reaction to the name, a group of Atlas supporters reacted by claiming that their rivals ran like "Chivas Locas" (Crazy Goats) and to the Chivas players it was considered an insult. Over time the meaning of "Chivas" changed due to the popularity of the club and now it is an honor to be named a Chiva. They both shared the same stadium Estadio Jalisco which causes controversies with the fans and the police.
"El Clásico Chiva".
The first meeting between the two teams came in 2007 in Guadalajara’s previous home stadium, Estadio Jalisco. A ‘return leg’ was scheduled for the following year in the United States but it did not happen until 2009, when the two clubs met in Pasadena’s Rose Bowl Stadium for the first official "Chiva Clásico" on American soil; Guadalajara defeated Chivas USA 2-0 with goals from Omar Arellano in front of over 20,000 fans. A year later, the LA-based team earned their first Chiva Clásico trophy in PETCO Park in San Diego after beating the brother club in penalties after a draw. Although they are called as brother teams with respect, fans from both sides believe their Chiva team is better causing excitement when both teams face each other.
Players.
First-team squad.
"For recent transfers, see List of Mexican football transfers winter 2013–14."
Top goalscorers in domestic league.
"Players in bold are still active with the team."
Most appearances in domestic league.
"Players in bold are still active with the team."
Copa Libertadores record.
H1N1 flu outbreak in Mexico, and later secured a place in the round of 16 for the 2010 Copa Libertadores.
Managerial history.
"As of November 2013"
Honors.
National.
Amateur era:
Professional era:

</doc>
<doc id="20878982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20878982" title="Václav Šmídl">
Václav Šmídl

Václav Šmídl (born March 18, 1940) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20879012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879012" title="Sergey Antipov">
Sergey Antipov

Sergey Antipov is a former Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s. He won a silver medal in the C-1 1000 m event at the 1977 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="20879019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879019" title="Josef Šorm">
Josef Šorm

Josef Šorm (born March 2, 1932) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dvůr Králové nad Labem.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20879024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879024" title="Just for Laughs (UK TV series)">
Just for Laughs (UK TV series)

Just for Laughs is a British hidden camera comedy show which was broadcast on Saturday nights on BBC One. It was produced by Wild Rover Productions with Philip Morrow as producer. It started airing in 2003 and ran for five seasons, going off air in 2007. During its run, it was the only Saturday night entertainment show currently on BBC One to be produced by an independent television company based outside London.
"Just for Laughs" was filmed primarily in and around Belfast, Northern Ireland, Glasgow, Scotland and Leeds, England. The Belfast Botanic Gardens were a common filming location for doing some pranks.
"Just for Laughs" has a Canadian sister version called "", and the format of the two is identical. Some of the clips for "Just for Laughs" are taken directly from "Just for Laughs Gags", and vice versa.
Repeat broadcasts.
Since "Just For Laughs" ended on BBC One in 2007, the show was rarely repeated, until 2009 when Channel 5's Sister Channel 5* (then called Fiver) bought the rights to repeat the episodes on weekday afternoons. Since the summer of 2010 the show has not been repeated on 5* and seemed highly unlikely to ever be repeated again. However from Monday 23 July 2012 the program will be shown on weeknights at around 11pm on Comedy Central Extra. The JustforlaughsTV YouTube channel has over 1 billion video views.
DVD releases.
There have been several DVD releases of "Just For Laughs" which are below, each of these releases have been postponed

</doc>
<doc id="20879036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879036" title="Mark Dexter">
Mark Dexter

Mark Dexter is a British RADA trained actor.
Dexter's early successes were on stage, in particular with two high-profile productions of Tennessee Williams plays, beginning with Sam Mendes' 1995 Olivier Award winning production of The Glass Menagerie at the Donmar Warehouse, in which he played "The Gentleman Caller". This was soon followed by Trevor Nunn's Tony Award winning production of Williams' never-before-seen Not About Nightingales, which transferred from London's National Theatre to the Circle in the Square Theatre on Broadway in 1999.
Since then, Dexter has moved primarily into film and television. Among an extensive list of British TV credits, he is probably best known in his home country for playing Timothy Gray in the 1950s set ITV crime drama The Bletchley Circle opposite screen wife Anna Maxwell Martin, and for the devious Sun Hill CPS lawyer Matt Hinckley in ITV's The Bill, a role he played from 2006-07.
Between October 2008 and January 2009, Dexter made regular appearances on NBC in America, playing the role of Samuel Tuffley in eight episodes of Crusoe, a major 12-part mini-series.
More recently, in the summer of 2009, Mark returned to the National Theatre in London, playing Robin Conway in Rupert Goold's production of J.B. Priestley's Time and the Conways, he followed this by appearing alongside Kevin Spacey in the role of cynical journalist E.K. Hornbeck, a thinly disguised portrayal of H.L. Mencken, in Trevor Nunn's revival of "Inherit the Wind", at the Old Vic.
During the first half of 2010, Mark appeared in the recurring role of businessman Paul Stokes in Coronation Street. He played Count Skriczevinsky in Trevor Nunn's production of "Flare Path" at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket in 2011. In 2012, Dexter appeared in episode "Trojan" of the Dave series "Red Dwarf" as Arnold Rimmer's brother Howard.
In December 2012 in the UK (or Jan 2013 in the USA via BBC America) Dexter will appear as the principal villain 'Sir Arthur Donaldson' in the opening episode of the BBC's Victorian crime drama 'Ripper Street'.
On 3 March 2013 Dexter played Ernest Shackleton in episode 9 of the ITV series "Mr Selfridge".

</doc>
<doc id="20879042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879042" title="Ladislav Toman">
Ladislav Toman

Ladislav Toman (born July 13, 1934) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20879045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879045" title="Sándor Tihanyi">
Sándor Tihanyi

Sándor Tihanyi (born April 28 1963) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of Hungary's national team during the 1980s and 1990s.
Tihanyi qualified for the 1988 World Final in Vojens, Denmark where he finished 15th with three points. He was also a reserve for the 1990 World Final at the Odsal Stadium in Bradford, England but did not ride in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20879046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879046" title="AMPEI">
AMPEI

The Mexican Association for International Education (AMPEI) , is a non-profit membership organization which brings together international educators from Mexican higher education institutions. 
Its core membership is composed by individuals in charge of the different international education activities in colleges and universities from Mexico, and elsewhere. 
AMPEI has developed a collaborative work with related organizations from other parts of the world, such as NAFSA, CONAHEC, CBIE, and EAIE. 
AMPEI also works actively with the different Embassies in Mexico, as well as government agencies and foundations, engaged in supporting international education and academic exchanges in higher education.
History.
AMPEI was founded in 1992 in a meeting in which Sylvia Ortega-Salazar was elected as its first President.
Later, the leadership of the organization has been presided by:
In addition, AMPEI has an External Advisory Board which has been presided by:
Leadership.
The current President is Jocelyne Gacel-Avila, from Universidad de Guadalajara.
Activities.
AMPEI conducts a series of activities, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20879052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879052" title="TAM Media Research">
TAM Media Research

TAM Media Research (abbreviated TAM)is a joint venture company between AC Nielsen and Kantar Media Research/IMRB. It is one of the two television Audience measurement analysis firms of India (the other being aMap). Appointed by the Joint Industry stakeholders of Indian Society of Advertisers (ISA), Indian Broadcast Foundation (IBF) and Advertising Agencies Association of India (AAAI) in 1998, the raison d’etre for TAM is to be the central Industry provider of Media and Consumer Insights to the various stakeholders of the Indian Media and Entertainment Industry - Advertisers & Marketers, Media Owners, Media Agencies and the Academia.
About TAM.
TAM runs the central, industry authorized, TV viewership cell for the media industry. TAM India’s panel is among the top five in the world with the largest sample size: 33,500 respondents/individuals across 164 cities and towns covered by 8150 peoplemeters in TV homes of Class I towns (all towns and cities with a population of 1 Lac+) and Semi Rural Towns (Less than 1 Lac population) from the state of Maharashtra.
TAM initiated a study in 2006 that for the first time focused on the prospect of Digital Television in India. The study was presented to the Industry in April 2006. Post that, since 2007, TAM has been reporting TV Viewership data for Terrestrial TV Homes, Cable & Satellite TV Homes and the Digital TV Homes. For this, TAM proactively introduced the internationally acclaimed, highly advanced, platform neutral digital TVM5 peoplemeter.
Besides measuring TV Viewership, since the year 2000, TAM has been monitoring Advertising Expenditure of various Advertisers, Brands and Product Categories across Television Channels, Print & Radio through its division AdEx India. This division offers three verticals of services:
1. Advertising Expenditure Analysis
2. Advertising Monitoring of Competition
3. Conventional and Innovative Print Advertising Creative Archives
4. AdEx India offers Indian advertising analysis data across 15 different India Languages and monitors close to 700 various product categories.
a. TV AdEx focuses on TV advertising monitoring and analytics of TV Channels distributed through the platforms of Terrestrial, Cable & Satellite and Digital Technologies.
b. Print AdEx focuses on advertising trends of product categories and brands across more than 1000 newspapers and magazines from various corners of the country.
c. Radio AdEx, set up in collaboration with AirCheck USA, monitors radio advertising trends of 52 Radio Stations across 9 cities of India.
5. S-Group, a Specialist Strategy Group within TAM Media Research looks into Audience Analytics and Broadcast Management. With its vision to pioneer the science of broadcast management, TAM set up S-Group in 2002 to measure media content and viewership analysis.
S-Group works in a number of areas for broadcasters and develops analytic tools for better understanding of new TV consumption trends and concepts. S-Group helps broadcasters understand TV Viewing dynamics with respect to changes in Scheduling, Distribution, Content and Marketing & Promotional initiatives undertaken by the broadcaster. Through extensive data analysis and research, TAM has been able to promote TV program brands of various Broadcasters, increase viewership and target the selected market segment.
The last ten years of S-Group’s extensive research and data mining has helped Broadcasters better leverage the concepts of In-Programme Product Placements, TV Planning Optimisers, ROI, Connectivity and Distribution’s impact on TV Channels and Program Promotions.
In 2004, TAM Media research extended its presence in the domain of PR Measurement & Audits space for Corporate/Marketing Clients by setting up a separate division – Eikona PR Measurement. Eikona offers PR Measurement and Audit services for Brands and their PR Campaigns across TV News Channels, Newspapers & Magazines, Websites and the Social Media. It also offers advisories to Corporates and their PR and Communication strategy on a project basis.
In 2007, the joint venture introduced RAM (Radio Audio Measurement) service to track Radio Listenership for the Indian Radio Broadcast Industry. RAM services are currently basis continuous listenership studies from the four Indian Metros – Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore & Kolkata.
RAM measures Listenership trends both In-Home and Out-of-Home - In Car, At Work, College, School etc. RAM offers a new level of insight into radio listening behavior with the most accurate and reliable ratings estimate available. 
With the use of Diary Methodology (Proven Measurement System – World Over) RAM provides listenership data for all the broadcasters in the present market.
TAM Sports was launched in April 2009 with the purpose of providing monitoring, understanding and assessing returns from Sports Sponsorship. This specialized division empowers Sponsors/Advertisers to evaluate returns across all Sporting Events, in India and Internationally. This specialized division evaluates returns from standard commercial TV advertising, TV product placement, Media coverage/PR in Rupee/Dollar terms as well as Audience exposure in terms of TV Viewership of the particular sporting event.
Major Development.
In a major shake-up in the broadcasting industry in June-2013, some of India’s biggest television networks have decided to stop using Television Audience Measurement (TAM) Media Research data. While channels have complained against what they see as TAM’s ‘unfair trade practices’ and ‘flawed methodology’ for years, this is the first time broadcasters have decided to boycott the system altogether.
Multi-Screen Media (MSM) — owner of the Sony Network of Channels — the Times Television Network and the New Delhi Television (NDTV) have written to TAM to withdraw from the system. Network 18, which owns CNN-IBN and CNBC among other channels, has a subscription with TAM till December, but has decided ‘in principle’ to withdraw and ask TAM to refund their fees. If that does not happen, sources said they would forsake the amount and walk out. Other networks are expected to follow suit soon.
Even as the universe of television households is increasing, TAM data shows decreasing viewership. Broadcasting Industry has objected to this major flaw that shows their own ruin. TAM's panel size of 9000 metres is ridiculous for a country of India’s size and heterogeneity. Audiences are growing but TAM shows declining viewers to prevent ad rates from going up. This is because WPP, which owns 50 per cent of TAM, owns 60 per cent of advertising agencies in town. An example of high level inaccuracy is how last week’s TAM data had shown CNBC to have a zero rating in Delhi.
Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (I&B) has been pursuing and pressuring the industry to come up with an independent and transparent model of viewership measurement, and said it will welcome any move that reflects viewership truly.
The Indian Broadcasting Foundation (IBF) has been working on creating its own industry measurement body, Broadcasting Audience Research Council (BARC), which will have separate entities installing metres, collecting data and analysing data. Forty eight vendors have expressed interest, and the IBF hopes to have the system up and running by March, 2014. Till then, the industry sources said, broadcasters, who had chosen to unsubscribe from TAM, and advertisers could work out separate indicators to assess a channel’s reach and popularity.
Monopoly.
The company enjoys a monopoly in the television ratings market in India.
There have however, been serious allegations on the quality of data provided by TAM over the last 8 years. 

</doc>
<doc id="20879064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879064" title="Vrh pri Dolskem">
Vrh pri Dolskem

Vrh pri Dolskem is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Vrh Svetega Križa" (literally, 'Holy Cross Peak') to "Vrh" (literally, 'peak') in 1952. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name was changed again to "Vrh pri Dolskem" (literally, 'peak near Dolsko') in 1955. 

</doc>
<doc id="20879070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879070" title="P-14 radar">
P-14 radar

The P-14 (also referred to by the NATO reporting name "Tall King" in the west) is a 2D VHF radar developed and operated by the former Soviet Union.
Development.
The design of the P-14 2D early warning radar started in 1955 by decree of the CPSU Central Committee. The P-14 being the first high power VHF radar to be developed by the Soviet Union, the radar was accepted into service in 1959 following the successful completion of the radars test program. The P-14 was developed under the direction of V.I. Ovsyannikov by the SKB Design Bureau, a division of State Plant No.197 named after V.I.Lenin, the predecessor of the current Nizhniy Novgorod Research Institute of Radio Engineering (NNIIRT). The development team was awarded the Lenin prize by the Soviet Union in 1960 for the development of the P-14 radar. 
The P-14 was exported and is occasionally still found in service, several companies have offered upgrade options for the system, including replacement of outdated components with modern systems, such as digital MTI, modern PC based signal processing/display and solid state components. The P-14 was superseded by the 55G6 "Nebo" VHF surveillance radar in 1982.
Description.
The P-14 was produced in three variants: the 1RL113 "Lena" (Tall King A) and 44Zh6 "Furgon" (Tall King B) static versions and the 5N84A "Oborona-14" (Tall King C). A total of 731 1RL113 "Lena" were manufactured between 1959 and 1976, 24 of which were for export. The 1RL113 static site was contained in two building (radar and generator) with the control cabin (operated by a crew of five) situated up to one kilometer away, the 44ZH6 operated in a similar fashion but could be relocated more easily. The 5Н84A mobile version featured a folding antenna and transported on six trailers taking over 24 hours to assemble, the radar's control trailer had a crew of six and could be located up to one kilometer from the radar. A secondary radar for IFF is generally used in conjunction with the P-14, either the NRS-12 or the later 1L22 "Parol".
All of the P-14 variants were developed for the long-range detection and tracking of aerial targets and had similar performance characteristics between them. All used a single antenna accomplishing both transmission and reception; the antenna was a large open-frame truncated parabolic antenna, the antenna included a heated de-icing system for extreme conditions. The radars ware capable of modulating their frequency around four pre-set frequencies to counteract active interference and used automatic coherent-compensation for passive interference; both systems able to suppress interference by up to 20 dB. In addition to jammer suppression the P-14 can use five auxiliary antennae for direction finding to locate the jammer. The P-14 can operate in four different modes: high beam with increased upper detection limit, low beam with increased range at low to medium altitudes and scan which alternates between high and low beam modes.
Operators.
The P-14 was operated by the Soviet Union from 1959 and has long since become obsolete being replaced in service by the 55G6 Nebo VHF radar. Many export P-14 have been upgraded and continue to serve in the military and air traffic control role across the world.
Combat History.
The P-14 has served in several conflicts in the Middle East, Europe and Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20879085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879085" title="Combined Campuses and Colleges cricket team">
Combined Campuses and Colleges cricket team

Combined Campuses and Colleges (CCC) is a first-class cricket team that plays in the West Indies domestic competitions of Carib Beer Cup and KFC Cup. Effectively a continuation of the previous University of the West Indies cricket team, the team was created for the 2007/08 season and played their first matches in the KFC Cup one-day competition in October 2007. CCC made their four-day debut in the Carib Beer Cup in January 2008, they finished their maiden season with one win from six matches, finishing bottom of the league. In their second season of the four-day competition they improved, winning four out of 12 matches and finishing on an equal number of points with Barbados. In 2011 CCC had a good first-class season in which they reached the final along with Jamaica. It was CCC's best performance thus far in the competition. They progressed to the final by posting victories against Barbados, the Leeward Islands, the Windward Islands and Guyana. However, CCC were no match for a strong Jamaica team, who won easily. In the 2012 Caribbean 4-day competition, CCC kicked off in style by beating the Leeward Islands by an innings and 15 runs.
Squad.
Players with international caps are listed in bold.
Source(s): T20 squad, List A squad, First-class squad

</doc>
<doc id="20879090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879090" title="Balamber">
Balamber

Balamber (Balamir) is only mentioned by Jordanes in his Getica, abbreviated c. 550CE from memory of Cassiodorus's History of the Goths. Jordanes simply called him "king of the Huns" ("rex Hunnorum") and tells us the story of Balamber crushing the kingdom of Ostrogoths in around 375.
Balamber's story seems historically improbable. He may well be a version of the better-attested Valamir, displaced in time and confused with stories of the Hunnic assault on the Goths. Valamir/Valamer/Βαλαμερ/Balamber was an important Gothic vassal of Attila the Hun in the 400s, who after Attila's death resisted the Huns and consolidated his hold over a large group of Goths.

</doc>
<doc id="20879103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879103" title="Bohumil Golián">
Bohumil Golián

Bohumil Golián (25 March 1931 – 11 January 2012) was a Slovak former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Moštenica and died in Bratislava.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches. Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak team in the 1968 Olympic tournament. He played seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20879104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879104" title="Peter F. Romero">
Peter F. Romero

Peter F. Romero previously served as the United States Ambassador to Ecuador and as Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate and was appointed by President Bill Clinton in the Fall of 1993.[http://www.experioradvisory.com/romero.htm]
Romero previously spent 24 years in the United States Department of State. He received both his Bachelors and Masters degrees in International Relations from Florida State University.[http://www.neafoundation.org/board/board_romero.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20879135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879135" title="Minstrel Man (album)">
Minstrel Man (album)

Minstrel Man is a 1980 album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20879138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879138" title="Petr Kop">
Petr Kop

Petr Kop (born February 15, 1937) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak team in the 1968 Olympic tournament. He played seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20879151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879151" title="Cullicudden">
Cullicudden

Cullicudden () is a village located close to the south shore of the Cromarty Firth, 2 miles northeast of Dingwall, on the west shore of the Black Isle in Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20879157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879157" title="Michael Rice (hurler)">
Michael Rice (hurler)

Michael Rice (born 27 January 1984) is an Irish hurler who currently plays at midfield for the Kilkenny senior team.
Rice made his first appearance for the team during the 2005 championship, however, it took a number of seasons before he became a regular member of the starting fifteen. During that time he has won two All-Ireland medals, six Leinster medals and one National League medal. He has also won two All-Star awards.
At club level Rice plays with the Carrickshock team.
Playing career.
Club.
Rice plays his club hurling with the Carrickshock club.
Inter-county.
Rice joined the Kilkenny senior team in 2005, however, he was unused as a substitute during the championship campaign.
In 2006 Rice made his championship debut when he came on as a substitute in Kilkenny's opening game against Westmeath. In the subsequent provincial final against Wexford, he was named on the starting fifteen. A 1-23 to 2-12 victory gave Rice his first Leinster medal. In spite of playing in subsequent games, Rice played no part in Kilkenny's All-Ireland final defeat of Cork. It was Larkin's first senior All-Ireland medal.
Rice's championship appearances in 2007 were also sporadic. He came on as a substitute to win a second successive Leinster medal, however, for the second year in-a-row he was an unused substitute in Kilkenny's All-Ireland triumph over Limerick.
Rice's role was still as an impact sub again in 2008. He came off the bench to collect a third Leinster medal that year as Wexford were completely overwhelmed again. After making a late cameo appearance in the All-Ireland final, Rice once again missed out on an All-Ireland final appearance as Waterford were heavily defeated by Kilkenny. 
In 2009 Rice nailed down a permanent spot at midfield. He began the year by winning a National League medal following a thrilling 4-17 to 2-26 defeat of Tipperary. Another provincial title was annexed along the way to a fourth successive All-Ireland final appearance for Kilkenny. That game was a repeat of the National League final with Kilkenny taking on Tipperary again. For much of the match it looked as if Tipp would pull off a shock and deny 'the Cats' a record-equaling four-in-a-row. Two quick goals in the space of a minute, one from a penalty by Henry Shefflin, sealed a 2–22 to 0–23 victory. It was the fourth time in-a-row that the famed Liam MacCarthy Cup was presented to a Kilkenny team while Rice collected his first All-Ireland medal on the field of play. He was later presented with a coveted All-Star award.
Rice added a fifth Leinster medal to his collection in 2010 following a 1-19 to 1-12 defeat of new provincial rivals Galway. An unprecedented fifth successive All-Ireland title looked likely, however, Kilkenny faced a number of serious injuries going into that game and failed in their 'drive for five' as Tipp won by 4-17 to 1-18.
In 2011 'the Cats' continued their provincial dominance with Rice winning a sixth consecutive Leinster medal following a defeat of Dublin. Kilkenny later qualified for yet another All-Ireland final. For the third year in succession Rice's side faced Tipperary, however, on this occasion Kilkenny were slight underdogs going up against the new champions. Kilkenny started quickly and never surrendered the lead in the 2-17 to 1-16 victory. It was Rice's second All-Ireland medal on the field of play. He later won a second All-Star award.
Inter-provincial.
Rice has also lined out with Leinster in the Interprovincial Championship and has enjoyed much success. In 2008 he won his first medal in that competition, following a 1-15 to 1-12 defeat of Munster.
Leinster made it two-in-a-row in 2009 with Rice winning a second Interprovincial medal after Connacht were defeated by 3-18 to 1-17.
After an absence of two years the championship was revived in 2012. Rice picked up a third winners' medal that year after Leinster defeated Connacht.

</doc>
<doc id="20879158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879158" title="Just for Laughs (disambiguation)">
Just for Laughs (disambiguation)

Just for Laughs is an annual comedy festival in Montreal.
Just for Laughs may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20879161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879161" title="Josef Musil">
Josef Musil

Josef Musil (born July 3, 1932) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kostelní Lhota, Okres Nymburk.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak team in the 1968 Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20879171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879171" title="Zaboršt pri Dolu">
Zaboršt pri Dolu

Zaboršt pri Dolu is a settlement in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Zaboršt" to "Zaboršt pri Dolu" in 1953. 
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Catherine. A fragment of a fresco of Saint Christopher is preserved on its southern exterior wall, dating to the early 15th century. The church was rebuilt in the 17th and 18th centuries. The belfry dates to 1689.

</doc>
<doc id="20879178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879178" title="Al-Battoulah">
Al-Battoulah

Al-Battoulah is a black mask traditionally worn by Qatari women. 

</doc>
<doc id="20879184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879184" title="László Szatmári">
László Szatmári

László Szatmári (born May 18 1977) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Hungary's national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20879205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879205" title="Abdul Ahad Karzai">
Abdul Ahad Karzai

Abdul Ahad Karzai (1922 – 14 July 1999) was a politician in Afghanistan, who served as the Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Afghanistan under King Zahir Shah in the 1960s. He was the son of Khair Mohammad Khan and brother of Habibullah and Azizullah Karzai. His sons are the current Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his brothers Ahmed Wali, Mahmud and Quayum. He is also uncle of Hekmat Karzai. As head of the Popalzai Pashtun tribe, Abdul Ahad Karzai moved with his family from Kandahar to the capital Kabul upon his election to the Parliament. He criticised the communist government in Afghanistan and was imprisoned for three years, at which point his family's properties were confiscated. 
On 14 July 1999, when the Taliban government was in power, Abdul Ahad Karzai was assassinated by two Taliban gunmen on a motorcycle outside a mosque in Quetta, Pakistan. He was 77 years old when he died and his son Hamid Karzai took over the leadership and responsibilities of the Popalzai tribe. The Karzai family were living as Afghan refugees in neighboring Pakistan from where Hamid Karzai organized the tribe's affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20879210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879210" title="Pavel Schenk">
Pavel Schenk

Pavel Schenk (born June 27, 1941) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Borotín, Blansko District.
In 1964 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak team in the 1968 Olympic tournament. He played six matches.
At the 1972 Games he was a member of the Czechoslovak team which finished sixth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20879244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879244" title="Zagorica pri Dolskem">
Zagorica pri Dolskem

Zagorica pri Dolskem is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Zagorica" to "Zagorica pri Dolskem" in 1955.
History.
During the Second World War, Partisan forces took up positions in Zagorica and neighboring Križevska Vas. The Partisans retreated from the villages toward Vače when a German column approached on 18 August 1944, and evidence was collected from the school and rectory that the Partisans had been there for an extended time. Eight men from Zagorica and Križevska Vas were arrested for collaboration with the Partisans and imprisoned in Kamnik. On 24 August 1944, Russian Liberation Army troops forced the villagers from their homes and then searched and looted the houses. The people were then ordered to collect their belongings. The Russian Liberation Army forces escorted the villagers to Dolsko and then burned Zagorica and Križevska Vas. The villagers were not permitted to return home until the end of the war.
Among the structures destroyed in the fire was the original wooden house where Jurij Vega (1754–1802) was born. It was replaced by a brick structure, and a 1904 plaque commemorating the 150th anniversary of Vega's birth was reinstalled on the house.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Zagorica pri Dolskem include:

</doc>
<doc id="20879246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879246" title="Yellowfin seabream">
Yellowfin seabream

The yellowfin seabream, "Acanthopagrus latus" (also known as yellow sea bream or datina) is a porgy of the Sparidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20879256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879256" title="1960 Iowa Hawkeyes football team">
1960 Iowa Hawkeyes football team

The 1960 Iowa Hawkeyes football team represented the University of Iowa in the 1960 college football season. The Hawkeyes were co-Big Ten champions along with the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers. The Golden Gophers were selected to represent the Big Ten in the Rose Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20879261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879261" title="Norbert Magosi">
Norbert Magosi

Norbert Magosi (born April 10 1975) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Hungary's national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20879275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879275" title="Nikephoros of Chios">
Nikephoros of Chios

Father Nikephoros of Chios (1750–1821; also "Nicephoros, Nicephorus, Nikephorus") was the spiritual son and disciple of Macarius of Corinth and known for his holy life and character; he was regarded as a saint already during his lifetime. His feast day is celebrated on May 1.
Life.
St Nikephoros was a hieromonk born around 1750 in the town of Kardamyla, in the northeastern part of the Aegean island of Chios. As a child he fell seriously ill with a contagious disease. His parents vowed that if he survived he would be given as a monk to the monastery of Nea Moni. He recovered from his illness and became a monk, studying at the famous Chiote school.
His mentors included Fr Neophytus Kafsokalyvitis, Fr Athanasius of Paros and St. Macarius of Corinth. He was ordained and elected an abbot of Nea Moni.
Although St Nicephorus probably died in the summer of 1821, his Feast Day is designated as May 1. He died in a home near the church of St Paraskeve, where he sometimes stayed overnight when he was unable to return to Resta, a hermitage where he lived after leaving the monastery. His body was brought to Resta and placed in a grave where both St Athanasius Parius and the monk Nilus had once been buried. The holy relics of St Nicephorus were uncovered in 1845 and brought to the metropolitan church of Chios. Many years later, the Guild of Tanners asked for the relics and placed them in the Church of St George in Resta, where they remain. In 1907, an icon of St Nicephorus was painted and a church service was composed in his honor.
He taught and wrote in Chios, leading a life of spiritual endeavor there. He loved Chios as his fatherland and as a place where piety and learning flourished. For this reason, and because no occasion arose for him to leave the island, he remained within its confines throughout his lifetime.
Before his death foretold the devastation of Chios the following year by the Turks. 
"The New Leimonarion".
In 1805, on his deathbed, St. Macarius asked St Nikephoros to finish his book "The New Leimonarion" and see that it was published. It contains the lives and church services of various martyrs, ascetics, and other saints. Three saints collaborated in its compilation: St Macarius, St Nikephoros and St Athanasius Parios.
Relationships.
The greatest influence on his life was St. Macarius of Corinth (April 17), whom he met even before he met St Athanasius. Macarius was at Chios in 1780, left for a time, then returned in 1790. Nikephoros saw St Macarius frequently, and learned much from him. He also met St. Athanasius Parios (June 24), who was the director of the school in the city of Chios.

</doc>
<doc id="20879276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879276" title="Center for International Relations">
Center for International Relations

The Center for International Relations (CIR) is a nonpartisan and nonprofit, tax exempt 501(c)(3) organization that publishes various materials about international relations and current affairs. The organization is based in the Washington, D.C. area, though its staff operates in various countries throughout the world.
Activities.
The CIR’s core activities include publication of its online journal, publication of special reports, hosting special events and awarding annual prizes for outstanding essays submitted by students.
Outlets.
International Affairs Forum.
The International Affairs Forum is CIR's online journal. The site publishes articles, opinion pieces and interviews. It also maintains databases of organizations, blogs and institutions active in the sphere of international relations and economic policy studies. The Forum’s stated mission is to present ‘information in an unbiased manner, regardless of political creed to provide our readers an all-encompassing view of subjects’ as well as to present ‘content from a global perspective.’
Cultural Affairs Forum.
The Cultural Affairs Forum is the sister site of the International Affairs Forum and covers ‘cultural diplomacy’. It publishes articles, editorials and links, in this case on topics such as classical music and politics, and culture as propaganda.

</doc>
<doc id="20879283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879283" title="WKIX">
WKIX

WKIX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20879289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879289" title="Always on My Mind (album)">
Always on My Mind (album)

Always on My Mind is a 1982 album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was the Billboard number one country album of the year for 1982, and stayed 253 weeks on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts, peaking at number one for a total of 22 weeks, as well as spending 99 weeks on the Billboard 200 for all albums, peaking at number two for 3 weeks.
Background and Recording.
During the recording sessions for Nelson's collaboration album with Merle Haggard, "Pancho & Lefty", the producer Chips Moman and Bobby Emmons suggested to record Johnny Christopher's "Always on My Mind". Haggard had no interest in recording a version of the song for the album, instead Nelson recorded his own version that was the first for the album that was entitled "Always on My Mind". Later in his autobiography, Nelson stated: "We'll never know what would have happened if Merle had really heard the song right. "Always on My Mind" bowled me over the moment I first heard it, which is one way I pick songs to record".
The rest of the album was constituted by adult-contemporary and pop standards, such as "Do Right Woman, Do Right Man" and Paul Simon's "Bridge Over Troubled Water".

</doc>
<doc id="20879293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879293" title="Nermin Čeliković">
Nermin Čeliković

Nermin Čeliković (born 27 November 1980 in Cologne) is a Bosnian former football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20879299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879299" title="József Tabaka">
József Tabaka

József Tabaka (born September 17 1989) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Hungary's national team. He will ride for the Edinburgh Monarchs in their 2010 Premier League campaign Edinburgh Monarchs.

</doc>
<doc id="20879301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879301" title="Postgraduate training in general dentistry">
Postgraduate training in general dentistry

Australia.
There are two forms of institution-based training for general dentistry available for dental school graduates in Australia: 
Canada.
There are three forms of institution-based training for general dentistry available for dental school graduates in Canada: 
United States.
There are two forms of institution-based training for general dentistry available for dental school graduates in the United States:
United Kingdom.
In the UK, most postgraduate training in dentistry are specialized. Some universities offer postgraduate degrees in general dentistry, with an emphasis on clinical research.
Program details.
All of the programs below can be 1-year programs with an option available to continue for a second year, or they may be a two-year program from the start. They allow the new dentist to further hone his or her skills in most of the traditionally defined disciplines of dentistry while at the same time increasing one's speed and refining one's techniques. These programs also afford trainees the opportunity to learn from the attending dentists who serve a supervisory role, something generally unavailable in private practice.
AEGD.
While a GPR is a hospital-based program, an AEGD is usually not and the differences between the two types of programs are generally a result of this distinction. AEGDs are usually based in postgraduate dental school clinics. Both types of programs afford the trainee with a larger patient pool than he or she was exposed to in dental school as an undergraduate; while dental students will typically treat 2 or 3 patients a day in multiple-hour-long sessions, these postgraduate programs are constructed so that trainees may see anywhere from 8-15 patients a day, or even more. They emphasize restorative dentistry, fixed and removable prosthodontics, orofacial pain, and dental implants.
DO/GDR.
Both DO and GDR programs are 1-year long commitments and are usually based in a hospital setting. These programs provide a dentist with a wide range of experiences including oral surgery, oral pathology, oral medicine, and treating medically compromised patients.
GPR.
Programs will often emphasize the importance of managing comprehensive dental treatment plans and adjusting them based on the patient's medical condition. During training, residents may be faced with the task of managing patients that require dentistry in a hospital setting due to a compromised medical condition. Medical management of dental patients may be emphasized in weekly grand rounds and rotations through anesthesia, internal medicine, and the hospital emergency department. Some programs also provide rotations in family medicine and otolaryngology. These rotations not only increase the trainee's knowledge and experience, but also allows physicians, resident or attending, to see how dentistry and medicine are related, allowing for a better referral relationship in future practices. This relationship is best demonstrated in tumor boards where both medical and dental residents discuss and treatment plan head and neck cancer patients. GPR residents may also become familiar with performing dental/oral surgical procedures in the operating room and managing the patient's stay while in the hospital. Rotation through the dental specialties increases the resident's ability to handle situations in private practice without referral to a specialist.
GradDipClinDent.
These programs are usually 1-year in length and are designed very similar in structure to an AEGD program. Emphasis is placed on restorative dentistry, fixed prosthodontics, removable prosthodontics, orofacial pain, and dental implants.
SEGD.
Emphasis is on enhanced general practice skills to allow for broader patient care to underserviced areas. Clinical experience is usually obtained from the residency clinic in the department of dentistry, and during rotations including off site rural experience.
Multidisciplinary training program.
The goal of the program is to provide the recent dental graduate with a broad multidisciplinary approach to the clinical practice of dentistry. The postgraduate trainees are thus under the constant supervision and guidance of members of the attending staff. Experience is gained in general practice and specialties. The specialties represented are: Endodontics, Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Oral Medicine, Orthodontics, Periodontics, Prosthodontics and Pediatric Dentistry. 
In general, GPR, DO/GDR, and MPT programs pay higher stipends than do AEGD, SEGD, and GradDipClinDent programs; this is because the former residents take call and answer consults. While on call, the residents are expected to manage dental as well as some head and neck trauma reporting to the ER in accordance with hospital guidelines

</doc>
<doc id="20879303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879303" title="Zajelše">
Zajelše

Zajelše () is a settlement north of Dol pri Ljubljani in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20879304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879304" title="The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima">
The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima

The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima, opened in 2000, is the biggest shopping center in the North-eastern region of Thailand, located direrctly on Mitraphap Road in Nakhon Ratchasima (colloquially known as Korat), Thailand. Sub-titled the 'Paragon of Isan' and 'Pride of Korat' by pro-Mall interests. While initial concern about significant impact to the city's main traffic artery by construction at this location was voiced to The Mall management, the concern was not addressed and construction was implemented. As a result, there are significant traffic congestion and pollution issues directly associated with the decision to proceed. Billions of Thai Baht are also being considered to accommodate the problem through construction of a tunnel and other measures. 
Facilities.
The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima includes:
There are also many small shops and franchise restaurants such as:-
The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima also has several bank micro-branches such as:-

</doc>
<doc id="20879327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879327" title="Imeall">
Imeall

Imeall is a limited edition physical studio album by Irish musician Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh. This is her first solo album, released in 2008/2009 after 20 years of recording with her band Altan.
History.
It was recorded in 2007/08 in Stiúidió na Mara ("Seafront Studio") (An Bhráid, Tír Chonaill, Co. Donegal, Ireland), the home studio of Ní Mhaonaigh's friend and musician/producer Manus Lunny, overlooking the Atlantic Ocean and Donegal mountains and islands. 
The album features many of Mairéad's friends and regular collaborators including Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill and Dónal Lunny. It also includes Manchester-born piper and flute player Michael McGoldrick and Annbjørg Lien, a member of String Sisters, with whom Mairéad plays fiddle and sings. 
Only 3000 (handwritten numbered) physical copies of "Imeall" were pressed. The physical album is now sold out but a digital edition is available (as a downloadable mp3 album) directly from Mairéad's webstore.
Live performances.
It is known that Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh played live at her 2008-2012 solo shows (at least one time) the following tracks: "Gardaí 'n Rí", "An Fidleoir", "Néillí Bhán", "Mazurkas", "Mo Níon Ó". She also sang live many times "Mo Níon Ó" as the lead singer during Altan's extensive 2009-2011 "Celebrating the 25th anniversary" tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20879337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879337" title="Matrona of Chios">
Matrona of Chios

Saint Matrona of Chios (also called "Saint Matrona Chiopolitis") was born during the 15th century in the village of Volissos on the island of Chios, Greece. This is the same village in which St. Markella was martyred in 1462. The Church celebrates her memory on October 20, and the finding of her head on July 15.
Life.
Saint Matrona was born in the village of Volissos on Chios sometime in the fourteenth century. Her parents, Leon and Anna, were highly respected and well-to-do Christians. Mary was the youngest of seven children. From her youth, she showed an interest in monasticism. When the time came for her parents to arrange her marriage, she refused because she wanted to remain a virgin. To avoid this marriage, she left Volissos and went to an area overlooking the village, called Katavasis. Here she began her spiritual struggle by fasting and prayer. Soon other nuns joined her. Her parents searched everywhere to find her. After locating her, they convinced her to return home. Mary complied with her parents' wishes, except for one—she refused to wed. Her parents, seeing that she still desired to lead a monastic life, gave her their consent to pursue her ambition.
When Mary's parents died, she distributed the farmland she inherited among her sisters and the orphans of the community. She left Volissos and returned to Katavasis. Her food was simple and brought to her by one of her sisters. After three years she left Katavasis and went to the capital of the island, where there were many women's monasteries. 
Upon visiting the different monasteries, Mary found a small secluded one consisting of three nuns: a mother and her two daughters. The nuns, realizing her sincerity, immediately welcomed her into their home. At this point Mary's name was changed to Matrona. (When a nun reaches a high point in her monastic life and becomes a Stavrophore, a new name is bestowed upon her, symbolizing a second baptism and a new way of life).
Matrona surpassed the other nuns in her devotion, spirituality, and understanding. Her sincerity convinced other girls to come to this monastery and lead the same type of life. The church itself was small, and so the abbess agreed with Matrona's plan to enlarge it and to build cells for the nuns. Any remaining farmland and personal belongings Matrona sold, and the monastery built a public bath with the money received from this sale so that the poor and wayfarers could bathe. These baths were very common at this time. After this, the renovation of the church began. When the church was completed (with the help of St. Artemios, to whom it was dedicated), the abbess of the monastery died. The nuns then elected Matrona as the new abbess. She showed charity to the poor, and was able to heal the sick.
After the Genoese conquered the island of Chios, they plundered the island and the monasteries, including the monastery of St. Matrona. When one of these foreigners attempted to attack the nuns of the monastery, the saint prayed for divine help. From the heavens bolts of lightning fell to the ground, killing the assailant. The foreigners, seeing the destruction, fled from the island in fear.
After these events, Matrona dreamt of her own death. She suffered from an illness for seven days. In the seven days she advised the other nuns as a mother would advise her children. She received Holy Communion sometime before 1455. She was buried in the monastery's church, in which she had spent the greater part of her life. To honor this great saint, Miracles are said to have occurred after her death. Many people with all manner of afflictions came to the church and were cured.
In the village of Katavasis, there was a church built to honor the place where St. Matrona had first started her spiritual struggles. Later, a larger church was built and the smaller one was used as a cemetery chapel.
Monastery of St. Matrona.
The Holy Monastery of St. Matrona was built by the noble Roidis in 1470 near the village of Mesa Didima. He originally intended to build a summer villa; however, Matrona appeared to him in a dream and instructed him to build the monastery instead. His sisters were the first two nuns to enter the monastery. The abbot of the monastery during the Turkish Occupation was the Holy Nikiforos of Chios. Nikiforos wrote the 24 Hymns of Agia Matrona. Today, four nuns dwell in the monastery. The monastery celebrates the saint's feast day on October 20 each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20879351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879351" title="Michael Lejan">
Michael Lejan

Michael Lejan (born 2 May 1983 in Soest, Germany) is a German-born Belgian football midfielder. He currently plays for Alemannia Aachen.

</doc>
<doc id="20879353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879353" title="Tom Farris">
Tom Farris

Thomas George Farris (September 16, 1920November 16, 2002) was an American football quarterback who played for the Chicago Bears (1946–1947) in National Football League the Chicago Rockets (1948) in the All-America Football Conference.
After playing college football at the University of Wisconsin, Farris was a 11th round selection (99th overall pick) of the 1942 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers. But before training camp, he enlisted in the United States Coast Guard to serve in World War II. He played 33 regular season games over 3 seasons. In 1946, which was his best season, he had 1 passing touchdown, 2 pass interceptions, 1 reception and 16 receiving yards.

</doc>
<doc id="20879356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879356" title="Jean-Louis Trudel">
Jean-Louis Trudel

Jean-Louis Trudel (born in 1967) is a science fiction writer. He was born in Toronto, Canada and has lived in Ottawa, Toronto, and Montreal before moving to Quebec City, Quebec, Canada, in 2010. He currently teaches history part-time at the University of Ottawa.
While he writes mainly in French, he has authored a few stories in English, published in such venues as Tales of the Shadowmen. Other stories in English and other languages (Greek, Portuguese, Italian, Russian) have appeared in translation.
Most of his books, for adults and young adults, are science fiction, but a few titles may also be classed as fantasy. A long-time contributor to Solaris (magazine), he is also noted as a science-fiction critic and historian. Writing with Yves Meynard under the name of Laurent McAllister, he has penned three YA books as part of an ongoing series, as well as several stories.
He has received several literary distinctions, including the "Grand Prix de la Science-Fiction et du Fantastique québécois" in 2001 and several Prix Aurora awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20879357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879357" title="The Miners' Next Step">
The Miners' Next Step

The Miners' Next Step was an economic and political pamphlet produced in 1912 calling for coal miners through their lodges, to embrace syndicalism and a new 'scientific' trade unionism. The pamphlet was written by the 'Unofficial Reform Committee' a group of syndicalist and socialists involved in the Plebs' League and the Cambrian Combine strike of 1910-11. The main author is recognised as Noah Ablett.
Ablett had embraced syndicalism while studying at Ruskin College, and was a founding member of the Plebs' League. On his return to Rhondda, Ablett found himself in connection with like-minded socialists William Mainwaring, Noah Rees, Will Hay and A.J. Cook. In 1911 the Cambrian Combine dispute ended with the Tonypandy Riot which in turn caused ill feeling towards the then Liberal government. 
The Miners' Next Step was a sustained critique of the style of union leadership shown by the likes of William Abraham who had been seen as too liberal in his dealing with the coalowners during such disputes as the Welsh coal strike of 1898. The pamphlet called for the centralization of the miners' lodges for combating disputes, the adoption of a unified strike policy, the Nationalization of the mines and the 'elimination' of employers.

</doc>
<doc id="20879361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879361" title="Róbert Nagy (speedway rider)">
Róbert Nagy (speedway rider)

Róbert Nagy (born April 28 1967) is a Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Hungary's national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20879369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879369" title="Róbert Nagy">
Róbert Nagy

Róbert Nagy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20879377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879377" title="Lawrence Ponoroff">
Lawrence Ponoroff

Lawrence Ponoroff is the current dean of the James E. Rogers College of Law at the University of Arizona. He was previously the 21st dean of Tulane Law School from 2001–2009, taking the reins from Edward F. Sherman after having taught at Tulane Law for six years. Prior to joining Tulane he practiced law for eight years (including two as a partner) and taught at several other institutions, including the University of Michigan Law School. He is a leading expert on bankruptcy, and holds several national appointments to bankruptcy law committees, including the Advisory Committee on Bankruptcy Rules to the Judicial Conference of the United States. Among U.S. law students he is known for creating the "Making and Doing Deals" and "Core Concepts of Commercial Law" casebooks.
In April 2009, it was announced that Ponoroff would be taking over for Toni Massaro as Dean of the University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law in Tucson, Arizona.
Publications.
Ponoroff has authored numerous articles in bankruptcy journals and at law reviews at Tulane, NYU, Northwestern, the University of Michigan, and other institutions. He has also written several notable casebooks used by U.S. law students. Some of his more popular publications are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="20879407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879407" title="Absence of the Heart">
Absence of the Heart

"Absence of the Heart" is the title of a song written by Chris Farren, Chuck Jones, and co-written and recorded by American country music artist Deana Carter. It was released in September 1998 as the lead-off single from album "Everything's Gonna Be Alright". The song was her most successful from the album; it peaked at #16 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks and was her fifth Top 10 hit on the Canadian Country charts. "Absence of the Heart" became Carter's last single to chart on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 to date.
Content.
The song is a soft love ballad that features a light instrumentation with acoustic guitars. The song's lyrics speak of a narrator who realizes that there is an "absence of the heart" in her relationship.
Music video.
The music video for "Absence of the Heart" was directed by Roger Pistole. In the video, Carter is seen singing the song while in various rooms of a house; she stands beside a metal-framed bed with newspapers flying around her, looking at herself in mirrors that are in various locations, and looking through glass that has water pouring down it.
Chart performance.
"Absence of the Heart" spent a total of 20 weeks on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart, where it reached a peak position of number 16.

</doc>
<doc id="20879410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879410" title="PropertyGuys.com">
PropertyGuys.com

PropertyGuys.com Inc. is a Canadian private sale real estate, or FSBO, marketing company based in Moncton, New Brunswick. With 123 franchise locations across Canada and more than 10,000 active listings on its site, it is the largest private home sale network in North America. The firm acts as the marketing arm for people who want to handle the heavy lifting themselves, such as showing the home, fielding calls from potential buyers, negotiating price and other details.
PropertyGuys.com does not collect a commission on homes sold using their services. The company is negotiating agreements to enter the U.S. market.
PropertyGuys.com is a member of the Canadian Franchise Association. PropertyGuys.com CEO, Ken LeBlanc, sits on the Canadian Franchise Association's Board of Directors as one of two Atlantic Region Representatives.
The Round Sign.
PropertyGuys.com is notable within the real estate industry for its use of a round lawn sign. The concept was arrived at during a group discussion at Wizard Academy. Academy founder Roy H. Williams casually mentioned to the PropertyGuys.com team that all real estate agents have one thing in common: rectangular signs. The session led to a $500,000 re-branding program.
Criticism.
PropertyGuys.com's 2008 national radio advertising campaign, which singled out "Joe Schmo" real estate agents, was found to be offensive by some real estate agents for its dismissive portrayal of an agent's role in real estate transactions.
Community Support.
PropertyGuys.com has defined a partnership with Habitat for Humanity Canada. Through an awareness program titled "Building Communities" a portion of all package sales is transferred to the non-profit organization. In 2007, PropertyGuys.com donated $10,000 to Habitat for Humanity Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20879413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879413" title="Teangue">
Teangue

Teangue () is a fishing village on the Sleat peninsula, Isle of Skye, Highlands of Scotland. It is situated in Knock Bay on the west side of the Sound of Sleat.
It is in the Scottish council area of Highland. Knock Castle is located to the west of the village.
The A851 road passes through Ferrindonald.

</doc>
<doc id="20879433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879433" title="E-Preeti">
E-Preeti

E-Preeti is an upcoming Indian film directed by Shilpa Priya Jagadeesh and written by Paraag Shukla, which is in production. The film is produced by Pradip Bekal, Narayan Hosmane and Mahi Mahesh. The key cast members are Diganth Manchale as Vishal, Tejaswini Prakash as Preeti, Bharath Babu as Nik, and Nina Mahesh as Neelu. The film is a romantic comedy which addresses the complex inter-cultural issues that arise in relationships between Indian immigrants and Indian-Americans who were raised in the USA or who are a product of mixed marriages.
Music.
The music for the film was composed by Suchitralata, with lyrics by Jayant Kaikini. The dance sequences were choreographed by Nirathi Rao Kalavapudi, DeShaude Barner, and Danielle Areco.
Production.
The film has been filmed in Bangalore, India and Washington, D.C. and New York City. The film resumed production in late 2012 after a lengthy hiatus, and is expected to release in early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20879434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879434" title="The Owl Who Was Afraid of the Dark">
The Owl Who Was Afraid of the Dark

The Owl Who was Afraid of the Dark is a children's book by Jill Tomlinson, of which there is also an audio version read by Maureen Lipman. It was published in 1968, and an abridged edition illustrated by Paul Howard published in 2001. 
The story is about a young barn owl called Plop, who is frightened of the dark. The plot is divided into seven chapters, each covering a night during which Plop learns something new about the dark: dark is exciting, dark is kind, dark is fun, dark is necessary, dark is fascinating, dark is wonderful and dark is beautiful. Plop is gradually persuaded that the dark has its advantages.
The book shows what constellations are, especially Orion's belt, and has been adapted as a show at the London Planetarium. There have been stage adaptations of the book by Simon Reade and Tina Williams 
The book has been recommended by clinicians for treatment of fear of the dark.

</doc>
<doc id="20879442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879442" title="2003 Pacific Life Open – Men's Singles">
2003 Pacific Life Open – Men's Singles

Lleyton Hewitt was the defending champion and won in the final 6–1, 6–1 against Gustavo Kuerten.

</doc>
<doc id="20879466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879466" title="Thomas Litjens">
Thomas Litjens

Thomas Litjens (born August 22, 1984 in Dehiwala) is a Dutch football player currently playing for VV Baronie.

</doc>
<doc id="20879469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879469" title="City Nights">
City Nights

City Nights by Nick Gilder was released in 1978 on Chrysalis Records.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Nick Gilder and James McCulloch

</doc>
<doc id="20879470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879470" title="2002 Tulane Green Wave football team">
2002 Tulane Green Wave football team

The 2002 Tulane Green Wave football team represented the Tulane University in the 2002 college football season. Led by J.P. Losman, the Green Wave won the Hawaii Bowl for the first time in the school's history. 

</doc>
<doc id="20879483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879483" title="MT Abadan">
MT Abadan

Abadan was a 288 ton coastal tanker which was built as Empire Anglesey in 1945. She was renamed "Abadan" in 1946 and Renee J in 1961. She served until 1969 when she was scrapped in Cork
History.
"Empire Anglesey" was built by J Harker Ltd, Knottingley as yard number 169. She was launched on 16 June 1945 and completed in October 1945. "Empire Anglesey" was built for the Ministry of War Transport and operated under the management of the C Rowbotham & Sons. She was homeported in Goole. she was powered by a 6-cylinder 2-stroke Single Cycle Single Action diesel engine made by Crossley Ltd, Manchester.
"Empire Anglesey" was sold to A/S Tankskibsrederiet, Copenhagen, Denmark in 1946 and renamed "Abadan". She operated under the management of K V Tersling and spent some time chartered to Rederi AB Reut, Kungsbacka, Sweden.
In 1961, "Abadan" was sold to Celtic Coasters Ltd, Dublin, Ireland and renamed "Renee J". She served with them for eight years. She was scrapped in Cork in March 1969.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Anglesey" had the UK Official Number 180993 and used the Code Letters GKGX.

</doc>
<doc id="20879499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879499" title="Variable structure system">
Variable structure system

A variable structure system, or VSS, is a discontinuous nonlinear system of the form
where formula_2 is the state vector, formula_3 is the time variable, and formula_4 is a "piecewise continuous" function. Due to the "piecewise" continuity of these systems, they behave like different continuous nonlinear systems in different regions of their state space. At the boundaries of these regions, their dynamics switch abruptly. Hence, their "structure" "varies" over different parts of their state space.
The development of variable structure control depends upon methods of analyzing variable structure systems, which are special cases of hybrid dynamical systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20879505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879505" title="Lionel, Lewis">
Lionel, Lewis

Lionel () is a village in the Ness area of Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="20879519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879519" title="Ketzel Levine">
Ketzel Levine

Ketzel Levine is an American radio journalist who began her broadcast career in 1974. She joined National Public Radio (NPR) in 1977 and worked, variously, as the network's arts producer, sports director, features reporter and garden expert. From 2000 through 2008, she was senior correspondent for the NPR program "Morning Edition". At the end of that year, due to cutbacks at the network, Levine was laid off, while working on a documentary series about Americans coping with economic stress and job loss. Her final NPR broadcast was about how she, herself, had just lost her job.
Broadcast career.
Levine's academic background was in music and communications. Her first job in broadcasting was at the full-time, non-commercial classical music station WMHT-FM in Schenectady, NY. She moved to Washington, D.C. in 1977 to work at NPR, where she produced the arts magazine, "Voices in the Wind." In 1979, she became part of the original staff of "Morning Edition", where she remained until moving to London to report for the BBC World Service. While abroad, she also freelanced for NPR, CNN and the BBC domestic service. She returned to NPR full-time as its arts reporter in 1986. In 1990, she took up studies in horticulture, began her own landscape and design business, and in 1992 became NPR's horticultural reporter, the "Doyenne of Dirt", broadcasting for the next ten years on NPR's "Weekend Edition" with Scott Simon. During this time she was also a contributing writer for "Horticulture Magazine", a features writer for "Martha Stewart Living" and a contributing writer for "The Oregonian". In 2000, she published 'Plant This!' (Sasquatch Books, 2000).
In 2000, Levine became a senior correspondent for "Morning Edition." In 2007, she expanded her horticultural reporting with the year-long special program, "Climate Connections". She also produced and reported for the series, "Take Two: People Reinventing Themselves Through Their Work", and at the time of her dismissal, was producing and writing a series documenting the effects of the economic crisis, "American Moxie: How We Get By".
Levine's career with NPR ended on an ironic note when she was one of 64 people laid off in December 2008, as she was producing the "American Moxie" series. In her last series installment, she reported about her own layoff.
Horticultural career.
Levine studied at the George Washington University School of Landscape Design. She began her own business, Hortus Landscaping, in 1991, then later began a career writing about horticulture, botanizing, and lecturing for garden clubs, botanic gardens and arboretums. After moving to Portland, OR in 1996, she became the northweast regional correspondent for Horticulture Magazine and a contributing editor for The Oregonian. Her newspaper plant profiles were published in the book, Plant This! (Sasquatch Books, 2000). Levine's own garden has been featured in several magazines, including Portland Monthly. A profile of Levine and her garden was published in the February 2011 issue of Sunset Magazine.
Animal Activist.
Following her layoff from NPR, Levine pursued a lifelong interest in animal welfare. She began writing for the Humane Society of the United States and working for the Portland office of In Defense of Animals (IDA). In September 2010, she became the volunteer creative and communications director for The Animal Rescue Association of the Americas, the first professional association for animal rescue groups. She is currently in Ecuador pursuing local animal rescue efforts. url=http://www.ketzel.com
Personal life.
Levine lives in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20879523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879523" title="Dave McCracken">
Dave McCracken

Dave McCracken is a British songwriter and music producer under the Roc Nation management. He is well known for his production on Ian Brown from The Stone Roses solo albums, "Golden Greats", "Music of the Spheres" and "Solarized". He has also produced "Vantage Point" by dEUS, The Rifles' second album and programmed and played keyboards on "Playing the Angel" by Depeche Mode.

</doc>
<doc id="20879524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879524" title="2003 ABC Champions Cup">
2003 ABC Champions Cup

The ABC Champions Cup 2003 was the 14th staging of the ABC Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of Asian Basketball Confederation. The tournament was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between December 21, 2003 and December 27.

</doc>
<doc id="20879540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879540" title="The Meaning of Love (Michelle McManus song)">
The Meaning of Love (Michelle McManus song)

"The Meaning of Love" is the second single from Pop Idol winner Michelle McManus. The song was released on 26 January 2004 and reached number 16 in the UK and number 29 in Ireland. The song lasts for 4:24. It is on her debut studio album "The Meaning of Love".
Track listing.
UK CD single
1. The Meaning of Love (Radio edit)
UK Digital download
1. The Meaning of Love (album version)
Music video.
The music video premiered in the United Kingdom in January 2004. It shows a man and a woman going through argument times.
Chart performance.
The Meaning of Love debuted at number 16 in the United Kingdom and number 29 in Ireland. The single did not chart as well as expected. The single spent four weeks on the UK Singles Chart and three weeks on the Irish Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20879548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879548" title="Sergey Darkin">
Sergey Darkin

Sergey Darkin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20879558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879558" title="Frequency (Nick Gilder album)">
Frequency (Nick Gilder album)

Frequency by Nick Gilder was released in 1979 on the Chrysalis record label.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Nick Gilder and James McCulloch. 
Personnel.
The track "Time After Time" has been covered by American rock band Sugar High.

</doc>
<doc id="20879559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879559" title="Carmelo Patrono">
Carmelo Patrono

Carmelo Patrono is an Italian production designer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Brother Sun, Sister Moon".

</doc>
<doc id="20879598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879598" title="African red snapper">
African red snapper

Lutjanus agennes, the African red snapper, is a species of snapper native to the coastal Atlantic waters of Africa from Senegal to Angola. They inhabit coral reefs and areas with rocky substrates and are also known to enter brackish waters of lagoons and rivers. This species can reach a length of TL though most only reach . The greatest recorded weight for this species is . It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and is also sought after as a game fish.

</doc>
<doc id="20879631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879631" title="Víctor Hugo Lorenzón">
Víctor Hugo Lorenzón

Víctor Hugo Lorenzón (born 22 May 1977) is an Argentine retired football player. He also holds Italian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20879633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879633" title="AccuTrigger">
AccuTrigger

The AccuTrigger is a trigger developed by the Savage Arms Company in 2002. The trigger was designed for ease of use and the ability for end users to adjust the weight of the pull on the trigger. Trigger-pull refers to the amount of force necessary to pull the trigger, and affects how accurate the firearm is.
History.
Ron Coburn (CEO of Savage Arms Company), wanted a rifle with a trigger with a crisp and creep-free trigger pull. Another goal for Coburn was to make the trigger user-adjustable from of pull. The trigger also had to withstand being bumped without accidentally going off, even with the lowest trigger pull set.
How It Works.
The trigger uses several components that make it safe, and yet simple to maintain. Within the trigger there is the long silver-colored AccuRelease lever mounted within the trigger body and sharing the trigger's pivot point in the housing. When at rest, the forward upper end of the AccuRelease is positioned directly behind the sear, where it will block the sear should any external force cause it to jar out of the trigger notch. In normal operation, the trigger finger will first take up and depress the AccuRelease lever so that its forward tip drops out of the path of the sear, allowing the sear to move fully backward when released by the trigger at whatever weight you have adjusted the trigger pull to be.

</doc>
<doc id="20879647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879647" title="Eleanor J. Hill">
Eleanor J. Hill

Eleanor Jean Hill (born December 19, 1950) served as Inspector General for the United States Department of Defense under President Bill Clinton. Hill was the head of the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense from 1995 - 1999.
Background information.
Hill was born in Miami Beach, Florida. She graduated from Florida State University with her Bachelors degree in 1972, and her Juris Doctorate in 1974.
Hill was awarded the Department of Defense Distinguished Service Medal by Secretary William Perry and the Bronze Palm to the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service by Secretary William Cohen.
American Airlines Flight 77.
According to U.S. State Department cable of February 2010, released by Wikileaks in 2011, the FBI has investigated another suspect, Mohammed al-Mansoori, who had associated with three Qatari citizens who had flown from Washington to London on the eve of the attacks, after allegedly surveying the World Trade Center and the White House. U.S. law enforcement officials said that the information about the four men was "just one of many leads that were thoroughly investigated at the time and never led to terrorism charges". An official added, however, that the three Qatari citizens have never been questioned by the FBI. Eleanor Hill, the former staff director for the congressional joint inquiry on the September 11 attacks, said the cable reinforces questions about the thoroughness of the FBI's investigation. She also said that the inquiry concluded that the hijackers had a support network that helped them in different ways. The three Qatari men were booked to fly from Los Angeles to Washington on Sept. 10, 2001, on the same plane that was hijacked and piloted into the Pentagon on the following day, but did instead fly from Los Angeles to Qatar, via London. While the cable states that Mansoori would be currently under investigation, U.S. law enforcement officials said that was no active investigation of him or of the Qatari citizens mentioned in the cable.
Agreed to serve on The Constitution Project's Guantanamo Task Force.
Hill agreed to serve on The Constitution Project's Guantanamo Task Force in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20879658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879658" title="Sentral KL-Ipoh-Sentral KL Route">
Sentral KL-Ipoh-Sentral KL Route

Sentral KL-Ipoh-Sentral KL Route was a KTM Intercity shuttle train service provided by Keretapi Tanah Melayu. It was started on 1 December 2008. The two terminals are Ipoh and KL Sentral. Each way had 5 trips per day. On December 2008, there was a promotion of RM1 ticket for the first and last trip of the day, between Ipoh and KL old station.
Before it started, this shuttle service was mistaken as a Komuter service. From August 2010 onwards, Electric Train Service took over serving the ex-shuttle route.
Stations.
Stations are listed from north to south.

</doc>
<doc id="20879667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879667" title="Majorca rail network">
Majorca rail network

The Majorca rail network consists of three separate electrified lines, which radiate north and east from Palma de Mallorca, the major city on the Spanish island of Majorca .
Services on the main line and metro both originate/terminate at the Estació Intermodal/Plaça d'Espanya station (Palma Intermodal Station), which opened in 2007. This vast subterranean terminus is also served by the islands extensive inter-urban bus network. 
Services on the tourist railway from Sóller terminate at the adjacent surface level station on Carrer Eusebi Estada.
The lines.
Services on both the metro and main line are operated by Transport de les Illes Balears. (Transport on the Balearic Islands).
Metro.
Metro trains start from Platforms 1-4 at Palma Intermodal Station, where they interchange with services on the main line. A connection between the two networks allows access for engineering purposes.
The Metro was constructed between 2005 and 2007 at cost of €312 million. Line M1 terminates at UIB University of the Balearic Islands station, with services from Palma calling at seven intermediate stops in the cities northern suburbs. Line M2 runs east alongside the main line and serves seven intermediate stations before terminating at the suburban station of Marratxí. 
On both routes trains operate daily from approximately 0630 to 2200, with a 15-minute service during the day; reducing to 30 minutes in the early morning, late evening and on Sundays.
Main line.
Services to Manacor and Sa Pobla via Marratxí and Inca start from Platforms 5-10 at Palma Intermodal Station. This modern facility lies beneath the Parc de ses Estacions, which occupies land formerly used by the former surface level lines. The landscaped gardens contain several former railway buildings, and the original station buildings also survive alongside Plaça d'Espanya.
Today the main line runs below ground until just after Son Costa/Son Fortesa station. It is grade separated along its entire length, aside from some very minor level crossings in remote rural areas. The section from El Caülls to Inca offers excellent views of the Serra de Tramuntana mountain range to the north.
The line is double-track from the capital to Inca, from where there is single line working. To help enhance capacity, the line is being doubled along a 5km section beyond Inca as far as the remote halt at Enllaç, where the branches to Manacor and Sa Pobla diverge. The line to Manacor has passing places at Sineu and Petra, but the shorter Sa Pobla branch is single track throughout.
Between 0545 and 2320 there are two trains each hour in each direction serving the two eastern termini, whilst a third service operates only as far as Inca. From Monday to Saturday, Manacor trains operate non-stop as far as Marratxí. On Sundays and public holidays, only two trains per hour operate in each direction, stopping at all stations to Manacor or Sa Pobla.
In 2013 civil engineering work had started on the extension of the Manacor line to Artà via Sant Llorenç des Cardassar and Son Servera, but work on the proposed extension of the Sa Pobla branch to Alcudia had not commenced.
Ferrocarril de Sóller.
Ferrocarril de Sóller S.A. is a privately owned company, which since 1912 has operated a daily train service along the 27.3 km narrow gauge line between Palma de Mallorca and Sóller. From 1913 it has also run the Tranvía de Sóller tram service along the 4.9 km route from Sóller to the Port of Sóller. The track for both services is Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge.

</doc>
<doc id="20879670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879670" title="Bill Malley">
Bill Malley

Bill Malley is an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Exorcist".

</doc>
<doc id="20879705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879705" title="Abbotskerswell Priory">
Abbotskerswell Priory

Abbotskerswell Priory, on the outskirts of the village of Abbotskerswell, near Newton Abbot, Devon, England, was the home of a community of Augustinian nuns from 1861 until 1983. It has now been converted into apartments for elderly people.
Abbotsleigh House.
Abbotsleigh House was built on high ground on the outskirts of Abbotskerswell during 1847-48. The land had formerly belonged to the Abbot of Sherborne. The house, with about of land, was purchased by the Catholic Church in February 1860, and became the hub around which the new Priory of St. Augustine was built. During those early days it was sometimes known as Abbots Leigh Priory.
Joseph Hansom was appointed to prepare plans for buildings to accommodate 50 nuns. Hansom had recently completed work on Plymouth Cathedral, but is probably better known as the designer of Hansom Cabs. His ground plan for the whole development is still available for inspection at the Priory and, although later details were completed by Benjamin Bucknall, the general layout is as he originally planned it. The convent wing was completed by the autumn of 1861 and the new Church of the Holy Ghost was completed in autumn 1863. The east, or guest, wing and the north services wing were added during the next 20 years.
The nuns.
In 1797 a group of English nuns living in a French community in Louvain, Belgium, was driven back to England by the French Revolution. They lived at various places in the south of England until they eventually found a permanent home in Abbotskerswell at the instigation of the Bishop of Plymouth, William Vaughan. Their experiences during the revolution may explain why Hansom was instructed to build two elaborate escape tunnels at the priory.
The nuns lived as a closed order and had very little communication with the village until about 1952. Local people were allowed to worship in a small side chapel from which they could hear services being conducted in the church, but could not see the nuns. Village residents recall that during the 1960s the nuns were given more freedom to associate and to sell produce such as honey and eggs from their small farm.
The particular work of the community was reparation for the sins of mankind. They prayed for the conversion of sinners and the spread of the faith, especially in England. The postulants and novices were trained in singing and reciting the Divine Office. Besides taking part in the domestic work of the community they were trained in various handicrafts according to their gifts and talents. Their time was largely devoted to religious exercises, daily Mass and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament and the Divine Office in Choir, the sisters each taking their appointed watch, day and night.
Among the relics which were preserved at the Priory was the hair shirt of Sir Thomas More, presented for safe keeping by Margaret Clements (1508–1570), his adopted daughter. The hair shirt is now preserved at Syon Abbey, near South Brent.
Redevelopment.
By the 1960s the buildings had started to fall into disrepair and the number of nuns slowly declined, the last three departing in March 1983. In 1985 a local company, Clennon Developments, purchased the property to develop as a retirement complex and the project was launched in April 1987. A second block, named Priory Court, was completed by the middle of 1991 and the small farmhouse and various outbuildings adjacent to Priory Road were converted into seven cottages by 1997, becoming known as Priory Yard.

</doc>
<doc id="20879762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879762" title="Jerry Wunderlich">
Jerry Wunderlich

Jerry Wunderlich (18 August 1925 – 14 May 1999) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Wunderlich was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20879764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879764" title="Massimo Cannizzaro">
Massimo Cannizzaro

Massimo Cannizzaro (born April 3, 1981 in Köln) is an Italian football player who is currently a free agent.
Personal life.
He also holds German citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20879782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879782" title="Vilna Gaon Jewish State Museum">
Vilna Gaon Jewish State Museum

The Vilna Gaon Jewish State Museum (Lithuanian: "Valstybinis Vilniaus Gaono Žydụ Muziejus"; Yiddish: דער ווילנער גאון מלוכהשער יידישער מוזיי) in Vilnius, Lithuania is dedicated to the historical and cultural heritage of Lithuanian Jewry.
The museum was established in 1989 by the Lithuanian Ministry of Culture. Over the course of the following years, its exhibition items, many from earlier Jewish museums in Lithuania, were brought together. It received its current name in 1997, commemorating the 200th anniversary of the death of the Talmudic scholar Vilna Gaon. 
Its five branches focus on various aspects of history and culture. The Tolerance Center's collections include works of sacred, modern, and traditional art along with historical materials; The Green House is a Holocaust exhibit; the Paneriai Memorial is dedicated to the Paneriai (Ponary) Massacre; the Jacques Lipchitz Memorial Museum in Druskininkai exhibits his lithographs; and the former Tarbut Gymnasium displays the history of Lithuanian Jews in the interwar and Nazi period. 
The museum acquires and systematizes materials, issues publications, conducts research, organizes permanent and temporary exhibitions, and sponsors educational activities.
In 2010, the Museum and the Austrian Verein Gedenkdienst joined forces to launch the Lithuanian Holocaust Atlas project. Expanding on previous research on Holocaust murder sites in Lithuania, the project created an internet data base, and in 2011 published the "Lithuanian Holocaust Atlas," a 318-page volume reference book of 227 mass graves with detailed information on the location, coordinates, perpetrators, victims and their number. Dr. Arūnas Bubnys served as the project's historian. 

</doc>
<doc id="20879784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879784" title="John Mutorwa">
John Mutorwa

John Mutorwa (born 17 August 1957 in Nyangana, Okavango Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Mutorwa has been a member of the National Assembly and of the cabinets of Sam Nujoma and Hifikepunye Pohamba since 1992. Mutorwa was the Minister of Youth, National Services, Sport and Culture from March 2005 till 2010 when he was appointed Minister of Agriculture, Water and Forestry, a position which he is currently serving.
Education.
Mutorwa attended the University of Fort Hare, from which he graduated from in 1984. He earned a B.A. in 1995 from the University of Namibia. In 2002, he earned a master's degree in Interdisciplinary studies from the University of Montana.
Career.
Following his education at Fort Hare, Mutorwa returned to Kavangoland, where he worked as a teacher and principal from 1985 to 1990. He also worked for reconciliation efforts, serving as Secretary of the Repatriation, Resettlement and Rehabilitation of Roman Catholic Justice and Peace Commission from 1988 to 1989. Following independence in 1990, he served as Regional Commissioner for Kavango, Omega, and Tsumkwe until 1992. In that year, Mutorwa joined the government in Windhoek as a Member of Parliament. Beginning in 1992 as well, Mutorwa served various posts in the cabinet, including as Deputy Minister of Water Affairs in the office of the President from 1992 to 1993 and Deputy Minister of Fisheries and Marine Resources from 1994 to 1995. In 1995, he was promoted to head the Ministry of Basic Education and Culture, which he did until 2005. In a cabinet shake up in that year, he became the Minister of Youth, National Services, Sport and Culture. As of August 2010, he is the Minister for Agriculture, Water and Forestry.

</doc>
<doc id="20879790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879790" title="Stage Door Betty Handicap">
Stage Door Betty Handicap

The Stage Door Betty Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 2001 at Calder Race Course in Miami Gardens, Florida. Open to Fillies and Mares, age three and older, it is contested on dirt over a distance of 1 1/16 miles (8.5 furlongs).
Run near the end of December, the race has had Grade III status since 2006. It is named for the filly Stage Door Betty to honor her owner, longtime South Florida horsewoman Betty Sessa. Sessa died in January 2001. 
Along with two other stakes races, Calder Race Course canceled the 2008 running of the Stage Door Betty Handicap due to what track officials described as "continuing overpayment of purses during the current meet." [http://www.miamiherald.com/sports/horse-racing/story/813642.html]
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="20879797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879797" title="Sean Walker (racing driver)">
Sean Walker (racing driver)

Sean Walker (born 24th March 1958) is a British auto racing driver. He still competes today in historic racing events. His father Ian Walker (1926 - 2008) was noted as the "Doyen of British Motorsport" (Ref The Independent July 18 2008) was a driver, engineer and designer/modifier of race cars particularly Lotus. Ian Walker's cars were driven by famous drivers such as Jim Clark, Graham Hill and Peter Arundell.
Racing career.
Sean Walker's racing career resulted in limited success. 
2010
HSCC Derek Bell Trophy
Position: no position
? races. 0 wins. 0 pole positions. 0 podiums. 0 fastest laps. 
Car: March 782
Complete results needed.
2009
HSCC Lloyds TSB Derek Bell Trophy
Position: 11 (20 points)
2 races. 2 wins. 1 pole position. 2 podiums. 2 fastest laps. 
Car: March 782
1992
RAC Esso British Touring Car Championship
Position: 19 (4 points)
13 races. 0 wins. 0 pole positions. 0 podiums. 0 fastest laps. 
Team: Techspeed Racing
Car: BMW M3
1990
RAC Esso British Touring Car Championship
Position: 7 (96 points)
? races. 0 wins. ? pole positions. ? podiums. ? fastest laps.
Car: Ford Sierra RS500
Complete results needed.
1989
RAC Esso British Touring Car Championship
Position: 21 (17 points)
13 races. 0 wins. 0 pole positions. 0 podiums. 0 fastest laps. 
Team: FAI Auto Parts
Car: Ford Sierra RS500 Cosworth
British Touring Car Championship - class A
Position: no position
? races. ? wins. ? pole positions. ? podiums. ? fastest laps.
Complete results needed.
1988
World Sports-Prototype Championship
Position: no position
2 races. 0 wins. 0 pole positions. 0 podiums. 0 fastest laps. 
Team: Sean Walker
Car: Tiga GC287 (Ford)
Formula 3 Britain National Class
Position: 17 (4 points)
1 race. 0 wins. 0 pole positions. 1 podium. 0 fastest laps. 
Team: Techspeed Racing
Car: Reynard 873 (Volkswagen)
1987
World Sports-Prototype Championship
Position: no position
1 race. 0 wins. 0 pole positions. 0 podiums. 0 fastest laps. 
Team: URD Junior
Car: URD C81 (BMW)
1986
Formula 3 Britain National Class
Position: 2 (76 points)
17 races. 4 wins. 2 pole positions. 11 podiums. 1 fastest lap. 
Team: Techspeed Racing
Car: Ralt RT30 (Volkswagen)
1985
Formula 3 Britain National Class
Position: 10 (15 points)
2 races. 1 win. 1 pole position. 2 podiums. 2 fastest laps. 
Team: Richard Dutton Racing
Car: Ralt RT3 (Volkswagen) 
Personal life.
Sean is married to Karen, who worked at Debenhams, London for a short while . 
They have 3 children and 2 dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20879802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879802" title="Abadan (disambiguation)">
Abadan (disambiguation)

Abadan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20879835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879835" title="Stuart Atha">
Stuart Atha

Air Vice Marshal Stuart David Atha DSO ADC is a serving senior officer of the Royal Air Force and is currently Air Officer Commanding No 1 Group.
Military career.
Atha joined the RAF after graduating from Glasgow University in 1984. He was commissioned as a pilot officer on 14 October 1984, promoted to flying officer on 14 April 1985 (with seniority from 14 October 1982), flight lieutenant on 14 April 1986, and squadron leader on 1 July 1995. He served as a Fast Jet Qualified Flying Instructor on the Hawk aircraft, before completing tours in Germany and the UK, flying the Harrier GR7 on No 1 (Fighter) and No IV (Army Cooperation) Squadrons. 
Following a tour as the Harrier tactics specialist at the Air Warfare Centre, Atha attended the Advanced Command and Staff Course at Bracknell (1999–2000), and was promoted wing commander on 1 July 1999. He then assumed command of No 3 (Fighter) Squadron, again flying the Harrier GR7. He graduated from King's College London with an MA in 2000.
Following his command tour, Atha joined the Ministry of Defence Directorate of Operational Capability for a short spell before becoming the Personal Staff Officer to the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup. He was promoted group captain on 1 January 2005. In early 2006, he attended the Higher Command and Staff Course. Atha was station commander of RAF Coningsby from 1 December 2006 – 15 December 2008.
Atha is a veteran of the conflicts in both the Balkans and Gulf with combat missions flown in Operation DELIBERATE FORCE (Bosnia 1995), Operation ALLIED FORCE (Kosovo 1999) and Operation TELIC (Iraq 2003). On 31 October 2003 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his leadership in Iraq. He was appointed Aide-de-Camp to the Queen on 12 February 2007.
Atha's tour in the Middle East was followed in April 2010 with an appointment as Head of Joint Capability at the Ministry of Defence.
He was promoted Air Vice Marshal and appointed Air Officer Commanding No.1 Group RAF on 12 Aug 2011
He was the Air Component Commander for the London Olympics Air Security.

</doc>
<doc id="20879836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879836" title="Scott Melville">
Scott Melville

Scott Melville (born August 4, 1966, in Fort Ord, California), is a former professional tennis player from the United States. 
Melville enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles because of injuries. During his career he won 9 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 7 times. Partnering Rick Leach in doubles, Melville finished runner-up at the 1995 Wimbledon Championships. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 17 in 1996. He is now a world renown coach and has coached many college level tennis players.
Melville resided in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida when on the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20879850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879850" title="XVL">
XVL

XVL is a lightweight 3D file format for 3D computer graphics data. XVL is developed by Lattice Technology Inc. 
Like U3D and other open and standard 3D formats, XVL supports compression of 3D data. The company claims compression rates of between 1:50 - 1: 200 for typical mesh objects. After a registration, a closed source, Windows only, viewer for XVL files can be downloaded from the company site.

</doc>
<doc id="20879853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879853" title="Rock America">
Rock America

Rock America by Nick Gilder was released in 1980 on the Casablanca Records label.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Nick Gilder and James McCulloch

</doc>
<doc id="20879857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879857" title="George Swinnerton Parker">
George Swinnerton Parker

George Swinnerton Parker (12 December 1866 - 26 September 1952) was an American board game inventor and industrialist who founded Geo. S. Parker Co. and Parker Brothers.
Life and career.
Parker was born in Salem, Massachusetts.
Parker's philosophy deviated from the prevalent theme of board game design; he believed that games should be played for enjoyment and did not need to emphasize morals and values. He published his first game, called Banking, in 1883 at the age of 16. Banking is a game in which players borrowed money from the bank and tried to generate wealth by guessing how well they could do. The game included 160 cards which foretold their failures or successes. The game was so popular among family and friends that his brother, Charles Parker urged him to publish it. George approached two Boston publishers with the idea, but was unsuccessful. Not discouraged, he spent $40 to publish 500 sets of Banking. He eventually sold all but 12 copies, making a profit of $100. 
Parker founded his game company, initially called the Geo. S. Parker & Company, in his town of residence Medford, Massachusetts in 1883, and followed it up with two other games, Famous Men, another card game, and Baker's Dozen, a board game designed by one of his teachers. In 1885 his family moved to Salem where he published four more card games: The Dickens Game, Ivanhoe, Speculation, and Great Battlefields. When George's brother Charles joined the business in 1888, the company's name was changed to its more familiar form. In 1898 a third brother, Edward H. Parker, joined the company. For many years, George designed most of the games himself, and wrote all the rules. Many games were based on important events of the day: "Klondike" was based on the Alaskan gold rush, and "War in Cuba" was based on the impending Spanish-American War.
The game industry was growing, and the company was becoming very profitable. In 1906, Parker Brothers published the game "Rook", their most successful card game to this day and it quickly became the best-selling game in the country. During the Great Depression, a time when many companies went out of business, Parker Brothers released a new board game called "Monopoly". Although the company had originally rejected the game in 1934, they decided to publish it the next year. It was an instant success, and the company had difficulty keeping up with demand. The company continued to grow throughout the next several decades, producing such lasting games as "Clue", "Risk", and "Sorry!".
Parker died in Boston, Massachusetts. He was buried in Harmony Grove Cemetery in Salem.

</doc>
<doc id="20879865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879865" title="Thiago Rockenbach">
Thiago Rockenbach

Thiago Rockenbach da Silva (born 1 February 1985 in Marechal Cândido Rondon) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Hertha BSC II.

</doc>
<doc id="20879876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879876" title="José Luis Escobar Alas">
José Luis Escobar Alas

José Luis Escobar Alas (born March 10, 1959) is the eleventh Bishop and seventh Archbishop of San Salvador, El Salvador. He succeeds Archbishop Emeritus Fernando Sáenz Lacalle in that position, and holds the post once held by Archbishop Óscar Romero, who was assassinated in 1980.
When Archbishop Escobar was appointed on December 27, 2008, he was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Vicente, El Salvador. He had been bishop of San Vicente since 2005, and auxiliary bishop (also of San Vicente) since 2002. He was ordained a priest in 1982. Escobar was born in the town of Suchitoto in the department of Cuzcatlán. He studied for the priesthood at the "San José de la Montaña" seminary in San Salvador and in the Major Seminary in Morelia, Mexico. He obtained a degree in philosophy at Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. He was ordained a priest on August 15, 1982.
Thereafter, he served as rector of the minor diocesan seminary in San Vicente, taught at the "San José de la Montaña" seminary in San Salvador, and then was put in charge of the "Nuestra Señora del Pilar" (Our Lady of the Pillar) parish in San Vicente. Escobar was vicar general of the diocese of San Vicente before being named auxiliary bishop by Pope John Paul II on January 19, 2002. He was created an auxiliary bishop on March 23, 2002 and then was made the diocesan bishop of San Vicente on July 9, 2005, which was the post he had held until being named for his current post as Archbishop of San Salvador.
In late December of 2012, the Archbishop Escobar ordered the removal of the tiled ceramic mural facade of the San Salvador Cathedral, the principal church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Salvador, without consulting the national government or the artist, the Salvadoran master Fernando Llort. Workers chipped off and destroyed all the 2,700 tiles of the mural.

</doc>
<doc id="20879878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879878" title="Philip M. Jeffries">
Philip M. Jeffries

Philip M. Jeffries (31 May 1925 – 6 April 1987) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Tom Sawyer".

</doc>
<doc id="20879896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879896" title="Seondalsan">
Seondalsan

Seondalsan is a South Korean mountain that sits between the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do and Bonghwa, Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20879903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879903" title="DESUCA">
DESUCA

The card claims to work positive for the environment, as it would encourage using public transport, thus reducing carbon emission. A user is able to add its loyalty point by using the card, as well as by doing something "ecological", such as avoiding a disposable plastic bag at a store.
Usable area.
The card is usable for the following operators' lines.
The card also functions as an electronic money.

</doc>
<doc id="20879927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879927" title="Keith Slater (bishop)">
Keith Slater (bishop)

Keith Francis Slater (born 1949) is a bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia. He formerly served as the Bishop of Grafton. On 17 May 2013 he resigned due to complaints concerning his handling of abuse at the North Coast Children's Home in Lismore, New South Wales.
Slater was educated at Kelvin Grove Teachers College and the Australian College of Theology. He was a curate in Gladstone, Queensland, priest in charge at Springsure and the Archdeacon of Lilley. 

</doc>
<doc id="20879930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879930" title="UK Chemical Reaction Hazards Forum">
UK Chemical Reaction Hazards Forum

The UK Chemical Reaction Hazards Forum is a group of process safety scientists, from different companies, who meet at regular intervals to share knowledge and experiences of recent chemical incidents, within their own companies, with the aim of preventing a repeat of the incident at a different location. They further try extend this aim to assist smaller companies, many of whom will not have access to the sophisticated equipment of the forum members, by publishing these incidents and near-misses on a web site.
History.
Prior to 1995, the main source of data pertaining to chemical reaction incidents was the regulatory bodies (e.g. HSE in UK), following the investigation (and maybe) prosecution post incident. There was very little data that could be obtained regarding incidents and near-misses that fell outside this area.
By this time the majority of the larger chemical companies all had some sort of Process safety section, either as a stand alone unit or as part of a Process development area – increasing amounts of safety studies are needed as the scale is increased. Workers in this field were becoming acquainted with those in other companies, due to a rapid rise in the number of specialist safety testing equipment (most notably the Accelerating Rate Calorimeter and the Metter-Toledo RC1 Reaction Calorimeter)
In 1994 two of these safety scientists got together with the idea of creating a forum for free and unbiased information exchange. They contacted many of the companies with known process safety sections, and an inaugural meeting in May 1995 was achieved, with people representing 15 different companies plus the addition of an academic expert in chemical reaction incidents from the South Bank University.
Forum size.
The forum size has been kept to around 15 members. The forum is non-profit organization, and has no need to raise funds as all meetings are carried out at the members sites on a rota basis. Due to the many mergers and divestments over the years since its start, there has had to be quite a few changes, and the newer companies have been invited to join to keep the numbers viable.
Members.
The members are typically senior safety scientists, often at a managerial level, from the major UK chemical companies, including:-
Website.
The incident data on the web site has been obtained from all over the world, not just in the UK. Many of the members have global sites, which report back to them. In addition there is some data which has been freely supplied from other individuals and companies, via the e-mail links on the web site.
In all cases the data is made anonymous, so that there can be no link back to the originator – otherwise it would be unlikely that the majority of the data would ever have been released.<br>
Many adedemic chemistry departments have installed links to the site on their own web pages, to facilitate their students education in reaation hazards.

</doc>
<doc id="20879941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879941" title="Robert De Vestel">
Robert De Vestel

Robert De Vestel was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
De Vestel was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20879958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20879958" title="Playnormous">
Playnormous

Playnormous is an online community of monster-themed games designed to change health behaviors in children and their parents. The games were developed in consultation with health researchers as a way to deliver game-based health interventions to the public at large.
Overview.
Playnormous is a website that focuses on teaching kids, ages 6 to 15, and their parents about health by playing casual games, watching animations, and creating a personal monster world. The creators of Playnormous aim to use fun as a modality to educate and inspire families to make healthier lifestyle choices regarding nutrition and physical activity.
The basis for Playnormous is its health game catalog. Playnormous games fall under the category of Games for Health, a genera of serious games. The games and animations are conceptualized, designed, and field-tested with the help of medical researchers at The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston and Baylor College of Medicine.
History.
The Playnormous site was created as a way to deliver successful health intervention programs to the public. The site was created by Playnormous, LLC, an online game developer based in Houston, Texas. Playnormous, LLC is a subsidiary of Archimage, an award-winning visual design studio and Serious Game developer. The Playnormous team is led by President Jerald Reichstein, AIA and Vice President Richard Buday, FAIA. The subsidiary was founded on April 18, 2007 but the site did not go live until May 2008.
Playnormous Health Games.
Food Fury was the first health game to be launched on the Playnormous site. Food Fury was originally funded by the Aetna Foundation as part of the “Games for Wellness” project conducted by Dr. Cynthia Phelps, Assistant Professor at The University of Texas Health Science Center. This online game targets 3rd–5th graders to teach and change behavior around food choice and portion control. Food Fury allows children to practice the CATCH method of food selection, known as “Go, Slow, Whoa.” The game has been used in multiple settings including the YMCA’s after school program to change nutrition behaviors in children.
Research-based game development.
Playnormous games are created using behavior-change theory as their foundation. Games are designed to change health behaviors by affecting mediators such as skills, confidence, and self-efficacy. This includes:
Playnormous also uses the research community to field test its games from conception to final product. Kids recruited by the Children’s Nutrition Research Center play game prototypes. Dr. Cynthia Phelps of The University of Texas Health Science Center School of Health Information Sciences leads the beta testing team. The goal of testing every game is to ensure that they are not only educational and understandable but also appealing and fun.

</doc>
<doc id="20880002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880002" title="Bernd Rauw">
Bernd Rauw

Bernd Gerd Rauw (born 8 January 1980 in Malmedy) is a Belgian footballer who is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20880004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880004" title="Paul Danielson">
Paul Danielson

Paul E. Danielson is an Arkansas Supreme Court justice. He first got into office in 2006. He was previously the Circuit Judge for Arkansas's 15th Judicial Circuit.
Education.
Paul Danielson received his bachelor’s degree from Florida State University in 1968 and a law degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="20880016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880016" title="Farfantepenaeus notialis">
Farfantepenaeus notialis

Farfantepenaeus notialis, is a species of marine crustacean in the family Penaeidae.
Distribution.
It is found off the east coast of South America from Quintana Roo, Mexico to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and the west coast of Africa, from Mauritania to Angola. They live at depths of , or exceptionally up to , on sandy or muddy bottoms, often among rocks.
Description.
"Farfantepenaeus notialis" reaches a total length of (males) or (females).
Fishery.
"F. notialis" and "Litopenaeus schmitti" are together the most important prawn species in an area extending from the Greater Antilles to Venezuela. Production peaked in 1999, with a total catch of , of which more than 90% was caught off Nigeria and Senegal.
Taxonomy.
"F. notialis" was first described as a subspecies of ""Penaeus duorarum"" (now "Farfantepenaeus duorarum") by Isabel Pérez Farfante in 1967, before being recognised as a separate species. Both species have since been reassigned to the genus "Farfantepenaeus". The common name preferred by the Food and Agriculture Organization is "southern pink shrimp", but the species is also known as "candied shrimp" in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20880026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880026" title="Drynoch">
Drynoch

Drynoch () is a settlement on the south east tip of Loch Harport on the west coast of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland. It is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The River Drynoch runs through the village, flowing down from Glen Drynoch into the loch.

</doc>
<doc id="20880038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880038" title="Dick Gossett">
Dick Gossett

John Star "Dick" Gossett (August 21, 1890 – October 6, 1962) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Gossett played for the New York Yankees in and . In 49 career games, he had 20 hits in 126 at-bats, with 10 RBIs. He batted and threw right-handed.
Gossett was born in Dennison, Ohio and died in Massillon, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20880044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880044" title="Body Talk Muzik">
Body Talk Muzik

Body Talk Muzik by Nick Gilder was released in 1981 on the Casablanca Records label.
"She Talks (Body Talk)" was also recorded by the band Kix on their second LP, 1983's Cool Kids as simply "Body Talk". A video was produced for the song as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20880076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880076" title="Oorah">
Oorah

Oorah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20880087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880087" title="Seonjaryeong">
Seonjaryeong

Seonjaryeong is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang and the city of Gangneung, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20880089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880089" title="Charles Craig Cannon">
Charles Craig Cannon

Charles Craig Cannon (October 24, 1914 – September 20, 1992) was a United States Army officer who served as Aide-de-camp to General Dwight D. Eisenhower following the conclusion of World War II.
Biography.
Charles Craig Cannon received his B.E.E. from the University of Delaware in 1936. He was commissioned as a captain in June 1942 and went overseas in August of that year as a regimental officer with the 332nd Engineers. He was appointed Aide-de-camp to General Dwight D. Eisenhower on December 19, 1945. He had previously been serving as a staff officer in ETOUSA (European Theater of Operations United States Army) and USFET (United States Forces, European Theater of Operations) since January 1944.
Following Eisenhower’s promotion to Chief of Staff in 1945, Craig (now a Major) became responsible for running Eisenhower’s office and supervising his secretaries. Eventually promoted to Colonel, Cannon continued in his capacity as personal aide to Eisenhower when Eisenhower was appointed the Supreme Commander of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20880091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880091" title="2006 China Open (snooker)">
2006 China Open (snooker)

The 2006 Star Dragon Woods Villa Cup China Open professional ranking snooker tournament took place from 20–26 March 2006 at the Beijing University Students' Gymnasium. This was the penultimate ranking event of the season, preceding the 2006 World Championship. 
Mark Williams won the tournament, beating John Higgins 9–8 in a high quality final.
__TOC__
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
Winner: £30,000
Runner Up: £15,000
Semi Finalist: £7500
Quarter Finalist: £5600
Last 16: £4000
Last 32: £2500
Last 48: £1625
Last 64: £1100
Stage one high break: £500
Stage two high break: £2000
Stage one maximum break: £1000
Stage two maximum break: £20,000
Qualifying.
Qualifying for the tournament took place in Pontin's Prestatyn, Wales between November 15 and November 18, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20880111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880111" title="Badnian">
Badnian

Badnian is a village of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 33°48'0N 73°33'0E with an altitude of 786 metres (2585 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20880116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880116" title="Madder">
Madder

Madder, the common name for the dye plant "Rubia tinctorum" and its relatives in the genus "Rubia", may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20880135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880135" title="Perak Coronation Cup">
Perak Coronation Cup

The Perak Coronation Cup is a Malaysian Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1985 at the Perak Turf Club racecourse in Ipoh, Perak. Held during the third week of November, the 1600 meter (1 mile or 8 furlongs) race on turf is open to horses age three and older. Due to repairs to the racecourse, the 1997 race had to be run at a distance of 1800 meters.
The Coronation Cup was inaugurated in 1985 to commemorate the installation of Azlan Shah as the Sultan of Perak.
Milestones.
W. K. Seow won the Coronation Cup as a jockey in 1987 then ten years later as a trainer.
In 2000, Catherine Treymane became the first female jockey to win the race.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20880136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880136" title="Nick Gilder (album)">
Nick Gilder (album)

Nick Gilder by Nick Gilder was released in 1985 on the RCA Records label.
Track listing.
"Scream Of Angels" is featured in the movie "The Wraith".
"Footsteps" is featured in the movie, "Youngblood"

</doc>
<doc id="20880150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880150" title="Willi Hein">
Willi Hein

Willi Hein (26 April 1917 – 25 October 2000) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Willi Hein was born in Hohenwestedt. He attended the local elementary and secondary schools and left in March 1933.
He obtained a position as a trainee salesperson from April 1933 to March 1936, then worked as a businessman from April 1939 to October 1939 on the island of Sylt.
World War II.
After the outbreak of World War II, Hein volunteered to join the SS-VT in September 1939 and was posted to the SS Regiment "Germania" and in May 1940 to the SS Regiment "Nordland".
He was selected to become an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule in Bad Tölz from 1 November 1941 to 31 January 1942. After graduation he was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and posted to the 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking" on the Eastern Front, as a platoon commander in the 5th SS Panzer Regiment.
In October 1943, Hein was complemented by Adolf Hitler for his outstanding defensive performance in the Battle of Kharkov.
He was given command of the 2nd Company, 5th SS Panzer Regiment in November 1943, entered on the Honour Role of the German Army, and, in January 1944, he was awarded the German Cross in Gold.
Hein was involved in the Battle of Cherkassy in the area of Olschana. The division was surprised by a Soviet attack;
he gathered two hastily repaired Sturmgeschütz and 25 Grenadiers and launched a counterattack which resulted in the destruction of three T-34 tanks, fifteen anti-tank guns and taking 200 prisoners. The unit held out against further Soviet attacks and maintained the German line until reinforcements arrived.
For these actions he was awarded the Knight's Cross in May 1944.
In September 1944 Hein was given command of the I.Battalion, 5th SS Panzer Regiment, shortly afterward on 5 January 1945 Hein was severely wounded in his lower leg in the fighting for Budapest and spent the rest of the war in hospital at Bad Aussee in Austria. His promotion to Hauptsturmführer was on 30 January 1945.
Willi Hein survived the war and died on 25 October 2000, in Lauenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20880164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880164" title="Jadranko Bogičević">
Jadranko Bogičević

Jadranko Bogičević (Serbian Cyrillic: Јадранко Богичевић ;born 11 March 1983 in Milići) is a Bosnian football player currently playing for Ironi Nir Ramat HaSharon. He usually plays as left full-back.
Career.
After starting in FK Jedinstvo Brčko, he made a great move to the Serbian club FK Crvena Zvezda, where he stayed two seasons. Afterwords, he returned to Bosnia, and played first in FK Borac Banja Luka, before moving in 2007 to FK Modriča. Since January 2010 he plays for FK Željezničar Sarajevo.
He was part of the Bosnian U-21 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20880174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880174" title="Angelo P. Graham">
Angelo P. Graham

Angelo P. Graham is an American art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for three more in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Graham won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for three more:

</doc>
<doc id="20880215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880215" title="Silberstein">
Silberstein

Silberstein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20880227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880227" title="John Ashton (bishop)">
John Ashton (bishop)

John William Ashton (1866 – 20 March 1964) was the second Bishop of Grafton.
Ashton was educated at Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield and the University College, Oxford before beginning his ordained ministry as a curate at All Saints' Northampton. In 1896 he emigrated to Australia where he was Rector of St Andrew’s Brisbane and then Vicar of East St Kilda before his ordination to the episcopate. He died on 20 March 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20880233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880233" title="Oorah (organization)">
Oorah (organization)

Oorah, or sometimes Oorah Kiruv Rechokim, Hebrew for "awaken and bring in those who are far," (a reference to educating non-observant Jews) is an incorporated Orthodox Jewish kiruv (outreach) organization founded in 1980 "with the goal of awakening Jewish children and their families to their heritage." It is a United States based 501(C)3 non-profit organization whose stated mission is to "reach out to Jewish families everywhere with life-enhancing learning opportunities, resources and programs – all with a warm, human touch.".
Organization biography.
Oorah, Inc. was founded by Rabbi Chaim Mintz and its day-to-day operation is run by Rabbi Eliyohu Mintz (son of the founder) out of Lakewood, New Jersey.
Programs.
Separate summer camps for boys and girls and Jewish holiday enrichment are just some of the things Oorah manages. Oorah organizes Jewish outreach and adult learning programs and seminars. It promotes family support and development. A large portion of funds goes towards yeshiva tuition for Jewish children from non-observant homes.
Fundraising.
Oorah employs a number of different fund-raising entities to keep its many programs running. They operate Kars 4 Kids, a car-donation program, and Cucumber Communications, a phone service.
Controversies and criticism.
In the summer of 2007, 31 undocumented workers doing work for a subcontactor at Oorah's summer camp were arrested in a raid by ICE and local law enforcement. Camp director Eliyohu Mintz stated that the organization was not aware that the workers lacked employment authorization.
Mary Murphy of New York City's Channel 11 news prepared a story on Oorah's "Kars 4 Kids" fund-raising division's lack of disclosure of the religious nature of its programs in its radio and billboard advertising. The report was criticized by some local Jewish residents as yellow journalism.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported that "what is left unsaid Kars 4 Kids' radio advertising, and what also is conspicuously absent from the charity's web site, is that almost all money raised through the Kars4Kids charity goes to a Lakewood, N.J.-based program set up to pay for private schooling and other educational programs. It aims to bring Jewish schoolchildren and adults closer to their heritage." The article also cites a 2004 Better Business Bureau report that criticizes Kars 4 Kids and Joy for Our Youth, another Oorah subsidiary, for its charity accountability standards. Kars 4 Kids' website has since been modified to disclose its affiliation with Oorah and that the organization's purpose is to provide "for the spiritual, emotional and practical needs of Jewish children".
Joy for Our Youth paid $65,000 in fines in Pennsylvania and Kars4Kids paid $65,000 in fines in Oregon in settlements reached with the respective state attorneys general as a result of investigation of alleged misleading practices in those states. 
On September 11, 2010, Oorah's website was hacked by radical Islamists posting antisemitic messages.

</doc>
<doc id="20880236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880236" title="Porterville, Western Cape">
Porterville, Western Cape

Porterville is a town in the Western Cape province in South Africa.
Town at the foot of the Olifants River Mountains, 27 km south-east of Piketberg and 155 km north-east of Cape Town. It was laid out in 1863 on the farm Pomona, previously Willems Vallei, and became a municipality in 1903. Named after William Porter, Attorney-General of the Cape Colony from 1839 to 1866.
It is situated 140 km north of Cape Town on R44 road at the base of the Olifants River mountains. Agriculture in the area is dominated by wheat production.
The town was established in 1863 and named after William Porter, Attorney General of the Cape Colony. The population is around 12000.
Demographics (2001).
Area: 7.95 km²
Population: 5,864 (737.53 per km²)
Households: 1,654 (208.03 per km²)

</doc>
<doc id="20880246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880246" title="Mangrove oyster">
Mangrove oyster

The mangrove oyster ("Crassostrea gasar") is a true oyster in the Ostreidae family.
Habitat/Distribution.
The mangrove oyster is found in tropical intertidal zones. It grows on the bark of the stilt sections of mangrove trees, which are exposed during low tides and covered during high tides. It can also be found on some other suitable intertidal substrates in its range. This oyster has evolved to survive exposed to the air during low tides. The mangrove oyster is found on Caribbean and Atlantic South American shorelines and West African shorelines.
History and Culture.
Sir Walter Raleigh, as part of an expedition to Guyana, famously encountered the mangrove oyster near Pitch Lake during his stopover in Trinidad. In his later account of this journey, Raleigh described the mangrove oyster as more delicious than the European oyster. Raleigh also cited Pliny and Andre Thevet's "French Antartique" as prior descriptions of mangrove oysters in European texts.
Raleigh's widely-read account of the expedition, which had intended to find El Dorado, the mythical city of gold, included many exaggerated claims about the region. Due to this context, Raleigh's relatively accurate description of oysters growing on tree branches has been met with incredulity by generations of readers.
Mangrove oysters are eaten in Trinidad and Tobago as part of the traditional cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="20880248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880248" title="Beeran Gali">
Beeran Gali

Beeran Gali (also known as Berin Gali or Baran Gali) is a Union Council of Abbottabad District, in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. located approximately 20 km from Abbottabad city.
History.
This area was historically known as "Baad Burhan", and is mentioned by Al Biruni in his famous book "Ta'rikh al-Hind, The Chronicles of India", from 1030. Al Biruni describes Baad Burhan as a beautiful area.
Topography.
The area is situated between two mountains, Thandiani and Miranjani. It is located at 34°11'40N 73°21'50E and has an average elevation of 2176 metres (7142 feet) above sea-level.
Subdivisions.
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas:
Andarseri, Beerangali and Jhafar.
Demographics.
Its population numbers about 12,300. Ethnically, the two main tribes are the Karlal or 'Kiraal' and the Quraishi. In popular local lore, the inhabitants of this area are particularly courageous. According to the author of Hazra Gazetteers, the people of this area had not accepted the British rule, and were found to be most resistant till 1947.
There are two high schools, one each for boys and girls as well as numerous middle and primary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20880254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880254" title="Roger Hambright">
Roger Hambright

Roger Dee Hambright (born March 26, 1949 in Sunnyside, Washington) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Hambright played for the New York Yankees in . In 18 career games, he had a 3-1 record with a 4.39 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Hambright was drafted by the Yankees in the 67th round of the 1967 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20880258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880258" title="George R. Nelson">
George R. Nelson

George R. Nelson (May 22, 1927 – August 25, 1992) was an American set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for three more in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Nelson won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for three more:

</doc>
<doc id="20880265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880265" title="Mother Nature Network">
Mother Nature Network

Mother Nature Network is an Atlanta-based media company that owns both mnn.com and treehugger.com. Launched in 2009 by Rolling Stones keyboardist Chuck Leavell and former marketing executive Joel Babbit, MNN's equity partners include both CNN and Discovery Communications.
Content.
MNN's content is designed for a mainstream audience and claims to go beyond traditional "green" issues to encompass a wide range of topics.
Business model.
While treehugger.com follows a more standard advertising approach, mnn.com's model is sponsorship-oriented. Each of the site's different content categories is sponsored exclusively for a 12-month term, during which time the sponsor receives a 100 percent share of the promotional units on all pages within its respective category. Sponsors include:
Nonprofit partners.
MNN has worked with a wide range of nonprofit organizations, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20880266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880266" title="Ménélik">
Ménélik

Ménélik, now MNLK (Albert Tjamag, born on 10 September 1970 in Yaoundé, Cameroon), is a French rapper.
Biography.
He went to France at the age of nine. Then he met MC Solaar and started to write songs for artists such as No Sé, DJ Jimmy Jay and RPM. In 1995, he released his first album entitled "Phenomenelik" and participated in Solaar's concerts. He toured across Europe and gained a Victoire de la Musique in 1996 in the category 'Male revelation of the year'. In 1997, he released his second album "Je me souviens" which provided the number five hit "Bye-Bye".

</doc>
<doc id="20880282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880282" title="Daniel Beichler">
Daniel Beichler

Daniel Beichler (born 13 October 1988 in Graz) is an Austrian footballer currently playing for SK Sturm Graz.
Career.
After three years playing in Germany, in 2013 he returned to Austria to sign with SK Sturm Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="20880302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880302" title="Ministry of Communication, Science and Technology">
Ministry of Communication, Science and Technology

The Ministry of Communication, Science and Technology is a Tanzanian government ministry that was established in February 2008. The ministry's roles are policy formulation, monitoring and evaluation, and regulatory and legal matters pertaining to communication, ICT, science, technology, and innovation.
Ministry institutions.
Subsidiary organizations include:

</doc>
<doc id="20880324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880324" title="Longtime Coming">
Longtime Coming

Longtime Coming by Nick Gilder was released in 1999 on the Page/Oasis/Orchard labels. 
This CD contains songs remixed from his previous CD, "Stairways," 2 new songs * plus re-recordings of his 2 number one hits, "Roxy Roller" and "Hot Child in the City."
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Nick Gilder

</doc>
<doc id="20880326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880326" title="Ya'akov Katz (politician born 1951)">
Ya'akov Katz (politician born 1951)

Ya’akov Dov "Katzele" Katz () (born 29 September 1951) is an Israeli politician. He led the National Union party from 2008 to 2012, for whom he was a member of the Knesset, and is also the Executive Director of Beit El yeshiva Center Institutions and Arutz Sheva.
Early life.
Katz was born 29 September 1951 in Jerusalem. A fifth generation Israeli, he graduated from the Bnei Akiva Yeshiva High School in Kfar Haroeh, and went on to study in Yeshivat Mercaz HaRav in Jerusalem.
Military career.
In 1970, he enlisted in the IDF and volunteered to serve in Sayeret Shaked. He served under then OC Southern Command General Ariel Sharon in the 1971 campaign in Gaza. In 1972, he completed his officers’ course with distinction and commanded his own commando unit in Sayeret Shaked.
With the outbreak of the Yom Kippur War in 1973, Katz was second in command of "Koah Patzi", code name for a 12 man squad from Sayeret Shaked comprising only officers. Operating directly under Ariel Sharon, the squad carried out bloody missions primarily behind enemy lines. On the eighth day of the war, General Sharon sent Koah Patzi to locate and destroy the largest incursion yet of Egyptian commandos sent in to prevent the Israelis crossing over the Suez Canal. In a key and bloody engagement, the 12 members of Koah Patzi killed the 70 entrenched Egyptian commandos. During the ensuing battle, Katz took a direct hit in his left hip by an RPG missile that left him near death. While lying in the desert sand seriously wounded, he made a personal oath to God, that should he survive, he would devote his life to settlement and education. Katz fought death for months afterward in Beilinson Hospital.
It was during that period that he met his future wife Tami, a sociology student at Bar-Ilan University, who had volunteered to work in Beilinson Hospital helping nurse the worst wounded.
Beit El.
After six months in hospital, he returned, on crutches, to study four more years in Yeshivat Mercaz HaRav, under the tutelage of Rabbi Tzvi Yehuda Kook and Mazkir Bnei Akiva Shlomo Aviner. In 1977 he joined the group that established the Beit El settlement in Samaria in the West Bank. In 1978 Katz together with his Rabbi Zalman Baruch Melamed split with the Beit El group and founded a new settlement which was called "Beit El B". Katz was one of the original members of the Gush Emunim movement.
Later years.
With the election of Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin in 1977, Katz, with wife and children, were among the first ten families to establish the Israeli settlement of Beit El in the northern Judean Hills surrounding Jerusalem. Katz founded the Beit-El Yeshiva Center, an educational center comprising a myriad of institutions with over 1,200 students: the Beit El Yeshiva and Kollel, Teachers' College, Har Brakha Hesder Yeshiva, Bnei Tzvi Yeshiva High School, Ra'aya Academy for Young Women (high school), Beit El Pre-Military Academy, as well as Arutz Sheva.
Bureaucratic life.
Katz served as an assistant to Ariel Sharon when Sharon was Housing and Development Minister. Katz was involved in the absorption of olim from the former Soviet Union, and was responsible for building more than 35,000 housing units in East Jerusalem, the West Bank and the Golan Heights. These houses doubled the Jewish population beyond the Green Line.
Media.
In 1987, Katz bought an oceangoing vessel upon which to set up a radio station, Arutz Sheva (Channel 7), as an alternative station with a national religious orientation. The station never received a license to broadcast. After the station was shut down, in 2002, he founded the weekly Israeli newspaper BeSheva.
In 2003, he was convicted of operating an illegal radio station and on two counts of perjury for having lied about the location of the broadcasts. In 2006, President Moshe Katsav pardoned him.
Political career.
In December 2008, Katz became chairman of the National Union alliance. In the 2009 elections the party won four seats, and Katz entered the Knesset.
Katz pledges to rebuild sovereign Jewish Gaza.
In a March 2010 proposal to curb illegal immigration and the increase of illegal work aliens, Katz has suggested that a "special town" be created in southern Israel that would be "less convenient and glamorous" then the currently attractive city of Tel Aviv.
Katz did not contest the 2013 elections, and consequently lost his Knesset seat.
Personal life.
Akiva Margaliot released a CD called "Aseh" containing songs with musical arrangements composed by Katz.
He is married with seven children.

</doc>
<doc id="20880331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880331" title="Mike Handiboe">
Mike Handiboe

Aloysius James (Mike) Handiboe (July 21, 1887-January 31, 1953) nicknamed "Coalyard Mike", was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Handiboe played for the New York Highlanders in . In 5 career games, he had 1 hit in 15 at-bats, with 2 walks. He batted and threw left-handed.
Handiboe was born in Washington, D.C. and died in Savannah, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="20880335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880335" title="Blues Unlimited">
Blues Unlimited

Blues Unlimited (ISSN 0006-5153) was a British monthly music magazine dealing with all aspects of blues music. Co-founded in 1963 by Simon A. Napier (not to be confused with Simon Napier-Bell) and Mike Leadbitter, it was - along with its later American counterpart "Living Blues" - considered one of the premier magazines for blues music.
The magazine launched in 1963 as a typed, mimeographed pamphlet; its last issue (#149), by then a full-fledged photo-offset production, was published in the winter of 1987 and edited by Mike Rowe.

</doc>
<doc id="20880341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880341" title="Operation Parthenon">
Operation Parthenon

Operation Parthenon was a British plan for military intervention in Zanzibar following the 1964 revolution. The operation was authorised by the British Commanders Committee East Africa on 30 January. The main objectives were to restore law and order in Zanzibar and to prevent the radical left-wing Umma Party from taking control of the government from the moderate Afro-Shirazi Party. The forces assigned to the operation included two aircraft carriers, three destroyers, a Royal Fleet Auxiliary vessel, 13 helicopters, 21 transport or reconnaissance aircraft, a battalion of Foot Guards, a battalion of Royal Marines and an independent company of paratroopers. The plan was to launch a helicopter and parachute assault of Unguja, Zanzibar's main island, before proceeding to take the smaller island of Pemba. If it had been carried out, Parthenon would have been the largest British airborne and amphibious operation since the Suez Crisis of 1956. Parthenon was scrapped around the 20 February and replaced with Operation Boris.
Origins.
The Zanzibar Revolution occurred on 12 January 1964 when 600–800 mainly African men led by John Okello and supported by the Afro-Shirazi and Umma Parties overthrew Sultan Jamshid bin Abdullah and his largely Arab government. This resulted in civil disorder, looting of Arab-owned property and organised killings of Arabs. The ASP, led by Abeid Karume, and the Umma Party, under Abdulrahman Mohamed Babu, formed the Revolutionary Council to govern the country. Following these events several western governments, who suspected the revolutionaries had the backing of Cuba, the Peoples Republic of China and other communist countries, made plans for the evacuation of their citizens. The United States carried out an evacuation of 61 of its citizens, including 16 NASA employees at a satellite tracking station, on the 13 January. Following the American evacuation the US government stated that it recognised that Zanzibar lay within Britain's sphere of influence and that it would not intervene further. The US did, however, urge that Britain cooperate with other African Great Lakes countries to restore order on the island.
The first British military presence in Zanzibar was HMS "Owen", a survey ship diverted from the Kenyan coast, which arrived on the evening of 12 January. The frigate HMS "Rhyl" and Royal Fleet Auxiliary ship RFA "Hebe" joined "Owen" at Zanzibar on the 15 January. The arrival of "Rhyl" caused some concern to the revolutionary government as she carried a company of troops from the first battalion of the Staffordshire Regiment who had been sent to Zanzibar from Kenya due to inaccurate reports that security there was deteriorating rapidly. The "Hebe" exacerbated the situation as she had just finished removing stores from the naval depot at Mombassa and was loaded with weapons and explosives, as a result the Royal Navy refused to allow representatives from the Zanzibari government on board to search the ship, prompting rumours that she was an amphibious assault vessel.
These forces completed a partial evacuation of British citizens from the island on 17 January. Shortly after this "Rhyl" was dispatched to Tanzania with the Staffordshire Regiment company to quell riots in the Tanzanian Army, "Owen" collected a company of Gordon Highlanders to replace them. On 30 January the British Commanders Committee East Africa authorised Operation Parthenon, whose objective was to restore law and order in Zanzibar should the Revolutionary Council fail to do so. Specifically there was a concern that the radical left-wing Umma Party, supported by Okello's armed militia, would oust the more moderate members of the ASP from government and seize control.
The operation.
Operation Parthenon would have been a full scale assault on the revolutionary forces defending Zanzibar to prevent the Umma Party from cementing its control of the island. It would have involved forces far in excess of previous plans which concentrated on the evacuation of and protection of European citizens. The Operation would have involved the landing of British land forces by parachute and helicopter on the island of Unguja to secure the airport before repeating the process on Pemba. The operation plans required a maximum of two aircraft carriers, three destroyers, "Owen", 13 helicopters and 21 transport or reconnaissance aircraft. The land forces would have been provided by the second battalion of the Scots Guards, 45 Commando of the Royal Marines and one company of the second battalion of the Parachute Regiment. If it was carried out Parthenon would have been the largest British airborne and amphibious operation since the Suez Crisis. The two carriers selected for the operation were HMS "Centaur" and which were transferred to the region in readiness. With the revelation, around 20 February, that communist troops may have trained the Zanzibar revolutionaries the British planners decided that a different mix of forces was required for the task and Operation Parthenon was replaced by Operation Boris.

</doc>
<doc id="20880345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880345" title="Veena Ramgoolam">
Veena Ramgoolam

Veena Ramgoolam (née Brizmohun) is a Mauritian, the wife of Navin Ramgoolam, the leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister of Mauritius. She held the same post while her husband was in office of Prime Minister twice, once from 1995 to 2000 and secondly from 2005 to 2010.
Early life.
Veena made her studies on Social science at the University of London. She married Navin Ramgoolam on 8 July 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20880367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880367" title="Dynamic efficiency">
Dynamic efficiency

Dynamic efficiency is a term in economics, which refers to an economy that appropriately balances short run concerns (static efficiency) with concerns in the long run (focusing on encouraging research and development).
Dynamic efficiency in growth model.
The Ramsey-Cass-Koopmans model does not have dynamic efficiency problems, but the Diamond Growth model is dynamically inefficient because of the overlapping generation setup; there is an allocation point which is better than the competitive equilibrium allocation point.

</doc>
<doc id="20880372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880372" title="W. Stewart Campbell">
W. Stewart Campbell

W. Stewart Campbell is an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Campbell was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20880375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880375" title="Operation Boris">
Operation Boris

Operation Boris was a British plan for military intervention in Zanzibar following the 1964 revolution. It was devised around 20 February to be used of the radical left-wing Umma Party attempted to take power. It replaced the earlier sea-based Operation Parthenon with a parachute assault launched from Kenya. However the operation was not required and was jeopardised by the lack of co-operation from the Kenyan government and populace for an attack on Zanzibar. Boris was replaced by Operation Finery, an amphibious helicopter assault, on 9 April 1964.
Objectives.
Operation Boris was intended as an intervention to be implemented if the radical left-wing Umma Party attempted to seize control of the Revolutionary Council from President Abeid Karume's more moderate Afro-Shirazi Party. The British believed that this could be accomplished if the Umma Party gained the support of John Okello, leader of the recent revolution and Field Marshal of country's military forces. Operation Boris was designed as a replacement for, Operation Parthenon, an earlier plan that would depend on a force of Royal Navy vessels acting as the start point for an assault. Boris had been devised around 20 February 1964, when the British government was informed that communist bloc troops may have helped to train the Zanzibar revolutionaries and that a new mix of troops would be better suited to an assault.
Plan.
The British had identified Unguja, Zanzibar's southern island, as the main base of revolutionary power, whilst Pemba, to the north, was less affected. Thus Operation Boris would commence with a parachute assault on Unguja's airfield, launched from pre-existing British airfields in Kenya, with troops securing Unguja before repeating the tactic on Pemba. However the success of Boris was not assured as it was recognised by the planners that any unilateral intervention by Britain against Zanzibar would cause a "strong adverse reaction" in Kenya. Britain had previously informed Kenya, Uganda and Tanganyika that if they requested British intervention in Zanzibar then it would be forthcoming but no such requests were received. Furthermore the Kenyan government had stated that its clearance for British troops to move freely in Kenya did not extend to any intervention in Zanzibar. In any case the security of British forces in Kenya could not be guaranteed if there was local opposition to the intervention and Zanzibari forces would likely be informed of any impending attack by sympathetic Kenyans. With this in mind the Defence Council replaced Boris on 9 April with Operation Finery, an amphibious helicopter assault.

</doc>
<doc id="20880391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880391" title="Fury Brook Farm">
Fury Brook Farm

Fury Brook Farm, also Bairdlea Farm, is located on King's Highway in the Town of Chester, New York, United States, just north of the hamlet of Sugar Loaf. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 to help protect the land around it from development.
It was established in 1731, the first farm on the Wawayanda Path, which King's Highway follows. Several decades later many of the horses used by the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War were bred and raised on its pastures.

</doc>
<doc id="20880398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880398" title="Operation Finery">
Operation Finery

Operation Finery was a British plan for military intervention in Zanzibar following the 1964 revolution. It was a replacement for the earlier operations Parthenon and Boris, amphibious and airborne assaults. Finery circumvented the reliance of the earlier plans on bases in Kenya, where government and local support for an intervention were not forthcoming. Instead Finery would have utilised the commando carrier HMS "Bulwark" to land Royal Marines on Zanzibar to protect Karume's government. Because of delays in the deployment of "Bulwark" Finery was supplemented by Operation Shed, that could be launched at shorter notice. The expected coup did not occur and Finery was scrapped on 29 April 1964, although Operation Shed remained in place.
Objectives.
The Zanzibar Revolution had occurred on 12 January 1964 and since then British forces had kept a presence in the area to safeguard European citizens. Since 30 January British forces had also been kept on standby to launch a military intervention in the event that the radical left-wing Umma Party staged a coup to overthrow the President Abeid Karume's moderate Afro-Shirazi Party which controlled the governing Revolutionary Council. The first operation with this objective was Operation Parthenon which would have used two aircraft carriers, four other ships, 34 aircraft and elements of the Scots Guards, the Parachute Regiment and 45 Commando of the Royal Marines to launch an amphibious and airborne assault on the main, southern island of Unguja before taking the northern island of Pemba. Parthenon remained in place until around 20 February when it became known that the forces of the Revolutionary Council may have received military training from communist troops, it was then decided by the British Defence Council that a different mix of forces was required. Thus Parthenon was replaced by Operation Boris. Boris would have made use of British airfields in Kenya to launch the attack, however it was decided that secrecy could not be maintained in Kenya where some of the population sympathised with the Zanzibaris and so, on 9 April, Operation Finery was developed as a replacement.
Plan.
"Finery" would have involved a helicopter assault on Unguja, the main base of revolutionary power, by Royal Marines from the commando carrier HMS "Bulwark". The plan circumvented the need to operate from Kenya, where secrecy could not be guaranteed and the government did not support intervention, but as "Bulwark" was required for operations in the Middle East it would take 14 days for Finery to be launched once it had been ordered. In order to provide a more immediate response plans were put in place for a smaller scale operation which could be launched within 24 hours should evacuation of remaining British citizens in Zanzibar be required. The merger of Zanzibar with Tanganyika to form Tanzania on the 23 April may have provided the catalyst for the Umma Party to attempt a coup and so from around this date Finery was supported by Operation Shed, an airlift of a battalion of troops, accompanied by scout cars, to seize Unguja's airfield and protect Karume's government. The expected coup did not occur and Finery was scrapped on 29 April 1964, although Operation Shed remained in place.

</doc>
<doc id="20880399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880399" title="Chasnala mining disaster">
Chasnala mining disaster

The Chasnala mining disaster was a disaster that happened on 27 December 1975 in a coal mine in Chasnala near Dhanbad in the Indian state of Jharkhand. An explosion in the mine followed by flooding killed 372 miners.
When a roof of coal caved in, of water per minute flooded into the mine. The miners were trapped under a mountain of debris and drowned when the water surged into the mine. The Indian Iron and Steel Company (IISCO), which owned the mine, said it conformed to international standards.
The film Kaala Patthar depicts the tragedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20880412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880412" title="Lluís Carreras">
Lluís Carreras

Lluís Carreras Ferrer (born 24 September 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a left defender but also as a defensive midfielder, and the current manager of RCD Mallorca.
He started his professional career with Barcelona, without much success, and went on to amass La Liga totals of 169 games and eight goals in representation of six other clubs, namely Mallorca. He also 149/25 added in Segunda División over the course of six seasons.
After retiring, Carreras became a coach.
Football career.
Born in Sant Pol de Mar, Barcelona, Catalonia, Carreras was a product of FC Barcelona's famed youth system, "La Masia". He made his first-team debut on 4 April 1993 in a 3–0 home success against CD Logroñés, in what would be his only La Liga match of the season.
After two loans with interesting playing time, at Real Oviedo and Racing de Santander, Carreras returned to "Barça". Although he appeared regularly in 1995–96's league, the club came out empty in silverware.
Carreras then lived his most steady period at RCD Mallorca, although never an undisputed starter. He achieved top flight promotion in his first season, then proceeded to amass roughly over 100 overall appearances.
Subsequently, Carreras had similar experiences with both Atlético Madrid and Deportivo Alavés: after featuring regularly in the clubs' promotion from the second division, he saw very little time in the follow-up top flight campaigns. In between he played with Real Murcia in the main category, for one season.
Carreras' career would end on a sour note: when playing for the Basque side, he clashed with eccentric owner/chairman/manager Dmitry Pietrman; teammate Roberto Bonano, who stepped up in his defense, was also suspended.
Both retired shortly afterwards and, as Alavés changed hands, Carreras returned to the club to have his first coaching experience in 2009, with the B side in the fourth level. In his debut campaign at the helm of CE Sabadell FC, he led the team to promotion to division two.

</doc>
<doc id="20880425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880425" title="Operation Shed">
Operation Shed

Operation Shed was a British plan for military intervention in Zanzibar following the 1964 Zanzibar revolution. It was one of a series of operations devised by the British to be implemented in the case of an attempt to seize power from President Abeid Karume by the radical left-wing Umma Party. Shed succeeded the earlier Operations Parthenon and Boris and was an alternative to Operation Finery. Shed would have involved an airlift of a battalion of troops to Unguja to provide support to Karume and to protect European citizens. The risk of a coup passed by 29 April 1964 and it was determined that any intervention would be opposed by Karume's forces and a Soviet training team. With this in mind Shed was modified on 9 June to an airborne assault by Royal Marine commandos from HMS "Centaur", which would then be supported by the landing of a battalion and armoured cars from Kenya. The continuing presence of British and friendly nationals in Zanzibar complicated the matter and, around 23 September 1964, Shed was replaced by Plan Giralda.
Background.
The Zanzibar Revolution had occurred on the 12 January 1964 and since then British forces had kept a presence in the area to safeguard European citizens. Since 30 January British forces had also been kept on standby to launch a military intervention in the event that the radical left-wing Umma Party staged a coup to overthrow President Abeid Karume's moderate Afro-Shirazi Party which controlled the governing Revolutionary Council. Operation Shed was the fourth British plan for this eventuality, following Operations Parthenon, Boris and Finery. Parthenon and Boris had been cancelled by the time that Shed was designed and Shed was to act as a supporting operation to Finery. Finery would have involved a helicopter assault by Royal Marines from the commando carrier HMS "Bulwark". However, "Bulwark" was required for operations in the Middle East and so Finery could only be launched following 14 days notice. In addition, the merger of Zanzibar and Tanganyika to form Tanzania on 23 April had raised concerns in the British commanders that the Umma Party would launch a coup to prevent the merger which would limit their power. Shed was designed as a contingency plan to provide a quicker response if it seemed likely that the Umma Party could stage a coup quicker than Finery could be launched or if British citizens were in immediate danger.
Operation.
Shed would have entailed the airlift of a battalion of British troops to Unguja, the main base of revolutionary power, to provide support to Karume and any forces loyal to him. The primary objectives were to seize the airfield and other strategic locations, protect Karume and his government, protect British and European citizens and to disarm any forces which were a threat to Karume. The operation was planned on the basis that troops would only be sent with the agreement of Karume and that their disembarkation would be unopposed. The Commonwealth Relations Office had sought to persuade the Nigerian government to support Shed with additional troops but had been turned down.
Aftermath.
By 29 April the danger of a coup had passed so Operation Finery was scrapped and Shed stepped down to 24 hours readiness. On May 21 the Chiefs of Staff acknowledged that Karume's agreement probably would not be gained and that a landing may be opposed. Intelligence sources also stated that Karume's 300-strong police force were now outnumbered by other security forces of unknown loyalties and that elements of the Zanzibari Army and a Soviet training team guarded the airfield by night. The Zanzibari army was known to be in possession of light anti-aircraft guns, heavy machine guns, 120 mm mortars and 57 mm anti-tank guns. Karume's police were also expected to side with the army against any foreign intervention unless specifically ordered not to by Karume. A 300 strong Tanganyikan police unit was already on the island to keep the peace and was expected to support the British intervention, however it was of negligible use as a fighting unit. In light of this information Shed was modified on 9 June to an airborne assault by Royal Marine commandos from HMS "Centaur" which would then be supported by the landing of the battalion and cars from Kenya. Despite these modifications the Minister of Defence, Peter Thorneycroft, stated that losses amongst British and Zanzibari forces would likely be high if the plan went ahead. The continuing presence of 87 British citizens and 40 "friendly nationals" in the country also complicated matters as British troops would be expected to protect these civilians from violence. Thus Shed was replaced by Plan Giralda around 23 September 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20880428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880428" title="Flag of Maastricht">
Flag of Maastricht

The flag of Maastricht (Dutch: "Vlag van Maastricht", Limburgish (Maastrichtian variant): "Veendel vaan Mestreech" or "Drappo vaan Mestreech") is the official flag of Maastricht, the capital city of the province of Limburg, Netherlands. It constitutes a red vertical surface with a five-pointed star on its left side (a star that is common amongst many flags e.g., the flag of Chile). It had been an historical flag, with its first image of appearance dating from 1545, of the municipality but was replaced with a flag identical in design to, amongst others, the current Polish flag in 1938. To avoid confusion, the old flag was reinstated in 1994.
History.
In 1438 the flag of Maastricht is described as being as a six-pointed star on a red field, with the first historic image dating from 1545. The mentioned image was published in the "Wappenbuch von Meister IK"-book in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. However, in 1549, the flag is stated as being "yellow-white-red". In 1647, the white-star-on-red design had apparently returned when the Peace of Münster treaty was signed. The next known design is the white-red (with the upper part of the flag being white, and the lower part being red) design similar to the Polish flag. In 1993 it was decided by the municipal government to reinstate the first design and the flag was re-inaugurated on January 1, 1994.
Design.
The height of the white star on the flag has to measure 3/5 of the entire flagheight and the space above and beneath the star has to be equal. Furthermore, the proportions between the height and the width has to be 2:3. This design designation has been in use since 1994. The reasons for rechoosing this design were varied. Firstly, there was to be no confusion with flags of other countries, provinces or cities. Secondly, the citizens of Maastricht were argued to feel more united by this design than the 1938-1994 design. Thirdly, the flag complies with the heraldric standards of the Netherlands. Finally, the colours of the Maastrichtian flag are white and vermilion, ones also used in the flag of the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20880429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880429" title="United States Treasury Police">
United States Treasury Police

The United States Treasury Police were the federal security police of the United States Department of the Treasury responsible for providing police and security to the Treasury Building and the Treasury Annex.
History.
In 1879 guards known as watchmen were appointed to safeguard the coins, currency and documents of the US Treasury and fell under the office of the Chief Clerk of the Treasury department. They were later renamed as the Treasury Guard Force. On 1 July 1937, the Secretary of the Treasury placed the TGF along with the Guard Force of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, under the authority of the United States Secret Service where they became the Uniformed Force of the Secret Service. 
On 1 July 1953 the Uniformed Force was again split in half and one half again became the Guard Force of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing. 
After 1960 when the USSS moved out of the main treasury building the TGF became responsible for arresting and interviewing check and bond forgers and performing on-site investigations into thefts, threats, violence, and deal with mentally ill persons on Treasury property.
In 1970 the TGF became the Treasury Security Force and in 1976 the Guards became Police officers after a ruling by the United States Civil Service Commission. In 1983 the TPF became the Treasury Police Force and in 1986 merged with the Uniformed Division of the Secret Service.
Organization.
Headed by a Chief of Police, the TPF was a relatively small force which operated in three shifts each headed by a lieutenant. The Nightwatch administrator, the Pass and Reception Sergeant, and the training lieutenant reported directly to the Chief.

</doc>
<doc id="20880430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880430" title="Skelpick">
Skelpick

Skelpick () is a small remote crofting hamlet, 2 miles south of Bettyhill, in the far north of Caithness, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20880438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880438" title="Citrusdal">
Citrusdal

Citrusdal is a town of 5,000 people in the Olifants River Valley in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is situated at the base of the Cederberg mountains about north of Cape Town. Agriculture in the area is dominated by citrus fruit farming, hence the town's name. Natural hot water springs occur in the area.
History.
Citrusdal was established in 1916 by the Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk to serve the upper Olifants River valley. The church bought a portion of Middelpost farm, on which a township was laid out. A town council was established in 1957.
Demographics.
In the 2001 Census the population of Citrusdal was recorded as 5,023 people in 1,401 households. 73% of the residents described themselves as "Coloured", 21% as "White" and 6% as "Black African". The dominant language is Afrikaans, spoken as the first language of 95% of the population, while 4% speak isiXhosa and 1% speak English.
Schools.
Citrusdal High which is situated in the Olifant’s River Valley is a small school with appropriately 350 students.

</doc>
<doc id="20880439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880439" title="Plan Giralda">
Plan Giralda

Plan Giralda was a British plan for military intervention in Zanzibar following the 1964 revolution. Giralda was intended to be launched if the radical left-wing Umma Party attempted to launch a coup against the government of President Julius Nyerere's newly formed Tanzania. It was the fifth and final British plan for such an eventuality, following Operations Parthenon, Boris, Finery and Shed. Giralda would have required British Army units, Royal Marines and Royal Navy vessels from the Far East to be deployed to Zanzibar if a request was received from Nyerere. Follow on units would be sent after the main assault from the British garrison in Kenya. The operational constraints of sending troops over such long distances, the reluctance of the Kenyan government to weaken the British presence in their country, the reduction of Western presence in Zanzibar and the strengthening of the political situation in Tanzania made intervention unlikely and the plan was suspended in October 1964. The newly elected Labour government cancelled the plan in December.
Objectives.
The Zanzibar Revolution had occurred on the 12 January and since then British forces had kept a presence in the area to safeguard European citizens. Since 30 January British forces had also been kept on standby to launch a military intervention in the event that the radical left-wing Umma Party staged a coup to overthrow President Abeid Karume's moderate Afro-Shirazi Party which controlled the governing Revolutionary Council. Plan Giralda was the fifth British plan for this eventuality, following Operations Parthenon, Boris, Finery and Shed. The other four operations had been cancelled by the time that Giralda was put into place. Giralda was designed as a replacement for Operation Shed and was introduced around 23 September 1964. Since the revolution Zanzibar had merged with the African mainland country of Tanganyika to form Tanzania and Giralda was designed as a means of intervention in case the Zanzibar-based Umma Party attempted a coup against President Julius Nyerere of Tanzania.
Operation.
Plan Giralda was to have used British troops from Aden and the Far East to launch a military intervention in Zanzibar. Troops from British garrisons in Kenya had been designated for previous intervention plans but they were cancelled due to security and secrecy concerns. Giralda called for an infantry battalion and a tactical headquarters unit to be shipped from Aden to the British naval and air base on Gan in the Maldives where they would rendezvous with a Royal Marines commando unit and vessels of the Royal Navy drawn from the Far East. Because of the long distances involved it was estimated that it would take 11 to 15 days for the entire force to reach Zanzibar following the initial order. Once the force had reached the island it was capable of remaining embarked and out of sight of land for up to 15 days before operational efficiency would be compromised. One of the problems facing the plan was that President Nyerere's agreement had to be given for the operation to go ahead and the 11 to 15 day delay between this agreement and the arrival of troops may have weakened his resolve for action. If, however, the troops were sent in anticipation of this agreement they could only remain on board the ships for a finite time before they would have to be publicly disembarked. Resource constraints meant that an amphibious assault force with attendant ships could not be kept permanently ready in the theatre as this capability had been ruled out in the 1961 strategy paper "British strategy in the 1960s".
Giralda would have relied on follow on forces drawn from bases in Kenya or transported through Kenya from Aden to maintain security after the initial assault. The movement of these troops was subject to the agreement of the Kenyan government and so put the safety of British troops at the discretion of a foreign government. Similar political problems had affected the reinforcement of Kuwait in 1961. The support of the Kenyan government might have been difficult to obtain as the reinforcements may have come from the British garrison there which had recently been required to quell mutinies in the Kenyan army. By the autumn Western interests in Zanzibar were practically non-existent and in October the British Chiefs of Staff were informed that Nyerere was very unlikely to request intervention and as a result the plan was suspended. The October 1964 British general election 
brought in a Labour government which scrapped Giralda in December. The government decided not to inform Nyerere that it no longer considered itself bound to respond to any request for intervention. Giralda was the last plan for British military intervention in Zanzibar.

</doc>
<doc id="20880445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880445" title="Bagpiper">
Bagpiper

Bagpiper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20880458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880458" title="Only Men Aloud!">
Only Men Aloud!

Only Men Aloud! is a male voice choir from Wales. The choir came to national prominence in the UK when they won the "Last Choir Standing" competition run by BBC television during 2008.
Overview.
The choir was formed by Tim Rhys-Evans, a classically trained singer and former musical director of Welsh National Youth Opera. It has 15 members and is based in Cardiff.
Following "Last Choir Standing", the choir signed a five-record deal with Universal Music and released their first album. They performed with Josh Groban at The Royal Variety Performance in 2008.
The choir embarked on their first UK tour in April/May 2009 with singer and soap star Amy Nuttall joining them as a special guest. The performance at the Cardiff International Arena featured a one-off performance with Bonnie Tyler.
In October 2009, the choir held auditions at the Wales Millennium Centre, Cardiff to find two new members to join them. Later that month the choir's second album, "Band of Brothers", went straight to number one in the UK Classical Charts, where it remained for three weeks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8313370.stm] The album went on to win the NS&I Album of the Year 2010 at the Classical Brit awards.
The choir embarked on their second UK tour in December 2009. Their special guest was Welsh soprano Gwawr Edwards. In 2010, the choir was given its own Welsh-language television series, "Only Men Aloud", on S4C.
In May 2010 Tim Rhys Evans embarked on a new project, to revive the male voice choir tradition, by forming Only Boys Aloud The boys made their first public appearance at the Ebbw Vale Eisteddfod in Ebbw Vale and received three standing ovations for their renditions of Calon Lan, Sosban Fach and Don't Stop Believing.
Only Men Aloud! completed a 16-date UK Christmas Tour in December 2010. Their special guest was West End singer, Katy Treharne. The show at the CIA in Cardiff also featured Only Boys Aloud who sang "Don't Stop Believing" and "You Raise me Up" with Only Men Aloud!
Only Men Aloud! were also the musical guests on the Christmas Day 2010 edition of BBC One's "Strictly Come Dancing". They sang a specially-arranged version of "Silent Night" and "I'll Be Home For Christmas".
In 2011, Only Men Aloud released their third album called "In Festive Mood", made a 15-date UK Christmas Tour and released "Only Men Aloud - The Book". "In Festive Mood" entered the UK Classical Charts at Number 8. A BBC Wales series, "Only Boys Aloud: the Academy", was devoted to Only Boys Aloud!
On 27 July 2012, Only Men Aloud performed at the opening ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games. They performed on Caliban's Dream, as the Olympic cauldron was lit. The track is featured on the soundtrack of the ceremony, "". It was digitally released as a downloadable track on iTunes at midnight on 27 July after the ceremony. It was the highest placed track from the soundtrack on iTunes in the UK, reaching no. 5 when the charts were announced on 29 July. On 5 August, it entered the main charts at number 12.
Tim Rhys-Evans was awarded an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list in June 2013. He was awarded the honour for services to music and for charitable services.
In May 2013, It was announced that Only Men Aloud would go through a radical restructure later in the year to become an eight piece group. The decision was made for logistical reasons as they looked to expand their global appeal. At the end of September 2013, the new look line up was announced and the new eight piece group performed two shows in the Elgar Rooms, Royal Albert Hall.
Line-up.
Conductor: Tim Rhys-Evans
Choir:
Wyn Davies,
David Fortey,
Ben Smith,
David Mahoney,
Niall Allen,
Craig Yates,
Huw Euron,
Stephen Hamnett.
Previous members include David Thaxton ("Les Misérables", "Passion"), Alan Winner ("Gone with the Wind"), Noel Sullivan (Hear'Say)!, and Jon Robyns ("Avenue Q", "Les Misérables").

</doc>
<doc id="20880481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880481" title="Bruce Schultz (bishop)">
Bruce Schultz (bishop)

Bruce Allan Schultz (24 May 1932 – 27 July 2012) was the eighth Bishop of Grafton in the Anglican Church of Australia.
Schultz was educated at Culcairn High School, St Columb’s Hall and St John’s College, Morpeth. He was briefly a sheep farmer before beginning his ordained ministry as a curate at Broken Hill. After this he was priest in charge at Ardlethan and then the Archdeacon of Rockhampton and Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Grafton.
Schultz died in Buderim Views in 2012. He was the husband of Janet and the father of Anne, Peter, Leigh and Luke.

</doc>
<doc id="20880501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880501" title="Aintree Motor Racing Circuit">
Aintree Motor Racing Circuit

Aintree Motor Racing Circuit is a 3-mile (4.83 km) motor racing circuit in the village of Aintree, Merseyside, England. The circuit is located within the famous Aintree Racecourse and used the same grandstands as horse racing. Built in 1954 as the "Goodwood of the North", hence the fact the two venues had so many things in common.
The circuit has hosted the Formula One British Grand Prix five times, in 1955, 1957, 1959, 1961 and 1962.
In addition to the Grands Prix, the circuit also held 11 non-championship Formula 1 races, known as the Aintree 200, first won by Stirling Moss in 1954 with the last winner being Jack Brabham, in April 1964 (Brabham had made his Formula One debut at the circuit in the 1955 British GP). Aintree was the location for the famous race in 1955 in which Stirling Moss won his first British Grand Prix, driving a Mercedes. Two years later, he and Tony Brooks (sharing the Vanwall) became the first British drivers to win both the British Grand Prix and a round of the Formula 1 World Championship, whilst driving a British car, a Vanwall. The 1957 Grand Prix also took the title of Grand Prix de Europe and was the premier Formula 1 event of the season, attracting 150 000 spectators. 
The full Grand Prix circuit was last raced on in 1964, but part of it (the Club Circuit) is still open and was used for racing until the early 1980s, having been operated by the Aintree Circuit Club [http://www.aintree.org.uk] from the mid-1960s to the late 1990s. A limited amount of motor sport continues today in the form of car sprints, track days and motorcycle racing on the Club Circuit.
The Motorcycle events are organised by Aintree Motor Cycle Racing Club [http://www.AintreeMotorcycleRacingClub], who run 6 events at Aintree each year. 
The Car events are orgainsed by Liverpool Motor Club [http://www.liverpoolmotorclub.com/] in the form of three sprints, in April, June and September and two trackdays in May and October on the club circuit. Nick Algar, the 2010 British Sprint Champion, set a new course record of 35.82 seconds on the 1847-metre sprint course on 26 June 2010 in a Gould GR55 3500cc. The record was previously set by Roy Dawson on 8 September 2007 in the same car, in a time of 36.03 seconds. Nick Algar's speed through the finish line speed trap was 172 mph, although he did manage a speed of 176 mph on an earlier timed run that day.
In addition, the Club Circuit sees occasional use by visiting events such as the Greenpower Electric Car Races for Schools Sporting Bears Motor Club giving Dream Rides for Charity [http://www.sportingbears.org.uk/index.html, and also bicycle racing. The Club Circuit itself is situated within the Aintree Grand National Course, and in turn contains a public 9 hole Golf Course operated by Aintree Racecourse.
Spectators are welcome at all of Aintree's Motorsport events; access is from Melling Road, Aintree, (Nearest postcode: L10 8LF). 
"(Note - The circuit plan on the right incorporates errors in its annotation. " 
"Sefton Straight should be shown as the straight between points 2 & 3 on the plan - ie between Anchor Bend & Cottage Corner" 
"The long straight between points 6 & 7 - ie between Bechers Bend and Melling Crossing - is actually Railway Straight, not Railways Straight). " 

</doc>
<doc id="20880525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880525" title="Engineering the Dead">
Engineering the Dead

Engineering the Dead is the second album by the death metal band Aborted. It was released on August 6, 2001 and re-released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20880528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880528" title="Alfred Ernest Newbould">
Alfred Ernest Newbould

Alfred Ernest Newbould (24 October 1873 – 25 April 1952) was a British cinematographer and Liberal politician.
Family and Education.
Newbould was born in Burton upon Trent in Staffordshire, the son of J J Newbould from the nearby village of Tatenhill. He was educated at Burton Grammar School. He was married twice, first in 1909 to Grace Lucy Kirby. They were divorced in November 1929. Just a few days after his divorce was made absolute, Newbould married Dorothy Irene Pugh by whom he already had one son, born early in 1929.
Career.
Newbould originally joined the British Army as a trooper in the 1st Royal Dragoons and fought in the Second Boer War, but his main profession was in the developing entertainment industry, the cinema. He was a director of Provincial Cinematograph Theatres and worked for Gaumont British as a publicist. He was also a Chairman and Director of Associated Provincial Picture Houses Ltd; a director of London Film Company Ltd and director of Fenning’s Film Service Ltd. He was sometime Chairman and later President of the Cinematograph Exhibitors' Association of Great Britain and Ireland, Chairman of the Cinematograph Trade Council and a member of the Entertainment Industry Committee. He was said to act as the Cinema Trades unofficial representative in the House of Commons.
Politics.
Leyton West, 1918.
Newbould first stood for Parliament at the 1918 general election in the east London constituency of Leyton West. As an Independent Liberal and supporter of H H Asquith he was not the recipient of the coalition ‘coupon’ which went instead to his Coalition Conservative opponent, Harry Wrightson. In a straight fight between Coalition Conservative and Liberal candidates, Wrightson emerged the winner with a healthy majority of 5,668 votes. Within days of the declaration of poll however, Wrightson contracted influenza, which deteriorated to pneumonia, and he died early in 1919, aged 44, six days before the new Parliament met and so was never able to take his seat.
Leyton West by-election.
Wrighton’s death necessitated a by-election and Newbould was again chosen to stand for the Liberals. His opponent was another Coalition Conservative, James Francis Mason. Once again there was no Labour candidate. In the by-election Newbould’s main campaign points were the abolition of conscription and a crackdown on profiteering the first policy was said to appeal to men and the second to women. Unfortunately for part of the contest he was confined to bed with a bad cold and his wife was engaged as principal canvasser on his behalf On a turnout of 42.5%, (down from the general election turnout of 49.9%) Newbould won what was seen as an important victory for the Asquithian Liberals improving his share of the vote from 32.6% at the general election to 57.3% in the by-election. According to psephologist John Ramsden, this amounted to a swing of 24.8% and was statistically one of the worst by-election reverses of the 1918-1922 government.
Liberal Reunion.
Newbould was an advocate of Liberal reunion in the early 1920s, before the fall of the Lloyd George coalition. He co-hosted a function with John Wallace the Coalition Liberal MP for Dunfermline Burghs in June 1921 attended by about 40 MPs from both sides of the Liberal divide with the aim of stimulating the process of reunion. It was not a gathering which had the approval or endorsement of either the Independent or Coalition Liberal headquarters but an opportunity for individuals from both wings of the party to re-affirm their beliefs in Liberalism as a creed and to make public statements in support of traditional Liberal policies such as Free Trade, Ireland and the economy. However a few weeks later this particular movement towards reconciliation within the Liberal family foundered, mainly as a result of the Independent Liberals’ fear that their approaches would be viewed as a willingness to become formally associated with Lloyd George and their determination to let it be known that they could not contemplate the possibility that Lloyd George might one day lead the party again.
Other Parliamentary contests.
Newbould lost his seat at Leyton West in 1922 to Conservative candidate James Cassels in a three-cornered contest, with Labour candidate Alfred Smith (later MP for Sunderland from 1929–31) also entering the fray. He tried to win it back at the next opportunity in 1923 again facing a three-cornered contest with Cassels and Smith and came agonisingly close to regaining the seat, Cassels holding on by a majority of 64 votes (or 0.2% of the poll). Newbould fought Leyton West again in 1924 but this time came third in the poll behind the victorious Cassels and Smith in second place. He did not stand for Parliament again.
Other Liberal activity.
In 1927 he was nominated by the London Liberal Federation to sit on a committee of the Liberal Party under the chairmanship of Lord Buxton, to look into the organisation and health of the party in London constituencies.
In 1928 he stood unsuccessfully for the Liberals in the Hackney North constituency at the London County Council elections.
Death.
Newbould died at Ferring-by-Sea in West Sussex, where he had his home, aged 78 years on 25 April 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20880543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880543" title="Snješko Cerin">
Snješko Cerin

Snježan "Snješko" Cerin (born 18 January 1955) is a retired Croatian association football striker who spent most of his career playing for his hometown club Dinamo Zagreb in the Yugoslav First League in the 1970s and 1980s.
A native of Zagreb, Cerin started playing at NK Trnje, a small local club, in the early 1970s. In 1976 he moved to another local side, the third level minnows NK Zagrebački Plavi (who later merged with NK Zagreb in 1980). In April 1976 the Yugoslavia national football team decided to play a training match against Zagrebački Plavi in preparation for their UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier versus Wales played in Zagreb. The game proved to be a turning point for Cerin as he scored a hat-trick versus the national team and their stalwart goalkeeper Ognjen Petrović.
Cerin instantly became sought after by top clubs. He was first invited by Tomislav Ivić to join Hajduk Split but the deal never materialised as Ivić had left Hajduk for Netherlands at the end of the 1975–76 season to take over Ajax. Dinamo Zagreb then offered him a contract and Cerin joined the club for the 1976–77 season. Cerin then had to wait for his Dinamo debut almost six months under coach Mirko Bazić - he scored his first goal for Dinamo in a 3–1 friendly win against GOŠK Dubrovnik on 10 November 1976 and his league debut came a week later on 17 November in a 6–1 home win against Budućnost in which he scored two goals. His first goal against international opposition came in a 4–0 win against Ajax led by Tomislav Ivić at the Trofej Marjan international tournament played in Split on 17 February 1977.
A very prolific scorer, he led the club to their first league title in 24 years in the 1981–82 season, also becoming the league's top scorer with 19 goals. In his ten seasons with Dinamo between 1976 and 1986 he also won two Yugoslav Cups (1980 and 1983) and was the club's leading goalscorer five times. He made a total of 474 appearances and scored 295 goals for the Blues, including 216 appearances and 101 goals in the Yugoslav First League, and holds the record as the club's top scorer of the Yugoslav era. Alongside players such as Marko Mlinarić and Zlatko Kranjčar Cerin is regarded as one of the symbols of one of the most successful periods in Dinamo's history, in which they also finished as runners-up in the league twice (1976–77, 1978–79) and runners-up in the cup three times (1982, 1985, 1986). However, in spite of his excellent scoring record, Cerin was constantly overlooked by national team managers and was never called up for Yugoslavia.
In late 1985 Cerin had a short stint in the American Major Indoor Soccer League (where he was referred to as John Cerin) and scored a single goal in three matches for Kansas City Comets before being recalled to Dinamo by manager Miroslav Blažević in the winter break of the 1985–86 season. Cerin finally left the club in 1986 and played a single season at SK Austria Klagenfurt (present-day FC Kärnten) in Austria. He then returned to Zagreb and appeared in a handful of games for another small local side NK Novi Zagreb (present-day Hrvatski Dragovoljac) before retiring from football.
Cerin then opened a pub in Zagreb which he ran into the 1990s. In 2001 he moved to Privlaka, a small town near the coastal city of Zadar, where he runs a small retirement home.

</doc>
<doc id="20880555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880555" title="TU9">
TU9

TU9 German Institutes of Technology e. V. is an incorporated society of the nine most prestigious, oldest, and largest universities focusing on engineering and technology in Germany. The current president of TU9 is Ernst Schmachtenberg, rector of RWTH Aachen.
Two members of TU9, RWTH Aachen and TU Munich, are selected as Germany's Universities of Excellence for two funding periods of 2007 - 2012 and 2012 - 2017. Two other members, University of Karlsruhe and TU Dresden, are chosen as Germany's Universities of Excellence for one period of 2007 - 2012 and 2012-2017, respectively. 
Overview.
TU9 was established in 2003 as an informal consortium of those Institutes of Technology in Germany which were established before 1900. Founding president of TU9 is Horst Hippler, also president of the University of Karlsruhe. The incorporated society "TU9 German Institutes of Technology e. V." was solemnly founded on January 26, 2006 at TU Braunschweig. Its head office is in Berlin. The following presidents (or their representatives) attended foundation and signed the certificate of incorporation:
The mission of this organization is to act as contact for society, economy and politics, particularly for the university education of engineers. The members of TU9 mutually accredit their bachelor and master degrees and, therefore, support the progression of the Bologna process and quality assurance concerning university education of engineers.
Policy on higher education.
Associated especially through their core subjects, the engineering sciences, the members of TU9 pay attention particularly to the public perception of topics with high relevance to these sciences. This includes analysis of statistics about third-party funds and the description of the importance of the TU9 universities concerning graduates.

</doc>
<doc id="20880559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880559" title="Kagnout">
Kagnout

Kagnout (also called Cagnout or Cagnut) is a village in Casamance, Senegal. It is located near the left bank of the estuary of the Casamance River.
History.
On March 25, 1851, the leaders of Kagnout permanently ceded the island of Carabane to France.
Administration.
The village is part of the rural community of Mlomp in Oussouye, Ziguinchor.
Geography.
The nearest towns are Carabane, Hitou, Kabounkoute, Niomoune, Loudia Diola, Mlomp, and Samatit.

</doc>
<doc id="20880561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880561" title="Al Roelofs">
Al Roelofs

Alexander Y. "Al" Roelofs (27 October 1906 – 2 July 1990) was an Dutch-born American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Island at the Top of the World".
Roelofs was born "Alexander IJsbrand Roelofs" in Rotterdam to Paul Roelofs and and Catharina de Breij.

</doc>
<doc id="20880570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880570" title="Barry North">
Barry North

Air Marshal Barry Mark 'Baz' North OBE (born 13 September 1959) is a senior Royal Air Force officer, currently serving as Deputy Commander (Personnel) at RAF Air Command. He was a helicopter pilot, and has held command appointments at all levels, notably 78 Squadron in the Falkland Islands and the Special Forces Flight as a Squadron Leader and the newly established No. 83 Expeditionary Air Group in the Middle East as an Air Commodore. 
Service career.
Following an HND in Business Studies at Trent Polytechnic (a predecessor of Nottingham Trent University), North was commissioned as an Acting Pilot Officer in July 1982 - initially on a Short Service Commission - having won two trophies during Initial Officer Training. He was regraded to Pilot Officer in July 1983 during his flying training, and promoted to Flying Officer in July 1984 prior to being posted to 72 Squadron in Northern Ireland in August of that year to fly the Westland Wessex.
He transferred to a Permanent Commission in September 1986 and was promoted to Flight Lieutenant in January 1987, converting to the Chinook before beginning his first tour with the Special Forces Flight of 7 Squadron at RAF Odiham in March. He then served as Aide-de-Camp to the Chief of the Defence Staff, Marshal of the Royal Air Force Sir David Craig from December 1988 until March 1991, being promoted to Squadron Leader in January 1991, before taking command of 78 Squadron in the Falkland Islands, flying both the Chinook and Sea King aircraft, in July.
North returned to the Special Forces Flight in September 1992 as its commander, and was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the 1996 Birthday Honours List, having relinquished that command and joined the Army Command and Staff Course in March. He was awarded an MA in Defence Studies in 1997, having taken up the post of Personal Staff Officer to the Air Officer Commanding No. 1 Group in December 1996, serving Air Vice Marshals John Day and 'Jock' Stirrup in that role, until his promotion to Wing Commander in July 1998, and a transfer to Headquarters Strike Command as Wing Commander Operations.
In October 1999 North took command of 33 Squadron, flying the Puma aircraft from RAF Benson, leading the squadron on the first operation of the newly formed Joint Helicopter Command (JHC) providing humanitarian aid to the people of Mozambique following catastrophic flooding in early 2000. In May 2002 North moved to Headquarters JHC as Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff - Personnel, Policy & Plans and Communications, his promotion to Group Captain following in January 2003. Having led the planning for JHC's role in the invasion of Iraq, he was promoted to Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 2003 New Year Honours List. In April 2004 he was appointed the Station Commander of RAF Aldergrove, also concurrently holding the positions of Senior RAF Officer Northern Ireland and Commander Joint Helicopter Force Northern Ireland.
In 2006, as an Acting Air Commodore, North became the first commander of the newly established No. 83 Expeditionary Air Group, formed to control all RAF air assets within the Middle East theatre of operations, including the commitments to Iraq and Afghanistan; he received a Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in December of that year. In January 2007 North received his substantive promotion to Air Commodore and was appointed Head of Air Resources and Plans at the Ministry of Defence.
North was promoted to Air Vice Marshal and appointed Air Officer Commanding No. 22 (Training) Group in July 2009, becoming Assistant Chief of the Air Staff in March 2010. He was promoted to Air Marshal and appointed Deputy Commander (Personnel) at RAF Air Command on 3 May 2013.
Personal.
North was born in September 1959 and educated at Carre's Grammar School in Sleaford. He was awarded 'Alumnus of the Year' by Nottingham Trent University - the former Trent Polytechnic - in 2011. He also holds an MA in Defence Studies from King's College London.

</doc>
<doc id="20880602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880602" title="George Samolenko">
George Samolenko

George R. Samolenko (born December 20, 1930) is a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Oshawa, Ontario.
Samolenko won the silver medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in ice hockey.
He played for the Paisley Pirates. Samolenko played 62 matches in the British National League.

</doc>
<doc id="20880615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880615" title="List of places in Canada">
List of places in Canada

This is a list of places in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20880648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880648" title="Byron Talbot">
Byron Talbot

Byron Talbot (born 15 September 1964, in Johannesburg, South Africa), is a former professional tennis player from South Africa. He enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won seven doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional six times. He achieved a career-high doubles world ranking of Number 20 in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20880660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880660" title="Basque parliamentary election, 2001">
Basque parliamentary election, 2001

Elections to the Parliament of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain, were held on May 13, 2001.
Results.
The electoral coalition Eusko Alkartasuna-Basque Nationalist Party won 33 seats, the People`s Party came second with 19 seats, the Socialist Party of the Basque Country came in third with 13 seats. The Batasuna party under the name Euskal Herritarrok won 7 seats.
< 1998    2005 >
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left colspan="2" rowspan="2" width=400 |Party
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center colspan="3" |Popular Vote
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center colspan="3" |Seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=60|Votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=40|%
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=50|+/–
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=30|Seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=30|+/–
-Basque Solidarity "Euzko Alderdi Jeltzalea-Eusko Alkartasuna" – EAJ-PNV/EA||604,222||42.72||6.02 ||33||6 

</doc>
<doc id="20880661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880661" title="Skullomie">
Skullomie

Scullomie is a small fishing and crofting township at the head of Tongue Bay in Sutherland in the Scottish Highlands. It is located around north of the village of Tongue on the northern coast of Scotland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland. The place name is spelled Skullomie on some Ordnance Survey maps.
The township lies on the eastern shore of Tongue Bay just north of the mouth of the Kyle of Tongue. Scullomie pier, a category B listed building, was built using a drystone technique. It was one of the sites from which crofters embarked on ships to locations such as America and Australia during the Highland Clearances. The Rabbit Islands are offshore around to the north. The A836 runs to the south through the township of Coldbackie.
Records from the Sutherland estate show that in 1836 the township comprised 13 crofts.

</doc>
<doc id="20880662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880662" title="Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Co Ltd v Veitch">
Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Co Ltd v Veitch

Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Co Ltd v Veitch AC 435 is a landmark UK labour law case on the right to take part in collective bargaining. However, the actual decision which appears to allow secondary action may have been limited by developments from the 1980s.
Facts.
In the Harris Tweed industry on the island of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides, several independent producers of tweed cloth were in a dispute with the Transport and General Workers' Union over working conditions. The TGWU called on dockers in Stornoway, also TGWU members to refuse to handle the yarn imported to the island by the producers.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that there was no actionable conspiracy in this case. Lord Chancellor Simon said, 
Lord Wright affirmed that the union had a right to take part in collective bargaining and more than that said, 

</doc>
<doc id="20880664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880664" title="Alexander Palfinger">
Alexander Palfinger

Alexander Palfinger was the first official in charge of the "Transferstelle" in the Lodz Ghetto, and afterwards in the Warsaw Ghetto. This agency was in charge of the traffic of goods entering and leaving the ghetto. He was succeeded by Max Georg Bischof. "Given the mentality of the Jews," he argued, only the "most extreme exigency" would force them to part with their hidden valuables in return for food. "A rapid dying out of the Jews is for us a matter of total indifference, if not to say desirable."

</doc>
<doc id="20880698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880698" title="1995 FA Charity Shield">
1995 FA Charity Shield

The 1995 FA Charity Shield was the 73rd FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 13 August 1995 at Wembley Stadium and contested by Blackburn Rovers, who had won the Premier League and FA Cup winners Everton. It was Blackburn's second successive Charity Shield appearance, while Everton were appearing in their eleventh and their first since 1987. Everton won the match 1–0 with a goal from Vinny Samways.

</doc>
<doc id="20880712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880712" title="Daniel Lang">
Daniel Lang

Daniel Lang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20880733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880733" title="Ward Preston">
Ward Preston

Ward Preston was an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Towering Inferno".

</doc>
<doc id="20880741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880741" title="Mike Hovancsek">
Mike Hovancsek

Mike Hovancsek (born c. 1967) is a multi-instrumentalist, visual artist, and writer from Kent, Ohio, United States. He collaborated with Egyptian composer Halim El-Dabh since the late 1980s (performing and recording with him, and restoring his early electronic music), and is a former member of the multicultural experimental group, Pointless Orchestra. He plays the "guzheng", koto, guitar, waterphone, and percussion, among other instruments.
In the late 1980s he founded the Pointless Music label, which was devoted to experimental music releases. In his solo work, and with Pointless Orchestra, he recorded and/or performed with such musicians as Jin Hi Kim, Z'EV, Amy Denio, Anna Homler, Illusion of Safety, Reed Ghazala, John Hajeski, and Barry Chabala.
Mike Hovancsek's current output, which he describes as "multicultural chamber music," includes solo recordings, solo performances, and collaborations with many notable members of the world music community. His music often combines instruments from several different cultures in unique ways. For example, on "Hybrids" (from his "Temporal Angels" CD) he combines the Chinese "guzheng", cello, violin, and Middle Eastern dumbek. On "Somniloquy" (also from "Temporal Angels") he combines koto, english horn, and choir. Reviewer Anastasia Pantsios of "Cleveland Scene" describes his work as "elegant, textured music that sounds spare and understated yet is quite complex."
Mike Hovancsek is a graduate of Kent State University, where he majored in psychology and later earned a master's degree in counseling. While there he studied Chinese music with Chia-chun Chu and Japanese koto with Anne Prescott.
Articles about music, written by Mike Hovancsek.
Swords into Plowshares

</doc>
<doc id="20880750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880750" title="Samatit">
Samatit

Samatit is a village in the rural community of Mlomp, Loudia Ouoloff, Oussouye, Ziguinchor, Casamance.
Geography.
The nearest towns are Carabane, Kagnout, Loudia Diola, Elinkine, Santhiaba Ouolof.

</doc>
<doc id="20880753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880753" title="White House Police Force">
White House Police Force

The White House Police Force was a security police force formed in 1922 to protect the White House and the President of the United States. It became part of the United States Secret Service in 1930. It was renamed the Executive Protective Service in 1970 and then the Uniformed Division of the Secret Service in 1977.
History.
The White House Police Force was created on October 1, 1922, at the request of President Warren G. Harding to provide police and security services to the White House and Executive Office Building. Initially the President or his appointed representative supervised the force. 
The White House Police Force was placed under the command of the Chief of the United States Secret Service in 1930. In 1970, it became the Executive Protective Service and its roles and size were expanded. Its responsibilities now included the protection of the White House, foreign missions in and around Washington, D.C., and the Naval Observatory. Together they provide protection for the following: The President and Vice President of the United States and their immediate families, presidential candidates, the White House Complex, the Vice President’s Residence, and foreign diplomatic missions in the Washington DC metropolitan area.
The Executive Protective Service became the Uniformed Division of the Secret Service in 1977. When the United States Treasury Police were merged into the Executive Protective Service in 1986 it became responsible for the main Treasury building and the Treasury Annex building, both of which are adjacent to the White House.
Fallen officer.
Since the establishment of the White House Police, one officer has died in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="20880755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880755" title="Celebrity Mastermind">
Celebrity Mastermind

Celebrity Mastermind is a British television quiz show broadcast by BBC television. The show is a spin-off of the long-running quiz show "Mastermind", with the exception that all the contestants are celebrities. As with the main show, John Humphrys is the host and question-master. Magnus Magnusson was quizmaster on the 2003/04 episodes featuring Jonathan Meades as winner.
Format.
The format of the show is nearly identical to that of "Mastermind", using the same famous theme music and black chair, although the questions are easier. Contestants answer two minutes of questions on a specialist subject followed by two minutes of questions on general knowledge. The contestant with the highest total score is the winner. Whereas in "Mastermind", heat winners advance to a semi-final round and then to the final, "Celebrity Mastermind" winners are given a trophy at the end of every programme and a new contest takes place the following episode. Often, "Celebrity Mastermind" contestants appear on a programme for a particular charity and state at the beginning of the round the name of their chosen charity; however, during "Children in Need" week, all contestants answer questions for Children in Need.

</doc>
<doc id="20880759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880759" title="Sergey Darkin (speedway rider)">
Sergey Darkin (speedway rider)

Sergey Darkin (born 18 June 1973) is a Russian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Russia's national team.
Biography.
Born in Fergana, Uzbekistan, Darkin has been a regular member of the Russian World Team Cup squad, finishing runner-up in 1996. He was Russian individual champion in 2000 and 2002.
After riding in the UK for Eastbourne Eagles in 2001, he joined Coventry Bees in the middle of the 2004 season, riding in fifteen matches in the Elite League and scoring 111 points at an average of 6.68. He also rode for Arena Essex in 2005 and Poole Pirates in 2007. In September 2005 he suffered serious head injuries in a crash at Togliatti in the European Club Team Champions Cup, but was able to return to racing the following year.
He rides for KMZ Lublin in the Polish league, Togliatti in Russia, and signed for Leicester Lions for the 2011 British season, leaving mid-season. He subsequently rode for Swindon Robins in the Elite League.

</doc>
<doc id="20880773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880773" title="Romani people in France">
Romani people in France

French Romani people are generally known in spoken French as "Manouches" or "Tsiganes". The terms "Romanichel" and "Gitan" are considered pejorative, and "Bohémien" is outdated. The French National Gendarmerie tends to refer to "MENS" ("Minorités Ethniques Non-Sédentarisées"), a neutral administrative term meaning "Travelling Ethnic Minorities".
Approximately 400,000 Romani live in France as part of established communities. Additionally, French Romani rights group FNASAT report that there are at least 12,000 Romani who come from Romania and Bulgaria living in illegal urban camps throughout the country. French authorities often close down these encampments. In 2009, more than 10,000 Romani were sent back to Romania and Bulgaria.
In 2009, the European Committee of Social Rights found France to violate the European Social Charter (rights to housing, right to protection against poverty and social exclusion, right of the family to protection) in respect of Romani population.
2010 repatriations.
On 16 July 2010, French police shot and killed a 22-year-old French Romani man who fled a police check-point by driving through it in a BMW car. In retaliation, a group later identified as 'travellers' ("Gens du voyage") attacked and pillaged the village of Saint-Aignan in central France. The local mayor described the disturbances as "a settling of scores between the travellers and the gendarmerie". On the same night and for a few nights thereafter, riots erupted in a Grenoble neighborhood. 
French police in pursuit, having been shot at on three occasions during the chase, in turn shot and killed Karim Boudouda, a 27-year-old resident involved in a robbery at the Uriage-les-Bains casino near the border with Switzerland.
On 30 July, the French President, Nicolas Sarkozy, made a speech in Grenoble concerning the recent events, both there and at Saint-Aignan. He said that anyone who "threatens the life of a police officer or anybody involved in public policing” should have their nationality revoked. He criticized demonstrations against the police that occurred in both cases after perpetrators were killed while committing criminal acts and wantonly endangering police officers' lives, and in this context he was reported as saying that 'he had asked the interior minister to "put an end to the wild squatting and camping of the Roma" as well as to prevent further destruction by the rioters in Grenoble. As president, he said, (he) could not accept the fact that there were 539 illegal Romani camps in his country, and he promised that half of them would be gone within three months.
On Sunday, 15 August, a group of Romani and nearly 250 of their vehicles blocked a major bridge near Bordeaux after being evicted from their campsite in the nearby town of Anglet. The blockade was the first major public protest of Sarkozy’s evictions of Romani all over France.
Sarkozy's office released a statement naming the camps as "sources of illegal trafficking, of profoundly shocking living standards, of exploitation of children for begging, of prostitution and crime". The first groups of Romani left the country on 19 August 2010, and French authorities insisted that they did so voluntarily after offered a resettlement sum of €300 for each adult and €100 for each child. However, the alternative is facing the chance of forcible expulsion in a month. The first flight carried 79 Romani back to their original Romania and over 290 more deportations were scheduled for the following week. Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux planned to work with Sarkozy to dismantle half of the illegal camps in France by November 2010. By the end of the month Hortefeux broke up 51 camps and expelled 700 Romani. France recognizes a threat in Romani returning after they are repatriated to Romania (since many have Romanian passports). The French fingerprint the deportees to ensure that they cannot receive more “handouts” from France. Many repatriated Romani say they will return to France after they are expelled, prompting authorities to fingerprint them upon repatriation. An advisor to the Romanian foreign minister and an ethnic Romani himself, Gheorghe Radulescu, has said of the deportations, “It’s a waste of money with no result. They just opened up a way for our Gypsies to get some money.” In 2009 alone, approximately 10,000 Roma were deported from France, and virtually all of them returned several weeks after they were deported. If they are citizens of the European Union, Romani from Romania and Bulgaria are permitted to travel to France and stay for up to three months. If they “find work, start studies, or find some other way of becoming established in France” they are allowed to stay, but if they do not then they risk deportation. The French government said that the Romani that were expelled in the 19 August group had overstayed their three-month limit without meeting any of the requirements to legally stay for longer.
There were more protests on 4 September, this time totaling between 77,000 and 100,000 people protesting the government’s Romani deportation policy in over 130 French towns. Hortefeux downplayed the protests, calling them a “disappointment” for the organizers.
On 14 September, Viviane Reding, Vice-President of the European Commission responsible for Justice, Fundamental Rights and citizenship made a statement on the recent developments on the Romani situation in France. She called the repatriations “a disgrace”. She also stated, "I am personally convinced the commission will have no choice but to initiate infringement action against France". Her speech came after the 9 September leak of instructions from the French interior ministry saying that the evacuation of 300 illegal camps within three months, with the Romani camps being a “priority.” A few days before the memo was leaked, France’s immigration minister, Eric Besson, insisted that the eviction policy was not being aimed at the Romani and that all migrants not meeting France’s residency laws were being treated equally. Even though Reding threatened initiating legal action against France, on 19 October she said she was content that France responded “positively” to the official request from the European Commission and that the Commission would not be pursuing any infringement procedures. Although the Commission did not pursue any procedures, it did demand that France provide more evidence that Romani were not being intentionally targeted.
Opponents of the expulsions claimed that France, as a member of the European Union, violated the individual rights to freedom of movement as citizens of Romania and Bulgaria, both EU member nations. In fact, according to the terms of accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the EU, France and several other EU countries had reserved the right to limit immigration from these countries (for a few years) to those with work permits, and the expulsions thus did not violate EU rules or France's obligations to the EU. Nevertheless, on 18 August, the EU Commission for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship reminded France of this right of EU citizens and announced that it would continue to monitor the deportation procedures. French authorities argue that they have not violated their obligations to The Freedom of Movement directive because the directive allows for deportation of an EU citizen under circumstances where an individual has resided in a certain country for more three months and cannot provide evidence of sufficient means to stay, for example through employment, or poses a "genuine, present and sufficiently serious threat for public policy or public security". Immigration minister Eric Besson has also said, “Free movement in the European area doesn't mean free settlement. What has been forgotten is that each of the European countries is responsible for its own national citizens."
In response to the events, Romanian President Traian Băsescu acknowledged the problems arising from Romani encampments but insisted on the "right of every European citizen to move freely in the EU". Members of the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination have also criticized the expulsions, labeling them as signs of racism and xenophobia. France responded to the Committee’s claims and insisted that the actions that had been taken, "fully conform with European rules and do not in any way affect the freedom of movement for EU citizens, as defined by treaties." Critics accused Sarkozy, whose approval rating had dropped to a low of 25 per cent and whose government has been involved in several scandals, of using the incident for his political gain. Opinion polls conducted of French voters indicate that a majority approved the deportation measures.
2011 repatriations.
France continues to deport Romani back to their homeland of Romania even after Sarkozy’s three-month Romani eviction policy ended last year. On 12 April a chartered flight left northern France headed for Timisoara in western Romania with as many as 160 Romani on board. Like in the 2010 deportations, those who left France received 300 euros and each Romani child was given 100 euros. The Romani on the 12 April flight all signed declarations that they would never return to France. On 9 August, the city of Marseille in southern France forcibly evicted 100 Romani people via a municipal order who had settled in a makeshift camp near Porte d’Aix. They were given 24 hours to break down their camps and leave. It has also been reported that a chartered flight carrying approximately 150 Romani back to Romania left the Lyon area on 20 September. France’s goal for 2011 is to deport 30,000 Romani back to their home country. As of 2012, France sent about 8,000 Romani back to Romania and Bulgaria in 2011, after dismantling illegal camps where they were living on the outskirts of cities. The actions prompted controversy and calls for greater inclusion of Romani people.
2012 evictions and repatriations.
In August 2012 the Socialist government of François Hollande began evicting and dismantling Romani camps and deporting Romani. Reuters reported that a charter plane flew 240 Romani, including children, back to Bucharest, Romania, from Lyon. According to Manuel Valls, Minister of the Interior the evictions were based on sanitary concerns and tensions with working class neighbors.

</doc>
<doc id="20880778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880778" title="Chico Ruiz (Braves infielder)">
Chico Ruiz (Braves infielder)

Manuel Ruiz Cruz is a former professional baseball player. An infielder, he played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1978 and 1980, for the Atlanta Braves.
Ruiz was signed by the Braves in 1969 at age 17. He began his professional career the following season with the Magic Valley Cowboys, then worked his way up through their farm system, making his major league debut in 1978. In all, he spent his entire fifteen-season playing career in their organization, including all or part of twelve seasons with the Richmond Braves from 1973 to 1984. He retired following the 1984 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20880826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880826" title="2002 ABC Champions Cup">
2002 ABC Champions Cup

The ABC Champions Cup 2002 was the 13th staging of the ABC Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of Asian Basketball Confederation. The tournament was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between April 28, 2002 and May 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20880869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880869" title="DVOA">
DVOA

DVOA can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20880879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880879" title="Seungdusan">
Seungdusan

Seungdusan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20880900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880900" title="Alban Ramaj">
Alban Ramaj

Alban Ramaj (born 8 November 1985 in Peć) is a Kosovar football player who currently plays for FC Homburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20880904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880904" title="Alvah Chapman, Jr.">
Alvah Chapman, Jr.

Alvah Herman Chapman, Jr. (March 21, 1921 – December 25, 2008) was an American newspaper publisher who served at the helm of "The Miami Herald" and as chairman of the Knight Ridder newspaper division.
Biography.
Chapman was born in Columbus, Georgia on March 21, 1921. His family owned the R. W. Page Corporation, which owned the "Columbus Ledger-Enquirer" among other publications. His father was chosen as publisher of "The Bradenton Evening Herald", and he moved to Florida with his family when he was five years old. He was editor of the student yearbook and quarterback on the football team in high school.
He attended The Citadel, graduating in 1942. He endowed the Alvah H. Chapman chair in business management at his alma mater in 1989.
He enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II and was pilot of a B-17 Flying Fortress bomber, flying 37 missions over Europe. By age 23, he was named as a squadron commander. After a mission in which two of his plane's four engines caught fire, he was able to land his plane safely. Chapman was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air Medal.
Newspapers and publishing.
After returning from military service, Chapman was hired by the "Ledger-Enquirer", where he ultimately became the paper's business manager. Chapman was hired in 1953 as the executive vice president and general manager of the "St. Petersburg Times", where he introduced a profit sharing program and developed metrics for employee performance. He and partner Mills B. Lane Jr. purchased the "Morning News" and the "Savannah Evening Press", creating the "Savannah Morning News and Press", which they sold in 1960.
Chapman was hired by "The Miami Herald" in August 1960 to serve as assistant to James L. Knight, who was then serving as general manager of The Herald and executive vice president of Knight Newspapers. "The Herald" appointed Chapman as its president in 1969. In 1974, he played a major role in the merger of Knight Newspapers and Ridder Publications, the biggest newspaper combination to that time. He became the chief executive officer of the combined Knight Ridder in 1976 and was named as the company's chairman in 1982.
Chapman stepped down as chairman of Knight Ridder on October 1, 1989, succeeded by James K. Batten. During Chapman's tenure at Knight Ridder, the chain's newspapers won a total of 33 Pulitzer Prizes and revenues increased threefold. The firm was able to get an operating agreement between Knight Ridder's "Detroit Free Press" and Gannett Company's "The Detroit News" approved by the United States Department of Justice.
Philanthropy.
Chapman was active in philanthropic and civic efforts in Miami and throughout South Florida. He was involved in an effort to rebuild portions of Homestead, Florida and Southern Miami-Dade County that had been severely damaged during 1992's Hurricane Andrew and was part of a $2 billion Downtown Miami renewal project. He was the founder of Community Partnership for Homeless, an organization designed to help Miami's homeless get off the streets and return to self-sufficiency.
He had headed the Florida Philharmonic Orchestra, the Miami Coalition for a Drug-Free Community, Goodwill Industries of South Florida, the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce, Miami Citizens Against Crime, the Orange Bowl Committee, a committee to build the Miami Performing Arts Center and the local United Way. In 1992 he was appointed by President Bush to be the first Chairman of Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America.
With donations from Chapman and $14 millions in contributions from Knight Ridder and associated foundations, Florida International University named the Alvah H. Chapman, Jr. Graduate School of Business in his honor in 2001.
Chapman died at age 87 on December 25, 2008 of pneumonia. He had Parkinson's disease and had experienced a number of strokes, in addition to breaking a hip in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20880908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880908" title="I'm a Hustla (song)">
I'm a Hustla (song)

"I'm a Hustla" is the lead single from rapper Cassidy's second studio album "I'm a Hustla". The song is produced by Swizz Beatz and contains a sample from "Dirt off Your Shoulder" by Jay-Z.
Many remixes have been produced, featuring various alternate guests including Joe Budden and Jay-Z, the official remix features Mary J. Blige. Rapper Missy Elliott also made a freestyle with DJ Khaled.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Benny Boom and features a cameo appearance by Swizz Beatz and Growing Up Gotti stars Carmine Agnello and John Agnello. In the music video you can see Cassidy doing what he titled "the hustla dance" but was later popularized as "the motorcycle" in Yung Joc's video for "It's Goin' Down".

</doc>
<doc id="20880914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880914" title="Edinburgh Astronomical Institution">
Edinburgh Astronomical Institution

The Edinburgh Astronomical Institution was founded in 1811 and wound up in 1847. It was instrumental in the foundation of the Royal Observatory, Edinburgh in 1822. The Institution raised funds, mostly by member subscription, to create three departments: A scientific observatory with an observer was to be under the control of the professors of mathematics, philosophy and astronomy of the University of Edinburgh, a popular observatory was to provide general instruction and amusement and a "physical cabinet" would comprise books, globes, meteorological and other instruments.
History.
The first president of the Institution was John Playfair, professor of natural philosophy. The members were predominantly landed gentry, advocates, bankers, academics, clergy, etc. The City of Edinburgh provided the abandoned observatory on Calton Hill, and the popular observatory was then set up in the existing Gothic Tower. Another observatory building was demolished and in 1818 work started on its replacement, which is now known as the Playfair Building.
The Institution's funds were exhausted before instruments could be purchased for the new scientific observatory. This would be a recurring problem until the Institution's eventual demise in 1847. In 1822 it presented a loyal address to George IV and the new observatory was granted the title of Royal Observatory. With Government grants and after much delay in procuring instruments it was only in 1834 that Thomas Henderson was appointed the first observer. This was now the Government-funded position of Astronomer Royal for Scotland. The incumbent would also be Regius Professor of Astronomy at the University of Edinburgh.
Henderson died in 1844 and in 1846 Charles Piazzi Smyth was appointed as his successor. Due to the deteriorating finances of the Institution it was forced to hand over its property to the Government in 1847. The Royal Observatory continued on Calton Hill. After Piazzi Smyth's resignation in 1888 it moved in 1896 to its present site on Blackford Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="20880915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880915" title="William Dobinson Halliburton">
William Dobinson Halliburton

William Dobinson Halliburton FRS (21 June 1860 Middlesex - 21 May 1931 Exeter) was a British physiologist, noted for being one of the founders of the science of biochemistry.
William was one of four children (three sisters) born to Thomas Gill Halliburton and Mary Strachan Homan of Middlesex. He was educated at the University College School and later at the University College London, obtaining a BSc in 1879. On his MRCS in 1883 he was appointed Assistant in Physiology at the University College under Sir Edward Sharpey-Schafer. His MD followed in 1884, his membership of the Royal College of Physicians a year later and his Fellowship in 1892. Halliburton succeeded Gerald Francis Yeo in the chair of Physiology at King's College in 1889. Over the period of 34 years at King's College he was deeply involved in its administration and was dean of the Faculty of Medical Science for many years. In 1923 his chronic ill-health obliged him to resign from the chair and accept the sinecure of Emeritus Professor.
During his tenure at King's College, he assembled a research team, many of whom later became distinguished clinicians, including such figures as Thomas Gregor Brodie (1866-1916), Frank S. Locke, Sir Charles James Martin (1866-1955), Sir Frederick Walker Mott (1853–1926), Walter Ernest Dixon (1871–1931), Sigmund Otto Rosenheim (1871–1955) and Corrado Donato Da Fano (1879-1927). He and Rosenheim discovered that cholesterol was not pure, but contained ergosterol which led to the formation of vitamin D under ultra-violet light. Halliburton's first laboratory was improvised in a disused corridor, but nonetheless became the meeting place of the keenest minds in the infant science of biochemistry. His early research centered on the proteins making up muscle and blood, leading to his election as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1891. Together with Walter Ernest Dixon he studied cerebral circulation and cerebro-spinal fluid. During this time he helped found the Biochemical Society of which he was the sole honorary member.
Halliburton's name was a celebrated one in the field of medical literature. His writings were detailed and lucid, resulting in textbooks which were valued by students all over the world. The first of these was his ""Textbook of Chemical Physiology and Pathology"" published in 1891, in which he assembled all knowledge of the subject at the time. He rewrote ""Kirkes' Physiology"" completely in 1896 so that it subsequently, through its numerous editions, became known as ""Halliburton's Physiology"" and an indispensable reference work for legions of medical students. It became popular enough for an American publisher to flout copyright laws and to publish and sell unauthorised editions.
Halliburton died after falling ill on a holiday to Cornwall, forcing him to have an unsuccessful operation at an Exeter clinic.

</doc>
<doc id="20880918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880918" title="Peinachorran">
Peinachorran

Peinchorran () is a remote settlement, lying at the end of the B883 road, on the north east headland of Loch Sligachan on the island of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland. It is in the council area of Highland.
Peinchorran is opposite the pier at Sconser on the far side of the loch, the latter being the nearest settlement of any size as the crow flies, although Camastianavaig to the north is closer by road.

</doc>
<doc id="20880925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880925" title="Abraham Buford II">
Abraham Buford II

Abraham "Abe" Buford II (January 18, 1820 – June 9, 1884) was an American soldier and landowner. After serving in the United States Army during the Mexican-American War, Buford joined the Confederate States Army in 1862 and served as a cavalry general in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. After the war, he retired to his native Kentucky and became a thoroughbred horse breeder.
Biography.
Abraham Buford was born in Woodford County, Kentucky, the son of Frances W. Kirtley and her husband, William B. Buford (1781–1848). He was named for his great-uncle Abraham who was a Continental Army officer during the American Revolutionary War. He descended from a Huguenot family named Beaufort who fled persecution in France and settled in England before emigrating to America in 1635. His cousins, John and Napoleon Bonaparte Buford, who grew up nearby, were generals in the Union Army during the Civil War.
Buford studied at Centre College before entering the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York in 1837. Graduating in 1841, as a second-lieutenant with the First dragoons from 1842 through 1846, he did Frontier duty in the Kansas Territory and the Indian Territory. He then served in the Mexican–American War in which he was appointed Brevet Captain for bravery at the Battle of Buena Vista. When that war ended, he was dispatched for further duty on the Frontier and in 1848 was part of the Santa Fe Trail expedition. In 1849, Buford escorted the mail from Santa Fe, New Mexico to the east, using, in part, the new Cherokee Trail. He was then sent to the Army's cavalry school in Carlisle, Pennsylvania but in October 1854 he resigned his commission and returned to his native Kentucky where his family owned a farm property near Versailles in his native Woodford County.
Civil War.
Following the outbreak of the American Civil War, like his native State, Buford tried to stay out of the Civil War and succeeded in doing so for well over a year. In September 1862, during Confederate General Braxton Bragg's invasion of Kentucky, Buford joined the Confederate States Army. He helped raise and took command of a Kentucky brigade and on September 2, 1862 was commissioned Brigadier General. Among his missions, Buford covered General Braxton Bragg's retreat from Kentucky, was part of the Vicksburg Campaign under General Loring, fought in the Battle of Champion Hill, a raid on Paducah, KY on 25 March 1864 under Maj. Gen. N. B. Forrest, the Battle of Brice's Crossroads and was wounded on December 24, 1864 at Richland Creek during the Battle of Nashville when he covered Lt. Gen. Hood's retreat following the Confederate Army's loss. In February, 1865, he commanded a cavalry division in Alabama under the command of Lieutenant General Nathan Forrest until the surrender at Selma following Wilson's Raid.
When the war ended in 1865, Brigadier General Buford returned to his farm in Kentucky where he became a leading breeder of Thoroughbreds.
Bosque Bonita Farm.
Abe Buford named his Woodford County farm Bosque Bonita ("Beautiful Woods"), a place the "New York Times" would call the "most princely residence in the Bluegrass region." It was here that slave Billy Walker was born in 1860 and who went on to ride Baden-Baden to victory in the 1877 Kentucky Derby.
Beginning in 1852, the stallion Sovereign stood at stud at Bosque Bonita, developing into an influential sire. The next year, Abe Buford was part of a syndicate with Richard Ten Broeck, Captain Willa Viley and Junius R. Ward, who bought the then three-year-old colt, Lexington. In 1858 Lexington was sold to Robert A. Alexander of Woodburn Stud for $15,000 in 1858, reportedly the then highest price ever paid for an American horse.
Buford also owned, raced, or bred a number of successful horses including Nellie Gray, Enquirer, Crossland, and Versailles. Mannie Gray, whom "Thoroughbred Heritage" calls "one of the most influential American mares in breeding history," was owned and raced by Buford who sold her to fellow Kentuckian, Major Barak Thomas of Dixiana Farm. In 1866, Leamington's new owner, Canadian Roderick Cameron, sent him to stand at stud at Bosque Bonita for the season. Although Leamington covered just thirteen mares that year, he produced an outstanding crop of foals, including, Anna Mace, Enquirer, Longfellow, Lynchburg, Lyttleton, and Miss Alice.
In 1875, General George Custer came to Bosque Bonita Farm to buy cavalry remounts before the Battle of Little Big Horn.
Later owners.
Since Abe Buford's time, Bosque Bonita has been owned by such prominent horsemen as John H. Morris who had trained horses for George J. Long's Bashford Manor Stable for many years and who operated Woodburn Stud on a long-term lease beginning in 1905. John Morris still owned Bosque Bonita in the 1940s.
Fritz Hawn bought Bosque Bonita Farm in the fall of 1977 from Robert A. Alexander. Two years later he sold the property to William Stamps Farish III who renamed it Lane's End Farm. Some of the famous horses who stood at the farm in recent times and are buried there include Bally Ache (1957–1960), Sovereign Dancer (1975–1994), and Fappiano (1977–1990).
Family tragedies.
During the 1870s Abe Buford suffered a series of financial reversals that forced him into bankruptcy with the resulting loss of Bosque Bonita Farm to his creditors. In addition, he suffered a devastating personal loss when his only son, William A. Buford, died at age twenty-three in 1872. He lost his wife Amanda Harris Buford in 1879 and on March 26 of that same year, his brother, Colonel Thomas Buford of Henry County, Kentucky, shot and killed Judge John Milton Elliott in Frankfort, Kentucky. Tom Buford surrendered to police and was jailed pending trial. Abe Buford came to his brother's aid and spent a great deal of money on legal fees for his defense. On appeal of a guilty verdict, Thomas Buford would eventually be found not guilty by reason of insanity and was sent to the Anchorage, Kentucky psychiatric hospital.
In his final years, Abe Buford made a living working for racing newspapers. In 1884, following his brother Thomas's much publicized escape from the insane asylum with some newspaper headlines saying he was "thirsting for blood", Abe Buford sought some peace and went to visit his nephew Benjamin T. Buford in Danville, Indiana. There, in his bedroom, a very depressed Abraham Buford took his own life. His remains were sent back to Kentucky where he was buried in the Lexington Cemetery.
The Brigadier General Abraham Buford Relief was erected November 21, 1911 on South Confederate Avenue in Vicksburg, Mississippi.

</doc>
<doc id="20880933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880933" title="Experimental hip hop">
Experimental hip hop

Experimental hip hop is a style of hip-hop that refers to the experimental use of structural elements outside of hip-hop considered unconventional within the larger hip hop music genre. Definitive Jux, Anticon, Big Dada and Ninja Tune are experimental hip hop and acid jazz labels. Experimental hip hop is usually electronically produced and incorporates turntablism. There are many artists that introduce acoustic elements to the genre to enhance the ability of being played live.
Avanthop.
Avant garde hip hop, or "avanthop", is a style of experimental hip hop that retains rapping. The origin of avant-garde rap is unclear. De La Soul's "3 Feet High and Rising" could very well be seen as hip hop's first experimental album for its innovative use of different samples and sounds. Today backpackers view the Anticon collective's "Music for the Advancement of Hip Hop" album as the first true avant-garde or experimental hip hop LP.
Production.
Experimental hip-hop production is highly eclectic. Influence is drawn from almost every genre of music. There are elements of Electronic Music and Dub, as well as the use of rock, soul, reggae, classical, and jazz samples, among many others. Experimental hip-hop production expands on the sounds of early 1990s hip hop such as Wu-Tang Clan, A Tribe Called Quest, De La Soul, and The Pharcyde to name a few.
One of the most influential pioneers of experimental hip-hop production is James Dewitt Yancey, better known as J Dilla or Jay Dee. The two main elements of J Dilla's style included sampling and non-quantized drum rhythms. Sampling, or the use of phrases or stabs from other music, is the basis of Hip-Hop production and is a traditional technique. However, J Dilla's way of chopping samples was unique and highly innovative, mostly finding insignificant elements and small phrases in the music to turn into the main melody. Non-quantized drums are another trademark of J Dilla's style. Quantization refers to the editing technique used in programming drums, wherein each drum hit in the pattern is locked to a rhythmic value on a perfect grid. While some experimental hip-hop does use quantized rhythms, the vast majority of it does not. Dilla was a pioneer of this technique and is notorious for not using quantization. He played out his drum rhythms by hand on the pads of his Akai Music Production Center (MPC). This gives his music the effect of having a natural groove or swing, as if a real drummer had played on it. Some more recent producers who are noticeably influenced by this sound, and use similar drum programming techniques include Madlib, Flying Lotus, Karriem Riggins, and Hudson Mohawke. Other legendary producers who are often cited as influences for experimental hip hop include DJ Premier, 9th Wonder, Hi-Tek, Pete Rock, and Ali Shaheed Muhammad of A Tribe Called Quest.
Psychedelic hip hop.
Psychedelic hip hop is a style of hip hop music characterized by complex sample-based beats, often obscure material, and witty, abstract lyrics filled with far-out references. The first examples of this style is some of the more obscure sample-heavy hip hop experiments of the late 1980s. With De la Soul's "3 Feet High And Rising" (1989) and Beastie Boys' "Paul's Boutique" (1989) being examples of such. Another key figure in the development of this genre is Kool Keith of The Ultramagnetic MC's and his many releases under various alter egos, which include "Black Elvis", "Dr. Octagon", and "Dr. Dooom", all employing a very cartoonish and bugged out lyrical style resembling that of MF Doom. [ Fel!X] is also a strong pioneer of psychedelic hip hop, specialising in translucent beats and released an album known as "oxford commas". Madlib is perhaps the most important contributor to this genre, with his releases as Quasimoto (also known as Lord Quas), releasing works such as "The Unseen" (2000) and "The Further Adventures of Lord Quas" (2005), and his collaborative work with MF Doom under the Madvillain moniker, in which they released the collaboration called "Madvillainy" in 2004. Kid Cudi's third solo album "Indicud" released in mid 2013 was self produced featuring psychedelic work, even its main genre is psychedelic and alternative music, including many rock elements. Mac Miller's second studio album "Watching Movies with the Sound Off" contained elements of psychedelic hip hop.
The California-based hip hop and rock group Kottonmouth Kings have called their genre "psychedelic hip hop punk rock".

</doc>
<doc id="20880936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880936" title="Denis Saifutdinov">
Denis Saifutdinov

Denis Damirovich Saifutdinov (; born June 2 1981) is a Russian motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the 2002 Speedway World Cup for Russia.
Saifutdinov was born into a Tatar family. His parents are Damir and Tamara; his brother, Emil Saifutdinov (born 1989) is also a speedway rider. Emil is a current member of Russia's national team, who won the Individual Speedway Junior World Championship in 2007 and 2008.
Denis Saifutdinov was 15th in the 2002 Individual Speedway Junior World Championship and scored 2 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20880937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880937" title="Polska Roma">
Polska Roma

Polska Roma are the largest and one of the oldest ethnolinguistic sub group of Romani people living in Poland. Some Polska Roma also live in North America, Switzerland, Sweden, Great Britain and countries of the European Union. The term "Polska Roma" is both an ethnonym of the group and a term used in the academic literature. As such it is distinct from the terms "Polish Roma" or "Roma in Poland" which denote the broader Roma population in Poland. Polish ethnographer Jerzy Ficowski, writing in the 1950s and 60s used the term "Polish Lowlander Gypsies" (Polish: "Polscy Cyganie Nizinni") to refer to the same group, though this terminology is no longer in widespread use.
Culture.
Polska Roma were nomadic until the twentieth century. They have not assimilated into broader Polish society, or the non-Romani cultures of other countries where they live. They are in fact one of the most traditional Romani groups. One exception to this is that the most common surnames among Polska Roma are characteristically Polish (for example "Kwiatkowski" or "Majewski"), or occasionally Polonized-German (for example "Wajs" or "Szwarc"). Polska Roma generally have had a very strict interpretation of Romanipen cultural laws and practices. Some cultural differences arose however within the community during and after World War II because those of the Polska Roma who spent the war in areas controlled by the Soviet Union were able to hold on to orthodox practice, while those under German occupation and threatened by genocide had to compromise the strictness of their traditions in order to survive.
They are closely related to Xaladitka Roma, or "Ruska Roma" who emigrated to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth together with the Polska Roma. Because the Xaladitka settled in regions of present day Belarus, they became more affected by Ruthenian, rather than Polish, culture.
History.
Origins.
Polska Roma as a distinct ethnolinguistic group formed during the 16th century in western Poland from Roma refugees who had migrated to the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth in order to escape anti-Romani persecution in the Holy Roman Empire. The migration was a result of a wave of pogroms, persecutions and anti-Romani laws in German territories and this had a profound effect on Polska Roma culture and language. Compared to other Roma groups, such as the Bergitka Roma ("Polish Carpathian Gypsies" or "Polish Highlander Gypsies" in Ficowski's terminology) who had actually arrived in Poland earlier in the 15th century, the communities of Polska Roma are more closed and suspicious of outsiders (Gadjo), less "assimilated", and more tied to traditional Roma culture. Their version of the Roma dialect has also incorporated many German words and idioms.
In the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Between the 16th and 18th centuries, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, like other European states, passed anti-Roma legislation. However, unlike in most of European countries, these laws were rarely enforced in large measure because the Roma found powerful protectors among the szlachta (Polish nobility) and benign neglect. Polish nobles, magnates and landowners, placed a high value on the traditional crafts of the Roma, such as metallurgy, husbandry, and wheel wrighting, as well musical skills (which became a standard staple of important occasions), the Polska Roma were usually exempted from the feudal restrictions that tied Polish peasants to the land. They were free to continue the nomadic lifestyle during most of the year, as long as they arrived in the "home town" of their lord on pre-specified market days. In that respect the Polska Roma occupied a social strata above that of the Polish peasants as well as that of other Roma populations, such as the Carpathian Roma (whose mobility was restricted).
In many large magnate latifundia the communities of Polska Roma were also given the right to have a "king", chosen to represent them in legal disputes with outsiders. However, overtime, the office became a source of corruption and in the 18th and 19th centuries the persons were often chosen from outside their group and tended to pursue personal rather than community interests.
Additional anti-Roma laws were passed in Poland and Lithuania when Augustus the Strong, the Elector of Saxony, was elected king of Poland in 1697. Saxony, like most German states of the time had very strong anti-Roma legislation (Roma men were to be killed on sight, often with a bounty paid for their ears, while Roma women and children were disfigured, branded and banished) and upon Augustus' inauguration some of these laws were transferred to the Commonwealth. However, a distinction was made between the laws applicable in Augustus' home state of Saxony and the Commonwealth proper, where the most severe measures were mitigated into monetary fines or simply benign neglect of local authorities.
Shortly before the Partitions of Poland, Polska Roma, like other non-szlachta classes, were granted full citizenship by the Constitution of 3rd May. However, these privileges were lost with the partitions and the Polska Roma were forced back into servile status by the foreign powers (Austria, Prussia, Russia).
During the Polish partitions.
After the partitions of Poland, persecution of Polska Roma became more severe, particularly in the Russian partition. As a result, the size of the group's population declined, at one point falling to as low as 1000 persons within Congress Poland. Another reason for the overall decline was that within the Prussian partition part of the group developed an identity, under the influence of German culture, distinct from those of other Polska Roma and subsequently became the Sasytka Roma. Finally, the 19th century saw an influx of other Romani into the territories of former Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth, in particular the Kalderash and Lovari. These groups competed economically against the Polska Roma within their traditional crafts and in many places successfully displaced them in terms of employment.
Interwar Poland.
After Poland regained its independence, Polish authorities tended to recognize the Kalderash as the overall representatives of the Roma population in the country. Consequently, the "gypsy kings" during this period were chosen from among the Kalderash and policy generally reflected the interests of this group, often at the expanse of the Polska Roma. The latter, like most other Romani sub-groups within Poland who were not Kalderash, did not recognize the authority of these representatives and did their best to ignore or circumvent it.
Porajmos.
After the German invasion and occupation of Poland the Nazis carried out a planned genocide of the Roma population as part of the final solution. Polska Roma, along with other Romani groups in Poland were very much affected. Generally, while other Roma were usually placed in ghettos and then sent to concentration camps, the German SS usually murdered Polska Roma (as well as the Bergitka Roma) in mass executions in forests and secluded places (for example in the Szczurowa massacre).
After World War II.
While prior to World War II a small portion of Polska Roma had become sedentary, most continued a traditional nomadic way of life. Unlike the Lovarii and Kalderash, who often engaged in cross-national Europe wide travels, Polska Roma tended to stay within the borders of interwar Poland or neighboring countries. 
After the war however, the communist government of People's Poland instituted a policy aimed at the "settling" of the Roma population which had survived the Holocaust. Initially this took the form of financial incentives - including free housing and "settlement funds" - but because the policy did not achieve the goals the communist authorities hoped for, by the late 1950s the policy evolved into one of forced settlement and outright prohibitions against the "nomadic" lifestyle. All Polska Roma had to register, "vagrancy" was outlawed, and Roma parents were often jailed if their children failed to attend the same school throughout the year (which was impossible in the context of a nomadic lifestyle). This policy of force resulted in about 80% of the previously nomadic Roma becoming settled, while a portion of the remainder went underground. Still others, emigrated abroad.
The Polska Roma poet Papusza (Bronisława Wajs) became nationally renowned during this period, as did her nephew, Edward Dębicki.
Present.
Currently, Polska Roma live mostly in southeastern Poland, in the area around Nowy Sącz, in Podhale and Spisz.

</doc>
<doc id="20880945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880945" title="Jasmin Spahić">
Jasmin Spahić

Jasmin Spahić (born September 22, 1980 in Mostar) is a retired Bosnian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20880958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880958" title="Thorkild Thyrring">
Thorkild Thyrring

Thorkild Thyrring (born 24 October 1946) is a Danish auto racing driver. He drove several times in the Le Mans 24 hour race, most recently in 2005 and 2006 for Sebah Automotive Ltd in a Porsche 911 GT3. His best result in the race was finishing nineteenth overall in 2005. Previously he raced a Lotus in 1993 and 1994, and a Corvette in 1995. His team had failed to finish the race in all these previous attempts.
He competed in the 1992 British Touring Car Championship for the works Toyota Team, but was dropped after half a season due to poor results, finishing in seventeenth place. He has also raced in the Danish Touring Car Championship in 2000 with a Nissan Primera. He won three British GT Championship titles between 1993 and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20880962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880962" title="INS Lahav">
INS Lahav

The INS "Lahav" (502) "(translated as blade)" is a Sa'ar 5-class corvette of the Israeli Navy that was built by Northrop Grumman Ship Systems in 1993. She is one of three Sa'ar 5-class corvettes in service with the Israeli Navy and her homeport is Haifa, Israel. 
The contract for the construction of the three ships of the class was signed in the early 1980s. The "Lahav" was the second ship of the class to be launched in 1993 and she was commissioned in September 1994. The "Lahav" took part in the 2006 Lebanon War by blockading Lebanese ports. She has also taken part in numerous NATO exercises including one in April 2008 with the Turkish and American navies. 
She took part in the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid.

</doc>
<doc id="20880968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880968" title="The Planet Wilson">
The Planet Wilson

The Planet Wilson were an indie rock band from Hull, that came from the break up of the Red Guitars. They were signed to Virgin Records and released two albums in the late 1980s. 
Biography.
Two of the former Red Guitars band members, Hallam Lewis and Lou Howard, formed the band after the Red Guitars split up in 1985. They were joined by Grant Ardis and latterly Jonah Lacey-Hatton for gigs (formerly of That Noble Porpoise) on drums. Lou Howard played bass and Hallam Lewis was on guitar and vocals. In 1988 they released the album "In the Best of All Possible Worlds" (on Virgin), on which, according to "Trouser Press", "the three bandmembers occasionally seem to be playing different songs". In 1989 "Not Drowning but Waving" (on Records of Achievement) was released. "Trouser Press" described the second album as "uncommon pop music with claws".
Hallam later ran his own recording studio in Hull.
The Planet Wilson reunited for the "Winterlude Special Reunion Party" in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20880973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880973" title="Tim Pawsat">
Tim Pawsat

Tim Pawsat (born December 10, 1963, in Long Beach, California), is a former professional tennis player from the United States. 
Pawsat enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 5 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 3 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 21 in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20880982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880982" title="Selma High School">
Selma High School

Selma High School is a public secondary school in Selma, Alabama, USA, the only public high school Selma City School System.
History.
Selma High School was formed in 1970 in response to court-ordered integration, merging A.G. Parrish High School and R.B. Hudson High School. The school is in the building of Parrish High, which was constructed in 1939. R.B. Hudson's building was converted to Westside Junior High School, was renamed Selma Middle CHAT Academy and, in 2012, became known as R.B. Hudson Middle School. 
In 1990, Selma High received national attention due to a series of protests addressing the school's tracking procedures. The school, like many other, had "ability grouping" tracks for students to set their high school curriculum. However, ethnic minority students in these programs formed a larger percentage of the lower tracks, while the most advanced curriculum had primarily white students in it. In 1990, a group of students led protests at Selma High School against this policy and the dismissal of the system's superintendent, who was trying to address this program. The protests were successful in removing the tracking programs at Selma High and in drawing larger attention to the racial disparities in these programs.
Athletics.
Selma High's sports teams compete in the Alabama High School Athletics Association's 5A classification. As of 2013, the school fielded teams in American football, basketball, baseball, golf, track and field, volleyball and softball.
The school won the 1946 AA, 1947 AA (as A.G. Parish High), 1977 4A, and 1994 6A state boys' basketball championship, as well as golf championships in 1949 and 1950 (as A.G. Parish High). The school holds the record for most consecutive victories in basketball (73, including playoff games and 88 regular season games) and most state tournament appearances.
Alumni.
Notable alumni of Selma High School, and its two predecessors, include:

</doc>
<doc id="20880986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20880986" title="Partenavia Astore">
Partenavia Astore

__NOTOC__
The Partenavia P.48 Astore was a 1950s Italian light aircraft built by Luigi Pascale and his brother in Naples before establishing Partenavia.
Development.
The Astore was a strut-braced high-wing cabin monoplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear. It had two seats in tandem and was powered by a 65hp (48kW) Continental A65 engine. The prototype and only Astore, registered "I-NAPA", was built in a garage in Naples and first flew in 1952, piloted by Mario de Bernardi.

</doc>
<doc id="20881012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881012" title="Giovanni Cannata">
Giovanni Cannata

Giovanni Cannata (born September 17, 1985 in Remscheid) is an Italian-German footballer who currently plays for SV Hüsten 09.

</doc>
<doc id="20881034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881034" title="Coupe Falcou">
Coupe Falcou

The Coupe Falcou is an annual knock-out competition organised by the Fédération Française de Rugby à XIII for amateur rugby league clubs.
History.
Introduced in 1937 the competition was originally known as the French Amateur Cup. The inaugural winners were the short-lived La Rochelle club (during WW2 the club were forced to merge with the town's rugby union club, Atlantique Stade Rochelais, by the Vichy Government of the time).
When rugby league was legalised again at the end of the war the cup was re-instituted as the National Cup and was played between the years 1945 and 1962. Two now defunct clubs dominated the post war years; Facture from near Bordeaux in the Gironde won the cup five times and Lavardac from Aquitaine, who folded in the eighties, won it on four occasions. 
The cup was not played for in the years 1963 to 1976. 
Relaunched in 1977 for amateur clubs the cup was known as the French Federal Cup. From 1992 the competing clubs have vied for the Coupe Falcou, named in memory of Albert Falcou (1911–1990) who devoted his life to the cause of rugby league.
Since 1977 the cup has been won by no less than nineteen different clubs.
Past winners.
French Amateur Cup
National Cup
Federal Cup
Coupe Falcou

</doc>
<doc id="20881036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881036" title="Wholesale marketing">
Wholesale marketing

The consumption and production of marketed food are spatially separated. Production is primarily in rural areas while consumption is in urban areas. Agricultural marketing is the process that overcomes this separation, allowing produce to be moved from an area of surplus to one of need. Food reaches the consumer by a complex network, involving production, assembly, sorting, packing, reassembly, distribution and retail stages. In developing countries the linkage between the producer and the retailer is still usually provided by assembly and wholesale markets, where wholesale marketing takes place using a variety of transaction methods. Recent years have seen an expansion of wholesale marketing in E. European and former CIS countries. On the other hand, the growth of supermarkets in many regions has seen the development of direct marketing and a reduced role for wholesale systems.
Transaction methods.
Wholesaling facilitates the economic function of buying and selling 
(usually termed as "price formation") by allowing the forces of supply 
and demand to converge to establish a single price for a commodity. The 
wholesaler may also perform storage and warehousing functions, as well 
as allowing economies of scale to be obtained in the transportation 
of produce from farm to market. The people involved in wholesaling can 
act simply as merchants, buying and selling produce, can be brokers 
dealing in orders rather than goods, or can be commission agents. Prices are normally established by 
negotiation but some wholesale markets use the auction system. The 
auction is compulsory in all wholesale markets in big cities in Japan. A
volatility in Japan than those at Brisbane.
Wholesaling trends.
Wholesale markets develop in a number of stages. They start as general markets, then become more specialized by trading in specific types of product. A later stage is to transact only graded and well packaged produce. A recent trend in Western Europe and the USA is for large retailers to by-pass the wholesale market system. Direct links are created between producers and supermarket chains, often by means of contract farming arrangements or through the use of preferred suppliers.
Following the collapse of the iron curtain a large number of markets were developed in Eastern and Central Europe in the 1990s and early 2000s. Examples include markets in Warsaw, Gdansk, Budapest, and Bucharest. In other parts of the world, new markets have been built in Amman, Cairo and Mumbai, among many recent developments. Very few new wholesale markets have been built in western countries in the last decades, although old markets have been relocated to new sites (e.g. the new Covent Garden Market relocated to Nine Elms in London and Rome's new wholesale market, relocated from the centre to the east of the city). Those that already exist have tended to also attract warehouses for integrated food distribution, changing their role to "food centers" (in the USA) and including other non-fresh food products. Wholesale markets still have a role in the marketing of horticultural produce but the traditional fresh meat and fish wholesale markets, particularly those dealing with wholesale live produce, are generally being closed down in major urban centres. 
In developing countries, changes in work patterns, particularly the employment of women, and the impact of technological innovations in post-harvest handling, food processing and storage, including the use of domestic refrigerators, tends to encourage the development of one-stop shopping at supermarkets, often on a once-a-week basis. The challenge for wholesale markets in such a trading environment is to retain turnover, both by providing new services to supermarkets and by developing services to the non-supermarket trade and the growing hotel and catering sectors.
Types of wholesale market.
Secondary wholesale markets are generally found only in developing countries these days. They are located in district or regional cities and take the bulk of their produce from rural assembly markets located in production areas, where the transactions are small scale and usually take place between farmers and traders. The distinction between rural assembly markets and secondary wholesale markets is that secondary wholesale markets are in permanent operation (rather than being seasonal in nature or dealing in specialized produce), larger volumes of produce are traded than at the rural assembly markets and specialized functions may be present, such as commission agents and brokers.Wholesaling include all the activity involved in selling goods and services to those buying for resale or business use .Firms engaged primarily in wholesaling are called wholesalers.
Wholesalers buy mostly from producers and sell mostly to retailers, industrial consumers, and other wholesalers. 
Types of wholesalers:
1) Merchant wholesalers are the largest single group of wholesalers, accounting for roughly 50 percent of all wholesaling. Merchant wholesalers include two broad types: full-service wholesalers and limited-service wholesalers .
2) Brokers and agents differ from merchant wholesalers in two ways: They do not take title to goods and they perform few function like merchant wholesalers, Like merchant wholesalers, they generally specialize by product line or customer type. A broker brings buyers and sellers together and assists in negotiation. Agents represent buyers or sellers on a more permanent basis.
Terminal wholesale markets are located in major metropolitan areas, where produce is finally channelled to consumers through trade between wholesalers and retailers, caterers, etc. Produce may also be assembled for export. In some countries, such as India and China, terminal markets also supply other parts of the country. For example, New Delhi serves as a distribution centre to the south of India for apples grown in the Himalayan foothills. The problems of terminal wholesale markets are usually ones of congestion caused by an unsuitable location or by an inappropriate mixture of wholesale and retail functions. Traditionally, wholesale markets were built adjacent to city centres, located at a focal point of the inter-city transport facilities and close to the main retailing areas. Population growth, changes in urban land-use patterns and the development of modern transport systems have all influenced the suitability and functionality of existing sites.
Representative bodies.
The World Union of Wholesale Markets (WUWM) aims to represent wholesale markets internationally, and promote the exchange of information between them for mutual benefit.

</doc>
<doc id="20881059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881059" title="Sipjabong">
Sipjabong

Sipjabong is a South Korean mountain between the cities of Wonju, Gangwon-do and Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20881066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881066" title="Samuel Mor Philaxinos">
Samuel Mor Philaxinos

Late Samuel Mar Philexinose (May 4, 1930 - January 17, 1985) was the first bishop of the Malabar Diocese of the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church.
Late Lamented Samuel Mor Philexinose
Metropolitan of Malabar Diocese, Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church 
1930 May 4: (Malayalam Era 1105 Medom 21) Late Lamented Samuel Mar Philexinose, known previously as Rev. Fr. CG Samuel, was born as the eldest son of Late Kodathu Charuvilayil Ghevarghese and Annammah, of Konni, who were members of the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church, Konni-Vakayar (Thumpamon Diocese). The family traces its origin to the Keekulathu Kizhakkekkara (Vadakkecharuvil Sakha) branch of the ancient family of Mundakkal Illom Tharavad located at Nariyapuram, Omallur, Pathanamthitta District. 
1935-1942: He completed his studies at the Primary and Middle School levels (1st to 7th standard) at Kallara Krishnan Nair (KKN) Memorial English Medium School, Konni.
In 1941, CG Samuel, and his younger brother, KG George became disciples of the Late Lamented Michael Mar Dionysius at a very young age. They together learnt the liturgy of the Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church by heart, served as alter-boys since they were of 11 years old, and used to conduct prayers at home with spirit and fervor.
CG Samuel, later became Rev. Fr. CG Samuel in 1959, and was ordained as Samuel Mar Philexinose, Metropolitan of Malabar Diocese in the year 1975. The Metropolitan, after his demise in 1985, came to be venerated as the ‘Divine Sun-light of Malankara’ (Malankarayude Soorya Thejas).
1942-45: CG Samuel completed his High School Education (Form 1 to Form 3) at Republican School, Konni. 
1945-47: He attained High School Education (Form 4 & Form 5) at KKN Memorial English Medium School, Konni.
1950-52: He completed Intermediate College Education at NSS College, Pandalam. Also, it was in 1950, that the Malabar Diocese was founded. The St. Peter’s and St; Pauls Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church, Meenangadi, came to be established in 1949.
1953-56: He enrolled for the BA (Malayalam) Degree Course at Union Christian College, Aluva.
1955: On 5th Feb 1955, CG Samuel was ordained as a Deacon (Koruyo) at Chingavanam Mar Aprem Seminary by Late HG Abraham Mar Clemis of Knananya Arch Diocese with recommendations from Late Lamented Michael Mor Dionysius (later titled, “The Roaring Lion of Malankara”).
1956-59: Dn. CG Samuel, had undergone his studies in theology and religious practices at St. Ignatius Dayoro at Manjinikkara, and at Trikkunnath Seminary.
1959 Feb 14th: Dn. CG Samuel was ordained as a Priest (Kassisso) at Trikkunnath Seminary by Late Lamented Ghevarghese Mar Gregorios (Valiaparambil Thirumeni) of Ankamali, on instructions from Late Lamented Michael Mar Dionysius. HG Ghevarghese Mar Gregorios later came to be known as the “Iron Man of Malankara”).
1959-61: Rev. Fr. CG Samuel was enrolled for the MA (Malayalam) Degree Course at St. Berchmann’s College, Changanassery.
On 25th Dec 1975, he was ordained as Ramban (Rabban or Very Right Reverend) at the Mar Elia Jacobite Syrian Chapel at Puthencruz.
On 26th Dec 1975, Rev. Fr. CG Samuel was ordained as Metropolitan at the St. Mary’s Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Simhasana Church or the Mar Sabore Afroth Simhasana Church, Thuruthissery, by the Catholicose of the East, HB Baselius Paulose II. Samuel Mar Philexinose was the first metropolitan to be ordained by the Catholicose. It was also one of the first such ceremonies held in Kerala by the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Church. The name Philexinose is translated to mean a friend to strangers.
1976 Jan 6th: The Order of Proclamation as the Metropolitan (Sunthronisso) of Malabar, and Bahya Kerala Diocese, was handed over to him on the day of the remembrance of the baptism of Jesus Christ (Danaha), ay St. Peter’s and St. Paul’s Jacobite Syrian Church, Meenangadi. There were 43 churches in the region of Malabar. The Meenangadi Church was established in 1949. It may be noted that during 1974-75, HG Thomas Mar Dionysius, (the present HB Baelius Thomas I, Catholiose of the East) was in-charge of the Malabar Diocese, while Late HG Geevarghese Mor Gregorios (Perumpally Thirumeni) took active part in the administration of the diocese from April to December 1975.
Late Lamented Samuel Mar Philexinose, was successful in organizing a visit by HH Iganatius Zakka Iwas I (Patriarch of Antioch), to St. Peter’s and St Paul’s Jacobite Syrian Church, Meenangadi, with the help of HG Thomas Mar Dionysius (presently, HB Baselius Thomas I, the Catholicose) in 1982. HG Geevarghese Mor Gregorios, HG Thomas Mar Dionysius, HG Benyamin Mar Osthatheos, and HG Abraham Mar Clemis graced the occasion along with many other dignitaries. 
He was also successful in the formulation of the Constitution for Malabar Diocese from scratch, and obtained the approval of the laity in a democratic manner. The constitution was later endorsed by HH Ignatius Zakka Iwas I, the Patriarch of Antioch.
In the period 1984-85, the Late Thirumeni founded the Jacobite Syrian Vacation Bible Class (JSVBS) when he was the President of Malankara Jacobite Sunday School Association (MJSSA). 
1985, Jan 12th: Thirumeni was admitted to Lissy Hospital, Ernakulam in order to perform a minor surgery of his swollen wounded heel of his left leg that refused to heal due to diabetes. 1985, Jan 17th: On the 17th of January 1985, at 11.20 am, His Grace Samuel Mar Philexinose (SMP), Metropolitan of Malabar and Bahya Kerala Diocese breathed his last at the Coronary Care Center, Lissy Hospital, Ernakulam. He succumbed to a hemorrhage that led to cardiac arrest.
1985 Jan 18th: The last rites of the Late Metropolitan of Malabar Diocese was held at 10 am, and his mortal remains were entombed at St. Peter’s and St. Paul’s Jacobite Syrian Cathedral, Diocese Headquarters, Meenangadi, Wayanad District, Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="20881067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881067" title="Basque parliamentary election, 1998">
Basque parliamentary election, 1998

Elections to the Parliament of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain, were held on October 25, 1998.
The Basque Nationalist Party (PNV) won 21 seats, the People`s Party came second with 16 seats, the Batasuna party under the name Euskal Herritarrok and the Socialist Party of the Basque Country won 14 seats each.

</doc>
<doc id="20881084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881084" title="Jack O'Connell">
Jack O'Connell

Jack O'Connell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20881091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881091" title="Josef Labuda">
Josef Labuda

Josef Labuda (born December 13, 1941) is a Slovak former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bratislava.
In 1964 he was a squad member of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20881092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881092" title="Roy Walker">
Roy Walker

Roy Walker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20881093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881093" title="Lié Louis Périn-Salbreux">
Lié Louis Périn-Salbreux

Lié Louis Périn-Salbreux (October 12, 1753 – December 20, 1817) was a French artist. 
He was born in Rheims, France, where His father was a textile manufacturer. Périn-Salbreux was a painter, pastellist, and a miniaturist.

</doc>
<doc id="20881109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881109" title="Cashiers du Cinemart">
Cashiers du Cinemart

Cashiers du Cinemart is a magazine and a webzine about independent film, published and edited by Mike White. The print version began in 1994 as a zine and evolved over the late 1990s into a more typical magazine format. The title is a reference to the French film magazine, "Cahiers du cinéma". It ceased print publication temporarily in 2008, but continues on the Internet and via print on demand issues. The "Cashiers du Cinemart" writers include Skizz Cyzyk, Leon Chase, Karen Lillis, Mike Malloy, David MacGregor, Andrew Grant, Mike Z, Terry Gilmer, Rich Osmond, Mike Thompson and more.
History.
"Cashiers du Cinemart" openly mocked the basic tenets of film criticism and theory while championing underground and independent film. The magazine became known for its edgy writing and incendiary opinions, as well as its obsessive love for offbeat films. 
In 2010, BearManor Media published a collection of articles from "Cashiers du Cinemart" titled "Impossibly Funky".
In 2011, despite saying that "Cashiers du Cinemart" had ended its run in 2007, new issues were published via print on demand and e-publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20881114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20881114" title="Émile Pinet-Laprade">
Émile Pinet-Laprade

Émile Pinet-Laprade (1822-1869) was a governor of Senegal.
Biography.
Succeeding Bernard Jauréguiberry, Pinet-Laprade was governor of Senegal from May 13, 1863 until July 14, 1863. Louis Faidherbe then took over until May 1, 1865, when Pinet-Laprade assumed the position again until July 14, 1863. Ferdinand Charles Alexandre Tredos then succeeded him. Pinet-Laprade was born on July 13, 1822 in Mirepoix, Ariège and died on August 17, 1869 in Saint-Louis, Senegal. He was buried in Mirepoix on August 11, 1872.
Posterity.
A major boulevard in Dakar bears his name. He had no children.

</doc>
