<doc id="20871176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871176" title="Office of the Yi Dynasty">
Office of the Yi Dynasty

The Office of the Yi Dynasty or called Yiwangjik was an organization to manage every affairs related to the royal House of Yi of Korea during the Japanese occupation. It was established in February 1911 under the direction of the Japanese Government-General of Korea. As the Empire of Korea was relegated to the Yi Dynasty after the annexation of Korea to Japan in 1910, Yiwangjik was descended from "Gungnaebu"(Department of the Royal Household) of the Korean Empire which was in charge of the affairs of the royal family. It is also translated into English as "Yi Royal Household" or "Office of Yi Royal Family" The term, Yiwangjik comprises three words in Korean; "Yi" means the House of Yi and "wang" means titles and ranks of the royalty by Japanese investiture, and "jik" refers to government office. 
The office also governed the affairs related to documenting the House of Yi, so complied the Annal of Gojong and Sujong. Appointments, rewards, and punishment on officers of Yiwangjik was governed by the Japanese Imperial Household Ministry as well as supervised by the Governor-General of Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20871191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871191" title="Qian Dehong">
Qian Dehong

Qian Dehong () was a notable Chinese philosopher, writer, and educator during the mid-late Ming Dynasty.
Biography.
Qian was born in Yuyao, Shaoxing Fu (紹興府/绍兴府; current Ningbo), Zhejiang Province. His original name was Kuan (宽), and courtesy name was Hongfu (洪甫). Because his recent ancestry also had the same name, to avoid the taboo, his name was changed from "Kuan" to "Dehong". 
When Qian was young, he settled in Lingxu Hill (霛緒山/灵绪山; aka "Lingxushan") and systematically studied the I Ching, so people also call him Mr. Xushan (緒山先生/绪山先生).
In the 11th Year of Jiajing Era (嘉靖十一年; 1532), Qian joined the imperial examination together with Wang Ji, who was his classmate and also an important confucian philosopher during his time. Qian was qualified and ranked as "Jinshi" (進士/进士). 
He was later matriculated as a local governmental official. Qian spent most of his life as a secretary for Wang Yangming, and a lecturer in several schools.
Philosophy.
Qian was an early student (or disciple) of the philosopher Wang Yangming, together with his classmate Wang Ji. Qian spent most of his life studying confusian classics and developing the philosophy of the Yangming School of Mind (陽明心學/阳明心学; Japanese: 陽明学; Japanese romanization: "Ōyōmei-gaku", "Ō" stands for the surname "Wang", "yōmei" stands for "Yangming", "gaku" means "school of learning").
Qian collected and emended Wang's philosophical works. When Wang died, he also edited Wang's full biography. Qian demonstrated and further developed Wang Yangming's philosophy, especially the explanation of Wang Yangming's influential "Four-Sentence Doctrine" (四句教), however his interpretation was quite different from his classmate and colleague Wang Ji's. 
Qian wrote the preface and postscript for Wang Yangming's most important philosophical work - "The Record of Teaching and Practising" (《傳習錄》/《传习录》)
Main references.
Historic records & books:
Modern materials:

</doc>
<doc id="20871195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871195" title="LGBT people in prison">
LGBT people in prison

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) prisoners often face additional challenges compared to cisgender (gender normative) heterosexual prisoners.
According to Just Detention International, LGBT inmates are "among the most vulnerable in the prison population." 67% of LGBT prisoners in California report being assaulted while in prison. The vulnerability of LGBT prisoners has led some prisons to separate them from other prisoners, while in others they are housed with the general population. 
While much of the available data on LGBT inmates comes from the United States, Amnesty International maintains records of known incidents internationally in which LGBT prisoners and those perceived to be lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender have suffered torture, ill-treatment and violence at the hands of fellow inmates as well as prison officials.
Coming out.
Many LGBT inmates who are able, even those who are openly gay outside of prison, carefully hide their sexual identities while imprisoned, because inmates who are known or perceived as gay, especially lesbians and gay men with stereotypically butch or effeminate characteristics, respectively, face "a very high risk of sexual abuse."
Transgender issues (in the USA).
Transgender prisoners are especially vulnerable in US prisons due to a general policy of housing them according to their birth-assigned gender, regardless of their current appearance or gender identity. Even transgender women with breasts may be locked up with men, leaving them vulnerable to violence and sexual assault, as occurred with the case of Dee Farmer, a pre-operative transsexual woman with breast implants, who was raped and infected with HIV when she was housed in a men's prison. Transgender men housed in women's prisons also face abuse, often more from guards than other inmates. Harsh harassment and rejection are common forms of abuse toward inmates where gender/sexuality is unclear or does not conform to traditional expectations. 
In 2010 it was reported that Italy was to open its first transgender prison at Pozzale, a decision welcomed by gay rights groups. 
Transgender and intersex individuals are not only socially and culturally outcast, but are also systematically ostracized via legislation and law. For example, transgender women who try to gain entry into female prisons may be deterred from doing so by threat of removal of reproductive organs (usually testicles). This option may not even be viable until they have undergone a long and strenuous process of medical appointments, psychological evaluations, drug testing, etc. One trans woman was forced to dress as a man during visitation with her children because the court system deemed that it would confuse the children. This constant legal struggle not only adds more complexities to the inmate's life but may greatly affect the home life of an inmate's family, as the justice system forces the inmate to portray him or herself as something other than how they and family members may see themselves. 
Trans people encounter a disproportionate level of violence in prison, particularly sexual violence. Many incarcerated trans people are not receiving the medical treatment that they were prior to being in prison. Most are denied hormonal treatment, even if prescribed prior to incarceration. One study noted that none of the prisons involved in the study were even equipped to handle the needs of transgender prisoners.
Some organizations that used to focus on women's issues have expanded to include transgender people and gender non-conforming people in their work. While many are seeking resources to support transgender prisoners (such as the bill mentioned in “Transgender Prisoners: A Critical Analysis of Queensland Corrective Services' New Procedure"), much work remains to be done. This particular bill has shown to be largely ineffective. 
Others have pointed out how certain actions can and do improve the lives of trans prisoners, such as “Transitioning Our Prisons Toward Affirmative Law: Examining the Impact of Gender Classification Policies on U.S. Transgender Prisoners” and “The Treatment of Transgender Prisoners, Not Just an American Problem – A Comparative Analysis of American, Australian, and Canadian Prison Policies Concerning the Treatment of Transgender Prisoners and a ‘Universal’ Recommendation To Improve Treatment." The premise for both of these papers is that individuals should always be addressed and placed based on gender identity than on their genitalia.
An important factor to take into account with work about transgender people in prison is the demographic patterns within the transgender population of incarceration, including ethnicity and gender. The National Transgender Discrimination Survey found that 35% of black transgender people have been incarcerated simply due to anti-trans bias, compared to 4% of white respondents. Black transgender people had higher rates of experiences of incarceration in general (47% compared to 12% of white transgender people). It also found that black trans women were sexually assaulted in jail at a rate of 38%, compared to 12% of white trans women prisoners.
In 2002 Dean Spade, a transgender lawyer, founded the Sylvia Rivera Law Project, a project which provides free legal services to 'low-income transgender, intersex, and gender non-conforming people' and uses education to end institutional discrimination against transgender people. It runs the Prison Rights Project, which 'supports low income transgender people and transgender people of color involuntarily held in prison, jail, lock-up and immigration detention obtain life-sustaining services'.
Conjugal visits.
A conjugal visit is a scheduled extended visit during which an inmate of a prison is permitted to spend several hours or days in private with visitors, usually family members, in special rooms, trailers or even decorated, apartment-like settings on prison grounds. While the parties may engage in sexual intercourse, in practice an inmate may have several visitors, including children, as the generally recognized basis for permitting such a visit is to preserve family bonds and increase the chances of success for a prisoner's eventual return to life outside prison. Laws on conjugal visits vary widely by country from a total prohibition to very permissive policies. In jurisdictions where there is some form of recognition of same-sex relationships, prisoners may be permitted conjugal visits with a same-sex partner. In the United States, conjugal visits are allowed only in six states: California, Connecticut, Mississippi, New Mexico, New York and Washington, all of which except Mississippi have allowed same-sex marriage.
Same-sex conjugal visitation by country.
United Kingdom
Conjugal visits are not allowed, but home visits are.
Health care.
According to Masen Davis, Executive Director of the Transgender Law Center, LGBT people in prisons often face barriers in seeking basic and necessary medical treatment, exacerbated by the fact that prison health care staff are often not aware of or trained on how to address those needs. For example, like Michelle Kosilek did in May 2006, two transgender prisoners filed suit in January 2008 challenging a Wisconsin law that bars inmates from receiving hormones or sex reassignment surgery notwithstanding Principle 9 of The Yogyakarta Principles. The significance of the Yogyakarta Principles is also stressed by "Handbook on prisoners with special needs" published by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
However, on August 31, 2001, the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal concluded that Sections 30 and 31 of the Correctional Service of Canada contained discrimination on the basis of sex and disability in Canadian Human Rights Act. after Synthia Kavanagh, a transwoman with a 1989 life sentence for 2nd-degree murder, was sent to the institution for males and denied sex reassignment surgery, despite the trial judge's recommendation. 
Rates of HIV infection are nearly five times higher among incarcerated men in the United States than in the general population, according to a 2002 study by the National Commission on Correctional Health Care, and AIDS is the second most frequent cause of death in US prisons. Rape is a frequent cause of HIV transmission among prisoners, but in most US prisons, inmates are not permitted access to condoms.
LGBT youth prisoners.
According to some studies, LGBT youth are particularly at risk for arrest and detention. Jody Marksamer, Shannan Wilber, and Katayoon Majd, writing on behalf of the Equity Project, a collaboration between Legal Services for Children, the National Center for Lesbian Rights, and the National Juvenile Defender Center, say that LGBT youth are overrepresented in the populations of youth who are at risk of arrest and of those who are confined in juvenile justice facilities in the United States.
Physical and sexual abuse.
According to Amnesty International, globally, LGBT prisoners and those perceived to be lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender, are at risk of torture, ill-treatment and violence from other inmates as well as prison officials. Amnesty International cites numerous cases internationally where LGBT inmates are known to have been abused or murdered by prison officials or fellow inmates.
"risoners fitting any part of the following description are more likely to be targeted: young, small in size, physically weak, white, gay, first offender, possessing "feminine" characteristics such as long hair or a high voice; being unassertive, unaggressive, shy, intellectual, not street-smart, or "passive"; or having been convicted of a sexual offense against a minor. Prisoners with any one of these characteristics typically face an increased risk of sexual abuse, while prisoners with several overlapping characteristics are much more likely than other prisoners to be targeted for abuse."
Gay and bisexual men are often assumed to be responsible for the preponderance of sexual assaults perpetrated in prisons. This has been reflected in various American judicial decisions. For example, in "Cole v. Flick" the court upheld the right of prisons to limit the length of inmates' hair, claiming that allowing them to wear long hair could lead to an increase in attacks by "predatory homosexuals." In "Roland v. Johnson", the court described "gangs of homosexual predators." And "Ashann-Ra v. Virginia" contains references to "inmates known to be predatory homosexuals other inmates in the showers." 
According to a study by Human Rights Watch, however, "The myth of the 'homosexual predator' is groundless. Perpetrators of rape typically view themselves as heterosexual and, outside of the prison environment, prefer to engage in heterosexual activity. Although gay inmates are much more likely than other inmates to be victimized in prison, they are not likely to be perpetrators of sexual abuse."
A related problem is that there is a tendency, among both prison officials and prisoners, to view victimization as proof of homosexuality: "The fact of submitting to rape—even violent, forcible rape—redefines prisoner as 'a punk, sissy, queer.'" Officials sometimes take the view all sex involving a gay prisoner is necessarily consensual, meaning that victims known or perceived to be gay may not receive necessary medical treatment, protection, and legal recourse, and perpetrators may go unpunished and remain able to perpetrate abuse on their victims:
According to Andrea Cavanaugh Kern, a spokesperson for Stop Prisoner Rape, the combination of high rates of sexual assault against gay prisoners and high rates of HIV infection in the prison population is "a life-or-death issue for the LGBT community."
While much of the data regards male prisoners, according to Amnesty International, "perceived or actual sexual orientation has been found to be one of four categories that make a female prisoner a more likely target for sexual abuse."
Segregation.
For their own safety, LGBT people in prison are sometimes placed in administrative segregation or protective custody. Although homosexuality is "generally regarded as a factor supporting an inmate's claim to protective custody," homophobia among prison officials and a misperception among many guards that "when a gay inmate has sex with another man it is somehow by definition consensual" mean that access to such custody is not always easy or available. 
Another problem is that protective and disciplinary custody are often the same, which means that prisoners in "protective housing" are often held with the most violent inmates in highly restrictive and isolated settings—sometimes in more or less permanent lockdown or solitary confinement—that prevent them from participating in drug treatment, education and job-training programs, from having contact with other prisoners or outside visitors, or from enjoying privileges such as the right to watch television, listen to the radio, or even to leave their cells. 
In other cases, institutions may have special areas (known by such nicknames as the "queerentine", "gay tank," "queen tank," or "softie tank") for housing vulnerable inmates such as LGBT people, elderly or disabled prisoners, or informers. In San Francisco, for example, transgender inmates are automatically segregated from other prisoners. Nevertheless, according to Eileen Hirst, San Francisco Sheriff's Chief of Staff, being gay is not in itself enough to justify a request for protective housing: inmates requesting such housing must demonstrate that they are vulnerable. 
For financial or other reasons segregated housing is not always available. At Rikers Island, New York City's largest jail, the segregated unit for LGBT prisoners, known as "gay housing," was closed in December 2005 citing a need to improve security. The unit had opened in the 1970s due to concerns about abuse of LGBT prisoners in pretrial detention. The New York City Department of Corrections' widely criticised plan was to restructure the classification of prisoners and create a new protective custody system which would include 23-hour-per-day lockdown (identical to that mandated for disciplinary reasons) or moving vulnerable inmates to other facilities. Whereas formerly all that was required was a declaration of homosexuality or the appearance of being transgender, inmates wanting protective custody would now be required to request it in a special hearing.

</doc>
<doc id="20871208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871208" title="Fictitious telephone number">
Fictitious telephone number

Ranges for fictitious telephone numbers are common in most telephone numbering plans. One of the main reasons these ranges exist is to avoid accidentally using real phone numbers in movies and television programs because viewers frequently call the numbers used. 
Tommy Tutone's hit 1982 song "867-5309/Jenny" identifies a working number in many area codes which continue to receive large numbers of misdialled calls asking for "Jenny" decades later. In 1992, filmmaker Michael Moore unwittingly included footage of himself reciting his telephone number in the documentary "". He received 314 phone calls in just the first day following its broadcast on PBS.
The makers of 2003 film "Bruce Almighty" used 776-2323 which remains unassigned in 1-716 Buffalo (where the film is set). 776 is not a fictitious exchange in other area codes, where subscribers with the matching number were inundated with callers asking for "God". In Colorado the calls were misdirected to KDMN radio; in Sanford, North Carolina the number belongs to a church. 776-2323 was ultimately replaced with a 555 number for television airings of the movie and on most copies of the DVD. In 2014, Russian snowboarder Alexey Sobolev received over two thousand text messages in a few days after printing mobile telephone +7-9250222285 on a helmet worn during the Sochi Olympics.
Australia.
Per the ACMA web page - Fictitious numbers for radio, books, film & TV, version 21 October 2009:
North American Numbering Plan.
The exchange prefix 555 in the North American Numbering Plan is reserved for Directory Assistance and information numbers. As these are not issued as standard business or residence lines, the use of a 555 number in fiction is almost universal. Only the 555-01xx range is officially reserved, though numbers outside this range are commonly used.
The reservation applies to all North American Numbering Plan area codes. 555 or a variant remains potentially valid outside North America; New Zealand uses mobile *555 to report traffic collisions.
In North America, exchanges 958 and 959 are normally reserved for local and long distance test numbers (such as automatic number announcement circuits). A rare few areas (such as area code 204 in Manitoba) reserve 959 only. 950-xxxx are reserved as local access numbers for feature group 'B' alternate long distance carriers. Local or adjacent domestic area codes are normally also avoided as exchange prefixes (so +1-212-718-1234 in New York City could only be fictional). These are not as well known and do not often appear in fiction. These reservations do not apply outside North America.
Early Bell System publications which needed to illustrate a telephone with a number displayed on it commonly used 311 555-2368, and for multi-button phones, -2369, -2370, -2371, etc. This number appeared in Bell advertisements as recently as 1978. These numbers were also common in films and television; Jim Rockford's phone number in the US detective television series The Rockford Files was 311-555-2368, as was one of Jaime Sommers private numbers in The Bionic Woman; as a seven-digit call, 555-2368 reaches Ghostbusters. The number (if dialled as a ten-digit local call in large cities) now reaches 3-1-1 (city hall), but it occasionally continues to appear in documentation as a fictional number.
Recently Universal Studios acquired the phone number (212) 664-7665 for use in films to avoid the 555 prefix. It has been used in the films "Munich", "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World", "The Adjustment Bureau", and "Definitely, Maybe". Fictional Telecom has reserved voice over IP numbers in the 206 (Seattle), 323 (Los Angeles), 415 (San Francisco), and 646 (New York) area codes for use in films, TV and radio dramas. Occasionally, a real number serves as an Easter egg as the publisher directs a number they own to a promotional message, a contest line or other content which ties in to the original programme.
Phone numbers whose exchanges begin with 1 are also occasionally used as fictional numbers. Under the North American Numbering Plan, all telephone exchanges run from 200 to 999 with similar restrictions on telephone area codes. Like the reservation on area codes with '9' as the middle area code digit, the restrictions on '0' and '1' are intended to facilitate a possible future expansion which would lengthen all North American numbers by one or more digits.
United Kingdom.
The Office of Communications (Ofcom) has reserved blocks of numbers in most major areas for use in TV and radio dramas. Fictitious numbers in (011x) and (01x1) area codes mostly end with the digits 496 0xxx, however Tyneside uses (0191) 498 0xxx. London uses 020 7946 0xxx; Cardiff uses 029 2018 0xxx; and Belfast uses 028 9018 0xxx. The generic (and currently unused) area code 01632 is available for all other purposes. Ofcom also reserves blocks of mobile phone (07700 900xxx), freephone (0808 157 0xxx), and premium rate (0909 879 0xxx) numbers for drama use. They also recently added a UK-wide range to the list (0306 999 0xxx).

</doc>
<doc id="20871230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871230" title="Hour of the Star">
Hour of the Star

Hour of the Star () is a Brazilian film directed by Suzana Amaral and released in 1985. The film is an adaptation of a book by Clarice Lispector with the same name. In 1986, the actress Marcélia Cartaxo won the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 36th Berlin International Film Festival, for her role as Macabea.
"Macabea is an example of the mental undevelopment of the poor people of the world," the director, Amaral, has written. "Facing the solitude of the big city, she possesses the emptiness of someone who does not have the means to be cultured." But surely her case is even more extreme than that. Macabea doesn't even possess the culture of poverty; she is simply an emptiness.
The film is reviewed in Pauline Kael's ninth collection of movie reviews, Hooked, where she praises it, and particularly the performance of Marcelia Cartaxo. The film gets to you, " and the image of Marcelia Cartaxo's Macabea is what does it - the terrible aloneness of this mass woman, this nothing of a woman whom you wouldn't notice on the street. Umberto D stood for all the proud, angry old people who couldn't live on their pensions, but he was himself too - his own ornery old man. Macabea is most herself in her moments of contentment: she smiles serenely as she celebrates her Sunday by taking a ride in the subway. It's the director's triumph that this girl gets away from her. Numbed as she is, she's as alive as Amaral or you or I, and more mysteriously so."

</doc>
<doc id="20871237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871237" title="The Flying Neutrinos">
The Flying Neutrinos

The Flying Neutrinos are an American jazz band. They released their first CD in 1995. Their lead singer is Ingrid Lucia. Their music has elements of jazz and swing. Their CDs include I'd Rather Be in New Orleans (with guest artist Doc Cheatham) and "The Hotel Child."

</doc>
<doc id="20871242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871242" title="Sebastian Bieniek">
Sebastian Bieniek

Sebastian Bieniek (born April 24, 1975) is a German film director, artist, playwright and author, He was born in Czarnowasy (Poland).
Biography.
Sebastian Bieniek spent his childhood in Poland, before at age 13 he and his family emigrated to Germany. His interest in art, specifically painting, began very early and he had participated in numerous exhibitions by the age of 20. Braunschweig Collage of Art followed, with a major in photography, followed by a master of arts at the Berlin University of the Arts. His first videos were made at the Berlin University of the Arts. He worked abroad thereafter and received a working scholarship from the German-French youth work in Rennes, where many works were completed. Sebastian Bieniek began studies at the German Film and Television Academy in 2002.
2011 Sebastian Bieniek wrote the book "REALFAKE"

</doc>
<doc id="20871250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871250" title="Sonia de Ignacio">
Sonia de Ignacio

Sonia de Ignacio-Simo Casas (born January 24, 1971 in Terrassa, Catalonia) is a former female field hockey player from Spain, who represented her native country twice at the Olympic Games: 1996 and 2000. She played club hockey for CD Terrassa in Catalunya.

</doc>
<doc id="20871296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871296" title="B.L.T.">
B.L.T.

B.L.T. is a 1981 album by Jack Bruce (formerly of Cream), Robin Trower (formerly of Procol Harum) and Bill Lordan (former drummer of Sly and the Family Stone).
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Robin Trower and Keith Reid; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20871301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871301" title="Magnus of Cuneo">
Magnus of Cuneo

Saint Magnus of Cuneo () is venerated as a member of the legendary Theban Legion. The center of his cult is situated at the mountain sanctuary known as the Santuario di San Magno, in the Valle Grana, Castelmagno, in the province of Cuneo.
Local tradition makes him a soldier of the Theban Legion, which had been commanded by Saint Maurice. The Legion, according to tradition, was largely massacred in 286 AD, but Magnus fled to the mountains of Piedmont, preaching the Christian religion in the Alps. He was eventually martyred and buried in the spot now occupied by the Santuario di San Magno. The church, however, may have occupied a spot once dedicated to the Roman god Mars. The current church was built between 1704 and 1716, in Piedmontese Baroque style, though its interior still preserves frescoes of the 15th and 16th centuries. 
As Damiano Pomi points out, neither documentary nor archaeological evidence supports the connection between Magnus and the Theban Legion. Similar to the cults of Saint Chiaffredo at Crissolo, Saint Bessus at Val Soana, Saint Tegulus at Ivrea, Saint Constantius at Villar San Costanzo, and Saint Dalmatius at Borgo San Dalmazzo, the cult of Saint Magnus was linked with that of the Theban Legion to lend antiquity to a local saint about whom nothing was really known. 
Magnus has been identified with Magnus of Füssen (Mang), a later monk of the same name associated with the Bavarian monastery at Füssen, whose cult would have spread south to Piedmont by the Benedictines. However, due to his association with the Theban Legion, Magnus was depicted as a Roman soldier holding a banner and the palm of martyrdom. He should not be confused with Magnus of Anagni, whose feast day occurs on the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="20871319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871319" title="Wealth, Virtual Wealth and Debt">
Wealth, Virtual Wealth and Debt

Soddy criticized the focus on monetary flows in economics, arguing that “real” wealth was derived from the use of energy to transform materials into physical goods and services. Soddy’s economic writings were largely ignored in his time, but would later be applied to the development of ecological economics in the late 20th century.
Real wealth and virtual wealth.
In his 1926 book "Wealth, Virtual Wealth and Debt: The Solution of the Economic Paradox" (a book that presaged the market crash of 1929) Soddy pointed out the fundamental difference between real wealth – buildings, machinery, oil, pigs – and virtual wealth, in the form of money and debt. 
Soddy wrote that real wealth was subject to the inescapable entropy law of thermodynamics and would rot, rust, or wear out with age, while money and debt – as accounting devices invented by humans – were subject only to the laws of mathematics. Rather than decaying, virtual wealth, in the form of debt, compounding at the rate of interest, actually grows without bounds. Soddy used concrete examples to demonstrate what he considered this flaw in money economics in his book.
Quote.
"Debts are subject to the laws of mathematics rather than physics. Unlike wealth, which is subject to the laws of thermodynamics, debts do not rot with old age and are not consumed in the process of living. On the contrary, they grow at so much per cent per annum, by the well-known mathematical laws of simple and compound interest ... It is this underlying confusion between wealth and debt which has made such a tragedy of the scientific era."

</doc>
<doc id="20871340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871340" title="Herbert Sosa">
Herbert Sosa

Herbert Arnoldo Sosa Burgos (born January 11, 1990 in San Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Alianza in the Salvadoran Premier Division.
Club career.
Sosa's professional career began in July 2007, when he signed a contract with Chalatenango. He officially made his debut on September 23, 2007, in a league match against Once Municipal.
International career.
Sosa made his debut for El Salvador in an October 2010 friendly match against Panama and scored his first goal in friendly against Venezuela from a free kick. His team ended up winning the game 2-1 with a late goal from Edwin Sánchez. Sosa also made history by scoring El Salvador's 1000th international goal in his penalty against the Cayman Islands. He has, as of February 2012, earned a total of 7 caps, scoring 2 goals and has represented his country in 3 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20871342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871342" title="OMAC Laser 300">
OMAC Laser 300

__NOTOC__
The OMAC Laser 300, originally named the OMAC I was a business aircraft built in the United States in 1981 but which never reached production. It was a highly unusual design, with a canard layout, a pusher-mounted turboprop engine, and a high, cantilever, swept wing carrying endplate-type fins at its tips. Construction was of metal throughout. The cabin could seat 6–7 passengers, but incorporated quick-change seats, allowing rapid conversion to carrying light freight. Early in development, plans existed to produce a turbofan-powered version of the design, but this did not eventuate.
The first prototype flew on 11 December 1981 and OMAC ("Old Man's Aircraft Company") initially hoped to obtain type certification by mid 1982. These efforts were delayed by an accident on the ground, and then a landing accident caused by the failure of a locking pin on the undercarriage. A second prototype took to the air on 19 February 1983, and certification was expected "no later than December 1984". Late in 1983, however, the certification process was still only in its preliminary stages.
In the mid-1980s, the Laser 300 program became one of the first projects carried out cooperatively by NASA and private industry when a joint team used the Langley 12-Foot Low-Speed Tunnel to investigate the stability and control characteristics the unusual design. Special attention was paid to behavior at high angles-of-attack and to stall and spin resistance. The results were unfavorable, indicating poor longitudinal stability at high angles-of attack. The wing design was modified to address this problem, with an extension added to the trailing edge flap, and a discontinuous, leading-edge droop added to the outboard section of the wings. Stall characteristics were found to be good, however, since the canard was found to provide a nose-down pitching moment at the point of a stall. These changes were tested on the second prototype before the design was frozen in April 1985. Additionally, production machines were to have a redesigned fuselage of round cross-section, a redesigned nose, and additional baggage compartments.
Meanwhile, OMAC relocated from its original home in Reno, Nevada to Albany, Georgia in January 1985, as an agreement had been reached with Ayres Corporation to undertake the manufacture of the aircraft at the firm's Albany plant. Certification was now anticipated by mid-1986. By late 1986, a third prototype was under construction at Ayres, incorporating the refinements that had been tested on the second machine. This machine was being constructed alongside three other Laser 300s, together representing the first four of thirty aircraft that Omac hoped to build by the end of 1987. The third prototype (and first production machine) flew on 29 July 1987 and certification was now expected by May 1988. By now, production of the redesigned Laser 300 was running one year behind schedule, and the projected cost of the airplane had risen from $US 550,000 to $875,000, albeit for a more capable aircraft. The aircraft was displayed at the NBAA show in Dallas, Texas in October 1988, by which time 56 hours of flight testing had been carried out without incident. Certification was now expected by the end of 1989 or early 1990.
By February 1989, however, $20 million was required to fund certification and initial production, with Omac hoping to have certification in place by May and 17 aircraft delivered by the end of the year at a cost of $975,000 a piece. In the event, finance was not forthcoming, and the program stalled at this point, although Omac continued to offer the aircraft as late as 1993, along with an improved version designated the Laser 360.

</doc>
<doc id="20871361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871361" title="Seleki">
Seleki

Seleki is a village in Basse Casamance in the south of Senegal. The presence of "cases à impluvium", typical of Jola architecture, greatly contribute to the reputation of the village.
History.
Seleki is also the name of an ancient kingdom as well as of an ethnic group in a region that was very resistant to French colonialism. Several French soldiers were killed at the Battle of Seleki on December 1, 1886, including Lieutenant Truche.
On May 17, 1906, when Djignabo Badji, a charismatic leader and fetish leader of the Seleki who was believed to be indestructible, led an attack against French troops led by Lieutenant Lauque, Badji was killed and subsequently entered into local legend.
The boukout, an initiation ceremony, took place in Seleki in 1972.
Administration.
Seleki is part of the rural community of Enampore, Nyassia, Ziguinchor.
Geography.
Seleki is located within walking distance of the left bank of the estuary of the Casamance River. The closest villages are Etama, Enampore, Essyl, and Batinière.
Flora.
The village is surrounded by lush vegetation, including many Palmyra Palms and mangos.
Population.
Seleki is one of the few villages where people still speak Bandial.
Economy.
Seleki's economy relies mainly on rice and a little discovery tourism.
An application for registration of all the Bandial "cases à impluvium" on the World Heritage List was filed with UNESCO on November 18, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20871366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871366" title="Ministry of Education and Vocational Training">
Ministry of Education and Vocational Training

The Ministry of Education and Vocational Training is a government body responsible for providing education in Tanzania. The head offices are located in Dar es Salaam. Shukuru Kawambwa is the Minister for Education and Vocational Training.
Organization of ministry.
The permanent secretary, Hamis Dihenga, acts as the main custodian of the ministry's resources and is its chief accounting officer. The policy and planning division and the management information unit are under the secretary's direct supervision.
The commissioner of education, under the permanent secretary, is the chief academic advisor in all aspects of professional departments and parastatal organizations. The commissioner supervises the special needs education unit, the distance learning unit, the school registration unit, the primary education division, the secondary education division, the teacher education division, the technical and vocational education division, the higher education division, the adult and non formal education division, and the school inspectorate division.
The core functions of the ministry are coordinated through the following divisions and units:
The support functions of the ministry are provided by the following divisions and units:
Education agencies, authorities, boards, councils, commissions, and institutes.
Other Tanzanian educational organizations exist, some of which are under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education and Vocational Training. They include:
Tanzania Institute of Education.
The Tanzania Institute of Education (TIE) is a parastatal organization under the Ministry of Education and Vocational Training. TIE is "charged with the responsibility of ensuring the quality of education in Tanzania at the pre-school, primary, secondary and teacher training levels." It was founded in 1963 under an act of parliament whereby TIE was under the University College of Dar es Salaam, then a constituent of the University of East Africa. In 1975, parliament legally disengaged TIE from the University of Dar es Salaam and made TIE a state corporation.
Institute of Adult Education.
The Institute of Adult Education was established in 1975. The institute is responsible for running continuing and non-formal education programmes for adults, with special emphasis on rural communities.
National Examinations Council of Tanzania.
The National Examinations Council of Tanzania was established in 1973. The council is responsible for administering all national examinations and awarding primary, secondary, and post-secondary official diplomas.
Tanzania Library Services Board.
The Tanzania Library Services Board (TLSB) was established in 1963 but is now governed by a law passed in 1975. TLSB promotes, establishes, equips, and develops libraries, information centers, and documentation centers. TLSB provides information to all groups of people, including children, youth, adults, and disadvantaged groups. In carrying out these responsibilities, TLSB acquires, organizes, and distributes books, non-book materials, and other forms of information materials to individuals, schools, institutions, and the public.
Agency for the Development of Educational Management.
The Agency for the Development of Educational Management was established under the Executive Agencies Act, 1997. Its purpose is to provide regular and systematized educational management and administration training for all categories of educational management and administration personnel in the education service.
Vocational Education and Training Authority.
The Vocational Education and Training Authority was established in 1994. It is an autonomous government agency charged with the overall responsibility for coordinating, regulating, financing, providing, and promoting vocational education and training.
National Council for Technical Education.
The National Council for Technical Education was established in 1998. It is responsible for overseeing the provision of quality technical education and training in Tanzania.
Higher Education Students' Loans Board.
The Higher Education Students' Loans Board (HESLB) was established in 2004. HESLB is responsible for issuing loans to students pursuing advanced/higher diplomas and degree studies at accredited higher education institutions in and outside the country. HESLB is also required to collect repayment for all loans issued to students since 1994, so as to make the scheme successful and sustainable.
Tanzania Education Authority.
The Tanzania Education Authority is a corporate body established in 2001. Its purpose is to manage the Education Fund, which supports education projects submitted by universities, technical colleges, and full-registered schools.
Tanzania Commission for Universities.
The Tanzania Commission for Universities (TCU) was established in 2005 as the successor to the Higher Education Accreditation Council. Prior to the establishment of TCU, each higher education institution implemented its mandatory functions as stipulated in its individual Act of Parliament or constitutions. In the same Act that established TCU, Parliament repealed all the prior Acts that dealt with institutions individually. Each institution was then required to register with TCU.
TCU is a body corporate mandated to recognize, approve, register, and accredit universities operating in Tanzania, and local or foreign university level programs being offered by non-TCU registered higher education institutions. TCU also coordinates the proper functioning of all university institutions in Tanzania to foster a harmonized higher education system in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20871377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871377" title="Christianity in Abkhazia">
Christianity in Abkhazia

The earliest accounts of the introduction of Christianity into the present-day Abkhazia date from the 1st century and in 325 the bishop of Pityus participated in the First Ecumenical Council in Nicaea. Since the late 9th century, the Orthodox dioceses of Abkhazia were subordinated to the Georgian Orthodox Church, later functioning there as the Catholicosate of Abkhazia.
Eastern Orthodox Church.
The orthodox church in Abkhazia is officially part of the Georgian Apostolic Autocephalous Orthodox Church (Tskhum-Apkhazeti Eparchy) with 
Catholicos-Patriarch Ilia II as its head. After the Georgian-Abkhaz conflict, the autocephalous church of Georgia lost the control and jurisdiction over its property in Abkhazia. However, all autocephalous churches of the orthodox faith, including the Russian Orthodox Church and the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople, recognise Abkhazia as part of the Georgian autocephalous church. The Current head of the orthodox church in Abkhazia is Archbishop Daniel of Tskhum-Apkhazeti Eparchy However, the Georgian Orthodox Church is unable to operate there and most of its clerics as well as the parish have been expelled during the Abkhazian war and in its aftermath.
After the war in Abkhazia, the only remaining Orthodox priest of the Georgian Church, ethnic Abkhaz Vissarion (Appliaa) headed the local Orthodox community. In the following years, the recently consecrated clerics from the neighbouring Russian Maykop Eparchy arrived in Abkhazia and soon engaged in a conflict with Vissarion. Through the mediation of Russian church officials, the two sides managed to reach a power-sharing agreement at Maikop in 2005, and organised themselves into the Eparchy of Abkhazia whose canonical status remains undefined. This failed, however, to settle the disagreement and the eparchy continues to straddle the division. Currently, there are a dozen or so Orthodox clerics in the region, most of whom belong to the Russian Orthodox Church, while the de facto head of the eparchy, Vissarion, nominally remains a subordinate to the Georgian Orthodox Patriarchate.
The Georgian church officials complain that the Russian church interferes in Abkhazia by training and sending in priests loyal to Moscow. The Russian church officials published translations of the The Russian church officials published translations of the Gospels in Abkhazian, which drew protests from the Georgian Orthodox and Apostolic Church as a violation of Orthodox Church canon law, constituting a meddling in the internal affairs of another Orthodox church and annexation of Georgian Orthodox property in Abkhazia. The Russian Orthodox Church claims that the clerics of Maykop eparchy serve in Abkhazia only temporarily as the local Orthodox believers do not have contacts with the Georgian Orthodox Church.
Armenian Apostolic Church.
Most of the ethnic Armenians living in Abkhazia who form the second largest ethnic group in the region of Abkhazia after the Abkhaz people, forming 20% of the Abkhazian population with 45,000 out of a total of 215,000, belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20871383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871383" title="M125 bomblet">
M125 bomblet

The M125 bomblet was a U.S. chemical sub-munition designed to deliver the nerve agent sarin. It was brought into service in 1954 with the M34 cluster bomb as part of the first U.S. air-delivered nerve agent weapon.
History.
The M125 bomblet was a sub-munition of the M34 cluster bomb, which was first brought into regular service by the United States Army in 1954. In development the M125 was known as the E54R6 bomblet (shortened to E54). The M34 and its payload of M125s was the first air-delivered nerve agent weapon in the U.S. chemical arsenal. Later, the Chemical Corps developed chemical-biological warheads for multiple missile systems including, Matador, Rascal, Snark, and Navaho missiles. These warheads incorporated the M125 bomblet and the M114 bomblet. Over 21,000 of the M125 containing M34 bombs were destroyed at Rocky Mountain Arsenal in 1976.
Specifications.
The M34 was designed to hold 76 M125 bomblets, arranged in four groups of 19. Each bomblet held 2.6 pounds of the nerve agent sarin, and 8.8 ounces of the explosive tetryl. The ten pound cylindrical M125 bomblet also held an opening delay, fuze and parachute, as well as a burster, which contained the explosive. A M34 cluster bomb, fully loaded with M125 bomblets, had an agent weight to weapon weight ratio of 17 percent; the M34 and M125 were not the best delivery system. Eventually, cylindrical chemical bomblets, such as the M125, were supplanted by spherical models because they could obtain a greater coverage area.

</doc>
<doc id="20871390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871390" title="Uways">
Uways

Uways () is the name of several famous persons and religious movements:

</doc>
<doc id="20871444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871444" title="2009 Dakar Rally">
2009 Dakar Rally

The 2009 Dakar Rally was the 30th running of the Dakar Rally. In addition to motorcycle, automobile, and truck categories, a separate quad (all-terrain vehicle) class was added for the first time. The race began on January 3, 2009, and took place across Argentina and Chile. The rally was for the first time to take place outside of Europe and Africa as the location was changed by organizers due to concerns about possible terrorist attacks during the 2008 Dakar Rally. 
Étienne Lavigne, the race director of the rally, first announced the new race location in February 2008. He said, "Dakar competitors are going to discover new territory, new scenery, but with the same spirit of competition and adventure, with very hard stages."
Entrants.
540 teams from 50 nations are competing in the race. Teams underwent administrative and technical checks in Buenos Aires between December 31 and January 2. Afterwards, 217 motorcycles, 25 all-terrain vehicle, 177 cars, and 81 trucks driven by a total of 837 people were approved to start.
Route.
The race began in Buenos Aires, Argentina with a symbolic start that took place on January 2 in downtown Buenos Aires, attracting an estimated crowd of 500,000 fans. The total racing distance is more than , of which is timed special stage. There will be a rest day in Valparaíso, Chile on January 10. There are ten stages in Argentina, and three in Chile.
Planned stages.
Due to heavy fog and the need to cross the border between Chile and Argentina, the competitive element of Stage 11 was cancelled.
Results.
Trucks.
Trucks did not compete in Stage 7.<br>
The timed part of Stage 11 was cancelled due to bad weather.
Accidents.
During the first stage of the rally, British driver Paul Green and co-driver Matthew Harrison were seriously injured when their Rally Raid UK car overturned.
On January 7, 49-year-old French motorcycle rider Pascal Terry was found dead in a remote area. He had been missing since the second stage of the rally, and the cause of death was determined as a pulmonary edema.
On the tenth stage on January 13, 48-year-old Spanish motorcyclist Cristóbal Guerrero was seriously injured after a heavy crash. 24 hours after the accident, he was reportedly still in a coma and in a critical condition. Guerrero's son Cristóbal junior competes in the World Enduro Championship.
During stage twelve of January 15, rally leader Carlos Sainz rolled his Volkswagen Toureg into a ravine, ending the race for the Spaniard and his French co-pilot, Michel Perin, who received a shoulder injury during the crash.
Winners.
Spanish rider Marc Coma won his second Dakar Rally in the motorbike class while KTM scored their eighth straight victory.
Josef Macháček of the Czech Republic won the quad class driving a Yamaha vehicle. It was the first time in Dakar Rally history that the quad category competition was held in a separate class.
Giniel De Villiers of South Africa and his German co-driver Dirk von Zitzewitz won the car category with Volkswagen. It was their first Dakar Rally victory and Volkswagen's second, the first since 1980.
The Russian Kamaz crew of Firdaus Kabirov, Aydar Belyaev, and Andrey Mokeev won the truck category for their second time with Kamaz scoring their eighth victory and their first since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20871453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871453" title="Truce (album)">
Truce (album)

Truce is a 1982 studio album by Jack Bruce and Robin Trower.

</doc>
<doc id="20871491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871491" title="Bald Mountain Ski Area">
Bald Mountain Ski Area

Bald Mountain Ski Area is a modest ski area in north central Idaho, located northwest of Pierce in Clearwater County. The area first opened in January 1960, with a cotton rope tow powered by a gasoline engine. Originally for employees of the Potlatch Corporation (forest products) in the village of Headquarters, it opened to the public in the 1960s.
The summit elevation is above sea level, with a vertical drop of . The north-facing slopes are served by two surface lifts: a T-bar and a rope tow, and the main lodge and parking area are at mid-mountain. The area is open only on weekends and the average snowfall is . The T-bar made its debut in late January 1969, and the A-frame lodge was built in 1971.
This ski area is independent of the much larger Bald Mountain, the primary ski mountain at Sun Valley, a major ski resort in southern Idaho's Blaine County.

</doc>
<doc id="20871493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871493" title="Adelina Sotnikova">
Adelina Sotnikova

Adelina Dmitriyevna Sotnikova (, , []; born 1 July 1996) is a Russian figure skater. She is the 2014 Olympic champion, a two-time European silver medalist (2013–2014), a five-time medalist on the Grand Prix series, and a four-time Russian national champion (2009, 2011–2012, 2014). On the junior level, she is the 2011 World Junior champion, 2010 JGP Final champion, and 2012 Youth Olympics silver medalist. She is the first Russian to win the Olympic gold medal in ladies' singles figure skating.
Career.
Adelina Sotnikova began skating at the age of four at the "Yuzhny" ice rink near her home in Moscow. She was taught by Anna Patrikeyeva until the age of seven when she began training at CSKA which is further away from her home. She began working with coach Elena Buianova (Vodorezova) a year later. 
During the 2008–2009 season, Sotnikova debuted at the senior level at the 2009 Russian Nationals and won the gold medal at the age of 12. One month later she also won the 2009 Russian Junior Championships.
Sotnikova was ineligible to compete on the Junior Grand Prix circuit during the 2009–2010 season because International Skating Union rules require that skaters turn 13 before 1 July in their place of birth – she was born a few hours into 1 July in Moscow. Sotnikova's mother told her that she was born a month prematurely anyway. She struggled with a growth spurt and dropped to fourth at Russian senior nationals and sixth in the junior event.
2010–2011 season.
Sotnikova made her junior Grand Prix debut during the 2010–2011 season. She won gold medals in Austria and the U.K. and qualified for the 2010 Junior Grand Prix Final where she won the title. 
At the 2011 Russian Championships, she placed second in the short program and first in the long, to win her second national title. She was assigned to the World Junior Championships where she won the gold medal ahead of teammate Elizaveta Tuktamysheva.
2011–2012 season.
According to ISU age rules, Sotnikova was eligible for the senior Grand Prix circuit during the 2011–2012 season, although not for senior ISU Championships. She was assigned to two Grand Prix events, the 2011 Cup of China and 2011 Rostelecom Cup. She intended to begin her season at the 2011 Ondrej Nepela Memorial but withdrew after a leg injury caused her to miss a month of off-season training. She won the bronze medal at Cup of China and at Rostelecom Cup, to become the first alternate for the ladies' event at the Grand Prix Final.
Sotnikova then competed at the 2011 Golden Spin of Zagreb and won the gold medal. At the 2012 Russian Championships, she placed first in the short program and second in the long program, to win her third national title. She then competed at the 2012 Youth Olympic Games and won the silver medal. At the 2012 World Junior Championships, she won the bronze medal behind teammate Yulia Lipnitskaya and U.S. skater Gracie Gold. Sotnikova was named in the Russian team for 2012 ISU World Team Trophy. She finished 4th overall and posted a season's best in her free skate of 113.57 points.
2012–2013 season.
Sotnikova started her season with a silver medal at the 2012 Nebelhorn Trophy. Her first GP event of the season was the 2012 Skate America. In the free skate, Sotnikova's 3Lo-2T-2Lo jump combination received no points because it was deemed an invalid element. She won the bronze medal overall behind Americans Christina Gao and gold medalist Ashley Wagner. At her next event, the 2012 Rostelecom Cup, Sotnikova finished 5th. At the 2013 Russian Championships, she won the bronze medal behind Elena Radionova and Elizaveta Tuktamysheva. At the 2013 European Championships, she placed first in the short program, third in the long program, and won the silver medal overall, 0.72 points behind gold medalist Carolina Kostner. Sotnikova and bronze medalist Elizaveta Tuktamysheva were Russia's first medalists in the Europeans ladies' event since Irina Slutskaya won the title in 2006. 
After Europeans, Sotnikova performed in "Art on Ice" in Switzerland. She finished 9th in her World Championships debut. Appearing in her second team event, she placed fourth in ladies at the 2013 World Team Trophy. Team Russia finished 4th overall.
2013–2014 season.
Sotnikova started her season competing with Team Europe at the 2013 Japan Open. Her first 2013–14 Grand Prix assignment was Cup of China. She placed first in the short and third in the free skate, winning the silver medal ahead of Carolina Kostner. In her next event, the 2013 Trophee Eric Bompard, she placed third in the short, first in the free skate, and won the silver medal behind American Ashley Wagner. The results qualified Sotnikova to her first Grand Prix Final. At the event in Fukuoka, Japan, she was second in the short, placed sixth in the free, and finished 5th overall. 
At the 2014 Russian Championships, Sotnikova placed first in the short, second in the free, and won her fourth national title, edging out Yulia Lipnitskaya for the gold. Appearing in her second European Championships, Sotnikova placed first in the short and second in the free, taking the silver medal with an overall score of 202.36 points while Lipnitskaya won gold. She is the second Russian skater to record a score above the 200 mark in ladies' singles.
2014 Winter Olympics.
Sotnikova did not participate in the 2014 Winter Olympics figure skating team event, but won the gold medal in the ladies' individual event with an overall score of 224.59 points, 5.48 points ahead of silver medallist Kim Yuna and 7.86 points ahead of bronze medallist Carolina Kostner; Sotnikova trailed Kim by .28 points after the short program but overtook her by winning the free skate. In the press conference after her win at the Olympics, Sotnikova stated that she became "more motivated to win the singles competition" after she was not chosen to compete in the earlier team competition. She was awarded the Order of Friendship on 24 February 2014.
On 21 February 2014 the International Skating Union (ISU) issued the following statement concerning the outcome of the competition:
The ISU is strongly committed to conducting performance evaluations strictly and fairly and has adequate procedures in place to ensure the proper running of the sporting competitions. The officiating judges were selected by random drawing from a pool of 13 potential judges. All judges in an event represent different ISU member federations. The Ladies' free skating panel included judges from Canada, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, Slovakia and Ukraine. To avoid exaggerated markings the highest and the lowest scores entered by the judges are excluded to produce the final score. The technical panel determines the elements of each performed program. The judges add a mark, grading the quality of the skater's execution of the elements so identified. The technical marks and the artistic presentation marks are added together to produce the final score of the skater./ The ISU has not received any official protest with regard to the Ladies' Free Skating event or any other event held during the Sochi 2014 Olympic Games and is confident in the high quality and integrity of the ISU judging system.
Sotnikova's win in Sochi, Russia was described as a controversial and upset victory by world media, with reference as to how her performance was judged and her margin of victory; this also led to debate on the judging criteria and transparency of judging in figure skating. Out of the nine judges, one was previously suspended for attempting to fix the 1998 Olympics' ice dancing event, while another is married to a former president of the Russian skating federation. "The New York Times" reported that "Sotnikova scored higher on the technical merit of her program" and that Sotnikova's routine was more athletically challenging than silver medallist Kim's. "Reuters" reported that bronze medalist Kostner had also performed seven triple jumps like Sotnikova, but Sotnikova was the only one of the top trio who "failed to produce a perfect skate" due to "snatching a landing" (two-footed) following a combination jump. The International Skating Union claimed on 21 February that they had not received any official protest with regard to Sotnikova's event.
Personal life.
Sotnikova attended a high school where athletes form about half the student body. In 2013, she enrolled in a sports university with a view to becoming a coach. Her sister, Maria, has Treacher Collins syndrome, and Sotnikova credits her as the most influential person on her career; Sotnikova also sees figure skating as a job to support and help her sister.
Detailed results.
"(Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships – Worlds, Europeans, and Junior Worlds. At team events, medals awarded for team results only.)"

</doc>
<doc id="20871500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871500" title="Yanping District">
Yanping District

Yanping District () is the only district of Nanping, Fujian province, People's Republic of China. The prefecture government is located in the district.
Etymology.
The name of the district literally means "Prolong Peace", and it is still commonly referred to as Nanping, which was its name before 1995. Nowadays, people still use both "Yanping" and "Nanping" in mailing address, and Nanping is even more common.
History.
The city was built as a house at 196 BC. Before that it was a village governed by Houguan County (Fuzhou). Because it is the start point of Min River, it act as a trading transferring center between North Fujian, Jiangxi and Fuzhou.
Also, it is the last stronghold of Fuzhou, the largest city in Fujian, and usually carefully guarded. Because of the soldiers came from north China, the city's dialect was more similar to that of Henan Province.
The city was named Nanping City at 1956, and after the prefecture was named Nanping in 1995, it changed to its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="20871502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871502" title="Richard Martin (Recorder of London)">
Richard Martin (Recorder of London)

Richard Martin (1570–1618) was an English lawyer, orator, and supporter of the Virginia Company who was appointed Recorder of the City of London at the recommendation of James I of England in 1618 but died shortly thereafter.
Lawyer and tavern wit.
Martin studied at Oxford University and was admitted to the Middle Temple, one of the Inns of Court providing legal training in Elizabethan London, on 7 November 1587. He was a member of a group of intellectual men, poets, and playwrights including John Donne and Ben Jonson who met the first Friday of every month at the Mermaid Tavern in Bread Street. Martin was "universally well regarded for his warmth of nature, personal beauty, and graceful speech", and was elected "prince of Love" to preside over the Christmas grand revels of the Middle Temple in the winter of 1597/98. Michelle O'Callaghan points out that those elected to oversee the grand revels had to be skilled in "singing, dancing, and music", and well-versed in "rhetoric, law and other scholastic exercises travestied" in the revels. The poet John Davies dedicated his 1596 collection "Orchestra, or a Poeme of Dauncing" to Martin, but they fell out soon after, and Davies was disbarred and briefly thrown in the Tower of London in February 1598 "for thrashing his friend, another roysterer of the day, Mr. Richard Martin, in the Middle Temple Hall" with a cudgel. (Davies publicly apologized to Martin in 1601 and was readmitted to the English Bar. He went on to have a brilliant legal career.)
Martin defended Jonson and his controversial 1602 play "The Poetaster" to the Lord Chief Justice Sir John Popham. Later, Jonson acknowledged Martin in the dedication of the 1616 folio edition of "The Poetaster" "for whose innocence as for the author's you were once a noble and kindly undertaker to the greatest justice of this kingdom."
Martin is mentioned in, and was perhaps a co-author of, the poetic libel "The Parliament Fart", one of the most popular and malleable comic poems of the early Stuart era, which originated in the circle of tavern wits of which Martin was a part.
Parliament and the Virginia Company.
Martin was elected member of Parliament for Barnstaple in 1601. Following the death of Queen Elizabeth in 1603, Martin was chosen to give a speech welcoming the new King James to London on behalf of the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex as part of the celebrations of the royal entry on 7 May. In his speech, Martin reminded the king of the breadth of his new kingdom and warned of the dangers of piracy. The speech was printed that same year.
Martin was M.P. for Christchurch in James's first Parliament (1604–11) and Counsel to the Virginia Company from 1612. In May 1614, Martin was invited to speak before the Addled Parliament on the Colony of Virginia as lawyer for the company. From 1611 Martin had taken an active interest in the colonization of the Bermuda Islands or Somers Isles, and in 1615 was a founding shareholder of the Somers Isles Company chartered to manage the colony.
On the death of Sir Anthony Benn, 29 September 1618, King James recommended Martin to the City of London for their recorder or chief counsel to the Lord Mayor, and he was chosen to the position, but died about a month after, of the smallpox, on Sunday morning 2 November 1618, and was buried in the Temple Church, London.
In 1617, when the treasury of the Virginia Company was exhausted, societies of private adventurers were authorized to settle plantations in Virginia under the style of "hundreds." One of the first of these societies, organized in 1618 as the Society of Martin's Hundred, was named in honor of Richard Martin who had so eloquently defended Virginia before Parliament in 1614. Martin's Hundred, containing some , was about seven miles (11 km) below Jamestown, Virginia, on the north side of the James River.

</doc>
<doc id="20871518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871518" title="Detters Mill, Pennsylvania">
Detters Mill, Pennsylvania

Detters Mill was a small 19th century community in Dover Township, York County, Pennsylvania, about south of Wellsville, and southwest of Harrisburg. 
In 1830, a local miller named George Sheffer constructed a stone grist mill on Harmony Grove Road near the confluence of Bermudian Creek and Conewago Creek. A few other families later constructed homes in the vicinity. The mill, located on the western bank of Conewago Creek, closed in the early 20th century and the community waned. As of 2008, the old mill is being used as an apartment complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20871524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871524" title="Clóvis Graciano">
Clóvis Graciano

Clóvis Graciano (January 29, 1907 — June 29, 1988) was a Brazilian artist that worked with painting, drawing, scenography, costume design, engraving and illustration.
Graciano was born in Araras. In 1927 he was hired by the "Estrada de Ferro Sorocabana" (or "Sorocabana Railroad", currently "América Latina Logística"), in Conchas, São Paulo state, where he painted poles, signboards and warnings for the railroad stations.
In 1934 he moved to São Paulo to work as a clerk. From then, he divided his time between art and his job. After ten years, he was fired for excessive absences.
In 1937, having encountered the art of Alfredo Volpi, Clóvis Graciano took his place in the Palacete Santa Helena, becoming part of the Grupo Santa Helena, together with Francisco Rebolo, Mario Zanini, Aldo Bonadei, Fulvio Pennacchi and others, besides Volpi. 
Graciano befriended Portinari. In the late 1940s, he went to Paris, where he learned about mural painting. Back to Brazil, he did several panels. For instance, "Armistício de Iperoig" (or "Iperoig's truce"), for FAAP (1962); the panel "Operário" (or "Proletarian") in Avenida Moreira Guimarães, in São Paulo city (1979), murals in Avenida Paulista, and in Diário Popular's building. 
In 1971, he worked as director of São Paulo State Pinacotheca, and as president of the São Paulo's State Board for Visual Arts, and of the São Paulo's State Council for Culture.
Besides painting, Graciano worked in several different activities in parallel, teaching scenography in EAD (USP's drama school), and illustration newspapers, magazines and books, particularly in the 1980s.
Throughout his career, Graciano was faithful to Figurativism, and never felt a slight attraction to abstract art. He worked extensively with social themes, like the migrants, besides themes with musicians and dancers. He died in São Paulo, aged 81.
His works are held by museums and private collections in Brazil and abroad. 

</doc>
<doc id="20871529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871529" title="Emmanuel Bertrand-Bocandé">
Emmanuel Bertrand-Bocandé

Emmanuel Bertrand-Bocandé (1812–1881) was an explorer, businessman, and French colonial administrator who helped spread French influence in Basse Casamance, Senegal, specifically on the island of Carabane. He left a valuable account of this region during colonial times.
Biography.
The son of René Bertrand and Olive Bocandé, Emmanuel Bertrand-Bocandé was born in Nantes on July 3, 1812.
He had control of Carabane from 1849–1857. He was replaced by Bourdeny.
He died in Paris on November 28, 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="20871556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871556" title="Stepan Guryev">
Stepan Guryev

Stepan Savelevich Guryev (; 1 August 1902 - 22 April 1945) was a Soviet Red Army officer and major-general in World War II who led the V Airborne Corps, which was reformed into the 39th Guards Rifle Division in August 1942 and fought at Stalingrad.
Biography.
Appointed commander of the XVI Guards Rifle Corps in 1944, he led the Corps into East Prussia and the Battle of Königsberg.
The general was killed in action at at Pillau (today Baltiysk) on 22 April 1945, three days after being awarded the honorary title of Hero of the Soviet Union by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR.
The city Guryevsk in the Russian Federation's Kaliningrad Oblast is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20871565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871565" title="Aylestone Athletic Rugby Union Football Club">
Aylestone Athletic Rugby Union Football Club

Aylestone Athletic RFC (nicknamed The Mighty Ath) is an English rugby union club that plays in the Midlands 4 East (South).
History.
The club was founded in 1919. The founding members were mainly members of St.James' Church in Lansdowne Road, Leicester. The minister of the Church, B.E.Owen, was the first Club President. The new club's headquarters were established at the Aylestone Baths in Knighton Fields Road West, with the pitch on nearby Saffron Lane Recreation Ground, close to where the Aylestonians Club now play. The season of 1922-23 was a good one for the club with the winning of the Junior Cup and the Junior Combination Cup, during an unbeaten season of 26 wins and 2 draws. The seasons 1935-36 and 36-37 were particularly impressive with not one single defeat. In 1971 the headquarters were transferred to the rear of the Old Horse public house, London Road, with the pitch being on Victoria Park opposite the pub. After the pub was refurbished in the mid-1980s, the club lost the use of the changing and bar facilities at the rear of the pub, and subsequently used the changing facilities at the Park pavilion.
Home Ground.
The club plays its home games at Victoria Park.
Squads.
1st XV.
The club fielded the first team play competitive league rugby to a high standard in the Midlands 4 East (South) division.
In 2007 the club gained promotion from Midlands 6 East (South).
In 2006 and 2008 the club made the local County Shield final, and had good runs in the EDF Junior Vase in 2007 and 2008, beating many local sides, and some from further afield.
2nd XV 'The Thunderbolts'.
Playing merit league rugby to a high standard. For the 2012/13 season, 'The Thunderbolts' will compete in Division 4 of the Leicestershire Merit Leagues.
Club honours.
Boxing Day Challenge Cup 2001, Tied 2002 & 2003

</doc>
<doc id="20871570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871570" title="Yangjia Michuan Taiji Quan">
Yangjia Michuan Taiji Quan

Yangjia Michuan Taiji Quan (), the Yang Family Secret Tradition is a t'ai chi ch'uan style created by Yang Lu-ch'an, founder of the Yang style. He passed this special style to his son Yang Chien-hou who transmitted it to his student Zhang Qinlin. Master Wang Yen-nien was taught the Yangjia Michuan by Zhang Qinlin and chose, in order to avoid the disappearing of this style, to teach it to a great number of students all over the world.
The Yangjia Michuan form has 127 movements, divided in three duan.
Tuishou (push hands) and martial applications of the movements of the form have a central importance in this style.

</doc>
<doc id="20871579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871579" title="Toy and Plastic Brick Museum">
Toy and Plastic Brick Museum

Toy and Plastic Brick Museum is located in Bellaire, Ohio. The museum has been known as "Unofficial LEGO(r) Museum" and "The Plastic Brick Store, INC." The museum is host to an extensive private collection of LEGO, as well as works by brick artists Jason Burik and Nathan Sawaya. Toy and Plastic Brick Museum showcases the Guinness Book of World Records "World's largest LEGO image (mosaic) designed by Brian Korte and built as an installation by ~250 children.

</doc>
<doc id="20871602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871602" title="Maurice Roatin">
Maurice Roatin

Maurice Roatin was a mayor of Poitiers in France, from 1594 to 1595.

</doc>
<doc id="20871616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871616" title="Oklahoma's 6th congressional district">
Oklahoma's 6th congressional district

Oklahoma's sixth congressional district is a former Congressional district in western Oklahoma. Oklahoma gained 3 seats from the 1910 census, but elected the extra seats at-large in 1912. The sixth district was thus actually created and used for the 1914 House election. Oklahoma has gradually lost seats since the 1910 census, and lost its 6th seat in the 2000 census. This resulted in the district being disbanded in 2003.
Electoral history.
!|Year
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct

</doc>
<doc id="20871631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871631" title="Sensitivity priority">
Sensitivity priority

Sensitivity priority, often abbreviated "Sv" (for Sensitivity value) on a camera dial, and colloquially called "ISO priority", is a setting on Pentax cameras that allows the user to choose a specific Sensitivity (ISO speed) value while the camera selects a shutter speed and aperture to match. The camera will ensure proper exposure. This is different from manual mode, where the user must decide all three values, shutter priority where the user picks a shutter speed with the camera selecting the aperture to match, or program mode where the camera selects all three.
On other cameras, such as those from Canon and Nikon, this is not a distinguished mode. Rather, ISO can be set manually in all modes, or (sometimes) set to auto, and thus sensitivity priority is equivalent to manual ISO and program mode, in both cases automatically selecting aperture and shutter speed, with a manual ISO setting.
See also.
Reasons for using:
Other 'modes:'

</doc>
<doc id="20871647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871647" title="Ivry-sur-Seine (Paris RER)">
Ivry-sur-Seine (Paris RER)

Ivry-sur-Seine is a station in Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER. It is situated on the Paris–Bordeaux railway. The station is situated in the eastern side of Ivry-sur-Seine, in Val-de-Marne. Travelers can take RATP bus 125 and 323 to connect between this station and Mairie d'Ivry on Paris Métro Line 7.

</doc>
<doc id="20871667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871667" title="Issy (Paris RER)">
Issy (Paris RER)

Issy is a station in Paris's express suburban rail system, the RER. It is situated in Issy-les-Moulineaux, in the département of Hauts-de-Seine.
In the future, Issy could become a station of the Red Line of the automated regional subway Grand Paris Express. A new station would be built at a depth of −20m, under the avenue de Verdun. A new tramway line to Croix-de-Berny and an extension of the métro line 12 to Issy are also in project.

</doc>
<doc id="20871680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871680" title="Vitry-sur-Seine (Paris RER)">
Vitry-sur-Seine (Paris RER)

Vitry-sur-Seine is a station in Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER. It is situated on the Paris–Bordeaux railway. It serves the commune of Vitry-sur-Seine, in the Val-de-Marne department.

</doc>
<doc id="20871682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871682" title="Camp Lehman">
Camp Lehman

Camp Lehman was minimum security prison camp operated by the Michigan Department of Corrections Correctional Facilities Administration (CFA), north of Grayling located in Crawford County, Michigan; under the administrative control of the Pugsley Correctional Facility in Kingsley, Michigan.
Camp Lehman sat on of land donated by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and housed 582 adult male prisoners. The camp had prisoner public works and gate pass assignments.[http://www.michigan.gov/corrections/0,1607,7-119-9741_9746---,00.html] 
History.
Camp Lehman was named after Ray Lehman, a District Supervisor of Paroles who was killed in World War II in February 1943.
Camp Lehman was established as one of the original Honor system camps when the Corrections Conservation Prison Camp Program was started in 1948 and housed minimum security adult male prisoners. The purpose of the Corrections Conservation Prison Camp Program was twofold. Various conservation projects under the direction of the Conservation Department (now the Michigan Department of Natural Resources or DNR) needed to be manned and prisoners provided an inexpensive and reliable source of labor. The Corrections Camp Program was granted permission to use old Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camps in exchange for prisoners to be used on these conservation projects. The Conservation Department provided employees to supervise these prisoners and vehicles to transport the prisoners to and from the assignments.
When the old buildings of the CCC became unsuitable to house prisoners, a new building (renamed Superior unit, in 1986) was constructed on the site where the facility is now located. This building was built in 1963-64 to accommodate 80 prisoners and included all necessary functions of a correctional facility within one building. Over the years the facility added other buildings to accommodate growth of the prisoner population. The largest expansion of the Camp was in 1986 when three new eighty single-prisoner-room housing units named Michigan unit, Huron unit, Erie unit, were added.
Also added at that time an activity building (Ontario unit) which primarily served as an activity/visiting room. Upon the completion of the new housing units the camp housed 342 prisoners. The housing units and activity building were named after the Great Lakes (Superior, Michigan, Huron, Erie, and Ontario), that surround Michigan. In 1987 a high security fence was constructed. This security fence was enhanced in 1999 and 2000 to electronically detect any suspicious movement on the fence.
On October 1, 1997, the Corrections Camp Program was disbanded and each remaining camp became the responsibility of the closest correctional facility. Camp Lehman’s parent facility was the Standish Maximum Correctional Facility in Standish, Michigan; until July 2009, when the camp became the responsibility of the Pugsley Correctional Facility Kingsley, Michigan. In June 2003, the prisoner population increased to 582 prisoners by double bunking each of the three eighty room housing units. Superior unit housed 102 prisoners; Michigan, Huron, and Erie units each housed 160 prisoners.
In six decades Camp Lehman saw many changes. Originally the Camp was only to serve to provide labor for the Conservation Department but evolved into a correctional facility with a multitude of programs and functions. Camp Lehman provided labor to various public authorities including the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and the Michigan Department of Military Affairs at Camp Grayling Army National Guard Training Site. Prisoners were compensated for their labor and the State of Michigan was reimbursed for the cost of operating the program by the various public entities that utilized the program. As of October 1, 2007 the Camp had 5 prisoner work crews.
The number of employees increased over the years according to the number of prisoners housed and the increase in programs and functions. In 1977, a total of 15 employees operated the Camp, of which 11 were custody and security staff. In October 2007, the camp employed 107 employees of which 67 were custody and security staff until its closure in October 2009.
On February 1, 2009, Camp Lehman became a "tobacco-free" facility. The possession and use of tobacco products by prisoners, staff, and the general public was prohibited.[http://www.michigan.gov/corrections/0,1607,7-119-1381_1383-200148--,00.html] 
On June 5, 2009, Regional Prison Administrator Jerri Ann Sherry arrived at Camp Lehman to announce to the staff that after more than sixty years of service to the People of the State of Michigan, Camp Lehman would be closed prior to November 1, 2009. She also announced in addition to Camp Lehman closing the other four remaining prison camps: Camp Cusino in Shingleton, Camp Kitwen in Painsedale, Camp Ottawa in Iron River, and Camp White Lake in White Lake Township would also be closed. These closures signaled an end to the Corrections Camp Program.
Also, on June 5, 2009, Governor Jennifer Granholm released a statement to the media to announce the State of Michigan would be closing the Hiawatha Correctional Facility, in Kincheloe; the Muskegon Correctional Facility, in Muskegon, MI; and the Standish Maximum Correctional Facility before November 1, 2009.
The last of the prisoners were transferred to other facilities on Friday, October 30, 2009.
Camp Lehman closed on October 31, 2009. Camp Lehman was the final prison camp opened in Michigan; and with its closure marked the end of the Corrections Camp Program in the State of Michigan.
Programs and services.
Camp Lehman provided the following prisoner programs: Adult Basic Education; General Education Development; a pre-release program; substance abuse treatment; Alcoholics Anonymous & Narcotics Anonymous; Assaultive Offender Therapy [http://www.michigan.gov/corrections/0,1607,7-119-9741_12798-201919--,00.html; "Thinking for A Change" classes; parenting classes; smoking cessation classes; and group counseling and had a law library [http://www.michigan.gov/documents/corrections/05_03_115_242618_7.pdf that provided services for prisoners from throughout Michigan who were housed in Camps.
The camp had a "Health Care Unit" that provided prisoners access to a physician assistant, nursing, dental and psychological services.[http://www.michigan.gov/corrections/0,1607,7-119-9741_9744-23249--,00.html 
Recreation for the prisoners included a gymnasium; softball field; outdoor basketball courts; outdoor handball court; weight pavilion; music room; in-room-hobbycraft;[http://www.michigan.gov/documents/corrections/05_03_102_185536_7.pdf]; walking/running track; and exercise stations.
Equipment for these leisure-time activities was provided by the "Prisoner Benefit Fund"[http://www.michigan.gov/documents/corrections/04_02_110_242614_7.pdf] which was funded directly from the prisoner store and other prisoner fundraising functions.
Camp Lehman also provided a variety of religious services [http://www.michigan.gov/documents/corrections/05_03_150_261312_7.pdf] overseen by the Prison Chaplain at the Pugsley Correctional Facility and aided by approved religious volunteer groups from the local community.

</doc>
<doc id="20871686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871686" title="Jardin botanique du Tourmalet">
Jardin botanique du Tourmalet

The Jardin Botanique du Tourmalet (2 hectares) is a botanical garden specializing in the flora of the Pyrenees. It is located at the Pont de la Gaube on the road to the Col du Tourmalet, 4 km from Barèges, Hautes-Pyrénées, Midi-Pyrénées, France, and open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged. The garden was established in 1996 at an altitude of 1500 meters. It contains about 2500 species drawn primarily from the regional flora.

</doc>
<doc id="20871687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871687" title="Basavaraju Venkata Padmanabha Rao">
Basavaraju Venkata Padmanabha Rao

Basavaraju Venkata Padmanabha Rao (20 August 1931 – 20 February 2010), popularly known as Padmanabham, was a Tollywood actor known for his comedian roles. He was also a film producer and director.
Early life and career.
He was born to Santham and Basavaraju Venkata Seshaiah in Simhadripuram, Pulivendula, Kadapa.
Padmanabham was essentially a theater artist, although he also found success in films. He co-founded a theatre group with his friend Vallam Narasimha Rao, Rekha and Murali Arts with S. P. Kodandapani as their music director. He most recently acted in Telugu movies "Chakram" and "Tata Birla Madhyalo Laila".
Basavaraju Venkata Padmanabha Rao, better known as Padmanabham to generations of countless fans in Telugu cinema, turned 75 recently. He began his tryst with the tinsel world in 1943 when he was just 12, when the legendary director Gudavalli Ramabrahmam gave him a break in "Maayalokam". Since then, Padmanabham traversed a long distance by acting in more than 400 movies.
"If Ramabrahmam gave me a break in films, K. V. Reddy gave me some major hits. "Shavukaru" in 1949 was my first major hit, and it also gave me a footing as a comedian. The very next year, "Patala Bhairavi" came along and it helped me find a permanent place in the world of Telugu cinema," Padmanabham recalled .
Like many others of his era who had no godfathers to give them a straight lift in films, Padmanabham too landed in Madras with only fire in his belly and a talent to sing and imitate any actor of those days. Though he worked with almost 80 directors in his long career, Padmanabham cherishes most his association with Gudavalli Ramabrahmam, Ghantasala Balaramayya, L. V. Prasad and K. V. Reddy. "They were really great directors," he says.
Padmanabham is proud that he never aspired for any role but directors sometimes designed certain roles exclusively for him. "A comedian in those days was always one of the four main characters in a film, standing on the same level as a hero, heroine and villain. I don't think comedians of the present era are getting the same importance," he remarks.
The veteran finds it hard to mention any particular comic role as his most memorable one, but makes a special mention of the role of a rickshaw puller that he played in "Desoddhaarakudu" (1975). "It had ample measure of `karuna rasa' in it and I could display the other shade of my talent," he says. The role became famous for the song 'Aakalayyi Annamadigithe Pichchodannaru Naayaallu'. Padmanabham, who directed eightfilms in all, introduced S.P. Balasubrahmanyam to the film industry through "Sri Sri Sri Maryada Ramanna". "Kathanayika Molla", which he directed in 1969 fetched him the A.P. Government's award. Padmanabham fondly recalls the healthy professional relationship he had with comedians of his era - Relangi, Balakrishna and Siva Rao. He says every comedian of the present generation is immensely talented but handicapped by the inept handling of comedy in general. Presently acting in a TV serial Paatala Bhairavi, "not a remake of that old classic," he hastens to add, Padmanabham continues to be in the best of his health, thanks to his regular yoga sessions for the last 50 years.
Padmanabham died in Chennai on 20 February 2010 from a heart attack, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="20871694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871694" title="Gare de Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône – Liesse">
Gare de Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône – Liesse

Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône - Liesse is a railway station in Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône, a northwestern suburb of Paris, France. It is served by Transilien regional trains from Paris to Pontoise, and by RER rapid transit. 

</doc>
<doc id="20871703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871703" title="2009 Green Bay Packers season">
2009 Green Bay Packers season

The 2009 Green Bay Packers season was the 89th season in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers and the 91st season for the team overall. The Packers finished with an 11–5 record but lost in the wild card round of the playoffs to the Arizona Cardinals.
Offseason.
2009 NFL Draft.
After finishing the 2008 season with a 6–10 record, the Packers held the 9th selection in the 2009 NFL Draft. With the pick they selected defensive tackle B. J. Raji of Boston College. After selecting Raji, they then traded picks 2–41, 3–73 and 3–83 to the New England Patriots for picks 1–26 and 5–162. With pick 1–26, the Packers selected linebacker Clay Matthews of USC. After the rest of the first day of the draft had passed in which the Packers held no selections, the Packers started the second day of the draft by selecting OG/OT T. J. Lang of Eastern Michigan with pick 4–109. In the following round the selected FB Quinn Johnson of LSU with pick 5–145 and OT Jamon Meredith of South Carolina with pick 5–162. In the sixth round they selected DE Jarius Wynn of Georgia with pick 6–182 and CB Brandon Underwood of Cincinnati with pick 6–187. With their final pick of the draft they selected LB Brad Jones of Colorado with pick 7–218.
Draft pick trades.
" Players highlighted in yellow indicate players selected to the Pro Bowl during their NFL career. "
Undrafted free agents.
Following the 2009 NFL Draft, the Packers signed 11 undrafted free agents. They were:
On May 4, the Packers signed Cornerback Trevor Ford, Punter Adam Graessle, Defensive lineman Dean Muhtadi and Offensive tackle Dane Randolph (Maryland) after they attended a minicamp on a tryout basis.
Free agents.
Notes:
Coaching changes.
After a struggling 2008 season on defense and special teams, head coach Mike McCarthy decided in January to fire most of the defensive coaching staff. The coaching staff changes made during the offseason are as follows:
Switch from 4–3 to 3–4 defense.
On January 18 it was announced that with the hiring of defensive coordinator Dom Capers that the Packers would switch their base defensive scheme from a 4–3 to a 3–4 scheme which implements three down linemen and four linebackers instead of four down linemen and three linebackers in the traditional 4–3. While the defense will now be based out of the 3–4, head coach Mike McCarthy stated that they will also use some four man fronts thus being more of a hybrid 3-4/4-3 defense.
In a February 3 press conference to introduce the new assistant coaches to the media, McCarthy was asked if defensive end Aaron Kampman would play outside linebacker in the new 3–4 defense. He responded: ""Well, it depends on what personnel we have on the field. When we line up in the first base defense, yeah, Aaron will be an outside linebacker.""
Another notable question was which position group has to make the biggest transition, he replied: ""Terminology-wise, they’re learning a new language … and I think that’s good for everybody. That touches every player. Technique-wise, there’s definitely going to be some carryover – there always is, particularly in sub-fronts. You may look at some of our subpackages, and you may not think there’s a whole lot of difference compared to what we’ve done in the past.""
He was also asked, is change good, he replied: ""Change creates excitement. … The Green Bay Packers organization will never lack for energy. It’s such a great place to work from a culture standpoint, the passion of all the people that work here. But there’s definitely a ton of energy on the third floor right now. Today’s exciting. We’re finally all back. Everybody’s here, our staff is complete. So, you can just tell by the response of the players and the people close to the football team, everybody’s excited about our new direction.""
Training camp.
The Packers held their training camp sessions at the newly constructed Ray Nitschke Field behind the Don Hutson Center. Practices will be moved inside the Don Hutson Center during inclement weather. St. Norbert College served as the team base for all living arrangements for the 52nd consecutive season.
There were competitions for starting jobs on the offensive line due to the team looking for stability on the offensive line at center and right guard, and a replacement for longtime starter at right tackle, Mark Tauscher.
On defense, the main competition for starting jobs in the new 3–4 scheme took place at outside linebacker position opposite Aaron Kampman. Second-year pro defensive end turned linebacker Jeremy Thompson was initially placed as the starter for right outside linebacker, although rookie Clay Matthews III competed for the position as well.
On special teams, punters Jeremy Kapinos and Durant Brooks competed for the Packers punting job.
On August 8 the Packers scheduled a "Family Night" inter-squad scrimmage at 7:30 pm CST at Lambeau Field, but due to inclement weather the event was canceled.
After the canceled scrimmage, the Packers released their first depth chart of the season. In the position battles listed above, Allen Barbre was listed as the starting right tackle. At the center position, Scott Wells was listed as the starter with Jason Spitz starting at his normal right guard spot on the line. As stated above, Jeremy Thompson was listed as the starting right outside linebacker. In the highly contested battle between punters Jeremy Kapinos and Durant Brooks, Kapinos was listed as the starter.
During the morning practice on the Monday after their second pre-season matchup vs the Buffalo Bills, It became apparent that Scott Wells had lost his starting center position to Jason Spitz, with Josh Sitton replacing Spitz at right guard and Allen Barbre continued to hold the starting reps at right tackle. These changes were also later reflected on the teams depth chart on Packers.com.
Another change on the depth chart was Johnny Jolly replacing rookie first round draft pick B. J. Raji and Justin Harrell at left defensive end due to Jolly's explosive performance in the first two preseason contests of the season, which included two sacks and a forced fumble vs Buffalo.
The third change of note made was Brady Poppinga regaining his starting outside linebacker spot on the depth chart ahead of Jeremy Thompson and rookie first round pick Clay Matthews. Thompson and Matthews though still have a chance to take the starting spot.
The punter contest doesn’t still have a clear leader after two pre season contests. Brooks’ chances diminished a bit when an old hip flexor injury popped up last week, bringing his durability into doubt. Kapinos has shown that he doesn’t have Brooks’ leg strength but has shown that he still is a viable option to get the job done. The Packers' have looked at other teams roster for another punter, but due to a pretty weak crop of solid punters in the NFL, the chances aren't promising of finding a better punter than the two current punters on the roster.
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. Chicago Bears.
The Packers' 2009 season started at home against their hated division rival, the Chicago Bears, on Sunday Night Football.
The Packers received the ball first but had to settle for a 49-yard field goal attempt on their first drive of the season, but kicker Mason Crosby failed to convert the kick wide left. After the missed attempt the Packers new 3–4 defense took the field for the first time in the regular season and held Jay Cutler and the Bears to a 3 and out. After a minimal drive by the Packers, following the Bears punt, the Bears retook possession of the ball at the Chicago 18-yard line. After moving the ball to the Bears 31-yard line, Cutler forced a throw into coverage intended for tight end Desmond Clark. Safety Nick Collins intercepted the pass and returned the ball to the Packers 43-yard line.
Both teams continued to trade fairly ineffective offensive series throughout the first half up until 8:22 in the second quarter where Mason Crosby converted a 52-yard field goal to give the Packers the early 3–0 lead. On the Bears next drive, Cutler completed a 68-yard pass to wide receiver Johnny Knox down to the Packers 8-yard line. With the Bears looking to score in the red zone, the Packers pressured Cutler enough to force an errant throw into the Packers defensive line. Defensive end Johnny Jolly intercepted the pass and returned the ball for two yards to the Packers 14-yard line. Though the interception prevented a possible Bears touchdown, three plays later Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers was sacked in the end zone by safety Danieal Manning for a Bears safety decreasing the Packers lead to a 3–2 advantage.
After the safety, the ball was punted back to the Bears and returned to the Bears 44-yard line by return man Devin Hester. On third down of the Bears next possession, cornerback Tramon Williams intercepted another forced Cutler throw and returned the ball to the Bears 1-yard line. On the next play, Packers running back Ryan Grant rushed left end for 1 yard and scored the Packers first touchdown of the season to take a 10–2 lead. Both teams exchanged offensive possessions for the last 4:40 of the half but neither managed to add any more points to the score. The Packers went into the half with a 10–2 lead.
After the half, the Bears received the ball. Ten plays into the Bears drive, Jay Cutler connected with Devin Hester on a 36-yard pass down the right sideline for their first touchdown of the season. With the touchdown and the extra point, the Bears decreased the Packer lead to 10–9. After the Bears touchdown, the Packer offense still seemed to have trouble moving the ball and had to settle for punting the ball after a sack and two incomplete passes. On the next Bears drive, the Bears converted a 47-yard field goal to take a 12–10 lead over the Packers. The Packers offense took the field aiming to retake the lead, but stalled again around midfield.
In the fourth quarter, with the Packers offense unable to move the ball and the defense lacking the plays that it made in the first half, it looked like the tides were turning in the Bears favor. The Bears then took over the ball at their own 27-yard line, but the Packers defense held stout and forced the Bears to punt. Before the punt though, the Bears center was watching rookie first round pick Clay Matthews III run of the field. Thinking that there were 12 Packers on the field, he snapped the ball to the Bears running back Garrett Wolfe who then tried to advance the ball, but was stopped by the Packers. Bears coach Lovie Smith challenged that the Packers had too many players on the field, but instant replays showed that Matthews got off the field of play before the ball was snapped thus giving the Packers the ball at the Bears 26-yard line. After a couple of plays and a holding penalty on the Packers, they had to settle for the field goal in which Mason Crosby converted to give the Packers a slim 13–12 lead. On the Bears next drive, they matched the Packers recent score on a 21-yard field goal to regain the lead from the Packers at 15–13.
With 2:35 remaining in the game, the Packers received the ball. after a couple of decent gains the Packers offense looked slightly more confident than their previous series in the game. The dagger was then put into the Bears heart when quarter back Aaron Rodgers connected with Greg Jennings on a 50-yard touchdown pass paired with a Jennings two-point conversion reception gave the Packers a 21–15 lead in the dying minutes.
The Bears offense took the field in a last attempt to win the game, but Jay Cutler's debut start for the Bears would get even worse when his first pass of the drive was intercepted by cornerback Al Harris and returned to the Bears 14-yard line.
The Packers then lined up in the victory formation to take a nail biting and sloppy 21–15 win against their division rival Chicago Bears to start the season with a 1–0 record.
During the contest, Packers starting safety Atari Bigby injured his knee and is expected to miss at least four weeks. Bears star linebacker Brian Urlacher also dislocated his wrist and will reportedly miss the remainder of the season.
Week 2: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
After defeating the Bears in their season opener, the Packers faced the 0–1 Cincinnati Bengals in a week 2 contest at Lambeau Field. During the week leading up to the game, Bengals star wide receiver Chad Ochocinco said in an interview that he’ll do a celebratory “Lambeau Leap” into the end zone seats if he scores in Sunday’s game at Lambeau Field.
The Packers started the contest with the ball, but could only manage to move the ball to mid field before they settled for a punt. The Bengals offense then took to the field at their own 37-yard line and after moving the ball into the Packers red zone, Carson Palmer managed to hit Laveranues Coles on a short 5-yard pass in the center of the end zone to take an early 7–0 lead. The Packers managed to match the Bengals drive though, by capping a 11-play, 80-yard drive with a 3-yard pass by Aaron Rodgers to Donald Driver along the right sideline of the end zone. The score was now tied a 7–7. The Bengals regained possession after the Packers touchdown, but on the first play of their corresponding drive Carson Palmer attempted a pass to wide receiver Chad Ochocinco along the right sideline, but Packers cornerback Charles Woodson stepped in front of Ochocinco and intercepted the attempted pass. Woodson then returned the ball down to the Bengals 11-yard line for a return of 22 yards. Two plays later, Packers running back Ryan Grant scored a touchdown on a 4-yard run outside of the left guard to take a 14–7 lead. After the Grant touchdown, both teams exchanged possessions into the second quarter.
On the Bengals second drive after the Ryan Grant touchdown run, quarterback Carson Palmer capped the Bengals drive with a 1 yard sneak up the middle for a touchdown to re-tie the contest at 14–14. The Packers offense again sputtered and couldn't find the rhythm that the offense once possessed a season ago. After the punt, Carson Palmer was sacked for a loss of 8 yards and then on the next play Charles Woodson intercepted another pass along the right sideline from Palmer and returned the ball 37 yards for the Packers first defensive score of the season to retake the lead 21–14. On the Bengals next drive though, they would then retake the lead again on a 5 yard Palmer pass to Chris Henry in the back of the end zone. The score was now tied 21–21. The Packers offense retook the field aiming to break the tie before halftime, but only could manage to give kicker Mason Crosby a 55 yard attempt in which he missed as the clock expired. The teams went into the half tied at 21.
After the half, the Bengals offense took to the field first but was forced to punt. The Packers responded by moving the ball quite efficiently, but their drive came to an end when Ryan Grant fumbled after pulling in a short Aaron Rodgers pass. The Bengals then managed to capitalize on the Packers first turn over of the season by putting together a 12-play, 62-yard drive capped by another Carson Palmer touchdown pass, this time to wide receiver Chad Ochocinco. After the touchdown, Ochocinco ran behind the endzone looking for a place to Lambeau Leap finally settling for a group of Bengals fans in the right corner of the endzone. Both teams exchanged possession without scoring through the end of the third quarter.
With both teams unable to score into the fourth quarter, the Bengals finally converted a field goal with 2 minutes left in game. to take a 31–21 lead. After the field goal, the Packers took over and managed to get the ball into field goal range in which Packers coach decided to kick the field goal to decrease the lead to 7 needing an onside kick recovery to tie the game anyway. The Mason Crosby kick was successful and the Packers special teams unit then lined up in the onside kick formation. Mason Crosby kicked the to the right side and the ball hopped right to Packers corner back Tramon Williams for the recovery. With 45 seconds remaining, The Packers offense took the field with no timeouts. Rodgers then completed a couple of passes and moved the ball past midfield with 16 seconds remaining. Rodgers then completed a 25 yard strike to Donald Driver in the center of the field for 25 yards down to the Bengals 10-yard line. Hurrying down field the Packers snapped the ball with 1 second remaining but the Packers were flagged for a false start. With the penalty the remaining time was run off the clock and the game ended.
What could have been a memorable comeback ended in defeat with the Packers suffering their first loss of the season 31–24 to bring their record to 1–1.
During the contest, Packers starting safety Nick Collins injured his shoulder and veteran starting left tackle Chad Clifton injured his ankle.
Week 3: at St. Louis Rams.
"at Edward Jones Dome, St. Louis, Missouri
A week after losing to the Cincinnati Bengals, the Packers traveled down to St. Louis, Missouri to face the 0–2 St. Louis Rams.
The game started with the Rams offense in possession after Danny Amendola returned the initial kickoff to the Rams 43-yard line. The Rams moved the ball down to the Packers 31-yard line but had to settle for the field goal. The attempt though was blocked by the Packers Johnny Jolly and recovered by Will Blackmon. Blackmon returned the ball to the Packers 43-yard line and the Packers offense took to the field. The Packers offense fluttered out at the Rams 30-yard line in which the Packers field goal unit took to the field. Kicker Mason Crosby converted the 48-yard field goal for the Packers to take the early 3–0 lead. The game then resumed with the Rams in possession. after an initial holding penalty on first down, Stephen Jackson then ran for no gain and caught a pass for 4 yards. On third down Rams quarterback Marc Bulger was hit by Aaron Kampman in which Bulger fumbled the bal. Defensive end Johnny Jolly then recovered the fumble at the Rams 15-yard line. The Packers offense then took to the field in the Rams red zone, but after a short run by Ryan Grant and an incomplete pass to Donald Driver, Aaron Rodgers was sacked for a loss of 12 yards and the Packers had to settle for a 38-yard field goal attempt in which Mason Crosby successfully converted to extend the Packers lead to 6–0. The Rams then took to the field looking to make up for the turn over, but the Rams luck took another turn for the worse on the first play of the drive in which running back Stephen Jackson was stripped by Cullen Jenkins. The fumble was then recovered by Packers cornerback Al Harris. The Rams quarterback Marc Bulger was injured on the play and did not return to the game. Similar to the last time the Packers took over possession in the red zone, the offense failed to move the ball much and had to settle for another field goal. Crosby's third field goal of the day was successful to give the Packers a 9–0 lead to end the first quarter.
On the first Rams possession of the 2nd quarter, the offense now led by backup quarterback Kyle Boller managed to get two first down's, but came up short on an incomplete pass to Stephen Jackson and had to settle for a punt. The Packers took to the field and on the second play of the drive, Aaron Rodgers threw deep left to Donald Driver in which he made a miraculous one handed grab for 46 yards. After a 12 pass completion to Jordy Nelson a 12 yard scramble by Aaron Rodgers and a 5-yard run by Ryan Grant, Rodgers handed the ball off to fullback John Kuhn up the middle followed by a fake pitch right to Ryan Grant. The defense was sold by the fake pitch and John Kuhn charged forward into the end zone for the games first touchdown. The extra point was successful and the Packers took a 16–0 lead. The Rams then responded though on their corresponding drive by completing a 16-yard pass from Kyle Boller to Daniel Fells for the touchdown to decrease the Packers lead to 16–7. On the Packers next drive, Rodgers completed a 50-yard pass to Greg Jennings down the right sideline and capped the drive with a 21-yard pass to a streaking Donald Driver in the left corner of the end zone. Crosby converted the extra point and the lead was extended to 23–7. With the Packers in a prevent defense, the Rams managed to move the ball quite successfully down the field down to the Packers 19-yard line with 8 seconds remaining in the half. The Rams then scored another touchdown when Kyle Boller connected again for 19 yards to Daniel Fells, this time in the left side of the end zone just inside the goal line. This would be the last score of the half and the Packers went into the half with a 23–14 lead.
The Packers didn't manage to move the ball much on the first possession of the third quarter and had to settle for their first punt of the game. The Rams move the ball down to the Packers 35-yard line, but in the end had to settle for a 53-yard field goal decreasing the Packers lead to 23–17. Both teams didn't manage to move the ball much and traded punts throughout the rest of the third quarter.
On the first play of the fourth quarter though, Rodgers connected with Greg Jennings again deep middle for 53 yards down to the Rams 17-yard line. Four plays later, Aaron Rodgers scampered up the middle on a four-yard run for a touchdown. Mason Crosby missed the extra point though, raising the Packer lead to 29–17. The Rams took to the field but didn't manage to convert a first down and punted the ball. The Packers didn't manage much either on their next drive converting only one first down, a came up a yard short for a second first down and settled for a punt. The Rams took over on their own 15-yard line, but on a third a six at their 19-yard line, Charles Woodson stepped in front of Danny Amendola crossing the middle of the field and intercepted the Kyle Boller pass. After a 13-yard pass to Donald Driver and a 5-yard run by Ryan Grant, Aaron Rodgers hit John Kuhn in the right side of the end zone for Rodgers second touchdown pass of the day. The Packers took the 36–17 lead with the added extra point. The Rams couldn't convert on fourth down of their following drive and the Packers took over own downs. The Packers offense then took to the field and after five Ryan Grant runs, Aaron Rodgers kneeled twice to run out the clock.
With the 36–17 win over the St. Louis Rams, the Packers increased their record to 2–1 heading into a Monday Night Football showdown against the 3–0 Minnesota Vikings led by longtime former Packers starting quarterback Brett Favre.
Week 4: at Minnesota Vikings.
"at Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, Minneapolis, Minnesota
With both teams coming off of wins, the 2–1 Green Bay Packers will travel to Minneapolis, Minnesota to face the 3–0 Minnesota Vikings in a Monday Night Football showdown. The Vikings will be led by starting quarterback Brett Favre.
The game started with the Packers in possession. After the offense moved the ball consistently down field down to the Minnesota 24-yard line, but Aaron Rodgers was then sacked by two Vikings defenders for a 9-yard loss and fumbled the football. The ball was recovered by Vikings linebacker Chad Greenway at the Vikings 33-yard line. After the turnover, Brett Favre took to the field clad in purple. The Vikings too seemed to also be able to move the ball just as effectively with multiple short runs by running back Adrian Peterson and throws by Brett Favre. The Vikings finally capped the 12-play, 67-yard drive with a 1-yard touchdown pass short left from Brett Favre to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe. With the score, the Vikings took the early 7–0 lead.
The Packers then took to the field looking to make up for the turnover on their first possession of the game. On 3rd and 5 after an incompletion to Greg Jennings and a 5-yard run by fullback John Kuhn, Aaron Rodgers fired a pass to second year tight end Jermichael Finley deep middle in which he caught around the Vikings 35-yard line and then ran the ball the rest of the way into the end zone for a Packers 62-yard touchdown. With the extra point the game was now tied 7–7.
The Vikings took to the field again, but after two incompletions and a completion for a 5-yard loss the Vikings were forced to punt. The Packers then took over at the Minnesota 43-yard line. The Packers again managed to move the ball quite effectively against the Vikings defense but like the first drive of the game, the drive ended with a turn over. This time it was an attempted short right pass to Greg Jennings from Aaron Rodgers that was intercepted by Antoine Winfield at the Vikings 23-yard line. Similar to the last drive after the Packers turned over the ball, the Vikings managed to move the ball effortlessly down to the Packers 14-yard line in which Brett Favre then connected with wide receiver Sidney Rice for Favre's second touchdown strike against the Packers. With the score the Vikings retook the lead at 14–7.
The Packers then took to the field looking again to make up for another costly turnover, but the offense failed to move the ball and Aaron Rodgers was sacked on 3rd down forcing the Packers to punt. The Packers would level the score though on the Vikings next offensive play of the game. Vikings running back Adrian Peterson ran wide left and was stacked up behind the line of scrimmage. While he was being stopped, Packers rookie linebacker Clay Matthews ripped the ball away from Peterson and returned the ball untouched 42 yards for the Packers tying touchdown at 14–14.
On the Vikings next possession looking to retake the lead, Favre and company compiled together a drive highlighted by a 43-yard pass from Brett Favre to Percy Harvin down to the Packers 3-yard line. On the next play, Favre dropped back to pass and the ball was intercepted by Packers cornerback Charles Woodson in the center of the end zone but the play was nullified by a defensive pass interference call paired with a defensive offside penalty. The pass inference penalty was accepted and the ball was placed on the Packers 1-yard line. On the next play Vikings running back Adrian Peterson rushed up the middle for the score to give the Vikings a 21–14 lead. The Packers took over with little time remaining but still attempted to put points on the board. After a 14-yard pass to Greg Jennings down to the Vikings 48-yard line, Aaron Rodgers took the team's final timeout with 1 second remaining. On the final play of the half Rodgers tossed a deep ball into a group of players the right corner of the end zone but the ball fell incomplete ending the half 21–14 in favor of the Vikings.
The Vikings received the ball at the start of the second half, and managed to still move the ball effectively against the Packers defense that was getting virtually no pressure on Brett Favre. On second and ten at the Green Bay 44-yard line, Brett Favre connected with Jeff Dugan to the Green Bay 31 for 25 yards and then capped the drive with a 31 yard strike to receiver Bernard Berrian deep left for a touchdown to extend the Vikings lead to 28–14.
The Packers then took to the field and managed to move the ball down field highlighted by a 24-yard pass to Donald Driver and a 20-yard pass to Ryan Grant down to the Minnesota 5-yard line setting the team up first and goal at the Vikings 5-yard line. On first down Ryan Grant ran up the middle for a four-yard gain. On second down the Packers tried a trick play that looked like a run wide right for Grant, but Rodgers handed the ball off to fullback John Kuhn who ran up the middle but the Vikings were not fooled and Kuhn's attempt to score a touchdown was stopped when his knee hit down at the line of scrimmage before lunging into the endzone. On third down, Rodgers connected with tight end Jermichael Finley who ran an out route to the right, but was tackled right after the reception at the line of scrimmage by Vikings linebacker Ben Leber for no gain. The Packers then choose to go for it on fourth down rather than settling the field goal. On the play, Rodgers looked right, then back left and passed to Packers tight end Donald Lee short middle, but Lee failed to catch the pass resulting in loss of downs and the Vikings took over possession at their 1-yard line.
On the Vikings next drive that continued on into the final quarter of play, the Vikings managed to move the ball out of their own end zone down to their own 37-yard line, but the drive stalled on a 5 yard completed screen pass short of the first down marker on 3rd and 10. The Packers took over at their own 15-yard line, and Rodgers was sacked on first down. On second down Ryan Grant ran up the middle for 10 yards making up for the lost yardage on the sack and more. The drive came to an end though on the next play when quarterback Aaron Rodgers pretended to walk toward the sideline and the ball was directly snapped to backup running back DeShawn Wynn. Wynn managed to gain 6 yards on 3rd and 7, but falling a yard short on the trick play the Packers were forced to punt.
The Viking offense then took to the field again, but the Packers defense held the Vikings on third down and they too were forced to punt. After another stellar punt by Vikings punter Chris Kluwe, the Packers were again pinned deep in their own end at their own 1-yard line. After two unsuccessful plays for no gain on first and second down, Aaron Rodgers was sacked by Jared Allen at the goal line and fumbled the football. The ball was recovered by the Vikings, but the ruling on the field was challenged by the Packers that the ground had caused the fumbled. The ruling on the field was then changed to a safety rather than giving the Vikings the ball at the Packers 1-yard line and the Vikings extended their lead to 30–14.
After the safety the Packers kicked off and the Vikings took over at their 40-yard line.The Packers managed to again hold the Vikings defense to a three and out and the ball was punted back to the Packers. On the Packers next possession, Ryan Grant started off the drive with a 15-yard run, and Jermichael Finley caught a 37-yard pass from Rodgers two plays later. Three plays later after an 11-yard rush by Aaron Rodgers and an incomplete pass, Rodgers connected with second year wide receiver Jordy Nelson for a 33-yard touchdown strike. After a failed two-point conversion pass to Ryan Grant the Vikings lead was decreased to 30–20.
The Packers then tried a failed onside kick and the Vikings took over the ball with 3:39 remaining in the game, but due to poor clock management by the Vikings they were held to a three and out and only had run 29 seconds off of the game clock after the punt. The Packers took over at their own 18-yard line with 3:10 remaining in the contest. On first play of the drive, Rodgers connected with Donald Driver for 10 yards which with the reception tied Sterling Sharpe's club career high receptions total with 595. On third and 12 at their own 26-yard line, Rodgers hit James Jones in the middle of the field in which he then took the ball to the Minnesota 40 for 34 yards. Five plays later after Rodgers threw the ball away on third down, Mason Crosby converted a 31-yard field goal to decrease the Vikings lead to 30–23.
The Packers attempted their second onside kick of the game with 55 seconds remaining, but the kick was again recovered by the Vikings ending all chances of a comeback. The Vikings then lined up in the victory formation and ran out the clock to defeat the Packers 30–23.
During the contest, Packers return specialist Will Blackmon suffered a season ending knee injury.
With the loss, the Packers go into their bye week with a 2–2 record sitting in third place in the NFC North behind the 4–0 Minnesota Vikings and the 3–1 Chicago Bears.
Week 6: vs. Detroit Lions.
"at Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin
After the bye week, the Packers returned home to face the 1–4 Detroit Lions. Offensive tackle Chad Clifton returned to the starting lineup along with safety Atari Bigby after each had missed the last two and three games respectively. Starting center Jason Spitz was inactive with an injury.
Starting off the contest, the Packers received the ball in which kickoff returner Jordy Nelson returned 99 yards for a touchdown, but the score was nullified by a holding penalty and the offense took to the field starting at their own 20-yard line. On the opening drive, quarterback Aaron Rodgers converted the first third down of the drive with a 26-yard pass to Greg Jennings to the Packers 49-yard line. Three plays later on the second third down of the drive, Rodgers hit James Jones who was wide open along the right sideline underneath the safety's coverage . Jones then evaded the last defender and scored the first touchdown of the day to give the Packers an early 7–0 lead.
On the Lions first possession of the game, backup quarterback Daunte Culpepper who started in place of the Lions rookie starting quarterback Matt Stafford was pressured on their first third down and forced a short errant pass intended for Lions running back Kevin Smith. The pass was intercepted by the Packers defensive end Cullen Jenkins at the Detroit 21 and returned to the 17 for 4 yards.
Starting in the red zone after the turnover, Packers wide receiver Donald Driver caught a pass on the left sideline on second down for 5 yards down to the Detroit 6-yard line for a 1st down but an unnecessary roughness penalty moved the Packers back 15 yards to the Detroit 21-yard line. The reception was significant though in that with the reception Donald Driver passed former Packers wide receiver Sterling Sharpe on the club's all time receptions list to take top honors. The drive then continued with an 8-yard reception from Jermichael Finley a four-yard run by Ryan Grant and another 8-yard reception by Finley. The drive was then capped off with a 1-yard touchdown pass short left to fullback John Kuhn. With the score the Packers took a 14–0 lead.
Both teams then went on to exchange possessions with no real key moments on into the second quarter. The Lions failed to move the ball with any effectiveness while the Packers key downfall were penalties that set the offense up in unfavorable down and distance situations.
With 10:26 remaining in the half, the Packers offense took to the field and the first play of the drive was a 17-yard pass to Greg Jennings down to the Lions 29-yard line. The drive stalled though three plays later when Aaron Rodgers was sacked for no gain on third down and the Packers had to settle for a 46-yard field goal in which kicker Mason Crosby converted successfully. The score was now 17–0 in the Packers favor.
On the Lions next drive, Lions running back Kevin Smith ran for 19 yards on second down which moved the ball out to the Detroit 38, but Daunte Culpepper was sacked on third down for a 4-yard loss by rookie linebacker Clay Matthews and they were forced to punt. The Packers took to the field in excellent field position after the punt was returned by Tramon Williams to the Lions 29-yard line. After minimal success in the red zone again, the Packers failed to convert on third down and had to settle for another field goal to increase the lead to 20–0.
On the Lions next possession, they failed to convert on third down yet again and set up a 4th and 3 at their own 45-yard line. Unhappy with the teams offensive struggles the Lions choose to go for it on fourth down but were shut down by the Packers defense for a 1-yard loss. The Packers offense then took to the field in their opponents end for the second straight drive. The drive was started with two receptions by tight end Jermichael Finley a 5-yard catch and then a 30-yard catch down to the Detroit 8-yard line. Aaron Rodgers spiked the ball to stop the clock with 19 seconds remaining in the half. On the next offensive play though, Rodgers was sacked for a 5-yard loss forcing them to use their last timeout. On third and three at the Lions 13-yard line, Rodgers attempted a pass to the right side of the end zone to wide receiver Brett Swain but the pass was out of reach and the Packers had to settle for yet another field goal in which Crosby converted to extend the lead to 23–0 right before halftime.
On the first drive of third quarter, Daunte Culpepper scrambled out of the pocket and ran for 5 yards. On the run, Daunte noticeably slowed before running out of bounds and was later replaced by Lions third string quarterback Drew Stanton. After a Stanton incomplete pass, the Lions punted the ball on fourth down.
The Packers offense took to the field and Rodgers and Driver connected multiple times during the drive for gains of 18 and 27 yards. Donald Lee also had an 18 yard grab. On third and five at the Detroit nine-yard line, Rodgers passed short to Driver and only managed to advance the ball for one yard before being tackled. The offense yet again stalled and had to settle for yet another Mason Crosby field goal to extend the lead to 26–0.
Detroit then took to the field again with Drew Stanton still leading their offense. On the second play of the possession, Stanton passed deep left to tight end Brandon Pettigrew in which the pass hit the receiver but popped up into the air and fell into the waiting arms of Packers cornerback Al Harris for the interception.
The Packers then took over and managed to move the ball effectively yet again with the drive highlighted by an amazing one hand catch by Donald Driver for 37 yards down the left sideline. The great catch was then followed by a 9 yard grab by Spencer Havner and a 9 yard grab by Greg Jennings which set the Packers up 1st and goal at the Lions three-yard line.
On first down though Rodgers dropped back to pass but was hit and sacked by Julian Peterson. Rodgers fumbled and the ball was recovered by Larry Foote at the Detroit 15.
On the Lions next possession which extended into the fourth quarter, the Packers put the pressure on Drew Stanton sacking him twice with the second sack by Al Harris on third down ending the drive.
The Packers then took to the field running the ball looking to run out the clock and possibly ignite their previously ineffective running game. After a couple of decent carries by Ryan Grant, Rodgers then dropped back to pass and threw a pass short middle that was intended for wide receiver James Jones. Lions linebacker DeAndre Levy who was in front of Jones intercepted the pass at the Lions 40 and returned it to the 45 for 5 yards. He then fumbled the ball but recovered his own fumble for no gain.
After the interception, running back Kevin Smith rushed for 20 yards on 2nd down. In what was the best Lions attempt to put points on the board of the day, moving the ball all the way to the Packers 9-yard line Stanton forced a throw to Lions tight end Brandon Pettigrew in the center of the end zone and Packers safety Atari Bigby intercepted the pass in the end zone for a touchback and the Packers offense took to the field at their own 20-yard line.
The Packers then ran the ball multiple times with Ryan Grant and Brandon Jackson to try to run down the clock. Jackson fumbled after a five-yard gain but the ball was fortunately recovered by Packers Jermichael Finley. Rodgers scampered for a 10-yard gain on the next play, but the yardage gained was nullified by a penalty an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty on Donald Driver after Rodgers had slid to the ground. Ryan Grant then rushed for a 22-yard gain followed by a couple more short rushes to run the play clock under 2 minutes. Rodgers then took two kneel downs and the game clock expired to give the Packers a 26–0 win.
Chad Clifton suffered another injury setback during the contest late in the second half and was held out of the rest of the game. Wide receiver Jordy Nelson also injured his right leg in the contest.
With the win, the Packers increased their record to 3–2 on the season and move ahead into second place in the division (based on head to head, division and conference records) ahead of the 3–2 Chicago Bears who lost to the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday Night Football. Both teams still trail behind the 6–0 Minnesota Vikings.
Week 7: at Cleveland Browns.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio
In week seven, the Packers traveled to Cleveland, Ohio to face the 1–5 Cleveland Browns at Cleveland Browns Stadium.
The Browns started off the contest with the ball at their own 45-yard line after Packers kicker Mason Crosby kicked the ball out of bounds on the opening kickoff. The Browns couldn't manage to move the ball effectively on their first possession though failing to convert their first third down of the game and had to settle for a punt.
After the punt the Packers took over at their own 14-yard line and ran the ball on ten of the eleven plays of their first drive, moving the ball all the way down to the Cleveland 32-yard line where backup running back Brandon Jackson came up a yard short on a third and three. The Packers offense stayed on the field and quarterback Aaron Rodgers attempted a quarterback sneak up the middle but the attempt failed to gain any yards and the ball was turned over on downs.
Cleveland's second drive of the game was more successful than the previous, with the biggest gain of the drive coming on a 22-yard pass from quarterback Derek Anderson to wide receiver Mohamed Massaquoi who beat Packers cornerback Al Harris on a square in route. Harris also grabbed Massaquoi's face mask on the tackle and the Packers were penalized 15 yards for the infraction. The Browns managed to advance the ball down deep into the red zone, but the Packers defense held the Browns out of the end zone and forced them to settle for a 22-yard field goal on the first play of the second quarter that hit the upright but deflected through to give the Browns an early 3–0 lead.
On the Packers' next drive, Aaron Rodgers and company moved the ball down to the Cleveland 48-yard line with a short pass to Donald Lee, a 13-yard pass to Donald Driver and a 6-yard pass to Greg Jennings. The drive was capped off with a short right pass from Aaron Rodgers to linebacker turned tight end Spencer Havner. Havner pulled in the pass and ran down the right sideline 45 yards for a touchdown to claim a 7–3 Packers lead.
The Browns then took over on offense trying to reclaim the lead from the Packers. After two incompletions and a 5-yard pass completion the Browns failed to reach the first down marker and looked to end the offensive series on a three and out. On the punt however, the Packers were penalized 5 yards for having 12 men on the field of play which gave the Browns a first down. The Browns still failed to capitalize on the Packers mistake by only gaining 4 yards on the next three plays and settled for another punt.
The Packers offense took over again at their own 14. On first down, running back Ryan Grant rushed for 6 yards and 4 on second down, but tight end Donald Lee was flagged for holding on the second rushing attempt, moving the Packers back 10 yards. Lee made up for his mistake on the new play though, hauling in a 19-yard reception for a first down. On the next play, Rodgers dropped back to pass and hit Donald Driver in stride between two defenders. Driver accelerated down field past an oncoming safety and into the end zone for a 71-yard touchdown to increase the Packers lead to 14–3.
The Browns offense took to the field to try to out-fox the Packers defense. On the sixth play of the drive though, quarterback Derek Anderson was intercepted by Packers cornerback Charles Woodson in which he returned down to the Browns 15-yard line for a 25-yard return. Ryan Grant then rushed the ball for nine yards on second down to the Browns 3-yard line to set up first and goal at the three. After an incomplete pass to Greg Jennings, Ryan Grant rushed for 2 more yards on second down falling a yard short of the touchdown. Rodgers then passed to Donald Driver on third and one but the pass was incomplete. Fortunately, the Browns defender covering Driver was flagged for pass inference and the Packer were rewarded with a first and goal at the 1-yard line. After a Grant run for no gain and a John Kuhn rush for no gain, Ryan Grant then managed to break the goal line on third down to score a touchdown for the Packers extending the lead even more to 21–3. The Browns took over with less than a minute remaining in the half but managed to have to settle for one final hail Mary attempt into the end zone which was batted down incomplete to end the half with the Packers leading 21–3.
After the half, the Packers started out with possession and managed to move the ball down to the Browns 37-yard line with multiple short yardage gains both passing and rushing. After an offensive pass interference penalty on Donald Lee, the Packers failed to convert on third and 20 and had to settle for a 55-yard field goal attempt on which kicker Mason Crosby missed wide left.
The Browns then took over after the missed attempt and running back Jamal Lewis rushed for 4 yards on first and 4 on second down to set the Browns up with a 3rd and 2 on the Packers 47. On third down, Anderson dropped back to pass and threw a ball short right to wide receiver Josh Cribbs. Charles Woodson immediately hit Cribbs knocking the ball out of his possession. The ball was recovered by the Packers at the Packers 48 by Packers linebacker Brandon Chillar.
The Packers offense then got into another string of multiple rushing attempts in which was started out with a 15-yard carry by Grant. Rodgers also completed a 16-yard pass to Donald Lee on the drive which stalled when a short pass to Ryan Grant on third down and four only gained three yards down to the Browns 1-yard line. Crosby came onto the field and converted a chip shot field goal to extend the Packers lead to 24–3.
The Browns managed to move the ball much more effectively than previous attempts on their corresponding drive moving the ball all the way down into the red zone. In the drive that in which extended into the fourth quarter, The Browns offense was held on four straight attempts inside the Packers four-yard line. The drive ended when the Browns choose to go for it on fourth down at the one, but the Anderson pass flew over wide receiver Mohamed Massaquoi and out of the back of the end zone.
The Packers then took over at their own 1-yard line and managed to move the ball 99 yards for another touchdown. The drive was highlighted by an 18-yard pass to Jennings, a 14-yard pass to Spencer Havner and a 19-yard scamper by Aaron Rodgers down to the Browns 39-yard line. Ryan Grant broke loose on the next play of the drive for 37 yards down the right sideline to the Browns 5-yard line. Rodgers then connected with James Jones in the lower left corner of the end zone for the final touchdown of the game, which extended the lead to 31–3.
Both teams then continued to exchange rather meaningless possessions with the Packers offense now being run by backup quarterback Matt Flynn. The Packers final drive of the game started with 5:52 remaining on the clock and multiple rush attempts along with a Flynn pass to Jennings for 12 yards ran the clock down to 35 seconds. The Browns took over and rushed the ball once in which the game clock then expired to give the Packers their second successive victory, this time 31–3 over the Cleveland Browns.
During the contest second-year tight end Jermichael Finley and fourth-string wide receiver Brett Swain both were removed for the game because of knee injuries.
With the win, the Packers increased their record to 4–2 to hold onto second place in the division behind the Minnesota Vikings at 6–1, who lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers and ahead of the 3–3 Chicago Bears who also were defeated by the Cincinnati Bengals later in the day.
Week 8: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
"at Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin
Coming off their road win over the Browns, the Packers went home for the highly anticipated Week 8 divisional rematch with the Minnesota Vikings, as former Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre made his return to face his former team.
The Packers got the game off to quick start in the first quarter as kicker Mason Crosby made a 37-yard field goal, but the Vikings responded with running back Adrian Peterson's 1-yard touchdown run. Things got worse for Green Bay in the second quarter as Favre completed a 12-yard touchdown pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe, followed by kicker Ryan Longwell (another former Packer) nailing a 41-yard field goal. The Packers would end the first half with 48 yards of offense, the lowest in over 10 years for a Packers team.
Minnesota would add onto their lead in the third quarter as Favre found wide receiver Percy Harvin on a 51-yard touchdown pass as 3 Packer defenders collided and hit the ground. Yet Green Bay began to rally as Crosby booted a 26-yard field goal, followed up by quarterback Aaron Rodgers completing a 16-yard and a 5-yard touchdown pass to tight end Spencer Havner. The Vikings would answer in the fourth quarter as Favre hooked up with tight end/fullback Jeff Dugan on a 2-yard touchdown pass. The Packers tried to rally as Rodgers connected with wide receiver Greg Jennings on a 10-yard touchdown pass (with a failed 2-point conversion), but Minnesota would put the game out of reach as Favre hooked up with wide receiver Bernard Berrian on a 16-yard touchdown pass. Favre threw 4 TD's with 0 INT, and had a passer rating of 128 (http://www.nfl.com/players/gamelogs?id=FAV540222).
With the loss, Green Bay fell to 4–3 and were swept by the Vikings for the first time since 2005.
Week 9: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Florida
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Vikings, the Packers flew to Raymond James Stadium for a Week 9 duel with the throwback-cladded Tampa Bay Buccaneers, who were looking for their first win of the season. In the first quarter, Green Bay struck first as quarterback Aaron Rodgers hooked up with wide receiver James Jones on a 74-yard touchdown pass. The Buccaneers would respond with quarterback Josh Freeman's 6-yard touchdown pass to running back Derrick Ward, yet the Packers regained the lead with a 2-yard touchdown run from running back Ryan Grant. Tampa Bay would tie the game again as cornerback Ronde Barber returned an blocked punt 31 yards for a touchdown, yet Green Bay kept replying as Rodgers completed a 32-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Donald Driver. The Buccaneers would close out the half as kicker Connor Barth nailed a 38-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, Rodgers would give the Packers 12-yard touchdown run to begin the fourth quarter. However, Tampa Bay would take the lead as Freeman completed two 7-yard touchdown passes to tight end Kellen Winslow (with a failed two-point conversion) and wide receiver Sammie Stroughter (with a successful two-point conversion pass to wide receiver Michael Clayton). Green Bay tried to rally, but the Buccaneers would seal the win with safety Tanard Jackson returning an interception 35 yards for a touchdown.
With the loss, the Packers fell to 4–4.
Week 10: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
"at Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin
Trying to snap a two-game losing streak, the Packers went home for a Week 10 duel with the Dallas Cowboys. Green Bay would get the only points of the first half in the form of a 48-yard field goal from kicker Mason Crosby. After a scoreless third quarter, the Packers would take a huge lead in the fourth quarter with quarterback Aaron Rodgers' 1-yard touchdown run and his 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Spencer Havner. The Cowboys would try to rally with quarterback Tony Romo's 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Roy Williams, Green Bay's defense would hold strong for a huge victory.
With the win, not only do the Packers improved to 5–4, but also the Packers finally beat Dallas for revenge after 5 years of losing since their meeting with the Cowboys in 2004.
Week 11: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
Coming off their win over the Cowboys, the Packers stayed at home for a Week 11 duel with the San Francisco 49ers. In the first quarter, Green Bay began the game with a 23-yard field goal from kicker Mason Crosby. The 49ers would respond with kicker Joe Nedney nailing a 46-yard field goal, yet the Packers came back with Crosby's 27-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Green Bay would add onto their lead as quarterback Aaron Rodgers completed a 64-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Greg Jennings and a 7-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jordy Nelson. Afterwards, Crosby would end the half with a 27-yard field goal.
San Francisco would begin to rally in the third quarter as quarterback Alex Smith completed a 38-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Michael Crabtree, yet the Packers would answer in the fourth quarter as running back Ryan Grant got a 1-yard touchdown run. The 49ers tried to come back as Smith threw a 24-yard touchdown pass to tight end Vernon Davis and a 10-yard touchdown pass to running back Frank Gore, yet Green Bay's defense would prevent any further progress.
With the win, the Packers improved to 6–4.
Week 12: at Detroit Lions.
Coming off their win over the 49ers, the Packers flew to Ford Field for a Week 12 Thanksgiving duel with their NFC North rival, the Detroit Lions. Green Bay would trail in the first quarter as wide receiver Jordy Nelson fumbled on the game's opening kickoff, which allowed Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford to find wide receiver Calvin Johnson. The Packers would answer in the second quarter as quarterback Aaron Rodgers completed a 7-yard touchdown pass to tight end Donald Lee, followed by kicker Mason Crosby booting a 20-yard and a 25-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Green Bay would add onto their lead as Rodgers hooked up with wide receiver Donald Driver on a 7-yard touchdown pass, followed by wide receiver James Jones on a 21-yard touchdown pass. Detroit tried to come back in the fourth quarter as safety Louis Delmas tackled running back Ryan Grant in his own endzone for a safety, followed by kicker Jason Hanson nailing a 22-yard field goal. Fortunately, the Packers would pull away as cornerback Charles Woodson returned an interception 38 yards for a touchdown.
With the win, Green Bay improved to 7–4.
Donald Driver (7 receptions, 142 yards, 1 TD) was named Fox's winner of the 2009 Galloping Gobbler Award.
Week 15: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
During the 37–36 win, Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger threw for 503 passing yards. In doing so he became just the 10th quarterback since 1950 to throw for 500 or more yards in a game and the first Steeler to do so.
Week 16: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
"at Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin
Playoffs.
NFC Wildcard Round: at Arizona Cardinals.
Entering the playoffs as the NFC's No. 5 seed, the Packers began their postseason run at the University of Phoenix Stadium for the NFC Wild Card game against the No. 4 Arizona Cardinals, in a rematch of their Week 17 win.
Green Bay would trail in the first quarter as early turnovers led to the Cardinals getting a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Tim Hightower, followed by quarterback Kurt Warner finding wide receiver Early Doucet on a 15-yard touchdown pass. Arizona would add onto their lead with kicker Neil Rackers making a 23-yard field goal. The Packers would answer in the second quarter with a 1-yard touchdown run from quarterback Aaron Rodgers, but the Cardinals came right back with Warner's 15-yard touchdown pass to Doucet. Green Bay would close out the half with kicker Mason Crosby getting a 20-yard field goal.
Arizona would add onto their lead in the third quarter as Warner completed a 33-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald, yet the Packers continued to hang tough as Rodgers found wide receiver Greg Jennings on a 6-yard touchdown pass. Then, after a successful surprise onside kick, Green Bay continued to rally with Rodgers finding wide receiver Jordy Nelson on a 10-yard touchdown pass. However, the Cardinals continued to torture the Packer defense with Warner's 11-yard touchdown pass to Fitzgerald. In the fourth quarter, the Packers would tie the game as Rodgers connected with wide receiver James Jones on a 30-yard touchdown pass, followed by fullback John Kuhn getting a 1-yard touchdown run. However, Arizona's offense continued its dominating play with Warner's 17-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve Breaston. Despite that, Green Bay would come up with another tie as Rodgers found tight end Spencer Havner on an 11-yard touchdown pass. However, despite getting the ball to begin overtime, the Cardinals would get the last laugh as linebacker Karlos Dansby returned a fumble 17 yards for the game-ending touchdown.
With the heart-crushing loss, the Packers closed out their season with an overall record of 11–6.
The game set numerous NFL postseason records. The 96 combined points scored by the Packers and Cardinals is the most in NFL postseason history, surpassing the previous mark of 95 (Eagles 58, Lions 37 in 1995). The two offenses combined for 1,024 yards (tied for third most in postseason history) and 62 first downs (Packers 32, Cardinals 30), breaking the record of 59 set in a 1981 divisional game between the Chargers and Dolphins.
Regular season statistical leaders.
Statistics are correct through Week 17.
Statistical league rankings.
League rankings are correct through Week 17. 
Records.
2010 Pro Bowl selections.
The Packers 2010 Pro Bowl selections were announced on December 29 during a special NFL Total Access 2010 NFL Pro Bowl Selection Show on NFL Network. Aaron Rodgers is going to the pro bowl, along with Charles Woodson and Nick Collins. Rookie Clay Matthews was later added after Bears linebacker Lance Briggs dropped out because of an injury. After the NFC championship Aaron Rodgers was promoted to starter due to New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees declining to participate in the Pro Bowl due to playing in the Super Bowl the following week and Brett Favre also declined to play due to injury.
Notes:
2009 All-Pro selections.
The following is a list of players that were named to the Associated Press 2009 All-Pro Team.

</doc>
<doc id="20871705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871705" title="Saint-Ouen (Paris RER)">
Saint-Ouen (Paris RER)

Saint-Ouen is a station in Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER. It is situated in Saint-Ouen, in the département of Seine-Saint-Denis. 

</doc>
<doc id="20871709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871709" title="Les Grésillons (Paris RER)">
Les Grésillons (Paris RER)

Les Grésillons is a station in Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER. It is situated in Gennevilliers, in the département of Hauts-de-Seine, and close to the industrial zone of the Caboeufs.

</doc>
<doc id="20871722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871722" title="Versailles-Château (Paris RER)">
Versailles-Château (Paris RER)

Versailles-Château - "Rive Gauche" is a station in line C of the Paris Region's express suburban rail system, the RER. It is situated in Versailles, in the département of Yvelines. This station is the terminus of RER C5, and the closest train station to the Château de Versailles.

</doc>
<doc id="20871732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871732" title="Hubert Parot">
Hubert Parot

Hubert Parot (born 23 May 1933) is an equestrian from France and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the French team at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20871733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871733" title="Gare de Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines">
Gare de Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines

Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines is a station situated on the Paris–Brest railway. It is served by Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER and by suburban Transilien services. The station opened in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20871737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871737" title="Frederick Mills (engineer)">
Frederick Mills (engineer)

Frederick Mills (1898 - 22 June 1949) was Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Western Australian Government Railways from 1940 until his death in 1949. He was seconded to the Federal Government during the Second World War and was known throughout his career for designing a number of the influential steam locomotives for operation in Western Australia, including a number of controversial designs. No fewer than four Royal Commissions were held into various aspects of WAGR operations — including an examination of the safety of the ASG locomotive and other aspects pertinent to its design and development — during his tenure, all of them into issues against which Mills himself fought unceasingly.
Biography.
Frederick Mills was born in England in 1898. He served for six years as an apprentice fitter-and-turner with R & W Hawthorn Leslie and Co. at Newcastle upon Tyne and after passing the necessary examination was admitted to that company's drawing office during his apprenticeship. He served in the Royal Air Force and on de-mobilisation became a draughtsman with Sir W.G. Armstrong-Whitworth & Co., another well-known builder. While working for his two British employers, Mills participated in the design of locomotives for export to railways throughout the world. In 1926, on the recommendation of Sir W.G. Armstrong-Whitworth & Co., he was appointed Designing Draughtsman for the WAGR and emigrated to WA. He was promoted to Chief Draughtsman in 1931.
During 1928 Mills was handed the responsibility for designing the only Garratt built in Australia up to the Second World War - the Msa Class. The design was similar to the Ms Class supplied by Beyer-Peacock & Co. Ltd., but the lengthening of the firebox required work to be done on the re-distribution of weight and the pivots.
During the 1930s, Mills submitted plans for a new 4-8-2 locomotive class to assist in Western Australia's failing railway system. They would become the WAGR S Class, the only locomotive to be completely conceived, designed and built in the Midland Workshops. Despite his insistence that their construction constituted essential war work, production of the S Class was postponed, and it wasn’t until 1943 that the first three of an eventual total of ten were placed into service. The S class was to prove one of the more controversial of Western Australia's locomotives; suffering from a variety of early problems due to Mills’ implementation of some bold new ideas. However, despite numerous complaints from various railway unions they eventually became solid performers.
Mills was just as well-educated in engineering theory as railway locomotive design practice. In 1939 he relieved the Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Western Australia. He was a Member of the Institution of Engineers Australia, The North East Coast Institution of Engineers and Shipbuilders, The American Society of Mechanical Engineers and the Institution of Locomotive Engineers. As a graduate of the second of those worthy bodies, Mills won special prizes for his papers on locomotive boilers and steam locomotive design and construction. He published in the engineering press several articles on locomotive and rollingstock design and read papers before the Institution of Engineers.
Also in 1939, the James F. Lincoln Arc Welding Foundation of the U.S.A. conducted a worldwide competition for papers on new applications of electric welding. Mills took the £1000 first prize in the Railway Locomotive section for his design of a welded engine frame. In 1940 he was appointed Chief Mechanical Engineer. 
During the Second World War the WAGR, like other Australian railway systems, was facing severe economic crisis. The problems in Western Australia, however, were exaggerated by a succession of State Governments having provided little for the railways, meaning that they had not yet recovered from the effects of the Great Depression. Approximately half of the WAGR's locomotive fleet dated back before the turn of the century, and by 1943 a quarter were out of service pending overhaul.
Wartime service with the Commonwealth Land Transport Board (Ministry of Munitions) and creation of the ASG.
In 1942 Mills was seconded to the Federal Government to lead a team tasked with providing a design for a new standard-class narrow-gauge locomotive; the result being the Australian Standard Garratt of which 25 were used by the WAGR from a total of 57 locomotives built. The class were all withdrawn within fifteen years.
The war in the Pacific had turned Australia into a military base, with no state more affected than Queensland due to its strategic location vis á vis the Pacific theatre. The Australian and American military machines required of the Queensland Government Railways (the QGR) a logistical task that they were hard-pressed to accommodate; in fact a worse situation could scarcely be imagined. When the military forces needed machinery, people, and supplies moved in vast quantities as a matter of priority they had at their disposal the modest infrastructure of the QGR; light-weight track and structures, a tortuous geographic profile, unpretentious locomotives with low axle-loads, and train lengths limited by these factors. Added to that was the proportion of current QGR motive-power that was rotating through overhaul and repair. Against this background, the requirement for extra, effective motive-power in Queensland (and to a slightly lesser-extent, the rest of the nation) was identified as a critical requirement.
Mills was an eminent locomotive engineer and had considerable experience in locomotive design but he lacked one quality that was to increase the friction that was later to develop between his new employer (the Commonwealth Ministry of Munitions) and the QGR in the design and introduction of the ASG. Mills was not overly-tolerant or possessed of an excess of humility; in fact he was arrogant, authoritarian and obstinate. Given the hostility that later developed between the QGR and those in wartime control of the nation’s railways over the design and introduction of the ASG, the personalities of Mills and Victoria’s Harold Clapp were to have significance in some absurd circumstances that were to follow.
The Hon. George Lawson, Federal Minister for Transport in 1942, was responsible for the administration of the National Security Act (1942) and Regulations. These gave the Commonwealth full power and authority to control rail and road transport and do all things necessary to give effect to the Regulations. This included provision for setting up the Commonwealth Land Transport Board (CLTB) which was charged with giving effect to the Regulations and directing what rail and road transport services should be maintained and the terms and conditions of operation. The Board was also responsible for the acquisition, by purchase or manufacture, of any required vehicles and accessories and to operate and use them and determine routes and priorities of transport.
The eminence of Victorian Railways Commissioner Sir Harold Winthrop Clapp KBE as a railway manager resulted in his appointment by Lawson as the Director-General of the CLTB. In this position Clapp was empowered to authorise and direct all Board activity.
In April 1942, Joseph Arthur Ellis M.Inst.C.E., M.I.E.(Aust.), Commissioner of Railways for Western Australia since 1934 and being now — as Director of Locomotive and Rollingstock Construction in the Commonwealth Ministry of Munitions — a member of the CLTB, was requested by the War Railway Committee to examine Australia’s 3’ 6”-gauge railway systems (but most specifically that of Queensland) as to the practicability of using Garratt-type locomotives, and advise the CLTB. The War Railway Committee was composed of the Director-General of Land Transport, the Commissioners of the State and Commonwealth railway systems, the Director of Rail Transport, a nominee of the Minister for Army, and two rail union representatives.
Ellis was an appropriate appointee. He had been an engineer for the Queensland Government Railways from 1910 to 1926, and the WAGR had used Garratt locomotives for some 30 years (the Ms Class, originally ordered in 1911, being the first ‘main-line’ Garratts ever built). His secret report — to a singular Term of Reference — would be used to justify the acquisition of what would become known as the Australian Standard Garratt, to alleviate a wartime motive-power deficit most critically being felt in Queensland.
It is perhaps understandable that Ellis chose both his home-state Chief Mechanical Engineer and Assistant Secretary (C. Raymond) to assist in the investigation which eventually arrived at a recommendation to use the Garratt type for all Australian narrow-gauge systems; QGR itself apparently not represented in the eventual recommendation. Once the decision had been made to proceed with the ASG, Ellis elevated Mills to Controller of Locomotive and Rollingstock Construction for the Ministry of Munitions with responsibility for the actual design work.
In the course of their investigation Ellis and Mills had become aware of the Beyer-Peacock & Co. outline drawing № 120328 for a light Garratt-type locomotive and it is apparent that it was on this drawing that Mills later based the specifications for the locomotive he would propose, and go on to design. Mills’ design for the ASG was thus a variation of this drawing but he does not appear to have drawn great attention to the fact that he used it as the basis of his plan; hardly surprising as he was a proud man and proud of his design. If it had worked to everybody's satisfaction it would have been an historic first; the only steam locomotive ever designed and built in Australia for availability on all narrow-gauge systems.
At a time when the administrators of the QGR had lost the legal right to conduct their empire as they pleased, the way in which the Commonwealth officers approached their task was vital if proper organisation was to be achieved. Clapp and Mills could never be described as conducting their task with tact insofar as the Queenslanders were concerned. For various reasons the QGR did not agree that the ASG was the best locomotive for Queensland and did not accept the decision to build them with any degree of enthusiasm.
The means of acquisition of the locomotives thus became the next challenge for the participants. US builders were too preoccupied with their own wartime production to construct the locomotives, so this left only Great Britain as a manufacturing source if they were not to be built in Australia (although perhaps with some of the material to be obtained from the U.S.A). The problem of British construction was twofold; Britain was at the height of its war effort and it was unrealistic to think that the British could embark on the construction of 127 (as was originally planned) large locomotives when their own munitions industries were pressed to the limit and their ships desperately needed for military transport and supply tasks. The other problem was that the ships involved and their cargoes would have risked being lost to enemy action during the long voyage. The British were alive to these problems and Ellis was advised that priority, if any, could be allocated only following a firm order to Britain. If a high priority were then obtained and if a co-operative scheme could be established Australia could probably expect to receive three units per week with the first deliveries to be made six months after order.
One further possibility was for the end-user to build the locomotives themselves under licence from Beyer-Peacock & Co. Ltd. in which case (at that time) a licence fee would have been payable. Enquiries of the WAGR in late 1922 had revealed that Beyer-Peacock & Co. Ltd. had requested £850 per unit as a licence fee for the Garratts the WAGR had at that time been planning to build itself.
Up until 1927, the only lawful manner of obtaining a Garratt was to either have Beyer-Peacock & Co. Ltd. build it or, as was sometimes the case when that firm had sufficient work in hand, a company might be licensed by it to do the work upon payment of a fee. After 1927, however, the global monopoly of Beyer-Peacock & Co. Ltd. had expired and, as Garratt's patent came to an end, it was a different game. Anyone obtaining a set of Garratt plans could simply build more of them whenever they wished. Hence it would have been possible for the QGR or any entity to build its own Garratts if it so desired or privately if the railway or entity could obtain the plans and adapt them accordingly. Common sense dictates though that it would be wise to use the established experience of Beyer-Peacock & Co. Ltd. to either draw a set of plans specifically for the end-user and to construct at least some of the locomotives in Manchester or to have that company superintend construction at the end-user's facility.
So it was that QGR found itself pressed by the CLTB to provide the workshop capacity to construct the locomotives, while struggling to maintain its own war-worn fleet. Although QGR had agitated unceasingly for adoption of its B18 and C17 classes for the motive-power expansion, Ellis' report neglects to mention the fact that the plans, jigs and patterns for these were immediately available and delivery of them could have been commenced immediately subject only to the availability of material. The C17 could run on the WAGR and the TGR, and as the NM Class had already run on the Commonwealth Railways.
It seems, therefore, simply common sense that at least one QGR officer should have been included in the team of designers of the ASG although, incredibly, not a single one was involved. Special appeals were made by the CLTB to the QGR to obtain representation so that the locomotive practices of the QGR would be known in designing the ASG and with the benefit that at least some QGR staff would become familiar with the locomotive (after all, the QGR was to get ten of the thirty to be built). The appeals were to no avail; QGR stated emphatically that no assistance could be given, and in view of the then state of locomotive maintenance in Queensland, Mills felt that little could be done to combat it's attitude.
The SAR resisted Commonwealth requests to defer a programme of locomotive construction but eventually agreed to assemble twelve ASGs although it refused to make officers available to assist with the design work. The NSWGR could not undertake assembly work, because its workshops were equipped for only maintenance and new workshops built for locomotive construction were making munitions. They did agree though, that their locomotives then being built by the Clyde Engineering Co Ltd. could be deferred in favour of that company assembling ASGs, and promised staff to carry out inspections of construction. The TGR, claimed Mills, also agreed to defer its locomotive construction programme and the VR and WAGR agreed likewise and further, offered their workshops as assembly places. Thus assembly was to take place at four locations: Midland Junction (Western Australia), Islington (South Australia), Newport (Victoria), and Clyde Engineering Co. Ltd. (New South Wales).
As a consequence Mills surrounded himself with twelve design staff from the various systems as follows: NSWGR - 6, VR – 4, WAGR – 1, and TGR - 1. The VR provided premises in Melbourne for the drawing office and lent other officers to assist the ASG programme in other ways. The absurdity had been reached though, that most of the designers were to come from the States that were not going to be allocated any ASGs and whose systems were wider-gauge.
The first ASGs eventually commenced service with QGR, with a VR locomotive inspector provided to assist the Queensland enginemen. They were considered by both QGR and its enginemen to be deficient in many respects — and later, perhaps even unsafe due to their unflanged leading driving wheels — and met with great resistance. Mills’ intransigence to criticism did not place him in a good light following an eventual Royal Commission into the ASG and also meant that modifications that may have resulted in their successful operation were delayed or refused and the locomotives were finally withdrawn to become monuments to human folly of various categories; but perhaps mostly hubris.
In his comprehensive historical work (see ref. 4 below) Alan Whiting has a final, erudite word on the conception and development of the ASG. He states of the development and construction of the ASG, "The reality was, despite the QRG's lethargy, whether justifiable or not, there is no excuse for the Commonwealth through the agency of Clapp and Mills, visiting upon the QGR and its military users what stands out as a disaster unprecedented in the history of locomotive engineering in Australia."
Locomotive Designs.
From his appointment as Locomotive Design Draftsman in 1926 a new era of locomotive design for the WAGR began. Designs introduced by Mills over his career include:

</doc>
<doc id="20871748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871748" title="Gare de Versailles-Chantiers">
Gare de Versailles-Chantiers

Versailles - Chantiers is the principal railway station serving the city of Versailles. It provides national service on the Paris–Brest railway line, as well as regional, and commuter (Paris) rail service.

</doc>
<doc id="20871749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871749" title="Mahala Rai Banda">
Mahala Rai Banda

Mahala Rai Banda is a gypsy band based in Bucharest (Romania). It was formed by violinist and composer Aurel Ionitsa, who originally comes from a family of lautari from the village of Clejani. He is related to several members of Taraf de Haïdouks.
The band plays with an array of styles and genres. Romanian violins & accordions are combined with a brass section consisting of army brass band veterans and musicians from Romania's famous village Zece Prajini – hometown of Fanfare Ciocarlia and a rocking rhythm section. They effortlessly combine a knack for inventive arrangements with an ability to turn every single concert into a wild party.
Their music is positioned right at the crossroads between traditional popular music and club-oriented, so called Balkan Beats. This rich blend of sophisticated arrangements, traditional elements and modern outlook puts them in a unique position among all the current bands.
The Debut Album.
Mahala Rai Banda's self-titled debut album was recorded in 2004 in Bucharest, Romania.
Additional production and mix were carried out by Shantel and Marcus Darius in Frankfurt, Germany. 
The mix was done in collaboration with Ionita Aurel (who is the band's leader) and Stéphane Karo.
The album was released on Crammed Discs in early 2005.
The Second Album.
Mahala Rai Banda's second album “Ghetto Blasters” was recorded in 2009 in Berlin, Germany and Bucharest, Romania. The album was produced, recorded and mixed by Henry Ernst and Marc Elsner (former productions Fanfare Ciocarlia, Jony Iliev). The album was released on Asphalt Tango Records, in October 2009.
The album climbed to position 2 in the World Music Charts Europe and was voted amongst the top ten "Best Albums Of The Year 2009" by UK's popular music magazine Songlines.
Achievements.
Ever since the release of their debut album, Mahala Rai Banda's reputation has kept growing all around the world:
- The band has played around 200 concerts in 26 countries, and appeared at major festivals and prestigious clubs and concert halls 
- Their song "Mahalageasca" (both in its original version and in the shape of the rework made by Shantel) has appeared in successful US feature film Borat, and in several other films and advertising campaigns.
- The album climbed to Nr 3 in the World Music Charts Europe 
- Mahala Raï Banda have had their tracks remixed and/or reworked by prestigious electronic music producers and artists such as Nouvelle Vague, Felix B (from Basement Jaxx), Balkan Beat Box, DJ Click, Russ Jones, Shantel and more. Most of these reworks appeared as part of the Electric Gypsyland albums.
- Mahala Raï Banda tracks have appeared on international compilations such as Buddha Bar (France), Bucovina Club (Germany), Balkan Bangers and Gypsy Beats (UK), Balearic Bisquits (Denmark), Balkanology (South Africa), Rough Guide to Eastern Europe (UK), Rromanu Suno (Serbia), Balkan Beats (Germany) Barrio Latino (France), Bar Gypsy (USA) and more, as well as in the soundtrack album of the "Borat" movie.
- Mahala Rai Banda is part of THE GYPSY QUEENS AND KINGS since 2009.
-Mahalageasca is on LittleBigPlanet 2

</doc>
<doc id="20871763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871763" title="Anthropization">
Anthropization

In geography and ecology, anthropization is the conversion of open spaces, landscapes, and natural environments by human action.
Description.
Anthropic erosion is the process of human action degrading terrain and soil.
An area may be classified as anthropized even though it looks natural, such as grasslands that have been deforested by humans. It can be difficult to determine how much a site has been anthropized in the case of urbanization because one must be able to estimate the state of the landscape before significant human action.

</doc>
<doc id="20871790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871790" title="Saint-Martin-d'Étampes (Paris RER)">
Saint-Martin-d'Étampes (Paris RER)

Saint-Martin d'Étampes is a railway station located in Étampes, Essonne, Paris, France. The station was opened in 1970 and is located on the Étampes–Beaune-la-Rolande railway. The station is served by Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER. The train services are operated by SNCF.
The line beyond the station was closed in 1969. The RER service was launched here in 1979. It was necessary to build this station, as trains couldn't terminate at Étampes without causing disruption to the Paris–Bordeaux railway.
Train services.
The following services serve the station:

</doc>
<doc id="20871814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871814" title="19-Norandrostenedione">
19-Norandrostenedione

19-Norandrostenedione (4-estrene-3,17-dione, NOR) is a precursor of the anabolic steroid nandrolone. Until 2005 19-Norandrostenedione was available without prescription in United States, where it was marketed as a prohormone, but it is now classified as a Schedule III drug. It is also banned from use in many sports, including the Olympic Games, under the World Anti-Doping Code. 19-Norandrostenedione is readily metabolized to nandrolone after oral administration, but its potency to transactivate the androgen receptor dependent reporter gene expression is 10 times lower as compared to dihydrotestosterone (DHT).
Scientific studies have shown that oral administration of 19-norandrostenedione is "a very ineffective strategy for stimulating skeletal muscle mass increases but may be associated with side effects".
"In vivo" experiments in castrated rats demonstrated that subcutaneous treatment with 19-norandrostenedione resulted only in a stimulation of the weight of the levator ani muscle, while the prostate and seminal vesicle weights remained completely unaffected. In contrast to its metabolite nandrolone, 19-norandrostenedione highly selectively stimulates the growth of the skeletal muscles but has only weak androgenic properties.
In the early 2000s, contamination of androstenedione products with traces of 19-norandrostenedione caused false positives for doping tests for nandrolone because 19-norandrosterone is a metabolite of both nandrolone and 19-norandrostenedione. In a randomized controlled trial trace contamination of androstenedione with 19-norandrostenedione was sufficient for users of androstendione to test positive for nandrolone. This detail became less relevant after 19-norandrostenedione and androstenedione were banned by major sporting bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="20871818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871818" title="Bryan Bayda">
Bryan Bayda

Bryan Bayda, C.Ss.R. (b. August 21, 1961, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is the bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saskatoon. Bayda was born in Saskatoon on August 21, 1961. Upon completing high school at St. Vladimir’s College Minor Seminary in Roblin, Manitoba, he pursued studies at the University of St. Michael’s College in Toronto, where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in philosophy in 1982 and a Master of Divinity in 1987. Further studies included a Bachelor of Education from the University of Manitoba in 1990 and a Diploma in Eastern Christian theology from the Sheptytsky Institute in Ottawa in 1997. Pope Benedict XVI appointed Bayda as the Catholic Ukrainian Eparchial Bishop of Saskatoon on May 2, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20871827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871827" title="Dourdan-la-Forêt (Paris RER)">
Dourdan-la-Forêt (Paris RER)

Dourdan-la-Forêt is a train station in Dourdan near Paris. It is served by Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER.

</doc>
<doc id="20871842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871842" title="Uncle Jasper's Will">
Uncle Jasper's Will

"Uncle Jasper's Will (also released as Jasper Landry's Will") is a 1922 race film directed, produced and written by Oscar Micheaux. The film is a drama about the contents of a last will and testament left behind by an African American sharecropper who was lynched after being falsely accused of the murder of a white plantation owner. The film was intended as a sequel to Micheaux’s landmark feature "Within Our Gates".
No print of the film is known to exist and it is considered a lost film.

</doc>
<doc id="20871857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871857" title="UfoCom">
UfoCom

The UFOCOM or Belorussian UFOlogical COMmunity (previous and inner-used - Ufological Committee of Belarus) is a non-commercial, non-government, non-registered public organization in Belarus. Founded in 2001, in Gorky, Belarus, as a group of enthusiasts, mostly students of Gorky state University, studiing paranormal phenomena in local area. Later, group developed into a state-wide networked community of volunteers, performing both local and state-wide field, monitoring and analytical research projects.
Kosmopoisk relations.
Since 2005 UfoCom acts as a part of Kosmopoisk international movement, serving as officially non-registered office and public nod of all-CIS network of anomalistic/UFO researches. All-Belorussian annual field meetings are hold jointly by Kosmopoisk and UfoCom in most notable and attractive from researcher point of view places state-wide. Coordinator of UfoCom also serves as a coordinator for Belorussian regional branch of Kosmopoisk Unity(Kosmopoisk-Belorus). Since 2006 UfoCom coordinator is Ilya Butov.
Orthodox Church relations.
In 2005 UfoCom was included into the list of destructive religious organizations of Belarus due to a series of Church-unfriendly articles, published by UfoCom's previous leader, Ruslan Linnik. Problem was eventually solved with Linnik withdrawal from Ufocom activities in 2006
Structure.
UfoCom consist of a number of local groups in large cities of Belarus - most active in Minsk and Brest, also in Vitebsk, Gorki and some others - together with a number of individual members and corresponding
members from Belarus and foreign countries. In addition exists a special urban explorers team called 'Diggers of Brest'(performs researches of underground like Brest Fortress and abandoned ancient and Soviet-era fortification installations), and an archaeological team called 'Artefact'. UfoCom focuses on studying various anomalous phenomena (UFOs, crop-circles, poltergeist), meteorite impact sites, civilian, military and religious historical sites. Researches are being hold in close cooperation with Belorussian national Academy of sciences and its facilities. 
Co-operation and partnership.
Joint research activities.
UfoCom widely participates and supports in Belarus various networked(mostly Kosmopoisk-based) initiatives
Awards.
Since 2005, a number of UfoCom members and implemented activities were nominated for Kosmopoisk annual award. 
In 2007, two UfoCom volunteers were awarded diplomas from March for Parks, hold by Biodiversity Conservation center, Russia, international environmental programme(first time in history of post-USSR members of ufological communities received award for nature protection actitities)
Media coverage.
UfoCom collects and makes available for researches a library of various literature devoted to anomalous phenomena, including rare items. 
For promoting researches and their results, a periodical newspaper 'Anatomy of Phenomena' is published on a non-commercial basis.
Online activities.
Web-site http://ufo-com.net (in Russian)

</doc>
<doc id="20871860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871860" title="Michel Roche">
Michel Roche

Michel Roche (8 September 1939 – 11 June 2004) was an equestrian from France and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the French team at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20871871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871871" title="Ingeniero Jacobacci">
Ingeniero Jacobacci


</doc>
<doc id="20871896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871896" title="Marc Roguet">
Marc Roguet

Marc Roguet (born 29 March 1933) is an equestrian from France and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in show jumping with the French team at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20871911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871911" title="Gare de Montigny – Beauchamp">
Gare de Montigny – Beauchamp

Montigny - Beauchamp is a station between Montigny-lès-Cormeilles and Beauchamp, in the northwestern suburbs of Paris. It is served by Transilien regional trains from Paris to Pontoise, and by RER rapid transit.

</doc>
<doc id="20871919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871919" title="Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire Central by-election, 1919">
Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire Central by-election, 1919

The Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire Central by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Aberdeenshire and Kincardineshire Central on 16 April 1919.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the Coalition Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) Alexander Theodore Gordon died on 6 March 1919 aged just 37, from heart failure after suffering from influenza. He had held the seat only since the 1918 general election. 
Political background.
According to reports in "The Times", popular opinion was swinging against the coalition government of David Lloyd George and Andrew Bonar Law and the Independent, Asquithian Liberals were making the most of the government's popularity to revive.
Candidates.
Coalition.
The Liberal candidate at the 1918 general election, John McDonald Henderson, who had been Liberal MP for West Aberdeenshire since 1906 had only lost to Gordon by the narrow margin of 638 votes. Henderson had been expected to be the Liberals' by-election candidate. In fact, because of Henderson's strong showing at the general election and the traditional strength of the Liberal Party in the area, the Coalition whips were apparently prepared to endorse him for the by-election, giving him the equivalent of coalition coupon which had been offered to authorised candidates at the 1918 general election. Henderson, no doubt eager to return to Parliament, and fully supported by the local Liberal Association, had reportedly made his peace with Freddie Guest, Lloyd George's Chief Whip. However the local Conservatives were not happy with this arrangement and decided to stand their own candidate, Mr L F W Davidson. This situation proved depressing for the Coalition leaders and no 'coupon' was forthcoming for either Henderson or Davidson by the time the by-election writ was moved on 24 March.
Liberal.
Henderson further muddied the waters by standing down as Liberal candidate and the local Association turned instead to Major Murdoch McKenzie Wood, a barrister and former Gordon Highlander, who had unsuccessfully fought Ayr Burghs at the 1918 general election. By the time the by-election campaigning was properly under way, the 'coupon', such as it was, had presumably been bestowed on Davidson as he was described in the election literature and the press as the Coalition Unionist or Coalition Conservative candidate.
Labour.
The contest was a three-cornered affair, with Joseph F. Duncan, the general secretary of the Scottish Farm Servants' Union, fighting the seat for Labour.
The popularity of the Coalition.
Duncan's candidacy was expected to complicate the possible outcome of the election by splitting the anti-Coalition vote. In the event, this turned out to be the case but not by quite enough to deliver the seat to the Coalition candidate and Wood was returned to Parliament with a majority of 186 over Davidson. However the combined Liberal and Labour vote amounted to 63.9% of the poll and was clearly a severe blow to the Coalition, coming so soon after their overwhelming success in the 1918 general election and hard on the heels of other by-election defeats in Hull and Leyton West. As was pointed out in The Times, no Coalition seat could be considered safe given the temper of the electorate at the time and the Coalition coupon which had been a talisman for candidates a few short weeks before was turning into a curse.

</doc>
<doc id="20871939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871939" title="Princess Adelgunde of Bavaria (1870–1958)">
Princess Adelgunde of Bavaria (1870–1958)

Princess Adelgunde of Bavaria (Full German name: "Adelgunde Marie Auguste Therese Prinzessin von Bayern") (17 October 1870, Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria – 4 January 1958, Sigmaringen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was a Princess of Bavaria by birth and Princess of Hohenzollern through her marriage to William, Prince of Hohenzollern. Adelgunde was the second eldest child of Ludwig III of Bavaria and his wife Maria Theresia of Austria-Este.
Marriage.
Adelgunde married Prince Wilhelm of Hohenzollern, eldest son of Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern and Infanta Antónia of Portugal, on 20 January 1915 in Munich, Bavaria, Germany. Adelgunde and William had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="20871945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871945" title="2009 Oakland Raiders season">
2009 Oakland Raiders season

The 2009 Oakland Raiders season is the 50th season for the original American Football League team, and its 40th in the NFL. On September 6, 2009, The Raiders traded a 2011 draft pick to the New England Patriots for 5x Pro Bowl Defensive Lineman Richard Seymour. With their loss to Dallas on November 26, 2009, The Raiders sealed their seventh consecutive losing season. After beating the Pittsburgh Steelers on December 6, 2009, the Raiders moved to 4–0 when playing Pittsburgh the year they won the Super Bowl, or are the defending Champions, winning in 1974, 1980, 2006, and now 2009.
Local TV Blackouts.
In 2009, once again the Raiders struggled to sell tickets, resulting in 7 of their 8 home games being blacked out on local television. The Raiders were able to sell out their season opener, on Monday Night Football against the Chargers, thanks to a deadline extension from the NFL. But, the remainder of their home games were not shown on local television, because the games didn't sell out. The Raiders finished the season tied with the Jacksonville Jaguars for most TV blackouts in 2009. But, blackouts are nothing new to Oakland fans, as the Raiders have sold out only 25 of 88 regular season games, since returning to Oakland. The Raiders had 3 games with attendances under 40,000, with their lowest attendance coming in week 11 against the Bengals when they drew only 34,112.
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. San Diego Chargers.
The Raiders began their season with a Week 1 AFL Legacy duel against their AFC West rival, the San Diego Chargers, in the second game of an MNF doubleheader. In the first quarter, Oakland got off to a surprising good start. While the defense (led by newly acquired defensive lineman Richard Seymour) kept the Chargers offense in control, the Raiders offense struck first with running back Michael Bush getting a 4-yard touchdown run. San Diego would respond in the second quarter as running back LaDainian Tomlinson got a 1-yard touchdown run. Oakland would answer with what looked like a 19-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Louis Murphy, but was overturned as he was unable to get full control of the ball. The Raiders would have to settle with kicker Sebastian Janikowski making a 37-yard field goal, while the Chargers closed out the half with kicker Nate Kaeding getting a 47-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, Oakland regained the lead as Janikowski nailed a 35-yard field goal, but San Diego answered with quarterback Philip Rivers completing a 15-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson. Afterwards, the Raiders got the lead again as quarterback JaMarcus Russell completed a 57-yard touchdown pass to Murphy. However, the Chargers came right back as running back Darren Sproles got a 5-yard touchdown run. Oakland tried to rally, but an interception ended all hopes of a comeback.
With the tough loss, the Raiders began their season at 0–1.
Week 2: at Kansas City Chiefs.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Chargers, the Raiders flew to Arrowhead Stadium for a Week 2 AFC West duel with the Kansas City Chiefs. Oakland would trail in the first quarter as Chiefs kicker Ryan Succop got a 23-yard field goal. The Raiders would tie the game in the second quarter as kicker Sebastian Janikowski got a 48-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Oakland took the lead as Janikowski nailed a 54-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Kansas City took the lead as quarterback Matt Cassel completed a 29-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Dwayne Bowe. Afterwards, Oakland claimed victory as running back Darren McFadden got the game-winning 5-yard touchdown run.
With the win, the Raiders improved to 1–1.
Week 3: vs. Denver Broncos.
Coming off their divisional road win over the Chiefs, the Raiders went home for a Week 3 AFC West duel with the Denver Broncos. Oakland would trail in the first quarter as Broncos quarterback Kyle Orton completed a 2-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Brandon Marshall, followed by kicker Matt Prater's 48-yard field goal. The Raiders would get on the board in the second quarter as kicker Sebastian Janikowski made a 48-yard field goal, yet Denver answered with Prater's 21-yard field goal. From here on out, the Broncos were in control as running back Knowshon Moreno got a 7-yard touchdown run in the third quarter and Prater nailed a 24-yard field goal in the fourth quarter.
With the loss, Oakland fell to 1–2.
Week 4: at Houston Texans.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional home loss to the Broncos, the Raiders flew to Reliant Stadium for a Week 4 duel with the Houston Texans. Following a 26-yard field goal from Texans kicker Kris Brown, Oakland would answer with kicker Sebastian Janikowski's 46-yard field goal. However, Houston would take control in the second quarter. Following Brown's 34-yard field goal, running back Steve Slaton would get a 32-yard touchdown run and catch quarterback Matt Schaub's 18-yard touchdown pass. The Raiders would close out the half with Janikowski's 33-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the Texans would put Oakland out of their misery with linebacker Brian Cushing tackling running back Justin Fargas in his own end zone for a safety. Afterwards, Houston closed out the game's scoring with wide receiver Jacoby Jones returning the immediate kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown.
With the loss, Oakland fell to 1–3.
Week 5: at New York Giants.
Hoping to end a two-game losing streak, the Raiders flew to Giants Stadium for a Week 5 interconference duel with the New York Giants. Oakland immediately trailed in the opening period as Giants running back Ahmad Bradshaw got a 1-yard and a 19-yard touchdown run. Things continued to get worse for the Raiders in the second quarter as quarterback Eli Manning completed a 30-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Mario Manningham and hooked up with wide receiver Hakeem Nicks. Oakland would answer with a 5-yard touchdown run from running back Michael Bush, yet New York closed out the half with a 25-yard field goal by kicker Lawrence Tynes. For the second half, the Giants would stay in control as quarterback David Carr got a 12-yard touchdown run and Tynes would boot a 33-yard and a 37-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Raiders fell to 1–4.
Week 6: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
Trying to snap a three-game losing streak, the Raiders went home for a Week 6 interconference duel with the Philadelphia Eagles. In the first quarter, Philadelphia delivered the opening hit as kicker David Akers made a 45-yard field goal. The Raiders would answer with quarterback JaMarcus Russell's 86-yard touchdown pass to tight end Zach Miller. In the second quarter, both teams swapped field goals as Oakland's Sebastian Janikowski got a 29-yard field goal while Akers gave the Eagles a 43-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, the Raiders turned to Janikowski again in the fourth quarter as he booted a 46-yard field goal. Philadelphia tried to make a comeback, but Oakland would only allow a 45-yard field goal from Akers.
With the win, the Raiders improved to 2–4.
Week 7: vs. New York Jets.
Coming off their upset win over the Eagles, the Raiders stayed at home, donned their throwbacks, and played a Week 7 AFL Legacy game with the New York Jets. Oakland would trail early in the first quarter as early turnovers led to a 1-yard touchdown run Thomas Jones, followed by a 3-yard touchdown run by quarterback Mark Sanchez. The Raiders' season-long woes continued in the second quarter as New York running back Shonn Greene got an 8-yard touchdown run, followed by kicker Jay Feely booting a 39-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Jets would pull away as Sanchez completed a 35-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver David Clowney in the third quarter, followed by Greene's 33-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter.
With the shutout loss, Oakland fell to 2–5.
Week 8: at San Diego Chargers.
Hoping to rebound from their shutout home loss to the Jets, the Raiders flew to Qualcomm Stadium for a Week 8 AFC West rematch with the San Diego Chargers. Oakland would trail in the first quarter as Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson got a 6-yard touchdown run. The Raiders answered in the second quarter as running back Justin Fargas got a 5-yard touchdown run, but San Diego replied with quarterback Philip Rivers' 8-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson and Tomlinson's 10-yard touchdown run. Afterwards, Oakland would close out the half as kicker Sebastian Janikowski got a 48-yard field goal.
In the second quarter, the Raiders tried to rally as Janikowski nailed a 41-yard field goal in the third quarter and a 28-yard field goal in the fourth, but the Chargers pulled away with a 28-yard field goal from kicker Nate Kaeding.
With the loss, Oakland fell to 2–6 entering their bye week.
Week 10: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
Coming off their bye week, the Raiders went home, donned their throwbacks, and played a Week 10 AFL Legacy game with the Kansas City Chiefs. In the first quarter, Oakland struck first with a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Justin Fargas. The Chiefs would get on the boards via a 50-yard field goal from kicker Ryan Succop, yet the Raiders came right back with their own 50-yard field goal from kicker Sebastian Janikowski. However, Kansas City would take the lead in the second quarter with running back Jamaal Charles getting a 44-yard touchdown run and Succop booting a 25-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, the Chiefs would pull away as Succop nailed a 31-yard field goal.
With the loss, Oakland fell to 2–7.
Week 11: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
Trying to snap a three-game losing streak, the Raiders stayed at home for a Week 11 duel with the Cincinnati Bengals. Due to quarterback JaMarcus Russell's ineffectiveness, quarterback Bruce Gradkowski would get the start.
Oakland would trail in the first quarter as Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer got a 1-yard touchdown run. Cincinnati's lead would increase as Palmer got another 1-yard touchdown run, yet the Raiders would close out the half with Gradkowski completing a 10-yard touchdown pass to tight end Zach Miller.
In the third quarter, Oakland continued to rally as kicker Sebastian Janikowski got a 52-yard field goal. The Bengals would answer with kicker Shayne Graham nailing a 25-yard field goal. The Raiders would tie the game in the fourth quarter as Gradkowski found rookie wide receiver Louis Murphy on a 29-yard touchdown pass. Afterwards, after recovering a special team fumble from Cincinnati wide receiver Andre Caldwell, Oakland took advantage as Janikowski booted the game-winning 33-yard field goal.
With the win, the Raiders improved to 3–7.
Week 12: at Dallas Cowboys.
With the loss, the Raiders dropped to 3–8.
Week 13: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
With the win, the Raiders improved to 4–8.
Week 14: vs. Washington Redskins.
With the loss, the Raiders dropped to 4–9 securing them their 6th straight losing season.
Week 15: at Denver Broncos.
With the win, the Raiders improved to 5–9.
Week 16: at Cleveland Browns.
With the loss, the Raiders dropped to 5–10.
Week 17: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Statistically speaking, the Ravens' victory over the Raiders also allowed the dethroning of the defending world champion Pittsburgh Steelers, who will not see any playoff contention. Whatever the case, the Raiders ended their dismal season at 5–11.

</doc>
<doc id="20871956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871956" title="Minuscule 47">
Minuscule 47

Minuscule 47 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 515 (Von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 15th century. It has complex contents and some marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 554 leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 14-17 lines per page. The leaves are often dislocated. According to Scrivener it was written in "a vile hand".
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin (also in Latin), and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages.
It contains Prolegomena, Argumentum, lists of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, subscriptions at the end of each Gospels, with numbers of στιχοι (only in Mark).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents mixed text in Luke 1. In Luke 10 and Luke 20 it belongs to the textual family Family Kr.
In John 8:2-3 it reads και καθισας εδιδασκεν αυτους εν τισιν αντιγραφαις οθτως αγουσι δε οι γραμματεις.
In John 8:6 it has textual reading και προσποιουμενος.
History.
The manuscript was written by a scribe Joannes Serbopoulos (or Zerbopoulos) along with manuscripts minuscule 56 and minuscule 58. It was used in Walton's Polyglotte (as Bodl .1). It was examined by Mill (as Bodl. 6).
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by J. J. Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.
It is currently housed in at the Bodleian Library (Auct. D. 5. 2), at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20871967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871967" title="Commonly misspelled English words">
Commonly misspelled English words

Commonly misspelled English words (UK: misspelt words) are words that are often unintentionally misspelled in general writing.
A selected list of common words is presented below, under "Documented list of common misspellings".
Although the word "common" is subjective depending on the situation, the focus is on general writing, rather than in a specific field. Official spellings also vary by country or region, with some rejecting the American or British variants as incorrect for the region.
Within a particular field of study, such as computer graphics, other words might be more common for misspelling, such as "pixel" misspelled as "pixle" (or variants "cesium" and "caesium"). Sometimes words are purposely misspelled, as a form in slang, abbreviations, or in song lyrics, etc.
In general writing, some words are frequently misspelled, such as the incorrect spelling "concensus" for "consensus"
found in numerous webpages on the Internet. Other common misspellings include "equiptment" (for "equipment"),
"independant" (for "independent"),
"readible" (for "readable"),
or "usible" (for "usable/useable").
Unlimited misspellings.
Because many words can be extended with prefixes (such as "un-" or "anti-" or "re-") or suffixes (such as "-ly" or "-ing" or "-ness"), a comprehensive list of words prone to misspelling would contain thousands of variations from combining prefixes or suffixes (or both) added to the root words. To limit the scope to common words, the top 350 words are considered (according to various sources).
Documented list of common misspellings.
The following list, of about 350 words, is based on documented lists of the top 100, 200, or 400 most commonly misspelled words, rather than listing every conceivable misspelled word. Each word is followed by examples of misspellings:
Common causes of those misspellings.
Mispronunciation.
Mispronunciation is known to be one of the most common causes of misspelling.
Hence, phonetic misspelling is common, once a word is mispronounced; for example, the word "realize" is misspelled as "relize".
Typing errors.
Some spelling errors are introduced because people's typing is not perfect, such as
Some of the errors listed may be due to mistyping rather than ignorance, for example "solider" for "soldier".
These misspellings rarely happen in handwritten text.
Homophones.
Two (or more) differently spelt words with different meanings may be homophones, with the same pronunciation; e.g., right, rite, wright, and write; read (most tenses of verb) and reed; read (past, past participle) and red. This list includes only a few homophones although incorrect use of homophones is a very common error; the following words from the list are all good English words, though often incorrectly used in place of their homophones: advice, affect, artic (colloquial UK usage for "articulated lorry"), aweful, breath, calender, capital, dose, its, lightening, loose, loosing, planing, principal, rime, solider, stoping, they're, wether and you're. Spelling checkers do not detect incorrect use of homophones.
Personal names.
Personal names and surnames may be pronounced like a standard English word, but with different spelling: "balance" and "John Ballance"; "war" and "Evelyn Waugh"; "marshal" and "George Marshall". Personal names do of course generally start with a capital letter.
Foreign writers.
A misspelling in English might be made by someone used to a different spelling in another language; for example, "address" is translated "adresse" in French and German. Many Spanish words are similar or identical to English words, but with an "n" inserted, or replacing an "m", leading to errors: "inmigrant" from "inmigrante", "cementery" from "cementerio", "confortable". The English word 'loose' reasonably looks like it should be pronounced as 'lose' to Germans, as in German the lone 's' often has the sound of an English 'z', and a lone 'o' in English very seldom has the 'oo' sound.
Apostrophes.
There can be confusion over a plural possessive form. If the singular is "book's title" and the plural "books' titles", the latter can appear as "book's", or even "books's". The plural can be written with an erroneous apostrophe ("grocer's apostrophe" in Britain): "apple's and pear's". Elision can lead to misspelling: "doesn't", where the apostrophe represents the elided "o", can be misspelled "does'nt".

</doc>
<doc id="20871985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871985" title="Law on the state education">
Law on the state education

The Law on Public Education () is a provincial law of Quebec which legislates the Québécois public education system. It is under the responsibility of the Minister of Education of Quebec.
The legislation originated in 1801. The current law was adopted in 1988, resulting from the modernization of several old school laws adopted in 1829, 1867, and 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20871995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871995" title="Capricorn Cougars FC">
Capricorn Cougars FC

Capricorn Cougars are an Australian soccer club from Rockhampton, Queensland who play in the Queensland State League.
History.
The Capricorn Cougars were one of ten foundation teams in the QSL formed in 2008.
In 2008 the Capricorn Cougars coach was Justin Kilshaw. He resigned after round 4 after conflict occurred between the coaches objectives and outcomes for the team, in comparison to the Boards requirements on player selections for the team.
The current coach is Bradley Smith, who is a locally grown coach with great knowledge of the region. He had previously been Assistant Coach to Kilshaw in 2008 and was quickly appointed Head Coach after Kilshaw's resignation.
In 2008 Cougars player Michael Cay was selected in Soccer International's top 50 players in Australia outside the A-League.
Another player who has been successful at the Cougars is Tristan Fraser who was hand picked by Ian Ferguson, the coach of the new A-League team North Queensland Fury to attend a training session in Townsville prior to the 2009-2010 season.
Capricorn Cougars aim to provide the highest level of football possible for local talent throughout their district. However, due to the geographical distance between the major towns in Central Queensland; Rockhampton, Gladstone, Yeppoon, Emerald and Biloela the Cougars struggle to represent the zone as a whole with the majority of the squad being based in Rockhampton. The Capricorn Cougars coach Brad Smith has been quoted saying, "We are not going to beg players to play" hinting that those who want to play at the highest level available still have the opportunity but they must want to play and train and go through the trial process. The Capricorn Cougars have been criticised in the past for not offering to take in the best players from Gladstone and favouring Rockhampton based players in the past.
Current squad.
2012 Queensland State League Squad

</doc>
<doc id="20871996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20871996" title="2008–09 Ranji Trophy">
2008–09 Ranji Trophy

The season 2008–09 of the Ranji Trophy began on 4 November, and finished on 16 January with the final. 15 teams were divided in two groups. The 3 top teams of each group qualified to the playoffs, plus the two top teams of the plate league (Himachal Pradesh and Bengal).
Playoffs.
Four top teams of the plate group league qualified for the play offs.

</doc>
<doc id="20872003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872003" title="Jimmy Anderson (bullfighter)">
Jimmy Anderson (bullfighter)

Jimmy D. "Jungle" Anderson (September 6, 1953 – December 5, 2008) was an American bullfighter. 
Born in Fort Worth, Texas Anderson originally raced horses until he grew past the size of the average jockey. He later became a bullfighter and rodeo clown and took part in his first rodeo in 1975. He took part in several events including the Canadian Finals, the PRCA National Finals and PBR Finals. He retired after the 2001 finals. In April 2007 he was inducted into the Texas Rodeo Cowboy Hall of Fame.
Anderson's professional bullfighting career spanned 32 years, and he was described as one of the "original bullfighters" on the Professional Bull Riders tour.
Anderson died of heart disease on December 5, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20872006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872006" title="Palm Beach County Library System">
Palm Beach County Library System

The Palm Beach County Library System is the public library system of Palm Beach County, Florida. It has its headquarters in the Main Library located in West Palm Beach.
It was established in 1967 and serves Palm Beach County through the main library and 17 branch libraries. A bookmobile and library annex are also offered. The Palm Beach County Library System continues to grow through its involvement with library networks, the internet, and the web. The main branch is located just outside the city limits of West Palm Beach, Florida, the county seat. Unlike neighboring library systems in Broward and Miami-Dade counties, most municipalities in Palm Beach County continue to operate their own libraries, thus pushing most county system libraries to western suburban communities.
During the 2012 fiscal year (October 11 - September 12), the Library System circulated over 9 million items to over 555,000 cardholders and answered more than 2 million questions. The library also managed to welcome more than 194,785 children to over 7,100 special programs and train over 10,000 people on computer and Internet use.
Mission.
The Mission of the Palm Beach County Library System is to service to the public by providing the public with free access to library materials in a variety of formats, helping people of all ages find information which meets their diverse personal, educational, and professional needs. Encouraging children to develop a love of reading, learning, and libraries, as well as promoting community enrichment, economic vitality, and individual achievement through reading and lifelong learning are also prominently featured in the library's mission statement.
Services.
The Palm Beach County Library System provides a numerous services to area patrons. Adult Literacy Project provides those learning English as a second language with free, informal conversation sessions. Project members encourage community participation in the program, educational materials, sponsor tutor and student workshops and cultural events. 
The Palm Beach County Library System provides on and off-site story time service to local child centers, as well as workshops to assist teachers in storytelling technique. 
The library also offers Books-By-Mail, Deaf Resource Center, and Talking Books services to those in special populations.
Writer's LIVE!
The Writer's LIVE! series provides patrons access to best-selling authors. Talks are held at various Palm Beach County Library System branches, and have included writers such as Peter Abrahams, Mary Kay Andrews, Ted Bell, Cara Black, C.J. Box, James O. Born, Mary Jane Clark, Harlan Coben, Nancy J. Cohen, Tim Dorsey, Linda Fairstein, Steven Forman, Joy Fielding, Joanne Fluke, Meg Gardiner, Lisa Gardner, Tess Gerritsen, James Grippando, Andrew Gross, James W. Hall, Kim Harrison, Jilliane Hoffman, Michael Koryta, Ann Leary, Debbie Macomber, Joe Matthews, Brad Meltzer, David Morrell, Maryanne O'Hara, Daniel Palmer, Michael Palmer, Carly Phillips, Jodi Picoult, M.J. Rose, Lisa Scottoline, Karin Slaughter, Les Standiford, Elizabeth Stuckey-French, Adriana Trigiani, Lisa Unger, and Randy Wayne White.
Special Collections.
Since February 1, 2008 the Genealogical Society of Palm Beach County has operated out of The Palm Beach Library System's Main Branch. GSPBC collection includes over 13,000 books, hundreds of CDs, many microfiche and microfilm, a sizable surname file and a large periodical collection. Upgraded equipment exists on-premesis, and offer WiFi, Ancestry Library Edition, and several online databases.
Other special collections reside within the library's Main Branch, as well. The Main library contains an extensive business resource center to assist small business owners, job seekers, investors, and consumers with their research needs. The library's Government Research Service provides a full range of research, information, and document delivery services to government clients, staff, and elected officials in Palm Beach County. The GRS Collection includes legal documents, government serials, professional journals, and local and state collections. In addition, the Consumer Health Information Service offers quality health and medical information free-of-charge to residents of Palm Beach County. Since 1979, the Audubon Society of the Everglades (ASE) Library Committee selects the best of the new books published on birds and birding for the library collection. There is also a collection of informational and recreational books in Spanish, Creole, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese, and other foreign languages. The Main Library offers books and professional journals about library and information studies, as well.
Publications.
Happenings and Books and Bytes are published monthly and distributed free of charge by the Palm Beach County Library System. The publications lists events and programs taking place throughout the System's 16 branches. Users may also register for one of nearly twenty other available monthly newsletters on genres such as mystery, manga, graphic novels, romance, science fiction, non-fiction, and business. Titles include Drawn to Comics, Teen Scene, Books on the Air, and Book Sizzle.
Friends of the Library.
The Friends of the Palm Beach County Library System is a non-profit organization whose main goal is the promotion of enhanced library services. The Friends of the Palm Beach County Library support the Library by sponsoring programs, providing financial assistance for special events, advocating for library needs, and developing and expanding services and facilities not covered by the general budget. The Friends of the Library also provide $5,000 annually to the Ingrid A. Eckler Scholarship Fund to fund scholarships for library employees who are working towards Masters in Library Science degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="20872007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872007" title="Jean-Marcel Rozier">
Jean-Marcel Rozier

Jean-Marcel Rozier (born 22 March 1936) is an equestrian from France and Olympic champion. He also owns the renowned "Espace Rozier" equestrian center in Bois-le-Roi, Seine-et-Marne. He collaborated with the perfume company "Chez Marionnaud" to establish the "Team Marionnaud", a show jumping team that includes his own sons, Philippe and Thierry Rozier. Charlotte Casiraghi of Monaco's Princely Family also rode for this team from 2001-2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20872011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872011" title="USG People">
USG People

USG People N.V. is a Dutch-based recruitment and human resources company, headquartered in Almere. USG is Holland's second-largest employment company behind Randstad. The firm has a presence in thirteen countries in Central and Western Europe, operating temporary employment agencies and providing secondment and other HR services. USG People was formed by the 1997 merger of the companies Unique International and Goudsmit, and was known as United Services Group between 2001 and 2005. Listed on Euronext Amsterdam, the company is a constituent of the mid-cap AMX stock market index.
History.
The company in its current form was founded from the 1997 merger between the Benelux staffing firm Unique International B.V. and the publicly traded Goudsmit N.V., a holding company involved in various sectors including recruitment. The enlarged group changed its name to United Services Group N.V. in 2001.
In 2002 United Services Group acquired a controlling stake in the job agency Start Holding, which had been privatised by the Dutch government six years earlier. This was later expanded to full control. The deal gave USG an increased presence in countries such as Spain and Italy.
The company acquired smaller Belgian peer Solvus Resource Group for around €585 million in August 2005, after which it again changed its name to USG People N.V.
In late 2008 the company adopted a "poison pill" defence against potential acquisitors by issuing preference shares to a company foundation.
Operations.
The company operates around 1,350 branches across 10 European countries. The Dutch market remains the largest for the company, contributing nearly 40% of all revenues. Belgium and Luxembourg, France, Germany and Spain are the next largest regional divisions of the firm.
By far the company's largest business segment is general temporary work agencies, which operate under the unified "Start People" brand across all countries. USG also owns a number of specialist staffing agencies, recruiting into professions such as administration, finance, secretarial work and health care. Its professional division covers the recruitment and secondment of staff in skilled fields including engineering, telecommunications and IT, while the company also provides various other services in the field of customer services.

</doc>
<doc id="20872016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872016" title="VMware Horizon View">
VMware Horizon View

VMware View is a commercial desktop-virtualization product developed by VMware, Inc. Its first two releases (2.0.0 and 2.1.0) sold under the name VMware VDM, but with the 3.0.0 release in 2008
VMware Inc. changed the name to "VMware View".
VMware View provides remote desktop capabilities to users using VMware's virtualization technology. A client desktop operating-system - typically Microsoft Windows 7, Vista or XP - runs within a virtual environment on a server. The VMware View product has a number of components which are required to provide the virtual desktops, including:
Although the vSphere hypervisor is licensed per physical CPU socket, VMware View is licensed per concurrent desktop. The bundled hypervisor, vSphere for Desktops, is functionally equivalent to vSphere Enterprise Plus.
VMware View has two licensing options, Enterprise and Premier. Enterprise comes with vSphere for Desktops, vCenter Server, and View Manager, and has an MSRP of $150 per concurrent desktop. View Composer, Persona Management, vShield Endpoint, and ThinApp are included in the Premier edition at an MSRP of $250 per concurrent desktop.
In order to transport a view of the desktop to users, keyboard, video, mouse and other interactions travel over a LAN connection. VMware View supports both the Microsoft-developed RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) and the Teradici-licensed PCoIP (PC-over-IP) protocol.
Client connections to VMware View sessions are established by running a VMware View Client on a local host. Clients are supported for most versions of Windows, along with Mac OS X. Specific embedded clients are also supported for a large number of thin clients, for a list of supported clients refer to the VMware website. 
An open-source product called "VMware View Open Client" can connect from a Linux or Mac OS X desktop to remote Windows desktops managed by VMware View. The client uses rdesktop under the hood to connect to the host.
An HTML5 Client for VMware View is available to enable access to VMware View desktops directly from within any HTML5-compatible web browser such as Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer and Firefox (for Windows, Linux, Mac and Chrome OS devices, such as Chromebooks).
Ubuntu 12.10 can login to VMware View desktops directly from the login screen.

</doc>
<doc id="20872037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872037" title="Olympic Lottery Distributor">
Olympic Lottery Distributor

The Olympic Lottery Distributor was a non-departmental public body in the United Kingdom set up by Parliament to use money raised by the National Lottery to fund the London Olympic Games and Paralympic Games in 2012.
The OLD had £1,835m available to it during its lifetime and was to fund activities that:
The OLD had a close working relationship with other organisations dealing with the London 2012 Games including the Olympic Delivery Authority (ODA) and the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Parlaympic Games (LOCOG) and also with its sponsor department, the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS).
The OLD comprised a Board with six members, chaired by Rt Hon. 
Dame Janet Paraskeva DBE, supported by a small team of staff headed by the Chief Executive, Ian Brack. 
The Olympic Lottery Distributor was dissolved on 31 March 2013 by statutory instrument. Its property, rights and liabilities were transferred to the DCMS.

</doc>
<doc id="20872076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872076" title="Stern Value Management">
Stern Value Management

The firm also has a sister company called Stern Solutions Capital Partners, SSCP, based in Singapore, which is a transactional advisor, corporate financier and funding partner. Stern Solutions Capital Partners acts as an advisor on corporate transactions and takes equity stakes in most of the firms that it assists.
Consulting.
Stern Value Management, known for helping companies implement its Economic Value Added framework, advises companies using a value-add lens in a variety of areas, including value management, value strategy and value creation. The name change to Stern Value Management was brought forward to reflect the new developments in the company’s technologies, which include integrating a fully operationalized EVA® Management System. The company focuses its activities on assisting clients with improving operating performance and achieving value maximization through operations, financial policy, strategy, corporate governance and executive remuneration.
Research.
Stern Value Management encourages its consultants to contribute to the professional literature. The company started the "Journal of Applied Corporate Finance", which was acquired by Morgan Stanley in 2004.
Industry Focus.
Stern Value Management has implemented its Economic Value Added methodology in over 860 companies globally in all industries; ranging from banking to resource companies and industrial concerns to services businesses in all geographies. The firm believes the technology is applicable to all businesses and the secret lies in customizing the metric to suit the particular organization's culture and strategic drivers. The firm has published numerous books on the subject.
Stern Solutions Capital Partners, however, focuses on five key industries namely (i) energy - specifically alternative, cleaner energy sources (ii) resource technologies - rather than investing in the mineral resources itself it prefers new methods of mining and upgrading those resources (iii) financial services - including insurance and banking for the developing markets (iv) logistics and warehousing - areas that promote free trade in underserviced areas and (v) consumer products such as non-alcoholic beverages.

</doc>
<doc id="20872080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872080" title="Kiss (magazine)">
Kiss (magazine)


</doc>
<doc id="20872083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872083" title="2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship">
2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was held in Switzerland from 13 to 24 July 2004. Players born after 1 January 1985 can participate in this competition. The tournament was won by Spain, who beat Turkey in the final. It also served as the European qualification for the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Qualifications.
There were two separate rounds of qualifications held before the Final Tournament.
1. 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship first qualifying round
2. 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship second qualifying round
Teams.
The eight teams that participated in the final tournament were:
Match officials.
Six referees were selected for the tournament:
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The six best performing teams qualified for the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship, along with host .

</doc>
<doc id="20872098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872098" title="List of Chief Mechanical Engineers of the Western Australian Government Railways">
List of Chief Mechanical Engineers of the Western Australian Government Railways

Chief Mechanical Engineers of the Western Australian Government Railways
References.
Bertola, P.; Oliver, B. [Eds.] (2006). The Workshops: A History of the Midland Government Railway Workshops. Perth: University of Western Australia Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20872132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872132" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 372">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 372

United Nations Security Council Resolution 372, adopted unanimously on August 18, 1975, after examining the application of the Republic of Cape Verde for membership in the United Nations, the Council recommended to the General Assembly that the Republic of Cape Verde be admitted.

</doc>
<doc id="20872140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872140" title="Chris Matthews (musician)">
Chris Matthews (musician)

Chris Matthews is a New Zealand rock musician. He has been a member of numerous bands, notably Children's Hour, This Kind of Punishment and The Headless Chickens for whom he was guitarist and lead vocalist, as well as writer or co-writer of many of their songs. Among these was the 1991 single "Cruise Control", co-written by Matthews and Michael Lawry, which was voted by APRA's members as the 76th greatest New Zealand song of all time.
In 2008, he formed Chris Matthews and Robot Monkey Orchestra and released the album "The Map of love", a cycle of songs based on the poems of Dylan Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="20872150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872150" title="Akbugdaý District">
Akbugdaý District

Akbugdaý District is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan. It was formerly known as Gäwers District.

</doc>
<doc id="20872161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872161" title="Wanda Wiecha">
Wanda Wiecha

Wanda Wiecha (later "Wanot", born May 14, 1946) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Dillingen an der Donau, Germany.
In 1968 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20872164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872164" title="Laurent Bénézech">
Laurent Bénézech

Laurent Bénézech (born Pamiers, 19 December 1966) is a former French rugby union footballer. He played as a prop.
Benezech played first at Sporting Club Appaméen, until 1985. He moved then to Stade Toulousain, where he would stay until 1989, moving to Racing Club de France, that he represented for seven years. He spent a season at Harlequins, in England, returning to play for RC Narbonne, where he would finish his career in 2000. He won the title of French Champion with Racing Club de France, in 1990.
He had 15 caps for France, from 1994 to 1995, without ever scoring. He played at the Five Nations in 1994 and 1995. He was also selected for the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, playing a single game in the 54–18 win over Côte d'Ivoire.
Benezech after ending his player career become a sports consultant. He also published a book, "Anatomie d'Une Partie de Rugby" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20872179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872179" title="Oh Lonesome Me (album)">
Oh Lonesome Me (album)

Oh Lonesome Me is the name of a country music album by singer Don Gibson, released in 1958. It is an example of the beginning of the Nashville Sound.
The title song reached the Top 10 and also topped the country chart. Its B-side was "I Can't Stop Loving You" which became a standard song for unrequited love.
The title song has been covered many times, most notably by Neil Young as part of the 1970 LP, "After the Goldrush". M. Ward and Lucinda Williams performed it in 2009 for "Hold Time".

</doc>
<doc id="20872182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872182" title="Chris Richardson (basketball)">
Chris Richardson (basketball)

Chris "Flash" Richardson (b. Corpus Christi, Texas in 1980, died December 10, 2008) was an American basketball player and a member of the Harlem Globetrotters. He died in Japan during the team's tour, reportedly of natural causes. The Harlem Globetrotters were at a U.S. military base in Sasebo, Japan, as part of an annual holiday tour. 
Chris Richardson, 6-foot-7-inch, made Las Vegas, NV his home when he began playing college basketball at UNLV with the UNLV Rebels in 1998. Shortly after his college career ended, he joined the Harlem Globetrotters. Richardson was known for his dunking skills and a genial disposition. Sports Illustrated featured Chris in their November 9, 1998 issue after he won the slam dunk competition as a freshman at the UNLV Fan Jam. As a senior in college, Richardson participated in the 14th Annual Slam Dunk and Three-point Championships held in Atlanta, GA on March 28, 2002. While on tour with the Harlem Globetrotters in October 2008, just before "Flash" passed, he shattered a backboard while dunking in Hermosilla, Mexico. Christopher LaMark Richardson was active in charity work and contributed to organizations such as the Make-A-Wish Foundation, Boys & Girls Clubs, as well as adoption agencies. Besides being active in charity, he was a "father figure" to his two younger brothers, Christen and Chandler, a "daddy" to his daughter, Jazlyn, and a mentor to many.

</doc>
<doc id="20872189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872189" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 51 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 51 (2008)

Ballot Measure 51 was an Legislatively referred constitutional amendment ballot measure for the May 20, 2008 primary election ballot in the state of Oregon. The measure amended the Oregon Constitution and was passed by the voters
Background.
The measure amended the Oregon Constitution providing crime victims an effective processes for enforcing remedy by due course of law for violations of the constitutional rights in criminal prosecutions and juvenile delinquency proceedings. These rights included the rights to: be present during specified proceedings, refuse defendants' discovery requests, receive restitution, obtain transcripts, consult about specified plea negotiations). The version of the constitution at the time this measure was put forward denied victims effective processes for enforcing these rights in court.
The measure provides victims may assert claim based on these rights in pending cases or, absent pending case, by mandamus. It authorizes legislature to enact implementing legislation. It would however, allow victims to obtain compensation, invalidate an accusatory instrument, conviction or adjudication, terminate a criminal or juvenile delinquency proceeding, or suspend such proceeding if suspension would violate defendant's constitutional rights.
Estimate of Financial Impact.
The direct financial impact to state and local governments was indeterminate because the impact depended on how often a victim would choose to bring an enforcement action to protect rights guaranteed under section 42, Article I of the Oregon Constitution, but denied by the court, district attorney or other public agency. These additional challenges could arise before a criminal case is filed, after a case is filed, and after the entry of a final judgment in a criminal case. Actions could be pursued in cases involving person and property crimes in violation, misdemeanor and felony cases, and the victim could file an enforcement action more than one time in a single case. Some cases involve multiple victims, each of whom could bring an individual enforcement action. The measure authorizes the legislature to enact laws providing detailed procedures for claims by victims, including the establishment of reasonable limitations on the time allowed victims to assert their rights and prescribing procedures for appeal. Legislation providing such procedures and limitations could change the direct costs of this measure. Direct costs may also be impacted by the degree of change in the current practice of restitution orders and payment, how many new victims are identified by the court, and the number of challenges that are appealed to a higher court.

</doc>
<doc id="20872201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872201" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 373">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 373

United Nations Security Council Resolution 373, adopted unanimously on August 18, 1975, after examining the application of the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe for membership in the United Nations, the Council recommended to the General Assembly that the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe be admitted.

</doc>
<doc id="20872214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872214" title="Power Scale">
Power Scale

Power Scale is the first album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on March 26, 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="20872220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872220" title="Babadaýhan District">
Babadaýhan District

Babadaýhan District is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan.
The name Babadaýhan is the Turkmenized form of the Persian name Bābā-Dihqān (بابادهقان), which eans “Forefather Farmer”, a mythological and ritual character whose cult has been reported in agrarian communities of mountainous and lowland Tajikistan, North Afghanistan and adjacent rural areas of Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, and Kazakhstan.
As an Iranian mythological figure, Bābā-ye Dehqān is believed to be the first man and the first farmer who taught his profession to mankind through a chain of his successors.

</doc>
<doc id="20872244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872244" title="Baharly District">
Baharly District

Baharly District is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan. It was formerly known as the Bäherden District.

</doc>
<doc id="20872248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872248" title="Edward Dickson">
Edward Dickson

Edward Dickson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20872250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872250" title="Tamara Khanum">
Tamara Khanum

Tamara Khanum (1906–1991) was an Uzbek dancer of Armenian origin, notable for being the first Uzbekistani woman to perform publicly and without a veil. Tamara Khanum was a colleague of ill-fated Uzbek dancer Nurkhon.
Born Tamara Petrosyan in Margilan, Russian Empire, she grew up in the Fergana Valley. Khanum showed interest in dance as a child, performing Uzbek folk songs and dances.
Khanum's dancing had a profound effect on American writer Langston Hughes, who in a 1934 article, "Tamara Khanum: Soviet Asia's Greatest Dancer," praised Khanum for her performances and for breaking cultural taboos by appearing on stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20872252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872252" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 374">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 374

United Nations Security Council Resolution 374, adopted unanimously on August 18, 1975, after examining the application of the People's Republic of Mozambique (now the Republic of Mozambique) for membership in the United Nations, the Council recommended to the General Assembly that the People's Republic of Mozambique be admitted.

</doc>
<doc id="20872253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872253" title="George Dunlop">
George Dunlop

George Dunlop may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20872256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872256" title="Lidia Chmielnicka">
Lidia Chmielnicka

Lidia Teresa Chmielnicka (née "Żmuda", later "Wanot", March 8, 1939 – September 27, 2002) was a Polish volleyball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Lublin and died in Opole.
In 1968 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20872260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872260" title="Jours de France">
Jours de France

Jours de France is a defunct French news magazine which was created and belonged to French industrialist Marcel Dassault. It succeeded to an earlier magazine called "Semaine de France" and was originally intended as a competitor to "Paris Match". It ran from 1958 to 1989.
It was used as a tool by Dassault to propagate his political ideas and vision, such as organizing a World Fair in Paris (which did not happen).
It was sent for free to all French dentists and physicians in France so that it was available to patients in the waiting rooms. It was essentially supported by publicity, which allow to keep a relatively low price.
It had pages devoted to fashion, health issues, social events in Paris, a regular editorial by Marcel Dassault, drawings by Jacques Faizant, Coq (Luis García Gallo), Kiraz and Hervé (alias of Hervé des Vallières).

</doc>
<doc id="20872261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872261" title="Gökdepe District">
Gökdepe District

Gökdepe District is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20872267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872267" title="Andrea Brady">
Andrea Brady

Andrea Brady is an American poet and lecturer at Queen Mary, at the University of London. Her academic work focuses on contemporary poetry and the early modern period. She is the curator of Archive of the Now and the co-editor (with Keston Sutherland) of Barque Press.
Published works.
Major collections include:

</doc>
<doc id="20872268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872268" title="Mike Parker (reporter)">
Mike Parker (reporter)

Michael J. Fishel (born September 27, 1943), known professionally as Mike Parker, is a former news anchor and a longtime reporter for WBBM-TV in Chicago.
Early life and education.
A native of Rock Island, Illinois, Parker earned a degree from Los Angeles City College.
Professional career.
Parker worked as the news director and as a reporter for KFI-AM radio in Los Angeles from 1969 until 1972. He also worked as an anchor, investigative reporter and general assignment reporter at KNXT-TV (now KCBS-TV) in Los Angeles, from 1977 until 1980.
In January 1980, Parker joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as a weekend news anchor and weekday general assignment reporter. He remained at WBBM-TV until 1985, when he chose not to renew his contract in order to join his wife, Mary Nissenson, who was working as a reporter for WABC-TV in New York. Parker then joined WABC himself as a general assignment reporter, remaining in New York until late 1986, when he returned to WBBM-TV as a weekend anchor. In 1987, Nissenson returned to Chicago, taking a reporting and substitute anchor job at WBBM-TV herself.
In 1992, Parker was demoted as weekend news anchor and was replaced by Jay Levine. "While I can't say I am delighted - because I thought I was doing a pretty darn good job - I don't think Chicago has heard the last of me yet," Parker told the Chicago Sun-Times in an article that appeared on February 4, 1992. "It's not the end of an era. Who knows what the future will hold? I'm certainly not a dead man."
Since 1992, Parker has occasionally filled in as a news anchor where needed. However, the bulk of his job has involved being one of WBBM's star reporters, including on the ill-fated non-tabloid 10 p.m. newscast anchored by Carol Marin that ran for nine months in 2000.
On October 7, 2008, Parker interviewed Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, asking the governor, "Don't you sometimes feel that you're a character in an Edgar Allan Poe story, that the walls are closing in somehow?"
Parker currently has been at WBBM-TV longer than any other full-time on-air personality
Personal.
Parker and his first wife, television news anchor and reporter Mary Nissenson, divorced in 1989. Parker married his second wife, Marian Ambrose, in 1992. They live in the Beverly neighborhood on Chicago's South Side.
Parker was off the air for an extended period in 2001 after undergoing coronary bypass surgery and related complications. He eventually made a full recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="20872292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872292" title="Jardin botanique de Cayenne">
Jardin botanique de Cayenne

The Jardin botanique de Cayenne (3 hectares) is a botanical garden located at the end of the Avenue Charles de Gaulle, adjacent to the university, in Cayenne, French Guiana. Although the Conseil Général de la Guyane states that the garden, formerly the "Jardin du Roi" (King's Garden), was established in 1879, there are earlier references to a botanical garden in Cayenne (e.g. Cosnard, 1828). It now contains a statue of politician Gaston Monnerville (1897-1991).

</doc>
<doc id="20872294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872294" title="Bench (geology)">
Bench (geology)

In geomorphology, geography and geology, a bench or benchland is a long, relatively narrow strip of relatively level or gently inclined land that is bounded by distinctly steeper slopes above and below it. Benches can be of different origins and created by very different geomorphic processes.
First, the differential erosion of rocks or sediments of varying hardness and resistance to erosion can create benches. Earth scientists called such benches "structural benches." Second, other benches are narrow fluvial terraces created by the abandonment of a floodplain by a river or stream and entrenchment of the river valley into it. Finally, a bench is also the name of a narrow flat area often seen at the base of a sea cliff that was created by waves or other physical or chemical erosion near the shoreline. These benches are typically referred to as either "coastal benches," "wave-cut benches," or "wave-cut platforms."
In mining, a bench is a narrow, strip of land cut into the side of an open-pit mine. These step-like zones are created along the walls of an open-pit mine for access and mining.

</doc>
<doc id="20872302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872302" title="Locomotives of the Western Australian Government Railways">
Locomotives of the Western Australian Government Railways

The Western Australian Government Railways (usually abbreviated to WAGR) operated a large number of unique steam, diesel and electric locomotive classes. Often suffering from lack of available funds the WAGR locomotive fleet often consisted of locomotives far older than their expected operational life. Only one electric locomotive was operated by the government during the WAGR years.
Early Steam Locomotives.
The first WAGR locomotives were two 1879 2-6-0 tender engines, later classified as the M class, built in England in 1875 and shipped to WA by sea. They operated on the first government railway in Geraldton, some 450 km north of Perth. The opening of the Fremantle to Guildford railway in 1881 saw the use of two 0-6-0T tank engines from the British Robert Stephenson and Co, numbered Numbers 1 and 2 and later classified as the C Class in 1885. The C class engines were later given small tenders to increase fuel storage. C1 was later renamed 'Katie' and is currently preserved at the Rail Transport Museum.
The contractor responsible for the construction of the Fremantle-Guildford railway, John Robb, sold his locomotive to the WA government also in 1881, and it became Number 3. Number 3 became to prototype of the WAGR A class 2-6-0 tender locomotives. The A class locomotives were soon supplemented by the B class 4-6-0T tank engines which had twice the haulage capacity of the A class. During this time the WAGR had been greatly expanded over the Darling Scarp and into the large agricultural strip to the East, specifically to the centers of Chidlow, Northam and Toodyay (then Newcastle). With the beginning of WA gold rushes in 1888 the railways required massive expansion and in 1889 the WAGR received a larger version of the A class which had been used in the construction of the private Great Southern Railway in Albany, on the southern coast of Western Australia. The new locomotives were a vast improvement over previous types and became the WAGR G Class, of which a total of 72 were eventually ordered, becoming the railways' most numerous type for its entire history. The G class existed in two forms - the initial 2-6-0 configuration and a later 4-6-0 type with improved running stability. The G class were immensely successful on a wide range of duties, and although phased out of mainline workings in the early 20th Century, they lingered until the very end of steam in WA, with two examples still working as shunters at Bunbury in August 1972.
Late Nineteenth Century.
The steep 1 in 30 gradients over the Darling Scarp presented a major problem to the early railway system, so in 1893/94 the K class 2-8-4T tank engines were introduced for traffic on this Eastern Railway. The K class were the first class of locomotives designed new for the WAGR, and some were later ordered for use in South Africa. The K class were unfortunately too heavy for branch-line operations and were so restricted to main-line services. In 1896 two new classes were introduced to the WAGR, namely the N Class 4-4-4T suburban tank engines and the O Class 2-8-0T&T, so classified for the presence of tenders and boiler-side fuel-storage bunkers. The N and O classes shared a standard boiler and cylinders which gave them compatibility. The N class were primarily used on suburban passenger and shunting duties - a role which they dominated for almost two decades. The O class were used initially on mainline goods services but were quickly relegated to branch line services where they served successfully. In the event further orders were placed until the class totaled fifty-six, with 10 being built locally at the Midland Railway Workshops.
The R class 4-4-0s represented a radical departure from previous WAGR locomotive design. The engines featured the largest diameter wheels of any WAGR locomotive at 1.45m, which allows for higher speeds at reduced power. Given the nature of WA's railways, however, this was not beneficial and the class saw limited service in their intended role as express engines, but continued to serve in country areas (such as around Northam) for many years. The class numbered 24 and were withdrawn in the mid-1920s when replaced by much larger locomotives.
Early 20th Century.
The onset of the 20th century saw the introduction of many new locomotives to the W.A.G.R. Notable examples included the E and F class engines of 1902 which were near identical with the exception of their wheel arrangements. An additional variant of the E class was provided as the Ec class, built in the United States. The E class were used for passenger services and were accordingly given the larger diameter driving wheels in a 4-6-0 configuration, while the F class freight locomotives had a 4-8-0 arrangement, providing extra power at the expense of speed. The D class 4-6-4T suburban tank engines were likewise introduced in 1902 and replaced the N class engines in suburban operations. All three classes, with the exception of some individual locomotives, underwent the process of superheating in 1912 to become the Es, Fs and Ds classes respectively. Also in 1912 the M class garratt-type locomotives were introduced, representing the first use of this type of locomotive in full-size mainline operation. The class was well adapted to WAGR's light branchlines and tight-radius curves thanks to its articulation.
The Interwar Period.
Suffering from the effects of both the First World War and the Great Depression, the WAGR introduced relatively few locomotive classes in the years between World War One and World War Two. The P class 4-6-2 pacific-type locomotives were introduced in 1924 and in 1938 an improved version, the Pr Class was constructed at the Midland workshops. 8 P class engines were converted to Pr class between 1941 and 1944 to alleviate war time stresses on the aged WAGR locomotive fleet, most of which dated back to the 19th century.
Post Second World War.
In the years following World War Two, the WAGR underwent a massive expansion and quickly introduced new services and many new locomotive classes.
Dieselisation.
Mainline diesel locomotives arrived on the WAGR in 1953 with the introduction of the WAGR Y class and in 1954 with the X Class.

</doc>
<doc id="20872303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872303" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 375">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 375

United Nations Security Council Resolution 375, adopted on September 22, 1975, after examining the application of Papua New Guinea for membership in the United Nations, the Council recommended to the General Assembly that Papua New Guinea be admitted.

</doc>
<doc id="20872312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872312" title="Trois petites liturgies de la présence divine">
Trois petites liturgies de la présence divine

Trois petites liturgies de la présence divine (in English, Three Small Liturgies of the Divine Presence) is a piece by Olivier Messiaen for women's voices, piano solo, ondes Martenot, and orchestra (without winds), in three movements. The libretto for the piece was written by Messiaen himself.
Composition and premiere.
"Trois petites liturgies" was commissioned by Denise Tual for the "Concerts de la Pléiade" in Paris and composed during World War II, between November 15, 1943, and March 15, 1944. Messiaen originally conceived the piece as a work for two pianos, as he had achieved success in that format previously with "Visions de l'amen". The sung words evoke the presence of God in himself and in all things, as indicated by the title. According to Messiaen, each movement describes a different facet of God's presence:
The principal idea is that of the divine presence, with each section dedicated to a different kind of presence. The first section, 'Antienne de la conversation intérieure' ('Antiphon of the Interior Conversation') is dedicated to the God who is present within us; the second section, 'Sequence du verbe, cantique divin' ('Sequence of the Word, Divine Song') is dedicated to the God who is present in Himself; and the third section, 'Psalmodie de l’ubiquité par amour' (Psalmody of the Ubiquity of Love) is inscribed to the God who is present in all things. These inexpressible ideas are not expressed but remain of the order of a dazzling display of color.
The work was premiered during the "Concerts de la Pléiade" at the Ancien Conservatoire on April 21, 1945, by Ginette Martenot (ondes Martenot), Yvonne Loriod (piano), the Yvonne Gouverné Chorale, and the Orchestra of the Société des Concerts du Conservatoire, under the direction of Roger Désormière.
The premiere was a success. The audience present included such respected persons as Arthur Honegger, Georges Auric, Francis Poulenc, Henri Sauguet, Roland-Manuel, André Jolivet, Claude Delvincourt, Lazare Lévy, Daniel-Lesur, Irène Joachim, Maurice Gendron, Jean Wiener, Georges Braque, Paul Eluard, Pierre Reverdy, Pierre Boulez, Serge Nigg, and Pierre Henry.
The piece was well received by the public, but the critics reacted more harshly. The work sparked a controversy which came to be known as "The Messiaen Affair". The two primary points of contention were "the quality and relevance of Messiaen's commentaries" and the use of "unusual sounds" for expressing religious themes. Claude Rostand responded particularly vehemently, describing the work as a "work of tinsel, false magnificence and pseudo-mysticism, this work with dirty nails and clammy hands, with bloated complexion and unhealthy flab, replete with noxious matter, looking about anxiously like an angel wearing lipstick."
Movements.
The piece lasts approximately thirty-five minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20872320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872320" title="Kaka District">
Kaka District

Kaka District is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan.
In ancient times the area was a fertile agricultural plain to the north of the Kopet Dag mountain range. A number of important Bronze Age sites exist in the area, such as the Ulug Depe.

</doc>
<doc id="20872329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872329" title="Northeast Metro Tech">
Northeast Metro Tech

Northeast Metropolitan Regional Vocational High School also known as Northeast Metro Tech or The Voke is a regional vocational school located in Wakefield, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1964 and draws students from the cities and towns of Chelsea, Revere, Winthrop, Malden, Melrose, North Reading, Reading, Stoneham, Wakefield, Winchester, Woburn and Saugus.
The number of students each city or town sends is dependent on its population and the amount of money it contributes to the budget of the school. The city of Malden is the biggest contributor of students, though with the recent successes and awards given to Malden High School, this could change in the near future. Chelsea is the second largest contributor, Woburn is the third. Also, students from Everett, Lynn, Lynnfield and Medford, which border the Northeast Metropolitan Regional Vocational School District, may attend the school if they apply and are approved.
The football team has recently won back-to-back Division 4A State Championships in 2009 and 2010.
Shops.
Main source: http://www.northeastmetrotech.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20872330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872330" title="Derweze District">
Derweze District

Ruhabat District is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan. Before October 2001 it was known as Ashgabat District.
On October 22, 2008, a new textile factory was officially opened in the district, providing jobs for 550 people. The factory specialises in velvet and is expected to produce some one million metres of printed and painted silk velvet per year. The factory was built by Turkish company "5M Inşaat Tekstil Ithalat Sanayi Ticaret LTD Sti" but the framework for the factory was established as a result of intergovernmental agreements between Turkmenistan and the People's Republic of China. The total cost of the project is 28.75 million U.S. dollars. The equipment for the factory was supplied by Chinese company "Jum Shui".
Gurtly Bird Sanctuary is located some 5 km from the main town and seat of Ruhabat.

</doc>
<doc id="20872334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872334" title="Centre for Social Cohesion">
Centre for Social Cohesion

The Centre for Social Cohesion (CSC) was a British think tank with its headquarters in London. Founded in 2007 as part of another London think tank, Civitas, it became independent in 2008 and was eventually subsumed into a separate London think tank, the Henry Jackson Society, in April 2011.
Foundation and constitution.
CSC was established with funding of circa £275,000 from Civitas. The organisation was constituted as a company limited by guarantee. It was incorporated and registered with Companies House in June 2008. Companies House records indicate that, as of 5 January 2009, the company's directors were Baroness Cox, former Professor of the private University of Buckingham, Dr John Marks, and author Dr Ruth Dudley Edwards. Cox and Marks are also directors of the Educational Research Trust.
CSC shared its Clutha House premises in London with The Pilgrim Trust, Civitas, and Policy Exchange. Unlike similar think tanks, including its stablefellows Civitas and Policy Exchange, the Centre for Social Cohesion is not registered with the Charity Commission for England and Wales. According to Companies House, the Centre for Social Cohesion was dissolved on 15 January 2013.
Activities and director.
The CSC's web site indicated that its aims were to foster new attitudes to help bring Britain's ethnic and religious communities closer together, while strengthening British traditions of openness, tolerance, and democracy. It researched ethnic and religious communities and organisations in the UK and published analyses.
The Centre's Director was Douglas Murray, author of "Neoconservatism: Why We Need It", and the CSC's web site indicated that its researchers were trained in journalism, philosophy, and Islamic affairs, and include speakers of Arabic, Bengali, Urdu, and other Asian and European languages. The CSC web site indicated that it studied challenges to liberal society, secular democracy, and religious pluralism. The CSC took the position that Islamism represents a threat to social cohesion, and analysed its impact in this context. The Centre published regular reports, produces media releases, held seminars, and explored how best to promote tolerance, civic values, and greater cohesion in Britain.
Media reception.
The CSC said that it had no political affiliations and aimed to be impartial and non-partisan in carrying out its work. A frequently referenced media source, the CSC was labelled by parts of the media such as the BBC and "The Guardian" as "right leaning", its research has been described as "controversial" and it attracted criticism from the National Assembly Against Racism, the National Union of Students and the Scottish-Islamic Foundation, whose chief executive Osama Saeed described the CSC, along with the Policy Exchange, as a "right-wing 'stinktank'". By contrast, the CSC's findings were more favourably received by other media outlets, most notably the British right-of-center press such as "The Daily Mail", "The Spectator" and "Daily Telegraph". Melanie Phillips of "The Spectator" described the Centre as "invaluable", and the "Telegraph"s Damian Thompson described Murray as the Centre's "brilliant young director" in his "Daily Telegraph" blog.
Murray robustly defended his February 2010 open invitation to post Irish jokes on his blog. A number of people questioned whether Murray would invite jokes about Pakistanis or Israelis.
Anwar al-Awlaki.
When focus increased on the Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki after the Fort Hood shootings and 2009 Christmas Day bombing attempt, Alexander Meleagrou-Hitchens, a research fellow for the Centre, said: "For well over a year now, organisations such as ours have repeatedly warned about the dangerous influence of this man, with most of our warnings falling on deaf ears".

</doc>
<doc id="20872342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872342" title="Ferdi Taygan">
Ferdi Taygan

Ferdi Taygan (born December 5, 1956, in Worcester, Massachusetts), is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He is of Turkish descent.
Taygan enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 19 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 19 times. Partnering Sherwood Stewart, Taygan won the 1982 French Open doubles title. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 1.
Personal.
Ferdi Taygan is born in Massachusetts to a Turkish father and a mother of Belarus descent. His father, Beyazıt, immigrated to the USA to study civil engineering. He majored in finances.
Taygan married Kay Conaway of Birmingham, Alabama in 1983. They have two daughters: Nuray Taygan, born November 18, 1984 and Shenal Taygan, born August 6, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20872343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872343" title="Krystyna Ostromęcka">
Krystyna Ostromęcka

Krystyna Ostromęcka (later "Guryn", born March 12, 1948) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Bydgoszcz.
In 1968 she was part of the Polish team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. She played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20872344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872344" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 376">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 376

United Nations Security Council Resolution 376, adopted on October 17, 1975, after examining the application of the Comoros for membership in the United Nations, the Council recommended to the General Assembly that the Comoros be admitted.
The resolution was adopted by 14 votes to none; France did not participate in the voting.

</doc>
<doc id="20872371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872371" title="2009 Baltimore Ravens season">
2009 Baltimore Ravens season

The 2009 Baltimore Ravens season is the franchise's 14th season as a team in the National Football League (NFL). The franchise entered the season off an 11–5 record in their previous season, a playoff berth, but a loss in the American Football Conference (AFC) Championship game against the eventual Super Bowl XLIII champions, the Pittsburgh Steelers. The Ravens recorded nine victories to seven losses, although they were unable to win the AFC North division title. However, due to various playoff clinching scenarios in the AFC, the Ravens were able to clinch a wild card playoff berth against the New England Patriots, which they won. They, however, lost in the AFC playoffs divisional round against the Indianapolis Colts; with this loss, the 2009 season came to an end for the Ravens. For head coach John Harbaugh, this was his second year with the franchise, compiling an overall record of 20–12 in the regular season.
Offseason.
Rex Ryan, a longtime fixture on the Ravens' sidelines, departed for New York to become the New York Jets head coach after the Ravens fell to the Steelers in the 2008 AFC Championship game.
Other notable offseason departures include linebacker Bart Scott and safety Jim Leonhard, both of whom left Baltimore to follow Rex Ryan to New York, and longtime placekicker Matt Stover. On March 5, 2009, Stover told reporters that the Ravens were "going in a different direction". When Stover's tenure ended with the Ravens, the team severed ties with one of its two remaining players from the Ravens' first season in 1996; the other being Ray Lewis.
2009 NFL Draft.
The Baltimore Ravens had six selections going into the 2009 NFL Draft, which was held in Radio City Music Hall in New York City, New York on April 25 and April 26, 2009.
Regular season.
The Ravens, in addition to facing its AFC North counterparts, will face opponents from the AFC West Division and the NFC North Division. They will also face the Indianapolis Colts from the AFC South Division and the New England Patriots from the AFC East Division based on the 2002 – 2009 NFL scheduling formula because of their second place finish in the AFC North Division.
The Ravens have the fifth easiest strength of schedule in the NFL based on its aforementioned opponents' win to loss ratio from the 2008 season, with its opponents winning 43.8% of their scheduled games in 2008.
Schedule.
The 2009 NFL schedule was released on April 14, 2009.
COLOR KEY:
Game summaries.
Week 1: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
The Baltimore Ravens began the 2009 season at home for the second season in a row. They hosted the Kansas City Chiefs, who struggled to a franchise-worst 2–14 record in 2008. The Ravens dominated time of possession and offensive production throughout the game, but their special teams miscues made the game much closer than the score would indicate. The Ravens found the end zone half way through the first quarter for their first touchdown of the season when Flacco found Willis McGahee for a 3-yard touchdown pass. The Ravens would later increase their advantage with a Steven Hauschka field goal. In the second quarter, a special teams miscue led to Chiefs safety Jon McGraw blocking a Sam Koch punt into the end zone, where he recovered for a touchdown. Early in the third quarter, Derrick Johnson intercepted an errant Joe Flacco pass and returned it to the Ravens 3-yard line. Chiefs quarterback Brodie Croyle found standout receiver Dwayne Bowe for a touchdown three plays later. The Ravens would respond with an 11-play, five-minute drive capped off by a 9-yard touchdown to Todd Heap. After trading touchdowns halfway through the fourth quarter, the Ravens defense forced a turnover on downs, and the Ravens offense capitalized with a Le'Ron McClain 1-yard touchdown run. The Ravens would add an additional touchdown from McGahee in the final minute of the game to open their season with a 38 – 24 win, and the second win in as many home openers. With the win, not only do the Ravens improve to 1–0, they are the only team in the AFC North to win their home opener on Kickoff Sunday; the Pittsburgh Steelers defeated the Tennessee Titans 13 – 10 on Kickoff Night the Thursday prior.
Week 2: at San Diego Chargers.
The Chargers host the Ravens in their home debut in San Diego after a narrow escape in the second of two AFL 50th Anniversary-themed division rivalry Monday Night matchups against the Raiders in Oakland. The Chargers jumped out to an early lead when a blown coverage led to an easy 81-yard touchdown pass from Philip Rivers to Darren Sproles. The Ravens answered with Willis McGahee on a 5-yard touchdown run, but the Chargers would increase their advantage on a Nate Kaeding field goal. The offensive display would continue in the second quarter, but the Ravens touchdowns were only answered by Chargers field goals. McGahee found the end zone a second time to take the lead 14 – 10, but the Chargers pulled within one on the second Kaeding field goal. Flacco then found Kelley Washington for Flacco's first touchdown pass of the day and Washington's first touchdown reception as a Raven just inside the 2-minute halftime warning. Rivers led the Chargers down the field in an attempt to answer, but the drive stalled and had to settle for the third of four Kaeding field goals. In the second half, both defenses stiffened. Todd Heap would get his second touchdown catch of the season from Flacco from 9 yards out, but the Chargers responded with a 35-yard touchdown catch from Vincent Jackson. Late in the fourth quarter, interceptions from Flacco and Rivers led to trading field goals. After a Ravens punt, Rivers led the Chargers all the way down to the Ravens 15. The Chargers went for the first down on fourth down to go for the win, but Sproles was stopped by Ray Lewis five yards in the backfield, allowing the Ravens to run the clock out. With the win, not only do the Ravens improve to 2–0, the Ravens take sole possession of first place in the AFC North with the Steelers' loss to the Bears.
Week 3: vs. Cleveland Browns.
After another high scoring affair in San Diego, the Ravens returned to Baltimore with a one game lead on the Steelers and Bengals and hosted their first AFC North Division game against the Cleveland Browns. (Coincidentally, the Bengals host the Steelers in divisional play in week three as well.) Although this was the third consecutive high scoring game for the Ravens, this was not a close contest. The Ravens struck early on the first of two touchdown runs from Willis McGahee, and would increase their advantage on a Hauschka field goal. In the second quarter, after another Hauschka field goal, McGahee found the end zone again. His second rushing TD leads the NFL with five. Although the Browns wanted to prove they were up to the challenge of contending with a quality football team, miscues thoroughly undid the Browns as quarterbacks Derek Anderson and Brady Quinn combined for four interceptions. Quinn was benched at the half in favor of Anderson, but Anderson was no better than his maligned counterpart. The third quarter only saw another touchdown for the Ravens, but was a special one for Ray Rice, as it was his first career NFL touchdown. The final minutes of the third quarter also saw the Browns longest drive of the day, but as time expired in the third quarter, the Browns were stopped short of the end zone. The fourth quarter opened with the Browns only points of the game on a field goal from Billy Cundiff, a free-agent signee since kicker Phil Dawson was inactive due to a leg injury. The final points of the contest came on the third Anderson interception, which was Ed Reed's first of the season. Flacco's touchdown was not only the longest of the season for him to date, but was the only passing touchdown all day. He hit a wide open Derrick Mason after a blown coverage in the Browns secondary for a 72-yard touchdown. With the win, the Ravens improve to 3–0 and improve to 1–0 in the AFC North.
Week 4: at New England Patriots.
Coming off their divisional home win over the Browns, the Ravens flew to Gillette Stadium for a Week 4 battle with the New England Patriots. After Patriots kicker Stephen Gostkowski got a 32-yard field goal in the first quarter, Baltimore got into the game with quarterback Joe Flacco hooking up with wide receiver Derrick Mason on a 20-yard touchdown pass. In the second quarter, New England came back with quarterback Tom Brady's 1-yard touchdown run and running back Sammy Morris' 12-yard touchdown run.
The Ravens would reply in the third quarter with defensive end Terrell Suggs sacking Brady, causing a fumble which rolled into the Patriots' endzone, where defensive end Dwan Edwards would land on it for a touchdown. New England would come right back with Brady's 14-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Randy Moss. Baltimore would play some catch-up in the fourth quarter as Flacco found running back Willis McGahee on a 13-yard touchdown pass, but the Patriots willingly replied with Gostkowski's 33-yard field goal. Flacco would lead a last-minute drive, but New England's stiffened and came away with the win.
With the tough loss, the Ravens fell to 3–1.
Week 5: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
Hoping to rebound from their tough road loss to the Patriots, the Ravens went home for a Week 5 AFC North duel with the Cincinnati Bengals. The winner would take the lead in the division after five weeks.
After a scoreless first quarter, Baltimore's defense went to work in the second quarter with safety Ed Reed returning an interception 52 yards for a touchdown. The Bengals would answer with a 32-yard field goal from kicker Shayne Graham. Near the end of the third quarter, Cincinnati would take the lead on a 28-yard touchdown run from running back Cedric Benson. The Ravens would respond in the fourth quarter as quarterback Joe Flacco hooked up with running back Ray Rice 48-yard touchdown pass. However, late in the game, the Bengals would deliver the final strike as quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 20-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Andre Caldwell. Baltimore tried to rally, but an interception from cornerback Leon Hall eliminated any chance of a comeback.
With the loss, the Ravens fell to 3–2.
Also, the defense's 40-game streak of keeping a single rusher under 100 yards was snapped. The last time that Baltimore allowed a 100-yard rusher was Dec. 10, 2006 against the Chiefs' Larry Johnson.
Week 6: at Minnesota Vikings.
Trying to snap a two-game losing streak, the Ravens flew to the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome for a Week 6 interconference duel with the Minnesota Vikings. Baltimore would trail in the first quarter as Vikings quarterback Brett Favre completed a 19-yard touchdown pass to tight end Visanthe Shiancoe and a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Bernard Berrian. Afterwards, the Ravens would snag the only points of the second quarter with kicker Steven Hauschka making a 29-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Minnesota would extend its lead as kicker Ryan Longwell nailed a 40-yard field goal. Baltimore would come right back into the game with running back Ray Rice's 22-yard touchdown run, but Longwell helped out the Vikings with a 22-yard field goal. In a nerve-racking fourth quarter, Minnesota increased its lead with Favre finding Shiancoe again on a 1-yard touchdown run. The Ravens would respond with quarterback Joe Flacco's 32-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Mark Clayton. After Longwell gave the Vikings a 29-yard field goal, Baltimore would take the lead as Flacco completed a 12-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Derrick Mason and Rice getting a 33-yard touchdown run. Minnesota would regain the lead as Longwell booted a 31-yard field goal. Flacco would get the Ravens into scoring range, but Hauschka's 44-yard field goal attempt sailed wide left, preserving the Vikings' so-far perfect season.
With the loss, Baltimore went into its bye week at 3–3.
This also marked the first time that the Ravens defense allowed back-to-back 100-yard rushers since 2005 (Bengals' Rudi Johnson & Texans' Domanick Williams).
Week 8: vs. Denver Broncos.
Coming off their bye week, the Ravens went home for a Week 8 duel with the undefeated Denver Broncos. Baltimore took flight in the first half with kicker Steven Hauschka nailing a 43-yard field goal in the first quarter and a 35-yard field goal in the second quarter. The Ravens would immediately make their domination felt in the third quarter as rookie cornerback Lardarius Webb returned the second half's opening kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown. The Broncos would get on the board with running back Knowshon Moreno getting a 1-yard touchdown run, yet Baltimore answered with Hauschka booting a 31-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Ravens closed the game out in the fourth quarter as quarterback Joe Flacco found wide receiver Derrick Mason on a 20-yard touchdown pass, while running back Ray Rice got a 7-yard touchdown run.
With the win, Baltimore improved to 4–3.
Week 9: at Cincinnati Bengals.
Coming off their dominating home win over the Broncos, the Ravens flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a Week 9 AFC North rematch with the Cincinnati Bengals. Baltimore would trail in the first quarter as Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 6-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Andre Caldwell, followed by running back Cedric Benson getting a 1-yard touchdown run. Cincinnati would increase their lead in the second quarter as kicker Shayne Graham booted a 23-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, the Ravens got on the board with a 2-yard touchdown run from running back Ray Rice. However, the Bengals' defense would stop any further progress from Baltimore.
With the loss, the Ravens fell to 4–4.
Week 10: at Cleveland Browns.
Hoping to rebound from their season-sweeping losses to the Bengals, the Ravens flew to Cleveland Browns Stadium for a Week 10 Monday night duel with their AFC North rival, the Cleveland Browns. After a scoreless first half, Baltimore acquired all of their points in the third quarter. It began with running back Ray Rice getting a 13-yard touchdown run, safety Dawan Landry returning an interception 48 yards for a touchdown, and kicker Steven Hauschka booting a 44-yard field goal. Afterwards, the defense consistently shut down the Browns' inept offense.
With the win, the Ravens improved to 5–4.
Week 11: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
Coming off their shutout road win over the Browns, the Ravens went home for a Week 11 duel with the Indianapolis Colts. Baltimore would trail in the first quarter as Colts quarterback Peyton Manning threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Dallas Clark. The Ravens would answer with recently signed kicker Billy Cundiff (after Steven Hauschka was cut) making a 46-yard and a 44-yard field goal. Baltimore would take the lead in the second quarter with Cundiff's 38-yard field goal, but Indianapolis would answer with a 5-yard touchdown run from running back Joseph Addai. The Ravens would close out the half with Cundiff nailing a 36-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, Baltimore regained the lead again in the fourth quarter with a 20-yard field goal from Cundiff, but the Colts would get the last laugh as former Ravens kicker Matt Stover booted a 25-yard field goal.
With the loss, Baltimore fell to 5–5.
Week 12: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
Following a close loss to the Colts the prior week, the much-hated Steelers came to town for a rematch of last year's AFC Championship Game. Steelers starting QB Ben Roethlisberger, who suffered a concussion in the previous week's overtime loss to the Chiefs did not start, and was the designated 3rd (emergency) quarterback. Backup Charlie Batch also was hurt in that game, which left 2nd-year QB Dennis Dixon, who previously had one pass in his NFL career, to start. The Steelers received the opening kickoff, but went three-and-out. On the ensuing possession, the Ravens drove down the field with ease, capping off their drive with a touchdown run by Willis McGahee. In the second quarter, Dixon hit WR Santonio Holmes on a play-action pass for a 33 yard TD, tying the game. The Ravens answered on the following drive, with a 52-yard strike from Joe Flacco to Mark Clayton, setting up a 10-yard touchdown pass to Derrick Mason. In the third quarter, on the Ravens opening possession, Mark Clayton made a 9-yard reception but fumbled the ball. The ball was kicked 20 yards towards the Steelers endzone by a Pittsburgh player, but recovered by Tyrone Carter. The Steelers drove, but were held to a field goal by Jeff Reed. Later in the 4th quarter, Joe Flacco was sacked by Lawrence Timmons and fumbled the ball, recovered by the Steelers near midfield. The drive resulted in a 24-yard run on a QB option by Dixon, giving the Steelers their first lead of the night. On the Ravens next possession, things were looking bad when the offense was facing a 3rd and 22 with around 3 minutes left. Joe Flacco completed a pass to Derrick Mason for 17 yards, leaving John Harbaugh with a critical decision. Harbaugh opted to go for it, and Joe Flacco found Ray Rice for a 44-yard reception, setting the Ravens up inside the Steeler 10-yard line with less than 2 minutes left. Billy Cundiff tied the game with a 24-yard field goal. On the following Steeler possession, Dennis Dixon was nearly intercepted by Lardarius Webb. The Steelers were forced to punt, giving the ball back to the Ravens with about 1:30 left in the game. A very good punt return into Steeler territory by Chris Carr was wiped off by a block in the back. Despite the setback, the Ravens managed to drive to the Steeler 40-yard line, where their drive stalled. On 3rd and 9 with 25 seconds left, Joe Flacco was sacked and fumbled, but the ball was recovered by Ben Grubbs. With the clock counting inside 10 seconds left and no timeouts, the field goal team managed to get into formation, and get the kick off. The 56 yard attempt by Billy Cundiff was dead center, but about 2 yards short. In overtime, the Steelers won the toss and got the ball, but were forced to punt. The Ravens, also forced to punt deep in their own territory, gave the ball to Pittsburgh around the Steeler 40-yard line. On a 3rd and 5, Dennis Dixon threw an interception to LB Paul Kruger, who returned the ball 26 yards to the Steeler 28-yard line. Already in field goal range, the Ravens ran the ball down to the Pittsburgh 11-yard line where Billy Cundiff made a 29-yard field goal to win the game.
With the win, both teams' records is 6–5. The Ravens hold the final wild card seed in the AFC due to the head-to-head tiebreaker over Pittsburgh.
Week 13: at Green Bay Packers.
With injuries to key players, Ed Reed and Mark Jermain Clayton, (the word 'key' used loosely with Clayton) both the offense and defense failed to play up to standards and the team endured another painful defeat. With the loss, the Ravens fell to 6–6.
Week 14: vs Detroit Lions.
With the win, the Ravens improved to 7–6 and allowed them outright 2nd place in the AFC North with the Steelers' loss to the Browns. Also, the Ravens would set a record of most points scored in a single game until Week 10 of the 2012 season when they defeated the Raiders scoring 55 points against them.
Week 15: vs Chicago Bears.
With the win, the Ravens improved to 8–6.
Week 16: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
Even with the loss to the Steelers, the Ravens playoff hopes were not yet vanished. All the Ravens needed was a win the following against the Oakland Raiders to clinch a playoff berth. The loss dropped the team to 8–7.
Week 17: at Oakland Raiders.
This victory allowed the dethroning of the defending world champion Pittsburgh Steelers and ending the latter team's run at a repeat title. In turn, the Ravens got their Wild Card spot.
Postseason.
Game summaries.
AFC Wild Card Round: at New England Patriots.
Entering the postseason as the AFC's sixth seed, the Ravens began their playoff run at Gillette Stadium in the AFC Wild Card round against the #3 seeded New England Patriots. This game was a rematch of their game played during Week 4 of the 2009 season. The Ravens drew first blood. As Ray Rice took the hand off from Flacco and ran through a hole in the defense and on his way to an 83 yard TD. This was the on the Ravens' first offensive play of the game. It was the longest rush of his career and the 2nd longest rush in NFL postseason history. Less than 2 minutes later, LB and DE Terrell Suggs, forces a fumble from New England quarterback Tom Brady's hand on a 3rd and 11 pass attempt and recovers for the Ravens on the New England 17. Le'Ron McClain then capped a 5 play Ravens scoring drive with a 2-yard touchdown plunge, extending the lead to 14–0. The Ravens capitalized on another New England miscue when cornerback Chris Carr intercepted a Tom Brady pass. After a 6 play 26-yard drive Ray Rice hopped into the end-zone for his second touchdown of the quarter. On the Patriots very next possession another Tom Brady pass is intercepted by safety Ed Reed. Reed took the interception and returned it 25 yards before handing it off to Dawan Landry who took it another 25 yards. This led to leading to a Ravens field goal and a 24–0 first quarter lead. The Ravens went on to defeat the Patriots by a final score of 33–14. The Ravens would advance to face the top-seeded Colts in the Divisional Round.
AFC Divisional Round: at Indianapolis Colts.
Coming off their impressive Wild Card road win over the Patriots, the Ravens flew to Lucas Oil Stadium for the AFC Divisional Round against the top-seeded Indianapolis Colts. Baltimore would trail to begin the first quarter as former Colts kicker Matt Stover got a 44-yard field goal. The Ravens would respond with kicker Billy Cundiff making a 25-yard field goal. However, the Colts rebounded in the second quarter as quarterback Peyton Manning completed a 10-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Austin Collie and a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Reggie Wayne. Following a scoreless third quarter, Baltimore's deficit increased in the fourth quarter as Stover gave Indianapolis a 33-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Ravens' season ended with an overall record of 10–8.

</doc>
<doc id="20872384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872384" title="Edward Dixon">
Edward Dixon

Edward Dixon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20872385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872385" title="Telomerization">
Telomerization

Telomerization is a radical polymerization reaction where a chain transfer limits the size of the oligomer molecule product—the telomer. Telomerization requires a telogen to react with at least one unsaturated taxogen molecule. Fluorotelomers are an example.

</doc>
<doc id="20872395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872395" title="Musa Aydın">
Musa Aydın

Musa Aydın (born 1 November 1980 in Samsun) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Samsunspor in the Turkish TFF First League.
At the start of the 2009–10 season, he scored a Champions League goal for Sivasspor against Anderlecht in the second leg of the third round qualifying, in a game that Sivas won 3–1.

</doc>
<doc id="20872396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872396" title="Serakhs District">
Serakhs District

Serakhs District (Turkmen: "Sarahs etraby") is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan. Its capital is the town of Serakhs.

</doc>
<doc id="20872406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872406" title="Tejen District">
Tejen District

Tejen District is a district of Ahal Province in Turkmenistan.It covers an area of 12,000 km² with an estimated 110,000 people in 2006. The main city is Tejen, located near the Hanhowuz Reservoir. The main highway is the M37 highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20872424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872424" title="Jason Bell (rugby league)">
Jason Bell (rugby league)

Jason Bell is a former rugby league player. His position of preference was at Five Eighth.
Parramatta.
A Parramatta junior, Bell made his first grade debut in 1989. He played fifty three games for the Eels before transferring to North Sydney at the start of the 1993 season. However his time at the Bears was not a happy one and he only played one first grade game in the 1993 season.
Souths.
He rejuvenated his career by moving across the harbour to the Rabbitohs. Here he played 58 games in three years for the club, and was regarded as a senior player by the time he was 24. He formed a solid halves combination with Craig Field.
Return to the Eels.
His strong form at the Rabbitohs gave him the opportunity to return home to the Eels, and he went on to play another fifty three games for the club. In 1997 he won the club's Jack Boyle Tackling School Award, which is awarded to the club's best tackler each season. By 1999 however, he was struggling to make first grade and instead captained the Eels reserve grade team to a win in the NSWRL First Division Grand Final.
Final Years.
He was not re-signed by the Eels for 2000 and instead he joined the Newtown Jets in the NSWRL First Division. The Jets had a feeder relationship with the Auckland Warriors and mid-season injuries to Stacey Jones and John Simon saw him signed by the Warriors. He played eight games to finish off the season for the Warriors.
At the end of the 2000 season the Warriors were sold and the new owners did not opt to re-sign Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="20872425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872425" title="The Witch Doctor (album)">
The Witch Doctor (album)

The Witch Doctor is an album by Art Blakey and his group The Jazz Messengers recorded on March 14, 1961 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Blakey with Lee Morgan, Wayne Shorter, Bobby Timmons, and Jymie Merritt.

</doc>
<doc id="20872428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872428" title="Kimi Verma">
Kimi Verma

Kimi Verma (ਕਿਮੀ ਵਰਮਾ) is an Indian actress and fashion designer. Kimi was born in Bombay in 20 November 1977, then later moved to the city of Ludhiana in the state of Punjab in India. After working on her MBA from Bombay University, Kimi moved to Los Angeles and currently resides there. Kimi owns a women's fashion house and is the Lead Designer and CEO of the company.
Kimi won the title of Miss Bombay and the Femina Miss India Beautiful Hair title in 1994. She has been offered numerous roles in Punjabi movies. At present, she works as a clothing designer and lives in Los Angeles, California.
Career.
Kimi's film career started with a role in the film, Naseebo (1995) and was followed by a number of notable Punjabi-language films, including Qahar (1998), Jee Aayan Nu, Asa Nu Maan Watna Da & Mera Pind - My Home. Certain sources indicate she also worked as a model and appeared in some television series.

</doc>
<doc id="20872431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872431" title="George Dunlop (baseball)">
George Dunlop (baseball)

George Henry Dunlop (July 19, 1888 – December 12, 1971) was a Major League Baseball infielder who played for two seasons. He played for the Cleveland Naps from 1913 to 1914, playing in eight total games.

</doc>
<doc id="20872456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872456" title="Madame de Tessé">
Madame de Tessé

Adrienne Catherine de Noailles, comtesse de Tessé (; 24 December 1741 – December 1813), daughter of Louis, 4th duc de Noailles, sister of the 5th duc de Noailles and aunt of Marie Adrienne Françoise de Noailles, held a salon and corresponded with Thomas Jefferson in the early 19th century.
Life.
On 20 June 1755 she married René de Froulay, Comte de Tessé, last Marquis de Lavardin (1736–1814), grandson of René de Froulay de Tessé.
In February 1764, on his tour of Paris, Mozart dedicated his sonatas for piano and violin, KV8 and KV9 to her.
My Master Wolfgang, however, has received from Madame la Comtesse de Tessé a gold snuff-box and a gold watch, valuable on account of its smallness
French Revolution.
In the early days of the revolutionary period, she was in Paris taking an interest in, and attending the Assembly, and holding a salon: In the salon of Madame de Tessé, who according to the Goncourt brothers, had been formulating plans for a constitutional monarchy for twenty years, "the most advanced opinions" found themselves amid what Guizot called, "a small group with elegant manners." This salon was held at her townhouse on the Rue de Varenne, Faubourg Saint-Germain. A room from the Hôtel de Tessé, was given to the Metropolitan Museum by Mrs. Herman N. Straus.
Lafayette, who was her nephew-in-law, often went to her country house, the Château de Chaville, built in 1766, near Paris, as a part of the social scene. Thomas Jefferson met Madame de Tessé when he was minister to France between 1784 and 1789. Jefferson began a long correspondence with her after visiting Chaville.
Gouverneur Morris after being received at Versailles, 5 March 1789, visited:
Return to Paris and dine with Madame de Tessé—republicans of the first feather. The countess, who is a very sensible woman, has formed her ideas of government in a manner not suited, I think, either to the situation, the circumstances, or the disposition of France, and there are many such,
And on 17 September 1789, he noted:She is a convert to my principles. We have a gay conversation of some minutes on their affairs, in which I mingle sound maxims of government with that piquant "légèreté" which this nation delights in. I am fortunate, and at going away she follows me and insists that I dine with her next time I come to Versailles.
He met her on 22 July 1792:Later in the evening, visit Madame de Tessé. She is deeply engaged in a political discussion. I find that the high democrats begin to cool a little, and I think that by degrees they will feel, though they would not understand reason.
Her cousins, Henriette-Anne-Louise d'Aguesseau de La Grange, and Catherine de Cossé-Brissac, and niece, Louise vicomtesse de Noailles, were guillotined on 22 July 1794.
After the Revolution.
In 1797 she lived in exile at Wittmoldt, Holstein, near the town of Plön, with a large entourage, her Montagu nephews, an old priest, the Abbé de Luchet. Her niece, Adrienne de La Fayette recuperated nearby at Lehmkuhlen, Holstein. At Wittmoldt, Anastasie de Lafayette married Juste-Charles de la Tour-Maubourg, the brother of another Olmütz detainee, Charles César de Fay de La Tour-Maubourg.
In 1804, she sold the house to Johannes Schuback. She purchased a townhouse in Paris, at No. 8, rue d'Anjou (now rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré).
Upon returning from exile, Monsieur and Madame de Tessé returned to Lavardin Castle, in Mézières, and his "hôtel" in the city of Le Mans (near red Pillar) and the Bazoge Forest. What remained of his immense fortune allowed them again, this time to live more richly. We know that in the last years of his life, he gave his Hôtel de Tessé, to make a seminar and a bishopric, in Sarthe and Mayenne departments. Her husband, the Comte de Tessé, last Marquis of Lavardin, died in Paris on 21 January 1814, aged 78.
Horticulture.
She was particularly interested in native American plants, which Jefferson ordered for her château garden. In 1788 the countess wrote requesting him to send her the shrub beautyberry ("Callicarpa americana") and a persimmon tree ("Diospyros virginiana"). Jefferson also gave her a specimen of sweet shrub ("Calycanthus floridus"). While in France he had encountered the white heliotrope ("Heliotropium arborescens"), native to Peru, and sent seeds home to his friend Francis Eppes for Monticello, noting that it was: to be sowed in the spring. a delicious flower, but I suspect it must be planted in boxes & kept in the house in the winter, the smell rewards the care. In 1811 Jefferson acknowledged the receipt of seeds, she had sent in 1809, of the native Chinese goldenrain tree ("Koelreuteria paniculata"), which was by then growing at Monticello—the first such specimen in the United States. Jefferson wrote:
I cherish it with particular attentions, as it daily reminds me of the friendship with which you have honored me.
I learn with great pleasure the success of your new gardens at Auenay. No occupation can be more delightful or useful. They will have the merit of inducing you to forget those of Chaville.

</doc>
<doc id="20872512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872512" title="Summers Burkhart">
Summers Burkhart

Summers Burkhart (26 June 1859 – 14 May 1932) was an American lawyer and the United States Attorney for New Mexico from 1913 to 1921.
Burkhart was born in Martinsburg, Virginia (now West Virginia) to middle class parents, William Davidson Burkhart and Nannie Forest Burkhart.  He was sent away for advanced schooling to the College of St. James in Washington County, Maryland, where he graduated in 1879. In 1880 he moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico and began the study of law. He was admitted to the NM bar in 1888, and was the First District Court clerk in 1889. Later that year Burkhart became the Clerk of Court for the NM Supreme Court where he stayed two years, and left to practice law in Albuquerque, where he had been living since his marriage in May 1889. In 1893 and 1894, Burkhart was the City Attorney for Albuquerque. He left that post to become an assistant U.S. Attorney for the Court of Private Land Claims where he stayed until 1896, and then returned to the private practice of law. 
Burkhart served as an Albuquerque alderman from 1898 through 1900. He was chairman of the Central Committee of the Bernalillo County Democratic Party from 1896 to 1908, and resigned to become the Secretary of the Central Committee of the Democratic Party of New Mexico which post he held until 1911 when he resigned to run for the NM Supreme Court. Burkhart was the NM delegate to the 1908 Democratic National Convention. Defeated for the NM Supreme Court, Governor McDonald appointed Burkhart as Legal Adviser to the Governor. It was in this position that Burkhart issued the legal opinion that Albert Fall's election in February 1913 by the NM Legislature was illegal, forcing a special session and a new vote.
Burkhart was active in securing passage in the U.S. Congress of the "Flood Amendment" to the N.M. Constitution.
Following the election of Woodrow Wilson, Burkhart was appointed as U.S. Attorney for New Mexico. He was confirmed by the United States Senate and sworn in on 5 August 1913. He served until 3 March 1921, when he tendered his resignation upon the inauguration of Republican Warren G. Harding as president.
In 1925, Burkhart represented Governor Hannett against the unsuccessful election challenge of Manuel B. Otero. And the following year represented the State of New Mexico in New Mexico v. Colorado, a large water adjudication.
Burkhart married Miriam Parsons on 8 May 1889 in Las Vegas, NM, and they had two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20872530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872530" title="Tadadi">
Tadadi

Tadadi (Tadari)is one of the ports in Uttara Kannada, Karnataka, India. It is near Gokarna in Kumta taluk.
It is known for its agriculture & Fishing and has produced many engineers, scientists, doctors, educationists who have made significant contributions to the country's economy and growth.
Tadadi is an amazing coastal site in Karnataka that overlooks the picturesque Western Ghats. The only free-flowing river of the Western Ghats, Aghanashini, empties itself into the Arabian Sea here, creating an incredible 1800 hectares of estuary in the process. Over 26 mangrove species offer perfect habitat for some 100 species of fish and other aquatic life. Trade in mollusks is done here. Salt production is an ancillary economic activity on which 800 families directly depend.
The Tadadi village has a fishing harbour and a fish processing plant which was set up by a team of experts from Denmark. Many fishing communities thrive on the marine life that abounds in the region. While the men bring home the catch, the women slice the fish and marinate it with salt. The hills, the river, the colourful boats and the fish processing activities make a visit to Tadadi interesting if you can tolerate the strong odour.
Tadadi is famous for fishes like Ghingha ( prawns )Bangade, shevtta, Taarlee, Belunje, Ravas, Belunje, Khubbe, Tesriya, Sharmaie and Sondale.
Tadadi is reachable by Kumta Railway Station, Honnavar Railway Station, Gokarna Road (Railway Station, Ankola Railway Station. Its main Village Panchayat is Gokarn Panchayat.
There are no collages in the village.
Nearby cities: Hanehalli-Bankikodla twin villages of North Kanara (ಹನೇಹಳಎಂಬ ಜಗತ್ತು), Kumta ಕುಮಟಾ, Honnavar
Coordinates: 14°32'3"N 74°22'36"E
Tadadi Port.
Tadadi is a minor fishing port located at the mouth of Aghanashini River, Uttara Kannada District in the Indian state of Karnataka.
The port has an effective vast waterfront area, where minerals, forests, agricultural and marine wealth are in abundance.
The proposed power projects at Tadari is being opposed on environmental grounds by farmers and fishermen, who believe that they would lead to pollution of rivers Kali and Agnashini. Fishermen feel that these projects would lead to reduction in fish catch. Sea erosion is a problem in the coastal belt.
The Port lies at the mouth of Aghanashini, about 54 km north of Honnavar. Tons of silica sand was exported through this port.
Language and Religion.
The Main Languages spoken in this district is Kannada, Konkani, Urdu, Marathi. Kannada is the predominant language of the district, followed by Konkani which is also widely spoken. Marathi is also widely understood due to the prevalence of Marathi literature and arts in this area. Urdu, Hindi and English are also used in social communication.
Famous Dargah is situated near the banks of Tadadi, Tomb believed to be built in the 17th Century of the saint from the clans of Peer Shan Shamsuddin Kharobat whose tomb is situated in Sadashivgad, Karwar, Uttara Kannada. This is a place of Harmonious Existence of two different cultures and religions. A Muslim grave yard & a Mosque is situated next to the Dargah.
Ambijalinga Temple is also located in Tadadi built by local fishermen.
Cuisine.
Tadadi is famous for fishes like Prawns (Gingha),Bangade, shevtta, Taarlee, Belunje, Ravas, Belunje, Khubbe, Tesriya, Sharmaie and Sondale. 
Uttara Kannada is famous for a variety of seafood delicacies. Fish curry and rice is the staple diet of the locals, Cashews and Coconut.
The staple diet includes a portion of steamed Rice and a vegetable and/or seafood accompaniment/ dired fish. Seafood is immensely popular due to its ease of availability, and is prepared with a lot of local spices.
Coconut & Coconut Milk is part of cuisine, Coconut is used extensively in all foods.

</doc>
<doc id="20872540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872540" title="Zé Ramalho da Paraíba">
Zé Ramalho da Paraíba

Zé Ramalho da Paraíba is a compilation of rare songs by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho in 2008. Most of the tracks were recorded live, in a time they were still unknown. Avôhai (a tribute to Ramalho's grandfather), for example, was performed only three days after his death (as said in the beginning of the song), but became a hit single years after.
Track listing.
All music & lyrics by Zé Ramalho, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20872587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872587" title="The Phantom Stockman">
The Phantom Stockman

The Phantom Stockman is a 1953 Australian western film written and directed by Lee Robinson and starring Chips Rafferty, Victoria Shaw, Max Osbiston and Guy Doleman.
It was Lee Robinson's first feature.
Synopsis.
A young heiress to a cattle station, Kim Marsden, becomes convinced her father was murdered. She sends for a bushman called the Sundowner and his aboriginal offsider, Dancer. 
They discover that the person behind the murder is Kim's neighbor, Stapleton, who is in league with some cattle rustlers and is romantically interested in Kim. The rustlers kidnap Sundowner but he uses telepathy to get Dancer to come to his rescue. Kim is united with her true love, McLeod.
Production.
Chips Rafferty and Lee Robinson decided to make the film after both had failed to raise finance for individual projects. Rafferty wanted to make a £120,000 13-part series and film, "The Green Opal", about immigration problems. Robinson wanted to make a thriller, "Saturday to Monday" which later became "The Siege of Pinchgut". Both were stymied by a government rule at the time which prohibited invent in non-essential industry over £10,000. Robinson and Rafferty decided to make a film that cost under £10,000. They were joined by cinematographer George Heath and formed Platypus Productions. Said Rafferty at the time:
We nutted it out this way. What's the good of imitating English and American pictures when we can get into places these foreign production units can't reach for sandflies and skeeters? We'll pick locations and backgrounds the world knows nothing about. We'll study them for dramatic values. But we're not buying stories. The stories will just come
out of our heads and still leave enough wood to make chairs.
The film was originally known as Dewarra, then The Tribesman. Charles Tingwell was meant to play a role but was unable to fit it in his schedule and was replaced by Guy Doleman. Jeanette Elphick, 1952 model of the year, was cast in the lead.
It was shot around Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia starting July 1952. Several days shooting were lost due to unexpected rain. Interiors were shot in Sydney.
The painter Albert Namatjira appeared as himself in the film. Lee Robinson had previously made a documentary about Namitjira called "Namatjira the Painter".
Release.
Rafferty and Robinson managed to sell the Pakistan, India, Burma and Ceylon rights for £1,000. While filming "The Desert Rats" in Hollywood, Rafferty sold the American rights for $35,000, then the English rights for £7,500. The costs were recouped before the film had even been shown in Australia and Rafferty and Robinson were launched as producers. Heath left the team and tried to get up his own film called "The Jackeroo" but was unsuccessful.
In the United States it was released as "Return of the Plainsman" whilst the working title was "The Sundowner". In Britain the movie was known as "Cattle Station".
Elphick later went to Hollywood and enjoyed a successful career under the name "Victoria Shaw".

</doc>
<doc id="20872603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872603" title="Vikas engine">
Vikas engine

The Vikas is a liquid fueled rocket engine built by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). It was developed by Nambi Narayanan and his team during the 1970s. It is used in the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) and the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) series of expendable launch vehicles for space launch use. It is similar to the Viking.
The engine is used as the second stage of both the PSLV and the GSLV launch vehicles, with four strap-on boosters. The engine is also capable of gimballing. The GSLV MK-3 rocket uses two Vikas engines in its core stage. The propellant loading for GSLV MK-3 vikas engines is 55 tons compared to 40 tons for regular GSLV and PSLV rockets.
Technical details.
The engine carries about 40 metric tons of UDMH as fuel and Nitrogen tetroxide (N2O4) as oxidizer with a maximum thrust of 725 kN. An up-graded version of the engine has a chamber pressure of 58.5 bar as compared to 52.5 bar in the older version and produces a thrust of 800kN.

</doc>
<doc id="20872604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872604" title="2009 Denver Broncos season">
2009 Denver Broncos season

The Denver Broncos season was their 40th season in the NFL and 50th season overall. The Broncos matched their 8–8 regular season record from 2008, but did not make the playoffs. The Broncos welcomed many new defensive players signed during free agency, including veteran Eagles safety Brian Dawkins. This was their first season without head coach Mike Shanahan since , as he was fired on December 30, 2008. On January 12, 2009, Denver hired former New England Patriots' offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels as their new head coach. At the time of his hiring, McDaniels was the youngest head coach in any of the four major North American professional sports and the fifth-youngest NFL head coach ever, though less than a week later the Tampa Bay Buccaneers named the even-younger Raheem Morris as their head coach.
According to the "2012 Football Outsiders Almanac", the 2009 Broncos had the second-largest improvement in defensive efficiency from the previous season.
Offseason.
2009 draft class.
After finishing the 2008 season with a 8–8 record, the Broncos hold the 12th selection in the 2009 NFL Draft. On April 2 Denver acquired the Chicago Bears' first and third round draft picks in a trade for quarterback Jay Cutler (see below).
Jay Cutler controversy.
After head coach Josh McDaniels was hired, rumors eventually surfaced that a there was a three-way trade involving McDaniels' former team, the New England Patriots, and a third potential team (Detroit Lions or Tampa Bay Buccaneers) that would have sent quarterback Jay Cutler to the Lions or Buccaneers and Denver would receive Matt Cassel, who worked with McDaniels during the previous season, from New England. After the trade talks surfaced, Cutler was angered and infuriated by the rumors because he didn't think he was going to be traded, and he refused to talk with either McDaniels or general manager Brian Xanders after both had denied the rumors.
Several teams became interested in trading for Cutler after it was apparent he was upset about this situation, though McDaniels had stated, "We are not trading Jay Cutler-Period." McDaniels insisted that Cutler is their quarterback.
On March 11, 2009, Cutler and McDaniels agreed to meet for the first time since the incident. After having a conference call between them, sources said that the two sides drifted further apart, although the team refused to comment. Cutler eventually requested to be traded some time afterward, feeling that the "trust" between the organization and himself were all but gone, and missed one of Denver's voluntary training camps.
On April 2, 2009, Denver traded Cutler, along with their 5th round pick (140th overall) in the 2009 NFL Draft, to the Chicago Bears in exchange for their 1st round and 3rd round (18th and 84th overall respectively) picks in 2009, their 1st round pick in the 2010 NFL Draft, and quarterback Kyle Orton.
On June 12, 2009, the Broncos named Orton as their starting quarterback. This ended speculation of a competition between Orton and Chris Simms. However, within three days, wide receiver Brandon Marshall wanted out of Denver and demanded a trade. On April 14, 2010, Marshall was traded from the Denver Broncos to the Miami Dolphins for a second round pick in the 2010 NFL Draft and a second round pick in the 2011 NFL Draft.
Regular season.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at Cincinnati Bengals.
The game began with little action. Denver and Cincinnati both traded possessions to begin the game. However, on the Bengals' second possession they were able to drive deep into Denver territory, reaching the 11-yard line before setting up for a short field goal. However, the field goal snap was fumbled. After the flubbed field goal, both teams entered a period of offensive ineptness – Denver had four consecutive one-and-done drives, while Cincinnati was forced to punt, then had a promising drive end with a Carson Palmer interception after Denver cornerback Champ Bailey tipped the ball into the air and Wesley Woodyard recovered the interception. Denver was finally able to put together a drive at the end of the first half that finished with a Matt Prater 48-yard field goal as time ran out. Despite being out-gained in all offensive indicators, Denver took a 3–0 lead into halftime due to Cincinnati mistakes, including the fumbled field goal, interception, and multiple dropped passes.
During the third quarter, neither team was able to sustain an offensive drive – Cincinnati punted 3 times, while Denver punted 2 times. However, Denver's defense showed improvement, including one Cincinnati drive that ended after two consecutive sacks of Carson Palmer. Denver was able to put together another field goal drive at the end of the third quarter, with Matt Prater this time kicking a 50-yard field goal to put the Broncos on top 6–0.
The fourth quarter continued in much the same vein. Denver made it into field goal range again before a 5-yard penalty and 7-yard sack forced them to punt it away again. However, Cincinnati was able to put together their first sustained drive of the entire game during the second half of the quarter – the Bengals gained 90 yards on 11 plays over 5:40. This culminated with a 1-yard Cedric Benson touchdown run that avoided a Bengals shutout and put them on top for the first time.
Denver regained control of the ball at their own 13-yard line with 38 seconds remaining. After an incomplete pass, Kyle Orton attempted a pass to Brandon Marshall with 28 seconds remaining. The ball was tipped into the air by Bengals defensive back Leon Hall and into the hands of Denver wide receiver Brandon Stokley, who then took it untouched 87 yards to the end zone with 11 seconds remaining. Records showed that this was the longest play from scrimmage in NFL history with less than 1 minute remaining in the game. The play was referred to by some as "The Immaculate Deflection" after The Immaculate Reception. Denver took a 12–7 lead but failed a two-point conversion. A desperation hail mary pass by Carson Palmer was intercepted in the end zone with 5 seconds to play by Denver tight end Tony Scheffler.
Week 2: vs. Cleveland Browns.
Coming off their last-second victory over the Bengals, the Broncos would play their Week 2 home opener against the Cleveland Browns. In the first quarter, Denver would trail early as Browns kicker Phil Dawson got a 22-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Broncos took the lead as quarterback Kyle Orton completed a 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Tony Scheffler. Cleveland would creep close as Dawson made a 47-yard field goal, but Denver would answer as kicker Matt Prater got a 23-yard field goal in the second quarter and a 38-yard field goal in the third quarter. In the fourth, the Broncos pulled away as fullback Peyton Hillis got a 2-yard touchdown run and running back Correll Buckhalter got a 45-yard touchdown run.
With the win, Denver improved to 2–0.
Week 3: at Oakland Raiders.
After Oakland began the game with a 3-and-out, Denver sustained a long drive deep into Oakland territory. However, the Raiders orchestrated a successful goal-line stand, forcing Denver to turn the ball over on downs after a fourth-and-goal from the 1-yard line was stopped. Two plays later, however, Raiders quarterback JaMarcus Russell was intercepted by Denver safety Renaldo Hill after throwing from his own end zone. The Broncos then drove 23 yards in 6 plays, scoring on a 2-yard Kyle Orton pass to Brandon Marshall. The next Raiders drive lasted just 3 plays after Russell was intercepted again, this time by Broncos cornerback Andre Goodman. This led to a 48-yard field goal by Broncos kicker Matt Prater, giving them a 10–0 lead going into the 2nd quarter.
Oakland's first drive of the second quarter was also their most successful. They went 56 yards in over 8 minutes, leading to a 48-yard Sebastian Janikowski field goal. Denver then drove 76 yards, although Oakland again held Denver out of the end zone, leading to a 21-yard Prater field goal and giving the Broncos a 13–3 lead going into halftime. Denver then opened the half with another scoring drive, this time going 80 yards in 8 plays and scoring on a 7-yard run by rookie running back Knowshon Moreno. It was the first touchdown of Moreno's NFL career. Oakland was forced to punt on their next drive. However, on Denver's first play from scrimmage, running back Correll Buckhalter fumbled the ball at their own 16-yard line, giving Oakland the ball in Denver territory for just the 3rd time on the day. However, 2 plays later, Raiders running back Darren McFadden fumbled the ball for the second time on the day (the first time was recovered by Oakland), giving Denver the ball back at their own 11. They then drove 88 yards in 16 plays and over 8 minutes, although the Raiders again held them out of the end zone, leading to a Prater 24-yard field goal.
The Broncos won the game primarily on the strength of their running game and the defense. Correll Buckhalter ran 14 times for 108 yards, while rookie Knowshown Moreno ran 21 times for 90 yards. Overall, the Broncos had 215 yards rushing on the day. The defense held the Raiders to just 137 total yards and 9 first downs, caused 2 interceptions and 1 fumble, and also sacked JaMarcus Russell 3 times, 2 of them by star defensive end Elvis Dumervil (who had 4 in the previous game against the Cleveland Browns). Russell had just 61 yards passing on 21 attempts with 2 interceptions, giving him a quarterback rating of 22.6. Kyle Orton had 157 yards passing on 23 attempts with 1 touchdown and 0 interceptions, giving him a respectable 92.1 rating.
With the win, Denver improved to 3–0.
Week 4: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
Coming off their divisional road win over the Raiders, the Broncos went home for a Week 4 interconference duel with the Dallas Cowboys. Denver would struggle out of the gates in the first quarter, as Cowboys kicker Nick Folk got a 49-yard field goal and running back Marion Barber would acquire a 1-yard touchdown run. The Broncos would start to gain some momentum in the second quarter with quarterback Kyle Orton's 9-yard touchdown pass to rookie running back Knowshon Moreno. After a scoreless third quarter, Denver would take command of the game in the fourth quarter. The Broncos would get a 28-yard field goal from kicker Matt Prater, followed by Orton's 51-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Brandon Marshall. Afterwards, the defense would manage to hold off a late Dallas drive that actually made it to their 1-yard line.
With the win, the Broncos would acquire their first 4–0 start since 2003.
Week 5: vs. New England Patriots.
Coming off of a home win against the Cowboys, the Broncos stayed at home, donned their throwback uniforms, and prepared for a Week 5 AFL Legacy game with the New England Patriots. This would mark the highly anticipated match-up between Denver head coach Josh McDaniels and New England's head coach Bill Belichick.
The Broncos would trail in the first quarter as Patriots quarterback Tom Brady hooked up with wide receiver Wes Welker on an 8-yard touchdown pass, followed by kicker Stephen Gostkowski getting a 53-yard field goal. Denver would answer in the second quarter as quarterback Kyle Orton connected with wide receiver Brandon Marshall on an 11-yard touchdown pass, but New England would close out the half with Brady's 7-yard touchdown pass to tight end Benjamin Watson.
The Broncos would tie the game in the second half as kicker Matt Prater nailed a 24-yard field goal in the third quarter, followed by Orton finding Marshall again on an 11-yard touchdown pass in the fourth quarter. In overtime, Denver won possession and never relinquished possession as Prater booted the game-winning 41-yard field goal.
With the win, the Broncos improved to 5–0 for the first time since the team's Super Bowl run of 1998.
Week 6: at San Diego Chargers.
Coming off an impressive home win over the Patriots, the Broncos flew to Qualcomm Stadium, donned their throwbacks again, and played a Week 6 AFL Legacy game with the San Diego Chargers on Monday night. Even though the Chargers kicked off the first quarter with a 20-yard field goal from kicker Nate Kaeding, the Broncos immediately struck back with wide receiver Eddie Royal returned the kickoff 93 yards for a touchdown. San Diego would then close out the opening period with quarterback Philip Rivers hooking up with wide receiver Vincent Jackson on a 3-yard touchdown pass. Denver would take the lead in the second quarter with kicker Matt Prater making a 34-yard field goal, followed by Royal returning a punt 71 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, the Chargers closed out the half with Kaeding nailing a 44-yard field goal and running back Darren Sproles returning a punt 77 yards for a touchdown.
Even though San Diego increased their lead in the third quarter with Kaeding's 50-yard field goal, the Broncos regained it with quarterback Kyle Orton completing a 19-yard touchdown pass to tight end Tony Scheffler. In the fourth quarter, Denver closed out the game with Prater's 29-yard field goal and Orton's 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Brandon Stokley.
With the win, the Broncos went into their bye week at 6–0, which is the franchise's best start since their Super Bowl season of 1998.
Week 8: at Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off their bye week, the Broncos flew to M&T Bank Stadium for a Week 8 duel with the Baltimore Ravens. Denver would trail in the first quarter as Ravens kicker Steven Hauschka nailed a 43-yard field goal in the first quarter, followed by a 35-yard field goal in the second quarter. In the third quarter, the Broncos' deficit immediately climbed as cornerback Lardarius Webb returned the second half's opening kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown. Denver would answer with a 1-yard touchdown run from rookie running back Knowshon Moreno, Baltimore came right back with Haushchka booting a 31-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Ravens would pull away in the fourth quarter with quarterback Joe Flacco's 20-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Derrick Mason and running back Ray Rice getting a 7-yard touchdown run.
With the loss, the Broncos fell to 6–1.
Week 9: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Ravens, the Broncos went home for a Week 9 Monday night duel with the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers. Denver would begin the first quarter with kicker Matt Prater making a 40-yard field goal, yet the Steelers responded in the second quarter with safety Tyrone Carter returning an interception 48 yards for a touchdown.
The Broncos would regain the lead in the third quarter as defensive end Kenny Peterson forced a fumble during his sack of quarterback Ben Roethlisberger. It allowed rookie linebacker Robert Ayers to return the fumble 54 yards for a touchdown. However, Pittsburgh came right back with Roethlisberger's 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Hines Ward. Afterwards, the Steelers would pull away in the fourth quarter as Roethlisberger completed a 25-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Mike Wallace and a 3-yard touchdown pass to Ward.
Making an appearance during the game was American Nordic combined skier Johnny Spillane, a Steamboat Springs, Colorado native, who would go onto win three silver medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver three months later.
With the loss, Denver fell to 6–2.
Week 10: at Washington Redskins.
Trying to snap a two-game losing streak, the Broncos flew to FedEx Field for a Week 10 interconference duel with the Washington Redskins. In the first quarter, Denver struck first as quarterback Kyle Orton found wide receiver Brandon Marshall on a 40-yard touchdown pass. The Redskins would respond as quarterback Jason Campbell completed a 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Todd Yoder, yet the Broncos would answer with Orton going right back to Marshall again on a 75-yard touchdown pass. Washington would tie the game again in the second quarter with a trick play as punter Hunter Smith completed a 35-yard touchdown pass to fullback Mike Sellers. Denver would close out the half with a 24-yard field goal from kicker Matt Prater but on the previous play Orton (11/18 for 193 yards, 2 TDs) left the game with an ankle injury. This injury would prove costly not only in this game but the next for the Broncos. Chris Simms replaced Orton at quarterback but was unable to get anything going on offense for the Broncos, going a dismal 3/21 for 13 yards with 1 INT. After a scoreless third quarter, the Redskins would take the lead in the fourth quarter with a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Ladell Betts and a 35-yard field goal from kicker Shaun Suisham.
With their third-straight loss, the Broncos fell to 6–3.
Week 11: vs. San Diego Chargers.
In the first half, the Chargers got off to a great start when QB Philip Rivers got a 2-yard touchdown pass to WR Legedu Naanee. Then kicker Nate Kaeding hit a 28 and a 47-yard field goal. In the third quarter the Broncos scored their only points of the game when kicker Matt Prater got a 23-yard field goal, yet the Chargers replied and started to rally with RB LaDainian Tomlinson getting a 1-yard touchdown run, and in the fourth quarter Kaeding making a 28 then a 19-yard field goal, and finally FB Mike Tolbert ran 8 yards to the end zone for a touchdown (With PAT kick blocked).
With the fourth straight loss, the Broncos fell to a 6–4 record as the Chargers improved to a 7–3 record and took the divisional lead.
Week 12: vs. New York Giants.
Thanksgiving Day game
Trying to avoid a five-game losing streak, the Broncos went home for a Week 12 Interconference Duel against the New York Giants.
In the first quarter the Broncos got on the board with kicker Matt Prater making a 26-yard field goal and then a 32-yard field goal in the second quarter. The Broncos kept on top with RB Knowshon Moreno making a 1-yard touchdown run. After that Matt Prater made a 47-yard field goal to end the half. In the third quarter the Giants replied with kicker Lawrence Tynes nailing a 39 then a 52-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter Denver increased their lead with QB Kyle Orton making a 17-yard touchdown pass to WR Brandon Stokley, and Prater making a 24-yard field goal.
With the win, the Broncos improved to 7–4.
Week 14: at Indianapolis Colts.
Coming off a two-game winning streak, the Broncos headed to Lucas Oil Stadium to play the undefeated Colts. In the first half, the Colts jumped out to a 21–0 lead. Denver finally scored when Kyle Orton found Brandon Marshall in the end zone going to the locker rooms trailing 21–7. For most of the second half, the Colts offense sputtered. In a long drive, Orton found Marshall for his second touchdown, however, the two-point conversion was no good, making the score 21–16. Then the Colts offense got things going late in the fourth. After a long drive, Manning found Dallas Clark in the end zone for his third touchdown of the day, putting the Colts on top 28–16 with under three minutes left in the game. On a long fourth down, Orton found Marshall who lateraled the ball to a lineman who was tackled short of the first down. With the win, the Colts broke an NFL record with 23 straight wins. Though despite the loss, Broncos WR Brandon Marshall had a record of his own with 21 catches beating Terrell Owens' record.
Week 17: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
Going into week 17, Denver could have made the playoffs if they won in these scenarios-
1) A New York Jets loss and either a loss by the Baltimore Ravens or the Pittsburgh Steelers
OR
2) A New York Jets loss and a win by the Houston Texans
OR
3)A Baltimore Ravens loss and a Pittsburgh Steelers loss or a Houston Texans win.
Also, Denver could have made the playoffs even with a loss to Kansas City in these scenarios-
1) Losses by Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Houston, and the Jacksonville Jaguars
OR
2) Losses by Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Houston, and New York
OR
3) Losses by Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Jacksonville, and New York
OR
4) Losses by Pittsburgh, Houston, Jacksonville, and New York
OR
5) Losses by New York, Baltimore, Houston, Jacksonville, and the Miami Dolphins
In the days prior to the game, Coach Josh McDaniels got into an injury-related dispute with receiver Brandon Marshall and deactivated Marshall.
In the game, Chiefs' running back Jamaal Charles had a franchise record 259 yards rushing yards on 25 carries and two touchdowns (Including runs of 52 and 56 yards). Kyle Orton, who had thrown only 9 interceptions all year, threw 3: 2 to Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson, both returned for scores, and another in the end zone to Brandon Flowers. Orton did finish with a career high 431 yards through the air on 32/56 passing. Jabar Gaffney, replacing the inactive Brandon Marshall, had a career-high 14 receptions for 213 yards.
Both career days were empty, as the Chiefs beat the Broncos, ending their season at 8–8. The Broncos became the seventh team since the 1970 AFL-NFL merger to miss the playoffs after a 6–0 start and the first since the 2003 Minnesota Vikings.
Final standings.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20872621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872621" title="Gautam Vaghela">
Gautam Vaghela

Gautam Vaghela (born 1936) is an Indian artist.
His early art education was at the Sir Jamsetjee Jeejebhoy School of Art in Bombay and he later he went on to train in fresco and mural techniques in Banasthali, Rajasthan. From 1962 to 1994 he was associated with the Weaver's Service Centre at the government of India's Ministry of Textiles. He retired as Director, Coordination and Design Exports for the Centres and Indian Institutes of Handloom Technology. The W.S.C's had artists working closely with weavers for the development of modern textile designs, and it was at the Centre that Vaghela interacted with artists including K.G. Subramanyan, Prabhakar Barwe and Ambadas.
Vaghela has illustrated several books including "The Story of Dance: Bharata Natyam by Krishna Sahai" and "Another India: An Anthology of Indian Contemporary Fiction and Poetry" with British painter Howard Hodgkin. In more than four decades as an artist and designer, he has exhibited all over India and overseas, including at the 1966 Biennale de Paris and the 1967 São Paulo Art Biennial.

</doc>
<doc id="20872625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872625" title="2009 New England Patriots season">
2009 New England Patriots season

The 2009 New England Patriots season was the 40th season for the team in the National Football League and 50th season overall. They finished with a 10–6 record and a division title before losing to the Baltimore Ravens in the playoffs.
After missing the playoffs in 2008, the Patriots' offseason was marked by a number of front office, coaching, and personnel changes. Vice President of Player Personnel Scott Pioli, who had been head coach Bill Belichick's personnel director since 2000, departed to become the general manager of the Kansas City Chiefs, while offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels was named head coach of the Denver Broncos. Quarterback Matt Cassel, who led the team to 11 wins in 2008 after starter Tom Brady was injured, was traded to the Chiefs along with veteran linebacker Mike Vrabel in March. Defensive starters Tedy Bruschi and Rodney Harrison both retired, while All-Pro defensive end Richard Seymour was traded to the Oakland Raiders for a first round pick in the 2011 NFL Draft days before the start of the regular season.
In the season opener on Monday Night Football, the Patriots celebrated their 50th anniversary season with an American Football League "legacy game" against the Buffalo Bills. Down 11 points late in the fourth quarter, the Patriots would score two touchdowns to secure a victory in Brady's first game back from injury. In November, the 6–2 Patriots traveled to face the undefeated Indianapolis Colts; with a six-point lead late in the fourth quarter, the Patriots tried to convert a 4th and 2 situation inside their own 30-yard line but failed, setting up a Colts touchdown and the Patriots' third loss of the season. After losing another two games of three, the Patriots went on to win their next three games to secure a division title; the team also finished with their fourth perfect regular season record at home in seven years. With the third seed in the AFC playoffs, the Patriots faced the Baltimore Ravens at home in the Wild Card Playoffs. The Ravens opened a 24–0 lead in the first quarter and the Patriots could not recover, ending their season.
Offseason.
Staff changes.
With the Patriots' 2008 season ending more than a month before its 2007 season did, the month of January, reserved for playoff games in the prior five seasons, instead saw the departure of head coach Bill Belichick's top personnel executive in his first nine seasons in New England. Vice President of Player Personnel Scott Pioli accepted an offer to become the general manager of the Kansas City Chiefs, giving him final say over all of the team's football matters. Nick Caserio, the Patriots' director of player personnel, took over Pioli's duties of overseeing the Patriots' personnel and scouting departments, while former Tennessee Titans general manager Floyd Reese was given a multi-year contract to be a "senior football advisor." Meanwhile, assistant director of college scouting Jon Robinson was promoted to director of college scouting, and former assistant director of player personnel Jason Licht, who had moved from the Patriots to the Philadelphia Eagles and the Arizona Cardinals as a personnel executive, returned to the Patriots as director of pro personnel. National scout Bob Quinn was promoted to assistant director of pro personnel.
Belichick's coaching staff faced similar changes at the beginning of the 2009 offseason. Offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach Josh McDaniels agreed to become the head coach of the Denver Broncos, which at the time of his hiring made him the youngest head coach in the NFL. Wide receivers coach Bill O'Brien replaced McDaniels as quarterbacks coach, but no official replacement for offensive coordinator was named. Minnesota Vikings assistant special teams coach and offensive assistant Chad O'Shea replaced O'Brien as wide receivers coach. In addition, special teams coach Brad Seely agreed to join the Cleveland Browns as their assistant head coach/special teams coach under new head coach and former Patriots assistant Eric Mangini. Former Denver Broncos special teams coach Scott O'Brien was named as a replacement. On defense, special assistant/secondary coach Dom Capers joined the Green Bay Packers as their defensive coordinator and was replaced by defensive coaching assistant Josh Boyer as defensive backs coach. Boyer was replaced as a coaching assistant by Patrick Graham, who was a defensive graduate assistant for former Patriots assistant Charlie Weis at the University of Notre Dame before being hired by the University of Toledo as a defensive line coach weeks before joining the Patriots. Finally, tight ends coach Pete Mangurian joined the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as their offensive line coach after the season; offensive coaching assistant Shane Waldron replaced him. Scouting assistant Brian Ferentz replaced Waldron as an offensive coaching assistant.
Departures.
Quarterback Matt Cassel, who started 15 of the Patriots' games in 2008 after an injury to starter Tom Brady, was an unrestricted free agent after the season under the terms of his 2005 seventh-round draft pick contract. On February 5, the first day teams were allowed to place the franchise tag on a player, the Patriots assigned Cassel the non-exclusive version of the tag, tying up $14.65 million, the required amount of a one-year guaranteed tender, of their salary cap space. The tag allowed Cassel to negotiate with other teams, but any team signing Cassel to an offer sheet the Patriots refused to match would have had to surrender two first-round draft picks to the Patriots. Nevertheless, Cassel quickly agreed to the terms of the tag and signed it, putting him under contract with the Patriots for the 2009 season and guaranteeing him the tender salary, but also denying him the right to negotiate without permission. On February 28, the second day of free agency, Cassel and linebacker Mike Vrabel, who was in the final year of his contract, were traded to the Chiefs for the Chiefs' second-round draft pick in 2009 (#34 overall), in the first trade between Belichick and Pioli, his former colleague.
Prior to the start of free agency, the Patriots released wide receiver Kelley Washington and offensive lineman Billy Yates; Yates was re-signed days later to a revised contract. Unrestricted free agents, wide receiver Jabar Gaffney, long snapper Lonie Paxton, and running back LaMont Jordan all joined McDaniels and the Denver Broncos. Fullback Heath Evans signed with the New Orleans Saints and linebacker Larry Izzo signed with the New York Jets.
During the second day of the draft, cornerback Ellis Hobbs was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles for two 2009 fifth-round draft selections.
On June 4, safety Rodney Harrison, who became a free agent following the 2008 season, retired from football.
On August 17, the Patriots traded defensive lineman Le Kevin Smith to the Denver Broncos with a seventh-round pick in the 2010 NFL Draft acquired in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles (see below) in exchange for the Broncos' 2010 fifth-round pick, which became the selection that went to the Oakland Raiders in a prior trade. On August 25, the Patriots again traded with the Broncos, this time sending offensive lineman Russ Hochstein to the Broncos for the same seventh-round draft selection in the 2010 draft.
After playing in the team's first three preseason games as a reserve, linebacker Tedy Bruschi announced his retirement on August 31, after 13 seasons with the Patriots.
During final roster cutdowns, on September 5, the Patriots traded tight end David Thomas to the New Orleans Saints in exchange for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2011 NFL Draft, which later became a sixth-round pick.
The next day, the Patriots traded All-Pro defensive lineman Richard Seymour to the Oakland Raiders in exchange for a first-round selection in the 2011 NFL Draft.
Arrivals.
The Patriots signed a number players who had been released by their former teams: longtime Jacksonville Jaguars running back Fred Taylor, cornerbacks Shawn Springs and Leigh Bodden, tight end Chris Baker, wide receiver Joey Galloway, long snapper Nathan Hodel, and linebacker Tully Banta-Cain, who was a member of the Patriots from 2003 through 2006 before signing a free agent contract with the San Francisco 49ers. Center Al Johnson, offensive tackle Damane Duckett, safety Brandon McGowan, and linebacker Paris Lenon arrived via unrestricted free agency; only McGowan made the Patriots' opening roster. Free agents or potential free agents Eric Alexander, James Sanders, Russ Hochstein, Chris Hanson, Mike Wright, Tank Williams, Ray Ventrone, Pierre Woods, and Kenny Smith were all re-signed. Restricted free agent offensive tackle Wesley Britt was not offered a tender, making him an unrestricted free agent, but he was later re-signed. In August, offensive tackles Nick Kaczur and Mark LeVoir both received contract extensions through the 2012 and 2011 seasons, respectively. During the season, the team reached long-term contract extensions with linebacker Rob Ninkovich, guard Dan Connolly, wide receiver Sam Aiken, and linebacker Eric Alexander.
In the first week of the free agency, the Patriots traded their fifth-round pick in the 2009 NFL Draft to the Philadelphia Eagles for wide receiver Greg Lewis and the Eagles' seventh-round pick in the 2010 NFL Draft. Shortly after the draft, the Patriots acquired tight end Alex Smith from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in exchange for a fifth-round pick in the 2010 NFL Draft. Smith was released by the Patriots during roster cutdowns on September 5, while Lewis was released two days later.
On August 6, the Patriots acquired defensive end Derrick Burgess from the Oakland Raiders in exchange for third- and fifth-round selections in the 2010 NFL Draft. The Patriots, without a fifth-round selection at the time, originally sent a fourth-round pick to the Raiders with the condition it would become a fifth-round pick once the team acquired one. A fifth-round pick was then acquired in the Le Kevin Smith trade and sent to the Raiders instead of the fourth-round selection.
During final roster cutdowns, on September 5, the Patriots acquired tight end Michael Matthews from the New York Giants in exchange for a conditional draft choice in the 2011 NFL Draft. He was waived on October 20; the condition for the trade was not met, meaning the Patriots did not surrender their draft choice.
On September 22, in the third week of the season, the Patriots acquired linebacker Prescott Burgess from the Baltimore Ravens in exchange for a conditional seventh-round draft choice. He was waived by the Patriots six days later. Since the trade was conditioned on Burgess being active for a certain number of games, and since Burgess was inactive in the only game for which he was with the Patriots, the Patriots kept the pick.
2009 NFL Draft.
The Patriots traded their original fifth-round selection (#159 overall) to the Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for wide receiver Greg Lewis and a seventh-round pick in the 2010 NFL Draft.
Opening training camp roster.
As of the Patriots' first training camp practice at Gillette Stadium on July 30, they had the NFL maximum of 80 players signed to their roster (injured third-round pick Tyrone McKenzie, who was not signed until after training camp began, did not count against that limit until his signing). Additionally, rookies Eric Kettani and Tyree Barnes were on the Reserve/Military list and did not count against the limit.
Schedule.
Regular season.
†These four games were among the 16 that the NFL designated as "AFL Legacy Games" in honor of the 50th anniversary of the American Football League. The Patriots wore their throwback uniforms during those four games, as did the Bills, Broncos, and Titans (originally the Houston Oilers). (The Dolphins, not one of the original AFL teams having joined the league only in 1966, wore their standard uniforms.)
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Buffalo Bills.
In the first game of an ESPN Monday Night Football opening doubleheader, the Patriots faced the Bills at home in an American Football League "legacy game" honoring the 50th anniversary of the founding of AFL, which added ten teams to the NFL as part of the 1970 AFL–NFL merger. As two of the eight founding teams of the AFL, the Bills and Patriots celebrated their 50th anniversaries by wearing throwback uniforms from the AFL era, while the officials also wore red-striped uniforms such as those worn by AFL officials. Following a Patriots three-and-out to open the game, the Bills punted to give the Patriots the ball at their own 17-yard line. Nine players later, the Patriots were unable to convert on third down, setting kicker Stephen Gostkowski up for a 41-yard field goal try. He missed it wide right, giving the Bills the ball at their own 32-yard line. Bills quarterback Trent Edwards scrambled for 16 yards to move the Bills into Patriots territory before a Fred Jackson run gained another 16 yards. Jackson was filling in for suspended starter Marshawn Lynch; Patriots linebacker and 2008 Defensive Rookie of the Year Jerod Mayo suffered a sprained MCL on the play and did not return. The next play, a dump-off pass to Jackson, gained 21 yards and put the Bills in the red zone. Two plays later, Edwards hit rookie tight end Shawn Nelson for an 11-yard touchdown, giving the Bills a 7–0 lead. The Patriots next drive was a three-and-out, ending on an Aaron Schobel sack of quarterback Tom Brady on third down.
The Bills punted back to the Patriots early in the second quarter, setting the table for a 14-play, 72-yard Patriots drive that culminated on a 1-yard touchdown run by running back Fred Taylor to tie the game. Despite a 16-yard dump-off to Jackson on the Bills' next drive, they punted back to the Patriots before reaching midfield. On the very next play, a Brady pass intended for running back Sammy Morris was intercepted by Schobel and returned 26 yards for a touchdown, giving the Bills a 14–7 lead. Brady was more accurate on his next possession, throwing passes of 14 yards to tight end Benjamin Watson and wide receiver Wes Welker to move into Bills territory, and then hitting wide receiver Randy Moss on a 31-yard strike within the two-minute warning. The drive stalled in the Bills' red zone, and the Patriots were forced to settle for a 20-yard Gostkowski field goal as the first half expired, cutting the Bills' lead to 14–10.
Aided by more Jackson yardage and a 15-yard roughing the passer penalty on Vince Wilfork, the Bills moved close to midfield on the opening drive of the second half before punting and pinning the Patriots at their own 3-yard line. The Patriots would advance to the Bills' 36-yard line on 12 plays, but an incomplete pass on third down set up a fourth down conversion try, which failed on another incomplete pass. Three plays later, Edwards hit new target Terrell Owens for the first time in the game, good for 27 yards to put the Bills in Patriots territory. However, a run for a loss and a Tully Banta-Cain sack of Edwards set up a 3rd-and-20 situation, where the Bills failed to convert, forcing a 40-yard Rian Lindell field goal. After a punt, the Patriots began an 11-play drive that spanned into the fourth quarter, ending it on a 28-yard Gostkowski field goal that cut the Bills' lead to 17–13. The Bills responded by embarking on a 14-play, 62-yard drive that took more than six minutes off the clock and extended the Bills' lead to 24–13 on a 10-yard Jackson touchdown on a dump-off from Edwards. With 5:25 remaining in the game and down by 11 points, the Patriots shifted into their two-minute, pass-only offense, moving the ball 81 yards on 11 plays in 3:26 and scoring on an 18-yard Watson touchdown pass from Brady. The Patriots' two-point conversion try failed, keeping them within five points of the Bills.
On the ensuing kickoff, Bills second-year returner Leodis McKelvin chose to return the kickoff out of the end zone, despite having his team's onside kick return unit on the field. Safety Brandon Meriweather hit McKelvin at the Bills' 31-yard line, which allowed linebacker Pierre Woods to come in from the side and strip McKelvin of the ball. Gostkowski recovered it at the same spot. Following the two-minute warning, the Patriots offense came back out onto the field. On the third play of the drive, Brady hit Watson on a nearly identical end zone route for a 16-yard touchdown, which was upheld by official review. The Patriots two-point attempt failed again, holding their lead to one point over the Bills. With 45 seconds remaining, the Bills began their next drive and were able to reach their own 40-yard line before another Banta-Cain sack pushed them back to the 30-yard line. The next play was a last-minute deseperation multiple-lateral play that fell short for the Bills, giving the Patriots a 25–24 win, their first victory of the season.
Week 2: at New York Jets.
Following their close home win over the Bills, the Patriots traveled to face the Jets in the final regular season matchup between the teams in Giants Stadium. In the week prior to the game, first-year Jets head coach Rex Ryan placed a phone message to all Jets season ticket holders asking them to "make it miserable for (Tom) Brady and company," following up on his comments during the offseason that he would not "kiss Bill Belichick's Super Bowl rings." He told the Jets fans that "the Patriots had a better head coach and a better quarterback," but that the game would decide "who has a better team." Meanwhile, Jets safety Kerry Rhodes said the Jets intended on not just winning, but "embarrassing" the Patriots in the game, while nose tackle Kris Jenkins called it the Jets' version of the Super Bowl; the Jets had not defeated the Patriots at home since 2000. On the first drive of the game, without an injured Welker, the Patriots drove to the Jets' 36-yard line before having to punt. The Jets' first play from scrimmage was a strip-sack of rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez by defensive lineman Mike Wright; Sanchez recovered the fumble at the Jets' 3-yard line. On 4th-and-24, the Jets punted back to their own 49-yard line; the Patriots could not capitalize on the field position and went three-and-out. However, Jets running back Leon Washington fumbled on the next play; cornerback Leigh Bodden recovered it at the Jets' 17-yard line. Two holding penalties would push the Patriots back to the Jets' 37-yard line, setting up a 45-yard Gostkowski field goal to give the Patriots a 3–0 lead. Following a Jets three-and-out, the Patriots moved to their own 41-yard line before Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis intercepted a pass intended for Moss at the Jets' 16-yard line. The Jets offense would continue to struggle, however, going three-and-out again to end the first quarter.
The Patriots began the second quarter with a 9-play, 53-yard drive, one that stalled at the Jets' 7-yard line; the Patriots settled for another Gostkowski field goal, extending their lead to 6–0. The Jets would pick up their initial first down of the game on their next possession, going 52 yards on 10 plays before a Jay Feely 33-yard field goal cut the Patriots' lead in half. Starting from their own 10-yard line after a holding penalty on Sam Aiken on the kickoff, the Patriots took nearly six minutes off the clock, reaching the Jets' 11-yard line before two incomplete passes by Brady prevented the Patriots scoring their first touchdown of the game. Instead, Gostkowski kicked his third field goal of the day to increase the Patriots' lead to 9–3 going into halftime. Receiving the opening kickoff of the second half due to their deferral of the opening coin toss, the Jets took the lead in barely a minute. Following a 43-yard kick return by Washington, Sanchez hit wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery for 45 yards and a play later connected with tight end Dustin Keller on a 9-yard touchdown pass. The 10–9 lead was the first for the Jets over the Patriots at home since 2001. After a Patriots three-and-out, punter Chris Hanson's 30-yard punt gave the Jets the ball at the Patriots' 45-yard line. From the Patriots' 6-yard line, Sanchez appeared to throw a touchdown pass to Chansi Stuckey, but the catch was overturned after the Patriots challenged. Two plays later, Feely hit his second field goal of the day to give the Jets a 13–9 lead.
The Patriots' ensuing possession reached the Jets' 35-yard line on a third down, but back-to-back delay of game penalties on Brady, an incomplete pass, and a facemask penalty on Moss on the punt backed the Patriots up to their own 40-yard line. However, Hanson's subsequent attempt was better than the first, nullified by the penalty, and the Jets began their next drive from their own 15-yard line. On a 14-play, 63-yard drive that spanned into the fourth quarter, the Jets extended their lead to 16–9 on a 39-yard Feely field goal. The Patriots started their next drive from their own 15-yard line as well, but were unable to reach midfield before punting. A Jets three-and-out gave the Patriots another opportunity with five minutes remaining, but a Watson holding penalty in the middle of the drive helped set up a 2nd-and-20 situation and eventually another punt. Just before the two-minute warning, Sanchez was sacked, but a penalty on BenJarvus Green-Ellis on the ensuing punt meant the Patriots had to start their last drive of the game from their own 10-yard line. After a Julian Edelman 18-yard reception began it, four straight incompletions ended the drive and the game. The loss dropped the Patriots to 1–1, their first such record since the 2005 season. It also marked the first time that New England was held without a touchdown since December 10, 2006.
Week 3: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
Looking to avoid back-to-back losses, the Patriots returned home to face the Atlanta Falcons, missing Welker for the second straight game. The Falcons moved the ball 72 yards on their 12-play opening drive, but settled for a 26-yard Jason Elam field goal after being stopped on 3rd-and-3 from the 8-yard line. The Patriots responded with a 15-play drive of their own, beginning with a 19-yard dump-off pass to Morris. No other play on the drive would go for more than 9 yards, and the Patriots themselves were stopped short of a touchdown, with wide receiver Joey Galloway catching a pass with his foot out of bounds in the back of the end zone on what would have been a 7-yard touchdown pass. Instead, the Patriots could not reach further than the Falcons' 2-yard line and settled for a 21-yard Gostkowski field goal to tie the game. The Falcons next drive was a three-and-out that began the second quarter, with a 29-yard Michael Koenen punt and a 5-yard penalty on the Falcons giving the Patriots the ball at their own 49-yard line. After two pass attempts, Taylor had runs of 8, 19, 6, and 8 yards, with the final rush good for a touchdown and a 10–7 Patriots lead. Beginning their next drive from their own 41-yard line after a 33-yard return by Eric Weems, the Falcons moved into Patriots territory on one play before an apparent strip-sack of second-quarter quarterback Matt Ryan by safety Brandon McGowan; the Falcons challenged the ruling (which included a touchdown return by cornerback Shawn Springs) and won, as Ryan's arm was going forward when he lost the ball. Another Jenkins reception, this one for 21 yards, moved the Falcons deeper into Patriots territory before running back Michael Turner ran for a 2-yard touchdown that tied the game. Following a Patriots three-and-out, the Falcons again moved into Patriots territory, but a Turner fumble at the Patriots' 27-yard line, forced by McGowan, was recovered by safety James Sanders with just under four minutes remaining in the half. The Patriots' 12-play drive brought them into the red zone, but a dropped pass by Galloway just outside of the end zone and an incompletion to wide receiver Sam Aiken in the end zone forced a 33-yard Gostkowski field goal that gave the Patriots a 13–10 lead going into halftime.
The Patriots began where they left off at the start of the second half, embarking on a 13-play drive that entered into the red zone on a 23-yard Watson catch. However, the Patriots' offense stalled in the red zone again, with two incomplete passes to Moss setting up a 22-yard Gostkowski field goal. Ryan and Jenkins continued to connect on the Falcons' ensuing drive; a 26-yard reception put the Falcons in Patriots territory and then a 36-yard touchdown pass was nullified on a pass interference penalty on Jenkins. With a subsequent false start penalty, the Falcons were pushed back into Patriots' territory and eventually forced to punt. The Patriots next drive spanned 70 yards on 16 plays and was kept alive on a 4th-and-1 conversion from the Patriots own 24-yard line. Again, it did not involve a touchdown though, as Gostkowski kicked a 33-yard field goal to extend the Patriots' lead to 19–10 early in the fourth quarter. After an exchange of three punts, the Patriots began a 6-play drive that resulted in their first passing touchdown of the day, a 36-yard reception by tight end Chris Baker that extended the Patriots lead to 26–10; it was also Brady's 200th career touchdown pass. After a Falcons three-and-out, the Patriots held the ball for the final 6:52 of the game to seal a 26–10 victory.
Week 4: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off their win over the Falcons, the Patriots stayed at home for a Week 4 matchup against the Baltimore Ravens. The opening kickoff was fumbled by Ravens returner Chris Carr and recovered by McGowan at the Ravens' 12-yard line. However, the Patriots could not capitalize on the field position, settling for a 32-yard Gostkowski field goal to give them an early 3–0 lead. The Ravens began their first drive from their own 19-yard line and advanced on a 15-play drive, capping it with a 20-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Joe Flacco to wide receiver Derrick Mason. The Patriots responded with a 14-play drive of their own, going 76 yards before Brady scored on a 1-yard quarterback sneak to re-establish a Patriots lead at 10–7. The Ravens reached midfield on their next drive with a 22-yard reception by tight end Todd Heap, but the drive stalled at the Patriots' 38-yard line, setting up a punt by Sam Koch that gave the Patriots the ball at their own 9-yard line. Similarly, the Patriots reached Ravens' territory before having to punt; Hanson's punt landed in the end zone for a touchback. On the second play of the Ravens' ensuing drive, left tackle Jared Gaither injured his head falling into Flacco during a block; while he had motion in his extremities, the game was stopped for 15 minutes as Gaither was loaded onto a stretcher and taken to the hospital for tests. The Ravens' drive finished as a three-and-out. The Patriots then went 63 yards on six plays, extending their lead to 17–7 on a 12-yard touchdown run by Morris. With just under four minutes remaining in the half, the Ravens mounted a drive that reached the Patriots' 17-yard line with 1:17 left; Flacco was intercepted by Bodden to prevent the Ravens from scoring again before halftime.
The Patriots first drive of the second half was aided by a 15-yard unsportsmanlike penalty on the Ravens' bench, but the Patriots were unable to capitalize as a Matt Light holding penalty and a Jarret Johnson sack of Brady forced a punt. Starting from their own 16-yard line, the Ravens advanced to their 45-yard line before a Wright sack of Flacco set up another punt. Kevin Faulk fielded the return but fumbled; Bodden recovered the fumble for the Patriots at their own 14-yard line. On the next play, Brady dropped back and was strip-sacked from his blind side by Terrell Suggs; defensive lineman Dwan Edwards recovered the fumble for the Ravens in the end zone for a touchdown, cutting the Patriots' lead to 17–14. Brady quickly recovered, hitting passes to Taylor for 13 yards, Aiken for 26 yards, and Moss for 20 yards to put the Patriots in the Ravens' red zone. Three plays later, Brady and Moss connected for their first touchdown of the season; the 14-yard strike extended the Patriots' lead to 24–14. The Ravens had similar success on his next drive, with Flacco hitting Mark Clayton on a 13-yard catch, Mason on a 20-yard catch, and then running back Ray Rice breaking a 50-yard rush to put the Ravens well into Patriots territory. A few plays later, Flacco kept pace with Brady on a 13-yard touchdown pass to running back Willis McGahee to cut the Patriots' lead to 24–21. The Patriots would control the ball for the next seven minutes, reaching the Ravens' 9-yard line on a second down. After two incomplete passes, the Patriots lined up in a field goal formation but the holder, Hanson, took a quick snap and passed to Baker, who had motioned outside of the formation. Baker was tackled around the first down marker, but was called for an illegal motion on the play. The Ravens challenged the ruling of a catch and the first down spot, as they would have declined the penalty if Baker had been short. The ruling was upheld and the Patriots took a 27–21 lead on a 33-yard Gostkowski field goal. After an exchange of three-and-outs, the Ravens mounted a drive with 3:32 left, reaching the Patriots' red zone with under a minute remaining. On third and fourth down, Flacco's passes fell incomplete to Mason and Clayton, ending the Ravens' hopes of a comeback. Brady then kneeled to hand the Ravens their first loss of the season and better the Patriots' record to 3–1.
Week 5: at Denver Broncos.
The Patriots traveled to Denver to face a fourth straight undefeated team, a stretch only matched by one other post-merger team (the 1986 Philadelphia Eagles). The game also marked the first time former Patriots assistant Josh McDaniels, who became the head coach of the Broncos in 2009, faced his former team. On the first drive of the game, the Broncos advanced to the Patriots' 30-yard line before Matt Prater attempted a 48-yard field goal; he missed wide right. With field position at their own 38-yard line, the Patriots moved into the red zone on a 35-yard dump-off to Morris. Three plays later, Brady and Welker connected on their first touchdown pass of the season; the 8-yard score gave the Patriots a 7–0 lead. Three plays later, Mayo, in his first game back from his knee injury, forced a fumble of Broncos running back Knowshon Moreno; McGowan recovered it at the Broncos' 43-yard line. After a 10-yard Morris run began the Patriots' ensuing possession, they lost two yards over their next three plays, setting up a 53-yard Gostkowski field goal (a career long) that extended the Patriots' lead to 10–0. Following a Broncos three-and-out, the Patriots had a three-and-out of their own; the punt was fumbled by returner Eddie Royal but recovered by Broncos cornerback Jack Williams and returned to the Broncos' 38-yard line. The Broncos then advanced into Patriots territory but were forced to punt again. This set up a Patriots drive that moved to the Broncos' 41-yard line before a failed third down conversion and an unnecessary roughness penalty on guard Logan Mankins pushed the Patriots back past midfield and forced a punt. Despite starting from their own 10-yard line with a sack, the Broncos quickly advanced into Patriots territory on Kyle Orton completions of 11, 10, and 13 yards plus a roughing the passer penalty on Ty Warren. More Orton completions resulted in an 11-yard touchdown pass to Brandon Marshall that cut the Patriots' lead to 10–7. With under five minutes remaining in the half, the Patriots mounted a 10-play, 74-yard drive, capping it off with a 7-yard touchdown pass to Watson, giving the Patriots a 17–7 lead going into halftime after Moss' first career interception on a last-second hail mary pass from Orton.
The Patriots began the second half with a three-and-out; the Broncos then moved 66 yards on 12 plays before their drive stalled at the Patriots' 6-yard line and Prater kicked a 24-yard field goal to cut the Patriots' lead to 17–10. Two plays later, Brady connected with Moss on a 36-yard pass, but the Patriots were unable to get past the Broncos' 22-yard line and there, Goskowski missed a 40-yard field goal. Following a Broncos punt, the Patriots mounted a 12-play drive that spanned into the fourth quarter; however, the drive began from the Patriots' 4-yard line and only reached the Broncos' 47-yard line, resulting in another punt. The Broncos' ensuing possession began from worse field position (the Broncos' 2-yard line) but 10 of its 12 plays were Orton passes, the last of which was another 11-yard Marshall touchdown catch that tied the game. Following two three-and-outs, the Patriots had the ball again at their own 30-yard line. The final play before the two-minute warning was a 19-yard Morris run to bring the Patriots close to midfield. Morris fumbled on his next run but tackle Nick Kaczur recovered it at the Broncos' 49-yard line. On the next play, Brady was strip-sacked by defensive lineman Vonnie Holliday; Broncos linebacker Elvis Dumervil recovered the fumble at the Patriots' 45-yard line with 1:37 remaining. However, the Broncos were forced to punt after a Banta-Cain sack and Brady kneeled to send the game into overtime.
The Patriots lost the overtime coin toss, and Gostkowski kicked off into the back of the end zone to spot the ball at the Broncos' 20-yard line. On an 11-play, 58-yard drive, the Broncos advanced to the Patriots' 22-yard line. Prater then kicked the game-winning field goal from 41 yards out to give the Broncos another win, bettering their record to 5–0 and dropping the Patriots to 3–2.
Week 6: vs. Tennessee Titans.
For the first time in 2009, the Patriots played a team with a loss on their record; the 0–5 Titans traveled to Foxborough to face the Patriots for an AFL Legacy game in an early season snowstorm. The Titans gained one yard on their first possession and went three-and-out; Edelman returned the 35-yard punt 35 yards to give the Patriots the ball at the Titans' 29-yard line. However, a third down sack by Kyle Vanden Bosch forced the Patriots to attempt a field goal, a 39-yarder that fell wide right. Following a Titans punt, the Patriots advanced past midfield before a 45-yard touchdown run by Maroney that gave the Patriots a 7–0 lead. After a Titans three-and-out, the Patriots moved into the red zone on a 48-yard pass from Brady to Welker, and then took a 10–0 lead on a 33-yard Gostkowski field goal. On the ensuing Titans possession, early in the second quarter, running back LenDale White fumbled at the Patriots' 41-yard line; it was recovered at the 35-yard line by cornerback Jonathan Wilhite. After crossing midfield, Brady connected with Moss on a 40-yard touchdown pass, extending the Patriots' lead to 17–0. On the next play from scrimmage, Titans quarterback Kerry Collins fumbled the snap; it was recovered by the Patriots' Wright at the Titans' 31-yard line. Two plays later, Moss caught a 28-yard touchdown pass from Brady, making the score 24–0. Three plays into the Titans' ensuing possession, Collins was intercepted by rookie cornerback Darius Butler at the Patriots' 35-yard line. Four plays later, Brady hit Faulk on a dump-off pass that went 38 yards for a touchdown. After a Titans three-and-out that ended in a 41-yard Reggie Hodges punt to the New England 21-yard line, Brady capped a 76-yard drive with a 30-yard touchdown pass to Welker immediately after the two-minute warning, giving the Patriots a 38–0 lead. The Titans went three-and-out again, but Hodges shanked the punt, which traveled only 21 yards. The subsequent 10-play, 49-yard drive ended in Welker's second touchdown, a 5-yard reception.
This gave the Patriots a 45–0 halftime lead, the largest in NFL history. It was also Brady's fifth touchdown pass of the quarter, an NFL record. The 45 points scored in the half were a team record, as were the 35 points scored in the second quarter. Brady's 345 passing yards and five touchdowns in the half were also team records.
Due to their deferral of the opening coin toss, the Patriots began the second half with possession. They advanced 65 yards on nine plays, with Brady throwing his sixth and final touchdown pass of the day to Moss, from 9 yards out. The six touchdowns tied a team record set by Brady in November 2007. The Titans moved into Patriots territory on a 48-yard run by Chris Johnson, but attempted to convert a 4th-and-10 from the Patriots' 17-yard line. On the play, Collins was chased 15 yards into his own backfield by rookie defensive tackle Myron Pryor; Collins managed to complete a pass to receiver Nate Washington—one of just two the Titans completed all game—who fumbled and recovered it another seven yards deep. As a result of this pass that officially lost 22 yards, the Patriots allowed a team record −7 "gross" passing yards on the game.
Undrafted rookie Brian Hoyer replaced Brady at quarterback and led a 12-play, 61-yard drive, ending in a 1-yard touchdown run by Hoyer to give the Patriots a 59–0 lead. Gostkowski's included extra point was his eighth of the game, tying his team record set in November 2007. The 59 points also set a Patriots team record, and the eight touchdowns tied another. Vince Young replaced Collins at quarterback for the fourth quarter, but had his first pass intercepted by rookie safety Pat Chung. The Patriots attempted on a fourth down conversion in the Titans' red zone on their ensuing possession but it failed. The Titans then advanced into Patriots territory before fullback Ahmard Hall fumbled; it was recovered by 40-year-old linebacker Junior Seau, who returned to the team in the days prior to the game. The Patriots' next play was a 5-yard run by Green-Ellis which gave the Patriots 599 total yards on the day, breaking the previous team record of 597 set in 1979. They would finish with 619 net yards; 426 of those were passing, tying a team record. Following a Titans punt, the Patriots and Titans kneeled to end the game at 59–0, improving the Patriots' record to 4–2 and keeping the Titans winless at 0–6. The 59–0 shutout tied the largest post-merger shutout and margin of victory with a 59–0 win by the Los Angeles Rams over the Atlanta Falcons in 1976.
Week 7: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Following their home win over the Titans, the Patriots flew to Wembley Stadium in London for the year's NFL International Series game against the winless Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Five plays into the game, Buccaneers quarterback Josh Johnson was intercepted by Meriweather, who returned it 39 yards for a touchdown. On the ensuing drive, the Buccaneers advanced to the Patriots' 33-yard line before Meriweather again intercepted a Johnson pass, this time at the Patriots' 15-yard line; he returned this one 31 yards. However, the Patriots could not capitalize on the turnover and went three-and-out. Following a Buccaneers punt, the Patriots began a drive with an end-around to rookie wide receiver Brandon Tate, who was active for his first NFL game after spending the first six weeks of the season on the Physically Unable to Perform list; the run went for 11 yards. Two plays later, Brady connected with Moss on a 37-yard pass, which was followed a few plays later with a 14-yard Welker touchdown reception that gave the Patriots a 14–0 lead. After a penalty on the kickoff, the Buccaneers began their next drive at their own 11-yard line and could not advance one yard before punting; the 43-yard punt was returned by Welker 24 yards. Starting from the Buccaneers' 30-yard line, the Patriots moved to the 11-yard line before Brady was intercepted by safety Tanard Jackson in the end zone early in the second quarter.
Following a Buccaneers three-and-out, Brady threw a short pass to Aiken that turned into a 54-yard scoring strike, extending the Patriots lead to 21–0. After another Buccaneers punt, Brady was intercepted by Aqib Talib on a deep pass intended for Brandon Tate; Talib returned it to the Buccaneers' 41-yard line. The 0–6 Buccaneers could not cross midfield though, and were forced into another three-and-out. On a 4th-and-2 from their own 46-yard line, the Patriots attempted a fake punt that was negated by a false start on Mankins; this set up a 26-yard Hanson punt. With less than three minutes remaining in the half, the Buccaneers drove into Patriots territory and then completed two passes to wide receiver Antonio Bryant; the second went for 33 yards and a touchdown, cutting the Patriots' lead to 21–7. The Patriots could not advance the ball on their ensuing drive and punted; two plays later, on the final play of the half, Butler intercepted Johnson at the Patriots' 11-yard line.
The Patriots began the second half with a 10-play, 73-yard drive that was capped off with a 35-yard touchdown pass to Watson from Brady. After an exchange of punts, the Buccaneers embarked on a drive that extended into Patriots territory but stalled at the 37-yard line, resulting in a punt. This was followed by two more three-and-outs, before early in the fourth quarter the Patriots completed a 10-play, 89-yard drive with a 1-yard Maroney touchdown run, increasing the Patriots' lead to 35–7. After another Buccaneers punt, the Patriots advanced past midfield before punting after the two-minute warning. On an ensuing 4th-and-7 conversion attempt, Johnson was strip-sacked by Derrick Burgess to set up two Patriots kneeldowns to end the game. The Patriots bettered their record to 5–2 entering their bye week, while the Buccaneers remained winless at 0–7.
Week 9: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Coming off their bye week, the Patriots returned home to face the Dolphins for the first time in the season. On the third play of the game, Brady attempted a deep pass to Moss; it was intercepted by rookie cornerback Vontae Davis at the Dolphins' 7-yard line and returned 15 yards. Six plays later, the Dolphins moved into Patriots territory on a 21-yard catch by tight end Joey Haynos from Chad Henne; after the catch, McGowan forced Haynos to fumble, but the ball went out of bounds at the spot of the catch, the Patriots' 39-yard line. On the next play, Henne appeared to have been strip-sacked by Banta-Cain, with linebacker Adalius Thomas returning it 59 yards for a touchdown. However, the Dolphins challenged that Henne's arm was moving forward and it was an incomplete pass and the play was reversed. Three plays later, a Dan Carpenter 52-yard field goal gave the Dolphins a 3–0 lead. The Patriots began their next drive at their own 37-yard line after offensive lineman Dan Connolly returned a short kickoff 16 yards. A few plays later, Brady connected with Moss on a 36-yard pass to the Dolphins' 1-yard line; Maroney then ran for a 1-yard touchdown to give the Patriots a 7–3 lead. On the ensuing possession, Henne found his other tight end, Anthony Fasano on a 20-yard strike to move into Patriots territory, but a "Wildcat" formation run by Ricky Williams for a loss and a sack by Chung moved the Dolphins out of field goal territory and forced a punt. The Patriots advanced to the Dolphins' 42-yard line on their next drive before punting on the final play of the first quarter.
Following a Dolphins three-and-out, the Patriots began an 11-play, 49-yard drive that reached the Dolphins' 11-yard line on first down before a short pass, and incompletion, and sack led to a Gostkowski field goal; the 30-yarder put the Patriots ahead 10–3. The Dolphins introduced rookie quarterback Pat White on their next drive, employing him as part of an option offense that first had White run for a 33-yard gain and later in the drive had White option to Williams for a 15-yard touchdown run, tying the game. Following a 34-yard punt return by Tate, the Patriots quickly moved back into Dolphins territory on completions of 14 yards to Faulk and 23 yards to Watson. However, a Watson pass interference penalty on a 17-yard Faulk reception pushed the Patriots back to the Dolphins' 35-yard line. Gostkowski would later kick a 38-yard field goal to re-establish a Patriots lead at 13–10. On their next drive, the Dolphins would punt shortly after the two-minute warning, setting up a 10-play, 70-yard Patriots drive that ended the half with a 34-yard Gostkowski field goal after Brady was again sacked in the red zone.
With possession and down 16–10 at the start of the third quarter, the Dolphins moved downfield on a 16-play drive that lasted more than ten minutes, eventually scoring on a 1-yard touchdown catch by Haynos from running back Ronnie Brown out of the "Wildcat," giving the Dolphins a 17–16 lead. Three plays later, Brady and Moss connected on a 71-yard touchdown pass and then again on the two-point conversion to re-take the lead at 24–17. The Dolphins would continue to employ both White and the "Wildcat" on their next drive, but it resulted in a Brandon Fields punt early in the fourth quarter. An exchange of punts consumed the next six minutes of the game, with the Dolphins choosing to use all three of their timeouts to gain back possession with 3:38 left. However, three straight incompletions and a penalty set up fourth down, when Henne again was unable to complete a pass from his own 27-yard line. The Patriots re-gained possession and ran the ball three times before Gostkowski kicked a 40-yard field goal to extend the Patriots' lead to 27–17. The game would end four plays later on a 23-yard Greg Camarillo reception to the Patriots' 23-yard line. The win bettered the Patriots record to 6–2 entering their matchup with the 8–0 Colts.
Week 10: at Indianapolis Colts.
For the second time in three seasons, the Patriots made a November visit to Indianapolis to face an undefeated Colts team. Both teams went three-and-out on their first possessions, setting up a Colts drive to begin from their own 10-yard line. After two 25-yard passes from Peyton Manning to tight end Dallas Clark and wide receiver Reggie Wayne, the Colts moved deep into Patriots territory. On a 3rd-and-11 from the Patriots' 15-yard line, running back Joseph Addai scored on a pass from Manning, capping the 8-play, 90-yard drive. The Patriots responded with a 55-yard Moss catch from Brady four plays later, setting up a 1-yard Maroney touchdown run to tie the game at 7–7. Following a Colts punt, the Patriots began their ensuing drive with a 29-yard Faulk run to move to the Colts' 42-yard line. Nine plays later, the Patriots found themselves in a 3rd-and-goal from the Colts' 4-yard line, but Brady was sacked by defensive end Robert Mathis. Gostkowski then hit a 31-yard field goal to give the Patriots a 10–7 lead early in the second quarter. After a Colts three-and-out, it took the Patriots two plays and less than a minute to score, with Brady connecting with Moss on a 63-yard touchdown pass, extending the Patriots' lead to 17–7. The Colts faced a 3rd-and-5 on their next drive, but Manning was sacked by Mayo to force another punt. On the next play, Watson caught a 36-yard pass from Brady, setting up a 9-yard touchdown catch by Edelman, the first of the rookie's career, four plays later. Down 24–7, the Colts embarked on an 8-play, 80-yard drive, cutting the Patriots' lead to 24–14 on a 20-yard touchdown reception by Wayne. An exchange of four punts ended the first half.
Due to their deferral of the opening coin toss, the Patriots had possession to begin the second half. They advanced to the Colts' 33-yard line before a Brady pass intended for Moss was intercepted by safety Antoine Bethea at the Colts' 14-yard line and returned 19 yards. However, four plays later, Manning himself was intercepted by Bodden at the Patriots' 24-yard line; an unsportmanlike conduct penalty on Bodden moved the Patriots back to their own 12-yard line. Despite this field position, the Patriots offense moved deep into Colts territory on a series of Brady passes and Faulk runs, eventually setting up a 2nd-and-2 from the Colts' 2-yard line. On the play, Maroney attempted to push a pile into the end zone, but in the process Colts linebacker Philip Wheeler forced him to fumble; it was recovered by fellow Colts linebacker Gary Brackett in the end zone for a touchback. The Colts could not capitalize on the turnover and were forced to punt. Welker returned the punt 69 yards to the Colts' 7-yard line, the longest Patriots punt return since 2001. Two plays later, on the second play of the fourth quarter, Moss caught his second touchdown pass of the night; the 5-yard reception gave the Patriots a 31–14 lead. However, the Colts offense advanced 79 yards on five plays on their ensuing possession, cutting the Patriots' lead to 31–21 on a 29-yard touchdown catch by Pierre Garçon. The Patriots punted on the next drive, but received the ball right back after Manning was intercepted by Wilhite on the next play, setting up a Patriots drive from the Colts' 31-yard line. The Patriots moved into the red zone but stalled there and were forced to settle for a 36-yard Gostkowski field goal, extending their lead to 34–21 with 4:17 remaining in the game.
On their ensuing possession, the Colts again advanced 79 yards for a touchdown, this time on six plays, the final one being a 4-yard Addai touchdown run, reducing the Patriots' lead to six points with 2:23 left in the game. The Patriots used a timeout before their first play, and in addition to a timeout used early in the third quarter, this left them with one remaining in the game. The Patriots next two plays failed to gain first down yardage, setting up a 4th-and-2 from their own 28-yard line. The Patriots used their final timeout before deciding to attempt to convert the fourth down. On the play, Brady motioned Faulk out of the backfield into the slot out of the shotgun, and then threw a quick pass to Faulk off the snap. Faulk caught the pass with the necessary yardage falling towards the sideline before being hit by safety Melvin Bullitt and pushed back towards the line of scrimmage. However, the officials ruled that Faulk bobbled the pass and did not have possession until Bullitt had pushed him behind the first down marker; if he had caught the ball cleanly his forward progress would have given the Patriots the first down with only one Colts timeout remaining. Further, the play began before the two-minute warning, and without any timeouts, Belichick was unable to challenge the spot of the ball on the field; if the play had occurred after the two-minute warning, there would have been the possibility for a booth review.
With two minutes remaining and possession at the Patriots' 29-yard line, Manning completed a 15-yard pass to Wayne before Addai gained another 13 yards, setting up 1st-and-goal from the 1-yard line with 36 seconds left in the game. The Patriots stopped Addai on his next run, but Manning threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to Wayne on the play after that, giving the Colts a 35–34 lead with 13 seconds remaining. After the kickoff, with nine seconds remaining, Brady completed a short pass to Welker, who lateraled to Watson, who was then tackled to end the game. The Patriots dropped to 6–3 and 1–3 in road games, while the Colts remained undefeated at 9–0. It was the fifth Patriots loss to the Colts in the previous six games between the two teams.
Week 11: vs. New York Jets.
Coming off their loss to the Colts, the Patriots returned home to face the Jets, who had lost six of their last eight games after defeating the Patriots in Week 2. After an exchange of punts to begin the game, the Patriots moved into Jets territory on their second drive with a 25-yard catch by Faulk. Two plays later, Edelman fumbled a direct snap as he went in motion, but recovered his fumble, setting up a 4th-and-1. Maroney then had a 2-yard run to convert, but on the next play fumbled; this time the Jets recovered it at their own 34-yard line. Four plays later, Sanchez was intercepted by Bodden at the Patriots' 47-yard line; Bodden returned the interception 53 yards for a touchdown, giving the Patriots a 7–0 lead. The Jets went three-and-out on their ensuing possession. The Patriots then began a 9-play, 76-yard drive, ending in a 4-yard touchdown pass from Brady to Moss, extending the Patriots lead to 14–0 on the final play of the first quarter.
After another Jets punt, from their end zone after a Banta-Cain sack, the Patriots began their next drive from their own 41-yard line. Seven plays later, Maroney ran in from two yards out to give the Patriots a 21–0 lead. Following a 44-yard kickoff return by Dwight Lowery, the Jets again turned the ball over, with Sanchez throwing his second interception of the game to Bodden, who returned it seven yards to the Patriots' 48-yard line. The Patriots' next drive again reached the red zone, but this time the Patriots could not score a touchdown and were forced to settle for a 26-yard Gostkowski field goal, giving the Patriots a 24–0 lead. Another Jets punt gave the Patriots the ball with just over two minutes remaining. With just under a minute left in the half, Hanson's punt attempt was blocked by Eric Smith and returned four yards for a touchdown by the Jets' Brad Smith. With 45 seconds remaining, the Patriots quickly advanced downfield, but a 40-yard Gostkowski field goal attempt with 15 seconds left in the half fell wide right, keeping the Patriots' lead at 24–7 going into halftime.
With possession at the start of the second half due to their deferral of the opening coin toss, the Jets moved 80 yards on 11 plays, scoring on a 29-yard pass from Sanchez to Cotchery. With a 10-point lead, the Patriots responded with an 11-play drive that reached the Jets' 49-yard line before sack eventually forced a punt. The Jets reached midfield on their next possession before punting as well, with Jets punter Steve Weatherford pinning the Patriots at their own 8-yard line. This forced another Patriots punt, on the first play of the fourth quarter, but the Patriots received the ball right back after Sanchez threw his third interception of the day, again to Bodden, at the Patriots' 26-yard line. The Patriots could not capitalize on the turnover though, and were again forced to punt. Three plays later, Sanchez threw his fourth interception of the game, this time to Meriweather, who returned it four yards to the Jets' 25-yard line. This set up an 8-play, 25-yard Patriots drive that ended in a 1-yard Maroney touchdown run, extending the Patriots' lead to 31–14. The Jets responded with a 37-yard kickoff return by David Clowney followed by a drive to the Patriots' 24-yard line. On a 1st-and-10, Sanchez was strip-sacked by Banta-Cain; the fumble was recovered by Burgess at the Patriots' 29-yard line. With 3:24 left in the game, the Patriots ran the clock down to 25 seconds before punting, giving the Jets the ball to end the game. With the 31–14 win, the Patriots improved their record to 7–3, while the Jets dropped to 4–6. Statistically, Welker had 15 catches for 192 yards on the game, second most in team history, trailing only Troy Brown's 16 receptions in an overtime game on September 22, 2002.
Week 12: at New Orleans Saints.
For the second time in three weeks, the Patriots went on the road to square off against an undefeated team; the 10–0 Saints entered the game with the most points scored in the league. After the Patriots deferred the opening coin toss, the Saints returned the opening kickoff to their own 35-yard line before a 33-yard pass from Drew Brees to wide receiver Devery Henderson on the game's first play put the Saints quickly in Patriots territory. However, the Patriots defense stopped the Saints on a 3rd-and-4 from the 15-yard line, setting up a 30-yard John Carney field goal. The Patriots responded by holding the ball for nearly eight minutes, advancing 80 yards on a 14-play drive that ended in a 4-yard touchdown run by Maroney on 4th-and-1, the second such conversion of the drive. The score put the Patriots ahead 7–3.
The Saints did not reach midfield on their next drive and punted; however, the Patriots turned the ball back over when on the ensuing play Brady was intercepted by cornerback Mike McKenzie, who returned it eight yards to the Saints' 41-yard line. Seven plays later, early in the second quarter, the Saints took a 10–7 lead when a Brees dump-off pass to running back Pierre Thomas resulted in an 18-yard touchdown. The Patriots could not reach midfield on their next possession and punted. On the ensuing play, Brees connected with Henderson on a 75-yard touchdown pass that extended the Saints' lead to 17–7. The Patriots faced a 3rd-and-12 early on their next drive, but Brady threw a 33-yard pass to Aiken to move the Patriots into Saints territory. The drive stalled at the Saints' 18-yard line, forcing a 36-yard Gostkowski field goal to cut the Saints' lead to 17–10. Four plays later, Brees hit former Patriots tight end David Thomas on a 25-yard pass before wide receiver Robert Meachem caught a 38-yard touchdown pass to give the Saints a 24–10 lead with just under two minutes left in the half. The Patriots' offense was able to reach the Saints' 32-yard line on first down with 35 seconds left, but advanced no further, setting up a 50-yard Gostkowski field goal attempt on fourth down that fell wide left.
With possession to begin the second half, the Patriots lost it when a 6-yard pass to Maroney, the first play of the half, resulted in a fumble by Maroney at the Patriots' 26-yard line. Saints defensive tackle Sedrick Ellis recovered the fumble and returned it seven yards before he too fumbled; Welker recovered the ball for the Patriots at that spot. Later in the drive, on 3rd-and-9 from their own 42-yard line, Brady hit Aiken on a 11-yard pass to convert; on the play, Brady passed Drew Bledsoe as the Patriots' all-time passing leader. Two plays later, Brady connected with Moss on a 47-yard pass down to the Saints' 2-yard line, setting up a 2-yard Maroney touchdown run that cut the Saints' lead to 24–17. However, the Saints responded on their next play with a 68-yard pass from Brees to wide receiver Marques Colston, setting up a 2-yard touchdown catch by tight end Darnell Dinkins two plays later, re-establishing a 14-point Saints lead. The Patriots moved down to the Saints' 10-yard on their next drive, but attempted to convert on 4th-and-4 from that spot instead of kicking a field goal; Brady's pass attempt to Moss fell incomplete.
The Saints' next drive spanned into the fourth quarter but ended on a punt from the Saints' own 35-yard line. The Patriots fared no better, going three-and-out on their ensuing possession. The Saints continued to build a lead when Brees ended a 9-play, 75-yard drive with a 20-yard touchdown pass to Colston. Down 38–17 with under eight minutes to go, the Patriots tried to mount a drive but two plays in, Brady was intercepted by safety Darren Sharper on a deep pass; Sharper returned it 38 yards to the Patriots' 25-yard line. However, the Saints could not convert a first down and Carney missed a 37-yard field goal wide right. With 5:26 remaining in the game and down 21 points, the Patriots replaced Brady with his backup, Hoyer, on their next possession; the Patriots went three-and-out. After a Saints punt, the Patriots held the ball for the final 1:52 of the game, ending it on an 8-yard sack of Hoyer. With the loss, the Patriots dropped to 7–4 on the season, and 1–4 in road games.
Week 13: at Miami Dolphins.
Coming off their Monday night loss to the Saints, the Patriots traveled to Miami to face the Dolphins with a two game lead in the division. The Patriots received the ball to start the game and six plays in, converted a 3rd-and-8 to keep the drive alive. On the next play, Brady threw a 58-yard touchdown pass to Moss to take an early 7–0 lead. Brady was injured on the play and went to the locker room but returned by the next offensive snap. In the mean time, the Dolphins' first possession reached the Patriots' 42-yard line before Henne was sacked by Banta-Cain and Mayo for a loss of seven yards. On the next play, the Dolphins used White in their "pistol" formation and attempted a play action option run, but White's option toss to Ricky Williams was errant and recovered by Williams for a loss of 13 yards. Following the Dolphins' punt, the Patriots began a 13-play, 80-yard drive with 6:41 left in the first quarter and did not surrender the ball until early in the second quarter, extending their lead to 14–0 on a 6-yard Faulk draw for a touchdown. The Dolphins responded with a 10-play, 88-yard drive of their own, including a 29-yard pass to Camarillo, that ended in a 13-yard touchdown pass from Henne to Davone Bess, cutting the Patriots' lead to 14–7. Despite a 16-yard Welker reception to begin the Patriots' next drive, they were forced to punt after four plays. The Dolphins again moved into Patriots territory on their ensuing possession, reaching the 49-yard line before Henne was intercepted by Meriweather at the Patriots' 19-yard line. Following a 19-yard return, a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty on Wilfork, and a false start penalty on Watson, the Patriots' next drive began at their own 18-yard line. The Patriots quickly moved into the red zone on a 58-yard Welker catch, but on a 4th-and-1 from the 6-yard line, the Patriots tried to convert, and Morris was stopped short of the first down marker. Off the turnover and with under two minutes remaining, the Dolphins moved 83 yards on 11 plays, cutting the Patriots' halftime lead to 14–10 on a 29-yard Carpenter field goal.
The Dolphins, who had deferred the opening coin toss, chose to receive at the start of the second half but went three-and-out. On the next play (after a penalty), Brady threw a short sideline pass to Aiken, who caught the ball over the defender and proceeded to run down the sideline for an 81-yard touchdown, extending the Patriots' lead to 21–10. It was the third 50+ yard completion of the game for Brady, a career first, and the third longest completion of Brady's career. He also eclipsed 30,000 career passing yards on the play. Following a 51-yard kickoff return by Ted Ginn, Jr., the Dolphins took two plays to reach Patriots territory. On a 3rd-and-4 from the Patriots' 46-yard line, Henne attempted a deep sideline pass to wide receiver Brian Hartline, who stopped and turned back to catch the ball but was taken down by Wilhite for a 37-yard defensive pass interference penalty. However, the Pats surrendered only three yards and forced the Dolphins to kick a field goal; Carpenter's 24-yard score cut the Patriots' lead to 21–13. After a Patriots three-and-out, the Dolphins continued to pressure the Patriots defense, moving 64 yards on 12 plays and cutting the deficit to two points on a 7-yard Hartline touchdown catch. The Dolphins attempted to tie the game on a two-point conversion pass attempt to Fasano, but the pass fell incomplete. The Patriots' next drive reached the Dolphins' 39-yard line, where the Patriots again attempted to convert a fourth down, this one with three yards to gain. The Patriots appeared to do so at first, as Welker caught a 13-yard pass from Brady, but the play was nullified by an Aiken offensive pass interference penalty. After another penalty on the first punt attempt, the second punt attempt by Hanson actually gave the Patriots a better break, pinning the Dolphins at their own 3-yard line at the end of the third quarter.
The Dolphins could not move past their 22-yard line on the ensuing possession and punted, giving the Patriots the ball at their own 39-yard line. After several quick first downs, the Patriots reached the red zone. However, a Brady pass attempt intended for Moss in the back corner of the end zone was intercepted by Vontae Davis for a touchback, maintaining a two-point deficit for the Dolphins. However, the Dolphins could not move a yard off the turnover and were forced to punt; the Patriots too went three-and-out. The Dolphins moved to the Patriots' 39-yard line on their ensuing possession, and like the Patriots, faced a fourth down with two yards to go. Henne's pass intended for Bess was broken up by Butler to turn the ball over on downs. However, the Patriots did not gain a yard, and in fact lost one yard on their next possession, setting up a Dolphins possession with 3:44 left in the game. The Dolphins moved 51 yards on 10 plays, reaching the Patriots' 23-yard line with just over one minute remaining. Carpenter then hit a 41-yard field goal to put the Dolphins ahead for the first time in the game, 22–21. Only needing a field goal, the Patriots tried to set up a Gostkowski attempt with under a minute to go, but three plays into their drive Brady was hit as he threw and was intercepted by linebacker Channing Crowder to seal a Dolphins victory. The back-to-back losses were a first for the Patriots since November 2006, and dropped their record to 7–5, while the Dolphins improved to 6–6 and within a game of first place in the division.
Week 14: vs. Carolina Panthers.
Coming off consecutive road losses, the Patriots returned home against the Panthers looking to avoid losing three straight games for the first time since 2002. After the Patriots deferred the opening coin toss, the Panthers received the ball to start the game and went three-and-out on their first possession. The Patriots reached the Panthers' 40-yard line on their next drive before attempting to convert a 4th-and-1; Morris was stopped short of the first down marker to turn the ball over. However, the Panthers and backup quarterback Matt Moore, playing for an injured Jake Delhomme, also went three-and-out on their ensuing possession. The Patriots responded by again advancing to the Panthers' 40-yard line before this time punting. After another Panthers punt, the Patriots turned the ball back over after Brady was intercepted by Chris Gamble on a short pass intended for Moss at the Patriots' 48-yard line. Two plays later, Moore connected with wide receiver Steve Smith on a 41-yard touchdown pass to give the Panthers a 7–0 lead. The Patriots next drive reached the Panthers' 37-yard line before Moss caught a pass from Brady but then fumbled it; the Panthers' Dan Connor recovered the fumble at the Panthers' 21-yard line. The Panthers, however, lost a net of one yard on their next drive and punted. This was followed by a Patriots three-and-out, a short Panthers drive and a punt, and another Patriots three-and-out. The Panthers then mounted a 10-play, 45-yard drive that ended on a missed 53-yard field goal attempt by John Kasay. The Patriots responded with a 5-play, 57-yard drive that moved deep into Panthers territory on a 30-yard pass interference penalty on the Panthers' James Anderson on a pass attempt to Watson. Faulk later ran in for a 3-yard touchdown to tie the game at halftime.
The Patriots' first drive of the second half began at the Patriots' 11-yard line and ended on the Panthers' 14-yard line when Morris fumbled following a 10-yard run; it was recovered by the Panthers' Captain Munnerlyn. The Panthers responded with a 26-yard DeAngelo Williams run followed by a 12-yard Jeff King catch to pass midfield; however two consecutive Panthers illegal shift penalties would help force a punt after a 13-yard Tyrell Sutton run on third down. The punt was downed at the Patriots' 4-yard line, and a Patriots challenge that the player who downed it, Quinton Teal, was in the end zone was not successful. However, the Patriots responded by mounting their longest drive of the season, 96 yards on 13 plays, and behind five Welker catches and a 5-yard Watson touchdown catch took a 14–7 lead late in the third quarter. The Panthers moved back downfield on a 9-play, 57-yard drive that ended on a 36-yard Kasay field goal after the Patriots defense held the Panthers to two yards after a 1st-and-10 from the 20-yard line. The Patriots extended their lead to 17–10 on a 48-yard Gostkowski field goal following a 10-play, 46-yard drive. After a 34-yard Panthers punt on their next possession, a three-and-out, the Patriots had the ball at the Panthers' 42-yard line but could only advance 13 yards on seven plays, with the drive being kept alive on a roughing the kicker penalty during a Patriots punt. The Patriots then took a 20–10 lead on a 47-yard Gostkowski field goal. With under four minutes to go, the Panthers faced a 3rd-and-10 from their own 25-yard line, but a Burgess sack of Moore forced a punt. The Patriots then ran out the final 2:32 of the game to seal a 20–10 victory. With the win, the Patriots moved to 8–5 on the season.
Week 15: at Buffalo Bills.
Trying to win their first road game in an opponent's stadium for the first time in 2009, the Patriots traveled to Buffalo with a one game lead in the division. After winning the toss, the Bills received the opening kickoff and began a 14-play, 69-yard drive that elapsed over nine minutes of the first quarter. After the Bills reached the Patriots' 2-yard line on 3rd-and-goal, a false start penalty and an incomplete pass limited the Bills to a 25-yard Lindell field goal. The Patriots' first possession reached midfield before a Brady pass intended for Welker was intercepted by linebacker Paul Posluszny at the Bills' 39-yard line. However, another penalty and two straight sacks set up a Bills three-and-out. The Patriots' next drive spanned into the second quarter, moving 75 yards on 5 plays; the Patriots moved to the Bills' 3-yard line on a 43-yard defensive pass interference penalty on Donte Whitner. Brady then hit Moss in the back of the end zone for a 13-yard touchdown, putting the Patriots ahead 7–3. The Bills offense continued to struggle on their next possession, facing a 2nd-and-23 and a 3rd-and-20 before punting; the Patriots advanced into Bills territory on their next possession before also punting. This time the Bills offense began to move the ball, reaching midfield before quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick threw an interception to Wilhite at the Patriots' 36-yard line. With 3:30 remaining, the Patriots drove back downfield, and assisted by a 21-yard defensive pass interference penalty, into the red zone. Maroney then ran for a 1-yard touchdown to give the Patriots a 14–3 lead. Following a 41-yard Bills kickoff return, they were able to reach the Patriots' 38-yard line and attempt a 56-yard field goal at the end of the half, but it fell wide left to keep the score at 14–3.
Both teams opened the second half with three-and-out punts. The Patriots came back with a 14-play, 64-yard drive that ended on a 30-yard Gostkowski field goal. The Bills, however, responded with a lengthy drive of their own before an offensive holding penalty and two incompletions set up a punt from the Patriots' 38-yard line early in the fourth quarter. After an exchange of four punts, the Bills drove to the Patriots' 12-yard line, before an incompletion, a one-yard run, and two more incompletions turned the ball over on downs. With just over four minutes left in the game, the Patriots were unable to gain a yard net on their next drive, in fact losing one yard in the process, before punting back to the Bills with 3:37 left; a 38-yard punt and a 20-yard return gave the Bills the ball at the Patriots' 28-yard line. After a 17-yard completion to Josh Reed, Fitzpatrick threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Lee Evans to cut the Patriots' lead to 17–10. The Bills attempted an onside kickoff with 3:02 remaining in the game, which was recovered by the Bills but nullified on an offsides penalty. The Bills then kicked off normally to the Patriots, hoping for a defensive stop. However, on the first play after the two-minute warning, the Patriots converted a third down on an 8-yard pass to Welker, sealing a Patriots victory. The win moved the Patriots to 9–5 on the season and gave them a two game lead in the division.
Week 16: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
Looking to secure their third straight win and another division title, the Patriots returned home to face the 7–7 Jaguars. After the Jaguars deferred the opening coin toss, the Patriots received the opening kickoff to begin a 10-play, 82-yard drive. On a 1st-and-goal run from the Jaguars' 1-yard line, Maroney fumbled before breaking the plane of the goal line; it was recovered by Jaguars linebacker Daryl Smith at the 1-yard line. The Jaguars reached their own 35-yard line on their ensuing possession before failing to convert on a fourth down attempt, turning the ball back over the Patriots. Two plays after a 21-yard Morris run, Brady and Moss connected on a 2-yard touchdown reception to give the Patriots a 7–0 lead. After the kickoff, the Jaguars drove to the Patriots' 42-yard line before a David Garrard pass intended for Marcedes Lewis was intercepted by Meriweather at the Patriots' 17-yard line and returned 56 yards. Two plays later, on the first play of the second quarter, Brady threw a 26-yard touchdown pass to Baker to extend the Patriots' lead to 14–0.
The Jaguars continued to move the ball on their next possession, reaching midfield on completions of 15 and 14 yards; however a false start penalty negated another 15-yard reception and the Jaguars were forced to punt. Following a Patriots' three-and-out, Garrard was strip-sacked by Banta-Cain on the first play of the Jaguars' next-drive; tackle Eben Britton recovered the fumble for the Jaguars, who punted three plays later. On the third play of their ensuing drive, the Patriots moved into the red zone on a 55-yard Morris run, and later took a 21–0 lead on a 1-yard Morris touchdown run. After another Jaguars three-and-out, the Patriots moved into Jaguars territory on a 29-yard Welker catch and later extended their lead to 28–0 on a 6-yard touchdown reception by Moss. This would remain the score after the Jaguars ended the half on another punt.
The Jaguars began the second half with a 16-play, 69-yard drive that took over eight minutes off the clock; however, it ended without any points after Garrard was intercepted by Springs at the Patriots' 2-yard line on a 3rd-and-goal from the 5-yard line. The Patriots responded with a 10-play, 90-yard drive of their own, despite a false start penalty to begin it. On the first play of the fourth quarter, Brady hit Moss on his third touchdown catch of the game, putting the Patriots ahead 35–0. However, the Jaguars responded quickly, moving past midfield on a 22-yard Rashad Jennings run and into the red zone on a 20-yard Nate Hughes reception. Two plays later, Garrard scrambled two yards for a touchdown, cutting the Patriots' lead to 35–7. With 12:41 remaining in the game, the Patriots received the ball after the kickoff. What ensued was a 20-play drive, with the Patriots reaching midfield with about ten minutes remaining in the game, and reaching the Jaguars' 10-yard line by the two-minute warning. The drive included five first downs, including two off fourth down conversions. One play after the two-minute warning, Hoyer replaced Brady at quarterback, and one play later, the Patriots turned the ball over on downs after a failed 4th-and-2 run by Morris. The Jaguars, with 29 seconds left in the game, ran one play to end the game. With the win, the Patriots secured their first division title since 2007 and posted a 10–5 record heading into the final week of the season.
Week 17: at Houston Texans.
On the final week of the regular season, the Patriots traveled to Houston having wrapped up a division title but still playing for the third seed in the AFC playoffs. The Texans, meanwhile, needed a victory plus help from other teams to earn a playoff berth. The Patriots did not activate Wilfork, Warren, Faulk, Maroney, or Bodden for the game. The Texans won the opening coin toss and received the opening kickoff, driving 76 yards on seven plays and taking a 7–0 lead on a 25-yard touchdown reception by tight end Joel Dreessen. On the fourth play of the Patriots' opening drive, Welker caught a 12-yard pass from Brady, and when cutting to avoid a tackler, had his knee buckle and fell to the ground. He suffered a torn MCL and ACL on the play in his left knee and was placed on injured reserve. The Patriots, who replaced Welker with Edelman, drove to the Texans' 42-yard line before punting. Following a Texans three-and-out, the Patriots began a drive from their own 37-yard line and capped a 9-play, 63-yard drive with a 4-yard touchdown run by Taylor, tying the game at 7–7. After a 36-yard kickoff return by André Davis, the Texans passed midfield on a 16-yard Dreessen catch, but could not advance any further and punted, early in the second quarter.
The Patriots responded with a 9-play, 58-yard drive that ended in a 51-yard Gostkowski field goal to give the Patriots a 10–7 lead. On their ensuing possession, the Texans drove to the Patriots' 1-yard line before attempting to convert a fourth down; quarterback Matt Schaub's pass fell incomplete to Andre Johnson to turn the ball over on downs and give the Patriots the ball at their own 1-yard line. On the next play, Taylor fumbled after a handoff from Brady; the ball was recovered by Bernard Pollard in the end zone for a touchdown. However, kicker Kris Brown missed the extra point to keep the score at 13–10. Hoyer entered the game at quarterback for the Patriots on their next drive. He led the Patriots from their own 9-yard line to the Texans' 25-yard line, with the Patriots settling for a 43-yard Gostkowski field goal with less than a minute remaining in the first half. Brown missed a 56-yard field goal as time expired in the half for the Texans to keep the score tied at 13 at halftime.
Brady re-entered the game for the Patriots to begin the second half, but the Patriots failed to reach midfield and punted. The Texans then drove from their own 16-yard line to the Patriots' 15-yard line before a Schaub pass intended for wide receiver Jacoby Jones was tipped and intercepted by Butler at the 9-yard line and returned 91 yards for a touchdown, giving the Patriots a 20–13 lead. The Texans continued to move the ball on their next possession, reaching the 20-yard line before Brown missed another field goal, a 38-yarder. The Patriots next drive spanned into the fourth quarter, and ended with an 11-yard Taylor touchdown to extend the Patriots' lead to 27–13. However, the Texans again drove on the Patriots, with a 26-yard defensive pass interference penalty on Butler setting up an 8-yard touchdown pass from Schaub to Jones. The Patriots went three-and-out on their next possession, giving the ball back to the Texans with 7:30 left in the game. After a 31-yard punt return by Jones, the Texans drove from the Patriots' 34-yard line and tied the game on a 1-yard touchdown run by Arian Foster with 4:46 left. Two plays later, Brady was intercepted by Pollard on a long pass intended for Aiken; Pollard returned the interception from the Patriots' 43-yard line to the 28-yard line. On the first play after the two-minute warning, Foster ran in for a 3-yard touchdown to give the Texans a 34–27 lead. Hoyer entered the game again for the Patriots and reached the Texans' 34-yard line before a fourth down pass intended for Edelman fell incomplete. The Texans then kneeled to end the game. The loss gave the Patriots 10–6 record for the season and also gave the Texans their first winning season in franchise history, at 9–7.
Postseason results.
Wild Card Round vs. Baltimore Ravens.
The Ravens converted three first-quarter turnovers by Patriots quarterback Tom Brady into 17 points on their way to a 24–0 lead New England could not recover from. It was the Patriots' first home loss of the season and their first home loss in the playoffs in more than 30 years. On top of that, it was the Ravens' first ever win against the Patriots after five consecutive losses.
Baltimore stormed to a 7–0 lead on the first play of the game with Ray Rice's 83-yard touchdown run, the second longest run in NFL playoff history. Then linebacker Terrell Suggs forced and recovered a fumble from Brady on the Patriots 17-yard line, and they scored another touchdown with a 1-yard run by Le'Ron McClain. Following an exchange of punts, cornerback Chris Carr intercepted a pass from Brady and returned it to the New England 25-yard line, setting up Rice's second touchdown on a 1-yard run. Just two plays after the ensuing kickoff, Ravens safety Ed Reed intercepted a deep pass from Brady and returned it 25 yards before lateraling the ball to safety Dawan Landry, who took it another 25 yards to the Patriots 9-yard line. The Ravens could not gain any yards on their ensuing drive, but Billy Cundiff kicked a field goal to make the score 24–0.
New England was forced to punt on their next drive, but Baltimore returner Tom Zbikowski muffed the kick and Kyle Arrington recovered the ball for the Patriots at the Ravens 16-yard line. Five plays later, Brady threw a 6-yard touchdown pass to Julian Edelman. But midway through the second half, Brady threw his third interception of the game, this one to Landry, who returned it 42 yards to the New England 22-yard line to set up another Cundiff field goal. Taking the ball back at the Patriots 47-yard line after Darius Butler's 42-yard kickoff return, New England responded with a 53-yard scoring drive. Brady finished it with his second touchdown pass to Edelman to cut their deficit to 27–14.
Zbikowski returned the ensuing kickoff 30 yards to his own 48-yard line, sparking a 52-yard drive that ended with a 3-yard touchdown run from Willis McGahee, making the score 33–14 after the two-point conversion failed. New England responded with a drive deep into Baltimore territory, but Stephen Gostkowski missed a 44-yard field goal attempt with 7:19 left in the game, ending any chance of a miracle comeback.
Rice rushed for 159 yards and two touchdowns, while McGahee added 62 yards and a score. Neither quarterback had much success, as Brady was held to 154 yards and intercepted three times, while Baltimore's Joe Flacco completed only 4 of 10 passes for 34 yards.
Awards and honors.
Pro Bowl and All-Pro selections.
Four Patriots were elected to the 2010 Pro Bowl. Guard Logan Mankins and defensive tackle Vince Wilfork were named as starters, while wide receiver Wes Welker and quarterback Tom Brady were named as a reserves. After Welker suffered a season-ending injury in Week 17, Randy Moss was named as his replacement in the Pro Bowl, while safety Brandon Meriweather was also an injury replacement. Moss subsequently pulled out of the game due to injury, as did Brady.
Welker and Mankins were also voted to the 2009 All-Pro First Team and Second Team, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20872677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872677" title="2009 Cleveland Browns season">
2009 Cleveland Browns season

The 2009 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 63rd season as a professional sports franchise and its 57th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL). The team placed fourth in the AFC North with a record of 5–11, improving upon its 2008 record of 4–12. This season marked George Kokinis and Eric Mangini's first seasons as the team's general manager and head coach, respectively; however, Kokinis was fired on November 2 during the team's Week 9 bye week. The Browns played all of their home games at Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
The Browns missed the playoffs for the seventh straight season, tying a record set between 1973–79.
Offseason.
Personnel changes.
On December 29, 2008, the Cleveland Browns announced that the team had fired general manager Phil Savage and head coach Romeo Crennel after spending four seasons together in Cleveland. Crennel, who joined the Browns with Savage in 2005, left Cleveland with a record of 24–40 (.375) and an 0–8 record against the division rival Pittsburgh Steelers. The team's best record under Crennel was 10–6 during the 2007 season.
On January 7, 2009, the Browns announced that the team had found its replacement for Crennel and that it had reached a contractual agreement with former New York Jets head coach Eric Mangini, who was fired after three seasons in New York. Mangini, who joined the Jets in 2006, left New York with a record of 23–25 (.479), including a 10–6 record and a playoff appearance in his first season.
On January 14, the Browns announced that Mangini had named his coordinators: Brian Daboll was hired as the offensive coordinator; Rob Ryan as the defensive coordinator; and Brad Seely as the special teams coordinator and assistant head coach. Daboll was most recently the quarterbacks coach for the Jets from 2007–2008; Ryan was the defensive coordinator for the Oakland Raiders from 2004–2008; and Seely was the special teams coach for the New England Patriots from 1999–2008. All three worked with Mangini from 2000–2003 as members of New England. Daboll, Ryan, and Seely replace Rob Chudzinski, Mel Tucker, and Ted Daisher, respectively.
On January 22, the Browns hired five assistant coaches: Bryan Cox was hired as the defensive line coach; Andy Dickerson as the defensive quality control coach; Jerome Henderson as the defensive backs coach; Rick Lyle as an assistant strength-and-conditioning coach; and Carl Smith as the quarterbacks coach. Cox, Dickerson, Henderson, and Lyle spent the past three seasons with Mangini in New York. Smith was the Browns' quarterbacks coach from 2001–2003 and was most recently the offensive coordinator for the Jacksonville Jaguars from 2005–2006.
On January 25, the Browns hired former Baltimore Ravens director of pro personnel George Kokinis as general manager. Kokinis spent five seasons in the Browns' scouting department from 1991–1995, and after the team moved to Baltimore, he was a member of the Ravens' scouting department from 1996–1999. He was the Ravens' assistant director of pro personnel from 2000–2002 and was the director of pro personnel from 2003–2008.
On February 4, the Browns hired three more assistant coaches: Alan DeGennaro was hired as an assistant strength-and-conditioning coach; Tom Myslinski as the strength-and-conditioning coach; and George Warhop as the offensive line coach. On February 11, the Browns hired George McDonald as the offensive quality control coach. On February 17, the Browns hired Gary Brown as the running backs coach and Steve Hagen as the tight ends coach. On February 22, the Browns hired Matt Eberflus as the linebackers coach.
On May 6, the Browns promoted McDonald to wide receivers coach.
Roster changes.
Trades.
On February 27, the Browns traded tight end Kellen Winslow to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for its second-round selection in the 2009 NFL Draft (50th overall, used to select Mohamed Massaquoi) and its fifth-round selection in the 2010 NFL Draft. Winslow was selected sixth overall by the Browns in the first round of the 2004 NFL Draft and played five seasons with the team. During his career with the Browns, he accumulated 219 receptions for 2,459 yards (11.2 YPC) and had eleven touchdown receptions.
On April 25, during the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft, the team traded its first-round selection (5th overall) to the Jets for its first- (17th overall) and second-round (52nd overall) selections, defensive end Kenyon Coleman, safety Abram Elam, and quarterback Brett Ratliff.
2009 draft class.
The Browns did not have third-, fifth-, or seventh-round selections in the draft.
Legal troubles for WR Stallworth.
On March 14, Browns wide receiver Donté Stallworth was involved in a fatal accident in which he struck and killed pedestrian Mario Reyes with his car in the early morning in Miami, Florida. Stallworth then stopped his vehicle and called 9–1–1. Reports showed that Stallworth was driving under the influence; his blood-alcohol level was 0.12%, above Florida's legal limit of 0.08%. He was charged with DUI manslaughter and a warrant was issued for his arrest on April 1 and he surrendered to police on April 2. On June 16, Stallworth pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to 30 days in prison, two years' house arrest, and eight years probation. Many believed that the sentence Stallworth received was too lenient as he could have served up to 15 years in jail. Stallworth also reached an undisclosed financial settlement with the victim's family. On June 18, the NFL suspended Stallworth indefinitely On August 13, the NFL officially suspended Stallworth for the entire 2009 season, and made plans to reinstate him after the Super Bowl.
Uniform changes.
In 2009, the Cleveland Browns wore brown pants for games in which they wear white jerseys. These were worn in the 2008 pre-season. New additions to this uniform combination are striped socks.
Preseason.
Releases.
On September 4 and 5, the Browns released the following players to get down to the 53-player limit: S Hamza Abdullah, FB Charles Ali, CB Brandon Anderson, QB Richard Bartel, CB Tra Battle, LB Beau Bell, T Branndon Braxton, LB Titus Brown, C Dustin Fry, RB Noah Herron, DT Adam Hoppel, WR Paul Hubbard, CB Corey Ivy, RB Chris Jennings, WR Lance Leggett, G Pat Murray, WR Jordan Norwood, WR David Patten, G Kurt Quarterman, DE Brian Schaefering, G Isaac Sowells, DE Santonio Thomas, and TE Aaron Walker.
Captains selected.
On September 9, the team elected six players to be captains. RB Jamal Lewis and T Joe Thomas were chosen as offensive captains, LB D'Qwell Jackson and LB Eric Barton as defensive captains, and KR Josh Cribbs and K Phil Dawson as special teams captains.
Regular season.
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
The Browns opened their season at home against the Minnesota Vikings trying to improve on their 4–12 record from last season. After trading field goals in the first quarter, RB Adrian Peterson scored the first touchdown of the game, giving Minnesota a 10–3 lead. But K Phil Dawson kicked his second field goal and WR Josh Cribbs returned a punt for a touchdown and the Browns took a 13–10 lead into halftime. However, the second half was controlled completely by the Vikings, with QB Brett Favre connecting with WR Percy Harvin for Favre's first touchdown pass as a Viking. In the 4th quarter, QB Brady Quinn completed a touchdown pass to TE Robert Royal, the first touchdown by Cleveland's offense since the 4th quarter of Week 11 in 2008, ending a span of 416 offensive plays without a touchdown.
With the loss, Cleveland fell to 0–1.
Week 2: at Denver Broncos.
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Vikings, the Browns flew to Invesco Field at Mile High for a Week 2 duel with the Denver Broncos. After recovering a fumble on the opening kickoff, the Browns started with a short field but couldn't capitalize, settling for a 22-yard field goal by kicker Phil Dawson. Broncos quarterback Kyle Orton would complete a 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Tony Scheffler for the game's first touchdown, and after a 47-yard field goal by Cleveland, the game was 7–6 after the first quarter. However, Cleveland's offensive struggles continued. Meanwhile, in the second and third quarter, kicker Matt Prater gave Denver a 23-yard and a 38-yard field goal. Afterwards, in the fourth quarter, the Broncos took control with touchdown runs by Peyton Hillis and Correll Buckhalter.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 0–2.
Week 3: at Baltimore Ravens.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Broncos, the Browns flew to M&T Bank Stadium for a Week 3 AFC North duel with the Baltimore Ravens. Cleveland would trail early in the first quarter as Ravens running back Willis McGahee got a 7-yard touchdown run, followed by kicker Steven Hauschka getting a 36-yard field goal. The Browns' deficit would increase in the second quarter as Hauschka nailed a 33-yard field goal, while McGahee got a 15-yard touchdown run.
In the third quarter, things continued to get worse for the Browns as running back Ray Rice got a 9-yard touchdown run. In thr fourth quarter, Cleveland would manage to get on the board as kicker Billy Cundiff made a 29-yard field goal. Afterwards, Baltimore closed out the game as quarterback Joe Flacco completed a 72-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Derrick Mason.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 0–3.
Starting quarterback Brady Quinn (6 of 8, 34 yards, 1 INT) was benched after a dismal first half performance, while Derek Anderson (11 of 19, 92 yards, 3 INTs) did not perform much better.
Week 4: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
Still looking for their first win of the season, the Browns went home for a Week 4 AFC North duel with the Cincinnati Bengals in Round 1 of 2009's Battle of Ohio. Due to quarterback Brady Quinn's poor performance in the season thus far, head coach Eric Mangini named quarterback Derek Anderson the starter.
Cleveland would trail early in the first quarter as Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chad Ochocinco. The Browns would continue to struggle in the second quarter as defensive end Robert Geathers returned a fumble 75 yards for a touchdown. Cleveland would respond with Anderson completing a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Steve Heiden.
The Browns would tie the game in the third quarter with Anderson's 1-yard touchdown run. Afterwards, Cleveland would take the lead in the fourth quarter with a 26-yard and a 31-yard field goal from kicker Billy Cundiff. However, Cincinnati answered with Palmer hooking up with Ochocinco again on a 2-yard touchdown run (with a blocked PAT). In overtime, both teams went back and forth with their possessions. In the end, the Bengals emerged victorious with kicker Shayne Graham kicking the game-winning 31-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 0–4.
WR Edwards traded.
On October 7, the Browns traded WR Braylon Edwards to the New York Jets for WR Chansi Stuckey, LB Jason Trusnik, and third- and fifth- round selections in the 2010 NFL Draft. The third-round selection would have become a second-round selection based on Edwards met certain performance criteria with the Jets this season, but he did not meet those criteria.
Week 5: at Buffalo Bills.
After a heartbreaking loss to the Bengals, the Browns headed to Buffalo, the site of their last win in Week 11 of the 2008 season, and trying to avoid tying a franchise record 11 straight losses. In very windy conditions, the Browns' hero was punter Dave Zastudil who pinned the Bills within their 5-yard line 3 times. After trading field goals in the 2nd and 3rd quarters, the Browns recovered a fumble on a punt return by WR Roscoe Parrish, and kicker Billy Cundiff secured the victory with a short field goal. The Browns won despite QB Derek Anderson completing only 2 of 17 passes (11.8%) for 23 yards, setting a record for lowest completion percentage in a win since the AFL-NFL merger. This also marked Eric Mangini's first win as head coach of the Browns.
With the win, the Browns improved to 1–4. Zastudil was named the AFC special teams player of the week.
Week 6: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
After securing their first win of the season, the Browns went on the road to take on their archrival Pittsburgh Steelers. The Browns came into the game having lost their last 11 games against the Steelers. The Steelers struck first with two touchdown passes from Ben Roethlisberger in the 2nd quarter. Josh Cribbs ran a kickoff back 98 yards for a touchdown, and got the Browns within 7. However, the Browns could never close the gap, and fell to the Steelers, 27–14.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 1–5.
Week 7: vs. Green Bay Packers.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Steelers, the Browns went home for a Week 7 interconference duel with the Green Bay Packers. After a scoreless first quarter, Cleveland began the second quarter with kicker Billy Cundiff's 22-yard field goal. However, the Packers would take charge with quarterback Aaron Rodgers completing a 45-yard touchdown pass to tight end Spencer Havner and a 71-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Donald Driver, followed by a 1-yard touchdown run by running back Ryan Grant.
Afterwards, Green Bay pulled away in the second half with kicker Mason Crosby booting an 18-yard field goal in the third quarter and Rodgers finding wide receiver James Jones on a 5-yard touchdown pass.
With the loss, the Browns stumbled to 1–6.
Week 8: at Chicago Bears.
Trying to snap a two-game losing streak, the Browns flew to Soldier Field for a Week 8 interconference duel with the Chicago Bears. The Browns' defense held up well early, limiting the Bears to three field goals by kicker Robbie Gould (a 37-yard & a 29-yard in the first quarter and a 32-yard in the second). However, the Browns could not manage to get on the board and Chicago RB Matt Forté scored on a 1-yard run, putting the Browns down 16 at the half. The Browns struck first in the third quarter on a one-yard run by QB Derek Anderson, but the PAT was blocked. Forté scored again in the third with a 10-yard touchdown run and the Bears put the Browns away with a 21-yard interception return for a touchdown by CB Charles Tillman in the fourth quarter. Late in the fourth, Derek Anderson was benched for Brady Quinn after going 6 of 17 (35.2%) for 76 yards and 2 interceptions.
With the loss, the Browns went into their bye week at 1–7.
GM Kokinis fired.
On November 2, the Browns fired general manager George Kokinis after getting off to a disappointing 1–7 start. The Browns' statement said that Kokinis "is no longer actively involved with the organization." Owner Randy Lerner reportedly asked for his resignation, and when Kokinis refused, sought a dismissal "for cause." Head coach Eric Mangini was told by Lerner that his job was safe for the moment.
Week 10: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
The Browns came out of their bye week with Brady Quinn as the starting quarterback again and looking to turn around their disappointing season. They hosted the Baltimore Ravens on Monday Night Football. Both teams played a scoreless first half, the first scoreless half in the NFL this season and only the ninth ever in 620 Monday Night Football games. The Ravens took over in the third with two touchdowns in 15 seconds (a 13-yard touchdown run from running back Ray Rice and safety Dawan Landry's 48-yard interception return for a touchdown). Kicker Steven Hauschka would add a 44-yard field goal, and the Browns could not score. This was the Browns' first shutout of the year.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 1–8.
Week 11: at Detroit Lions.
Looking to snap a four-game losing streak, the 1–8 Browns flew to Ford Field for a Week 11 interconference duel with the 1–8 Detroit Lions. Both teams began the game with field goals, as Cleveland kicker Phil Dawson made a 44-yard field goal while Lions kicker Jason Hanson got a 31-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Browns' offense exploded as quarterback Brady Quinn completed a 59-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Mohamed Massaquoi, a 40-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chansi Stuckey, and a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Josh Cribbs. Detroit would answer with quarterback Matthew Stafford completing a 26-yard touchdown pass to running back Aaron Brown. The Lions would tie the game in the second quarter as Stafford hooked up with running back Kevin Smith on a 25-yard touchdown pass, followed by a 75-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Calvin Johnson. Afterwards, Cleveland would end the half with Dawson nailing a 29-yard field goal.
Detroit would take the lead in the third quarter with Stafford's 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Will Heller, the Browns would pick up a safety after Stafford was called for intentional grounding from his own end zone. In the fourth quarter, Cleveland regained the lead with Quinn's 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Michael Gaines (followed by running back Jamal Lewis getting a 2-point conversion run). The Lions would take over, and with no time left, Browns safety Brodney Pool intercepted the ball. However, cornerback Hank Poteat was flagged for pass interference in the end zone. Since the game cannot end on a defensive penalty, Detroit was given one un-timed down from the Browns' 1-yard line and Stafford completed the game-winning touchdown pass to tight end Brandon Pettigrew.
With the loss in the 1–8 battle, Cleveland fell to 1–9 assuring them that they would finish last in their division.
Week 12: at Cincinnati Bengals.
The Browns headed to Cincinnati to face their in-state rivals in Week 12. The Bengals struck first with 2 field goals by Shayne Graham and a touchdown reception by J. P. Foschi in the first half. Brady Quinn had a touchdown run in the third, but another Bengals field goal and defense put the Browns away.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 1–10 and were officially eliminated from postseason contention.
Week 13: vs. San Diego Chargers.
The Browns stayed home in Week 13 to take on the San Diego Chargers. The Browns struck first with an 11-yard touchdown reception by Mohamed Massaquoi. The Chargers took the lead back in the first on a field goal by Nate Kaeding and a long touchdown reception by Mike Tolbert. San Diego scored 17 more in the second and third, seemingly putting the game out of reach. The Browns managed to get within a touchdown but their comeback ran out of time.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 1–11.
Week 14: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Browns hosted the rival Pittsburgh Steelers on a night with subzero wind chills for a Week 14 duel. In windy conditions, Phil Dawson hit a pair of 29-yard field goals, and Chris Jennings had a 10-yard touchdown run to put the Browns up 13. Jeff Reed nailed a field goal before the half to draw the Steelers within 10, and hit another in the third to bring them within a touchdown. However, a scoreless fourth by both teams led the Browns to their first win against the Steelers since 2003, and the Browns became only the fourth team in NFL history to be at least 10 games under .500 and defeat the defending Super Bowl champions.
With the win, the Browns improved to 2–11, snapped a twelve-game losing streak against the Steelers and won against them for the first time since 2003 when they defeated the team 33–13 in Pittsburgh. The team also won their first home game since an October 2008 victory, interestingly against then-defending Super Bowl champion New York Giants. KR Josh Cribbs was named AFC Special Teams Player of the Week.
Week 15: at Kansas City Chiefs.
The Browns headed into Kansas City for their last road game of the year to take on the Chiefs in Week 15. The Browns and Chiefs traded field goals in the first quarter, and then Josh Cribbs returned the ensuing kickoff 100 yards for a touchdown, setting an NFL record with his 7th kickoff return for a touchdown. After another Phil Dawson field goal in the second, the Chiefs scored three straight touchdowns to take a 24–13 lead. However, Cribbs again ran a kickoff back for a touchdown, this time for 103 yards and extending his NFL record to eight kickoff return touchdowns. In the second half, Jerome Harrison rushed for three touchdowns and amassed a filibuster-proof majority of his 286 rushing yards. This set a Browns' rushing record for a single game, was the record for most rushing yards in the NFL this season, and was the third most rushing yards in a game in NFL history. Matt Cassel's final desperation pass ricocheted off the cross bar, and the Browns defeated the Chiefs 41–34, with their highest point total of the season.
With the win, the Browns improved to 3–11 and finished the season 2–6 on the road. Cribbs was named the AFC special teams player of the week for the second straight week.
Holmgren hired as president.
On December 21, Mike Holmgren was hired by the Browns to take over as their president. His duties will include personnel management, and he may hire a general manager to assist him. He also will have the power to replace Eric Mangini as head coach if he so chooses.
Week 16: vs. Oakland Raiders.
The Browns stayed home in Week 16 for a match with the Oakland Raiders, trying to extend their 2-game winning streak. The Browns struck first with a 17-yard run by Jerome Harrison and a 42-yard field goal from Phil Dawson. Oakland kicker Sebastian Janikowski hit 3 field goals in the first half, including a 61 yarder to close out the half. However, the Browns led at halftime, 17–9. The Browns held the Raiders scoreless in the second half, and Dawson hit 2 more field goals to lead the Browns to a 23–9 victory, their third in a row.
With the win, the Browns improved to 4–11.
Week 17: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
The Browns closed out their season at home with a contest against the Jacksonville Jaguars, who came into the game with an outside chance of making the playoffs. Cleveland and Jacksonville traded field goals in the first quarter, but Josh Cribbs broke the tie in the second with a 14-yard touchdown run, and Phil Dawson added another field goal to give the Browns a 10-point lead at the half. In the third, Jerome Harrison added a 6-yard touchdown run to push the lead to 17. In the fourth, Zach Miller caught a 6-yard pass from David Garrard to close within 10, but Dawson added another field goal. On the final play of the game (and the season), Miller caught another touchdown pass from Garrard but it was not enough, and the Browns won 23–17. The Browns' 4-game winning streak was the longest since 1994.
With the win, the Browns improved to finish the season at 5–11, a one-win improvement over the 2008 campaign. They finished 3–5 at home.
KR Cribbs honored.
On January 6, WR/KR Josh Cribbs was named AFC special teams player of the month for December. During the month, Cribbs earned AFC special teams player of the week honors twice, and set an NFL record with eight career kickoff returns for touchdowns.
2010 Pro Bowl.
KR Josh Cribbs and T Joe Thomas were recognized for individual accomplishments as they were named to the AFC roster for the 2010 Pro Bowl. Cribbs, who made his second appearance, was the starting kick and punt returner. Thomas, who made his third consecutive appearance in the game, was selected as the reserve offensive tackle, but started in the game because of an injury to Jake Long of the Miami Dolphins.

</doc>
<doc id="20872684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872684" title="Jacksonville-Baldwin Rail Trail">
Jacksonville-Baldwin Rail Trail

The Jacksonville-Baldwin Rail Trail is a Rail Trail that extends from northwest Jacksonville to Baldwin, Florida. While it is technically a city park, it includes three separate paths: a multi-use asphalt trail for hiking, jogging, in-line skating or cycling; an off-road bike trail; and a horseback riding trail.
History.
The City of Jacksonville purchased an unused east/west railroad corridor from CSX Transportation Inc. in December 1992, in conjunction with the "Florida Greenways and Trails" Program and with approval of the Florida Department of Environmental Protection. The trail runs from Jacksonville’s Imeson Road to Brandy Branch Road near Baldwin for a distance of approximately . It is wide, with a asphalt thoroughfare suitable for nonmotorized wheeled conveyances, such as bicycles and wheelchairs.
Trail Buffer.
All of the Jacksonville Baldwin Rails to Trails Buffer Preserve was purchased with grants from the Florida Communities Trust (FCT), which has provided funding for local communities and eligible non-profit organizations to acquire land for parks, greenways and open spaces since 1991. FCT Grant No. 01-120-FF1 included the following properties: Scarborough, Block, Old Plank Land Trust, Garner and Campbell. The Forbess and Walker properties were purchased with the help of FCT Grant No. 04-052-FF4. The conceptual site plan in the for the Scarborough and Block properties shows hiking, biking, and equestrian trails throughout the properties, plus parking lots to provide more access to the Rail Trail. Picnic pavilions and wildlife observation platforms will also be included. The conceptual site plan for the Forbess and Walker properties proposed an equestrian cool-down facility, restrooms, picnic pavilions, a horseshoe pit, a volleyball court, a parking area, an equestrian trail, a hiking trail and a biking trail, as well as upland and wetland restoration. As of 2008, those projects, with the exception of the trails themselves, were still in the planning stage. 
Recreational activities.
Hikers, joggers, skateboarders, rollerbladers, unicyclists and tricyclists can all enjoy the byway. Horseback riders can utilize an equestrian trail, completed in the Spring of 2002, which runs parallel to the paved trail. There is also a separate trail for BMX bicyclists. 
The trail passes through well-kept residential areas as it leaves the city, then a rural area includes mobile homes, abandoned cars, shadetree mechanics and a power plant. A gun range near the trail generates rifle and pistol fire. Eventually, the trail passes through flatwoods, wetlands, and hardwood uplands which support populations of birds (including hawks, buzzards & wild turkeys), squirrels, rabbits, raccoons, opossum, armadillos, gopher tortoises, snakes and white-tailed deer. The trail is densely shaded by vegetation that is in some places so thick that it is difficult to see other features of the landscape. The trail is open from sunrise until sunset, 365 days a year.
Camp Milton.
The trail comes close at its midpoint to the Civil War "Camp Milton Historic Preserve". With three miles (5 km) of fortifications constructed of earth and timber in February & March, 1864, Camp Milton was "first line of defense against the Union forces in Jacksonville in 1864, with over 8,000 troops. Named after Florida's Governor during the Civil War, John Milton, the camp was the site of several encounters (not battles) between Confederate and Union armies before the camp was occupied by the Union army in the summer of 1864. Work on the preserve is relatively recent. After the 1973 discovery of the site, the property was purchased by the State of Florida in 1981. The City of Jacksonville, with the assistance of Preservation Project Jacksonville, leased the initial tract from the state and expanded it with additional purchases. In September 2006, the completed preserve, including an educational center, replicas and a preserved Florida cracker farmstead, was opened for public use.

</doc>
<doc id="20872694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872694" title="Coordinate conditions">
Coordinate conditions

In general relativity, the laws of physics can be expressed in a generally covariant form. In other words, the description of the world as given by the laws of physics does not depend on our choice of coordinate systems. However, it is often useful to fix upon a particular coordinate system, in order to solve actual problems or make actual predictions. A coordinate condition selects such coordinate system(s).
Indeterminacy in general relativity.
The Einstein field equations do not determine the metric uniquely, even if one knows what the metric tensor equals everywhere at an initial time. This situation is analogous to the failure of the Maxwell equations to determine the potentials uniquely. In both cases, the ambiguity can be removed by gauge fixing. Thus, coordinate conditions are a type of gauge condition. No coordinate condition is generally covariant, but many coordinate conditions are Lorentz covariant or rotationally covariant.
Naively, one might think that coordinate conditions would take the form of equations for the evolution of the four coordinates, and indeed in some cases (e.g. the harmonic coordinate condition) they can be put in that form. However, it is more usual for them to appear as four additional equations (beyond the Einstein field equations) for the evolution of the metric tensor. The Einstein field equations alone do not fully determine the evolution of the metric relative to the coordinate system. It might seem that they would since there are ten equations to determine the ten components of the metric. However, due to the second Bianchi identity of the Riemann curvature tensor, the divergence of the Einstein tensor is zero which means that four of the ten equations are redundant, leaving four degrees of freedom which can be associated with the choice of the four coordinates. It should be noted that the same result can be derived from a Kramers-Moyal-van-Kampen expansion of the Master equation (using the Clebsch-Gordon coefficients for decomposing tensor products).
Harmonic coordinates.
A particularly useful coordinate condition is the harmonic condition (also known as the "de Donder gauge"):
Here, gamma is a Christoffel symbol (also known as the "affine connection"), and the "g" with superscripts is the inverse of the metric tensor. This harmonic condition is frequently used by physicists when working with gravitational waves. This condition is also frequently used to derive the post-Newtonian approximation. 
Although the harmonic coordinate condition is not generally covariant, it "is" Lorentz covariant. This coordinate condition resolves the ambiguity of the metric tensor formula_2 by providing four additional differential equations that the metric tensor must satisfy.
Synchronous coordinates.
Another particularly useful coordinate condition is the synchronous condition:
and 
Synchronous coordinates are also known as Gaussian coordinates. They are frequently used in cosmology. 
The synchronous coordinate condition is neither generally covariant nor Lorentz covariant. This coordinate condition resolves the ambiguity of the metric tensor formula_2 by providing four algebraic equations that the metric tensor must satisfy.
Other coordinates.
Many other coordinate conditions have been employed by physicists, though none as pervasively as those described above. Almost all coordinate conditions used by physicists, including the harmonic and synchronous coordinate conditions, would be satisfied by a metric tensor that equals the Minkowski tensor everywhere. (However, since the Riemann and hence the Ricci tensor for Minkowski coordinates is identically zero, the Einstein equations give zero energy/matter for Minkowski coordinates; so Minkowski coordinates cannot be an acceptable final answer.) Unlike the harmonic and synchronous coordinate conditions, some commonly used coordinate conditions may be either under-determinative or over-determinative. 
An example of an under-determinative condition is the algebraic statement that the determinant of the metric tensor is −1, which still leaves considerable gauge freedom. This condition would have to be supplemented by other conditions in order to remove the ambiguity in the metric tensor.
An example of an over-determinative condition is the algebraic statement that the difference between the metric tensor and the Minkowski tensor is simply a null four-vector times itself, which is known as a Kerr-Schild form of the metric. This Kerr-Schild condition goes well beyond removing coordinate ambiguity, and thus also prescribes a type of physical space-time structure. The determinant of the metric tensor in a Kerr-Schild metric is negative one, which by itself is an under-determinative coordinate condition.
When choosing coordinate conditions, it is important to beware of illusions or artifacts that can be created by that choice. For example, the Schwarzschild metric may include an apparent singularity at a surface that is separate from the point-source, but that singularity is merely an artifact of the choice of coordinate conditions, rather than arising from actual physical reality.
If one is going to solve the Einstein field equations using approximate methods such as the Post-Newtonian expansion, then one should try to choose a coordinate condition which will make the expansion converge as quickly as possible (or at least prevent it from diverging). Similarly, for numerical methods one needs to avoid caustics (coordinate singularities).
Lorentz covariant coordinate conditions.
If one combines a coordinate condition which is Lorentz covariant, such as the harmonic coordinate condition mentioned above, with the Einstein field equations, then one gets a theory which is in some sense consistent with both special and general relativity. Among the simplest examples of such coordinate conditions are these:
where one can fix the constant "k" to be any convenient value.

</doc>
<doc id="20872708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872708" title="San Carlos Bay (Florida)">
San Carlos Bay (Florida)

San Carlos Bay is a bay located southwest of Fort Myers, Florida, at the mouth of the Caloosahatchee River. It connects to Pine Island Sound to the west and to Matlacha Pass to the north.
The United States Navy seaplane tender USS "San Carlos Bay", in commission from 1944 to 1947, was named for the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20872712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872712" title="Next Time Ned">
Next Time Ned

Next Time Ned is a Scottish feature film, written and directed by Thomas McCue and starring Raymond Mearns. It featured Glasgow band San Sebastian on its soundtrack. The theme tune of "I belong to Glasgow" was recorded by Glasgow band Funkilicious. The film was premiered on 8 May 2009 at Jumping Jak's in Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="20872714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872714" title="Qwirkle">
Qwirkle

Qwirkle is a tile-based game for 2-4 players, designed by Susan McKinley Ross and published by MindWare. Qwirkle shares some characteristics with the games "Rummikub" and "Scrabble". It is distributed in Canada by game and puzzle company, Outset Media. Qwirkle is considered by MindWare to be its most awarded game of all time. In 2011, Qwirkle won the Spiel des Jahres, widely considered the most prestigious award in the gaming industry. A sequel, Qwirkle Cubes, was released by Mindware in 2009.
Equipment.
"Qwirkle" comes with 108 wooden tiles, and each tile is painted with one of 6 shapes in one of 6 colors. The box also contains a bag to store the tiles and a rule book.
Play.
The game begins with all the tiles being placed face down on a table and mixed thoroughly. Each player then randomly draws 6 tiles. During their turn, a player may either:
Players earn 1 point for each tile they successfully place on the board. Furthermore, whenever they complete a series of 6 tiles (called a Qwirkle), they score a bonus 6 points. Qwirkles are sets of tiles that share a single characteristic, (e.g. a line of a single shape in all the possible colors or a line of a single color in all the possible shapes).
In general, any tiles that are placed in a row must share at least one attribute (either color or shape), and they must be played in 1 line, although they do not need to touch. 
Players must always end their turn with 6 tiles in their hand, so if they place tiles during their turn, they draw random tiles to build their hand back up to 6.
Play continues until there are no more tiles to be drawn, and one person uses all of his available tiles.
Scoring.
Players score 1 point for each tile placed within a line, including existing tiles within the line. The idea is to form lines that have each shape of a certain color, or each color of a certain shape. For example: if there are 3 stars placed down on the grid (1 green, 1 blue, and 1 purple), then the player can put down another star that is red, orange or yellow. If a line is completed (this is called a "qwirkle"), then an additional 6 points is added to the player's score.
At the end of the game, once there are no more tiles to be drawn to replenish one's hand, the first person to play all of their tiles gains an extra 6 point bonus, at which point the game ends, and the player who has the highest score wins.

</doc>
<doc id="20872722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872722" title="2009 San Diego Chargers season">
2009 San Diego Chargers season

The 2009 San Diego Chargers season was the 50th season for the original American Football League team, and its 40th in the NFL. The Chargers improved upon their regular season record of 8–8 in 2008 and won their division for the fourth straight year and fifth time in six seasons. They finished the regular season with a 13–3 record, the second best winning percentage in franchise history but were eliminated in the Divisional Playoffs by the New York Jets. It was also Norv Turner's best regular season record as head coach.
2009 NFL Draft.
Many have speculated as to who the Chargers are likely to target early in the 2009 NFL Draft. Commonly noted areas of need include the safety positions, the right side of the offensive line, and inside linebacker. The Chargers are also expected to be in the hunt for a running back to eventually replace Tomlinson, who despite past excellence has faced more frequent injuries and declining production as he ages.
Regular season results.
Week 1: at Oakland Raiders.
The Chargers began their season at Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum for a Week 1 AFL Legacy duel with their AFC West rival, the Oakland Raiders, in the second game of an MNF doubleheader. In the first quarter, San Diego trailed early as Raiders running back Michael Bush got a 4-yard touchdown run. The Chargers would strike back in the second quarter as running back LaDainian Tomlinson got a 1-yard touchdown run. Oakland would respond with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 37-yard field goal. San Diego would close out the half with kicker Nate Kaeding making a 47-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Raiders would retake the lead in the fourth quarter as Janikowski nailed a 35-yard field goal. The Chargers would take the lead as quarterback Philip Rivers completed a 15-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson. Oakland would respond with quarterback JaMarcus Russell completing a 57-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Louis Murphy, but San Diego came right back with a 5-yard touchdown run by running back Darren Sproles.
With the win, the Chargers began their season at 1–0.
Week 2: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off their road win over the Raiders, the Chargers would play their Week 2 home opener against the Baltimore Ravens. San Diego would deliver the opening strike in the first quarter as quarterback Philip Rivers completed an 81-yard touchdown pass to running back Darren Sproles. The Ravens would respond with running back Willis McGahee getting a 5-yard touchdown run, yet the Chargers would regain the lead as kicker Nate Kaeding got a 29-yard field goal. Baltimore would take the lead in the second quarter as McGahee got a 3-yard touchdown run. San Diego would pull within one as Kaeding made a 22-yard field goal, but the Ravens answered with quarterback Joe Flacco completing a 27-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Kelley Washington. The Chargers would end the half as Kaeding would make a 23-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Baltimore would add onto their lead as Flacco completed a 9-yard touchdown pass to tight end Todd Heap. San Diego would stay close as Rivers completed a 35-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson. In the fourth quarter, the Chargers got closer as Kaeding kicked a 25-yard field goal, but the Ravens would answer with kicker Steve Hauschka nailing a 33-yard field goal. San Diego would manage to get a late drive all the way to the Ravens' 15-yard line, but on 4th-&-2, Sproles was tackled behind the line of scrimmage by an unblocked Ray Lewis, ending any hope of a comeback.
With the loss, the Chargers fell to 1–1.
Week 3: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Hoping to rebound from their tough loss to the Ravens, the Chargers stayed at home for a Week 3 duel with the Miami Dolphins. After a 1-yard fumble recovery for a touchdown by the Dolphins, San Diego would strike in the second quarter with a 25-yard field goal from kicker Nate Kaeding. The Dolphins would answer with a 24-yard field goal from kicker Dan Carpenter. In the third quarter, Miami extended the lead with Carpenter's 23-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Chargers striked back with quarterback Philip Rivers' 5-yard touchdown run. San Diego would then pull away in the fourth quarter with Kaeding nailing a 23-yard and a 26-yard field goal, followed by safety Eric Weddle returning an interception 31 yards for a touchdown. The Dolphins tried to rally with running back Ricky Williams' 14-yard touchdown run, yet the 'Bolts would hold on for the victory.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 2–1.
Week 4: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
Coming off their home win over the Dolphins, the Chargers flew to Heinz Field for a Week 4 Sunday night duel with the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers. San Diego found themselves in a huge deficit in the first half. In the first quarter, the Steelers opened the game with running back Rashard Mendenhall getting a 1-yard touchdown run and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completing a 19-yard touchdown pass to running back Mewelde Moore. Pittsburgh would increase their lead in the second quarter with Mendenhall's 2-yard touchdown run.
In the third quarter, the Steelers continued to roll as Roethlisberger found tight end Heath Miller on a 6-yard touchdown pass. San Diego would strike back as quarterback Philip Rivers threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to tight end Antonio Gates. In the fourth quarter, the Chargers began to catch up with a key play on special teams as fullback Jacob Hester stripped Stefan Logan of the ball and returned it 41 yards for a touchdown. Pittsburgh would answer with Roethlisberger's 6-yard touchdown pass to Miller. Afterwards, San Diego continued its comeback run as Rivers completed a 30-yard touchdown pass to Gates and a 13-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chris Chambers. However, the Steelers came right back with a 46-yard field goal from kicker Jeff Reed. The 'Bolts tried to cap off their rally, but a sack and fumble by linebacker James Harrison led to a Pittsburgh recovery, effectively ending any hope of a comeback.
With the loss, the Chargers fell to 2–2.
Week 6: vs. Denver Broncos.
Coming off their bye week, the Chargers went home, donned their throwback uniforms, and played a Week 6 AFL Legacy duel with the Denver Broncos on Monday night. In the first quarter, San Diego struck first with kicker Nate Kaeding getting a 20-yard field goal. The Broncos would immediately respond as wide receiver Eddie Royal returned a kickoff 93 yards for a touchdown, yet the Chargers came back with quarterback Philip Rivers completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson. Denver would take the lead in the second quarter with a 34-yard field goal from kicker Matt Prater and Royal returning a punt 71 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, San Diego closed out the half with Kaeding's 44-yard field goal and running back Darren Sproles' 77-yard punt return for a touchdown.
In the third quarter, the Chargers would add onto their lead with Kaeding nailing a 50-yard field goal. However, the Broncos would take the lead with quarterback Kyle Orton's 19-yard touchdown pass to tight end Tony Scheffler. In the fourth quarter, Denver would increase their lead with Prater's 29-yard field goal and Orton finding wide receiver Brandon Stokley on a 5-yard touchdown pass. San Diego tried to rally, but the Broncos' defense stood strong and held for the win.
With the loss, the Chargers fell to 2–3. This is also their 3rd straight season where after 5 games, the team has started 2–3.
Week 7: at Kansas City Chiefs.
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Broncos, the Chargers flew to Arrowhead Stadium, donned their throwbacks, and played a Week 7 AFL Legacy game with the Kansas City Chiefs. In the first quarter, San Diego struck first with quarterback Philip Rivers competing a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Malcom Floyd and a 10-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson. The Chargers would continue their dominance in the second quarter as kicker Nate Kaeding nailed a 20-yard and a 39-yard field goal.
The Chiefs would get on the board in the third quarter with quarterback Matt Cassel completing a 7-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Dwayne Bowe, yet San Diego came right back with Rivers hooking up with running back Darren Sproles on a 58-yard touchdown pass. Afterwards, the Chargers would wrap up the game in the fourth quarter with Kaeding booting a 19-yard field goal and fullback Jacob Hester recovering a blocked punt in the end zone for a touchdown.
With the win, San Diego improved to 3–3.
Week 8: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Coming off their road win over the Chiefs, the Chargers went home, donned their alternate uniforms, and played a Week 8 divisional rematch with the Oakland Raiders. In the first quarter, San Diego struck first as running back LaDainian Tomlinson got a 6-yard touchdown run. The Raiders would answer in the second quarter with a 3-yard touchdown run by running back Justin Fargas, yet the Chargers stormed on as quarterback Philip Rivers hooked up wide receiver Vincent Jackson on an 8-yard touchdown pass, followed by Tomlinson getting a 10-yard touchdown run. Oakland would close out the half with a 48-yard field goal by kicker Sebastian Janikowski.
In the second half, the Raiders would slowly try to rally as Janikowski nailed a 41-yard field goal in the third quarter and a 41-yard field goal in the fourth. Afterwards, San Diego pulled away as kicker Nate Kaeding booted a 28-yard field goal.
With their 13th-straight win over Oakland, the Chargers improved to 4–3.
Week 9: at New York Giants.
Coming off their divisional home win over the Raiders, the Chargers flew to Giants Stadium for a Week 9 interconference duel with the New York Giants in the much-hyped first-ever meeting between quarterbacks Philip Rivers & Eli Manning (Drew Brees started for the Chargers when the teams met in 2005).
After a scoreless first quarter, San Diego would deliver the opening strike of the second quarter as Rivers completed a 10-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson. The Giants would answer with Manning completing a 6-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve Smith. In the third quarter, the Chargers regained the lead as Rivers found tight end Kris Wilson on a 1-yard touchdown pass. New York would take the lead in the fourth quarter as kicker Lawrence Tynes nailed a 38-yard field goal, Manning hooked up with tight end Kevin Boss on an 8-yard touchdown pass, and Tynes booted a 22-yard field goal. San Diego came right back as Rivers threw the game-winning 18-yard touchdown pass to Jackson.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 5–3 and kept their winning streak going by 3 games.
Week 10: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
Coming off their road win against the Giants, the Chargers went home for an interconference Duel with the Philadelphia Eagles. In the first quarter, the Chargers took the early lead as quarterback Philip Rivers got a 20-yard touchdown pass to fullback Mike Tolbert. In the second quarter, San Diego increased their lead as running back LaDainian Tomlinson got a 3-yard touchdown run. The Eagles would close out the half as David Akers kicked an 18-yard field goal and a 25-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, San Diego increased their lead as Tomlinson made a 20-yard touchdown run. Philadelphia tried to come back as Akers nailed another 25-yard field goal, but the Chargers increased their lead even further as Rivers hooked up with wide receiver Legedu Naanee on a 20-yard touchdown pass. For the fourth quarter, the Eagles tried to close the margin as quarterback Donovan McNabb passed to wide receiver Jeremy Maclin on a 5-yard touchdown pass, followed by a 6-yard touchdown pass to tight end Brent Celek, yet the Chargers hung on for the victory when kicker Nate Kaeding got a 29-yard field goal.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 6–3 and their winning streak to 4 games.
LaDainian Tomlinson (24 carries, 96 yards, 2 TDs) would surpass Marcus Allen for third place in the NFL's All-Time career touchdown leaders with 146.
Week 11: at Denver Broncos.
Coming off their win against the Eagles, the Chargers flew to INVESCO Field at Mile High for an AFC West rivalry rematch against the Denver Broncos.
In the first half, the Chargers got off to a great start when QB Philip Rivers got a 2-yard touchdown pass to WR Legedu Naanee. Then kicker Nate Kaeding hit a 28 and a 47-yard field goal. In the third quarter the Broncos scored their only points of the game when kicker Matt Prater got a 23-yard field goal, yet the Chargers replied and started to rally with RB LaDainian Tomlinson getting a 1-yard touchdown run, and in the fourth quarter Kaeding making a 28 then a 19-yard field goal, and finally FB Mike Tolbert ran 8 yards to the end zone for a touchdown (With PAT kick blocked).
With the impressive win, the Chargers improve to 7–3
Week 12: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
Looking to increase their win streak, the Chargers went home for an AFC West rivalry rematch against the Kansas City Chiefs. In the first quarter the Chargers took control as QB Philip Rivers got a 19-yard touchdown pass to TE Antonio Gates. The Chiefs would reply to tie the game with QB Matt Cassel making a 7-yard touchdown pass to WR Chris Chambers, until San Diego rallied with RB LaDainian Tomlinson getting a 1-yard touchdown run, then Rivers hooking up with Gates again on a 15-yard touchdown pass, then DB Paul Oliver returned a fumble 40 yards for a touchdown.
In the third quarter the Chargers dominance continued as RB LaDainian Tomlinson got a 3-yard touchdown run. The Chiefs tried to come back with RB Jamaal Charles getting a 2-yard touchdown run, but the Chargers would pull away with kicker Nate Kaeding making a 55-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter a penalty on Matt Cassel was enforced in the end zone for a safety, giving the Chargers 2 points. The final score was made when Kaeding booted a 23-yard field goal.
With the win, the Chargers improve to 8–3.
Week 13: at Cleveland Browns.
LaDanian Tomlinson had a game he would not soon forget. He passed Jim Brown, who happened to be sitting up in a suite. When Tomlinson passed him in the all time rushing list, which made him number eight of all time rushers, he saluted the retired running back.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 9–3, and expanded their winning streak to seven games.
Week 14: at Dallas Cowboys.
San Diego came in with a 15–0 December record dated to 2005. San Diego gave up a field goal, then went on a 10-point streak. At the end of the third quarter, Dallas tied the game 10–10. Then the chargers piled up 10 more points, eating up the clock. By the time Dallas struck back, it was too late.
With the win, the Chargers increased their win streak to 8, and had a 10–3 record.
Week 15: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
The Chargers took a 14–13 lead in the first half. During halftime, a piece was shown about the life of the Bengal's wide receiver Chris Henry. The Chargers were up in the 4th quarter 24–13 before the Bengals score a TD with a 2-Point conversion and a field goal tying the game. The Chargers won in the end with a 52-yard field goal by Nate Kaeding.
The close win put the Chargers at 11–3. It marked their 9th straight win and 17th straight win in December. With this win and a 20–19 loss by Denver to Oakland the Chargers clinched the AFC West.
Week 16: at Tennessee Titans.
The Chargers came into the game looking to clinch the AFC's No. 2 seed and a first round bye.
The Titans struck first with a Rob Bironas 46-yard field goal. Then 2 touchdown passes and a LT TD run put them up 21–10 at halftime. After the break the Chargers continued their demolition of the Titans with three straight TD runs. The game's final score was 42–17.
With the win, the Chargers improved to 12–3, grabbed a first round bye and the No. 2 seed along with their 10th straight win.
Week 17: vs. Washington Redskins.
With the win, the Chargers finished the season with an 11-game winning streak and with a record of 13–3 and also were the only team in the AFC West to sweep the whole NFC East.
Post-season results.
AFC Divisional Game: vs. New York Jets.
Entering the playoffs as the AFC's No. 2 seed, the Chargers began their playoff run at home in the AFC Divisional Round against the No. 5 New York Jets. After a scoreless first quarter, San Diego delivered the game's first strike in the second quarter as quarterback Philip Rivers found fullback Kris Wilson on a 13-yard touchdown pass. The Jets would respond in the third quarter with a 46-yard field goal from kicker Jay Feely. Philip Rivers threw two interceptions and the San Diego Chargers offense failed to get one first down as the Jets defense controlled the third quarter. Then, New York would take the lead in the fourth quarter as quarterback Mark Sanchez completed a 2-yard touchdown pass to tight end Dustin Keller, followed by a 53-yard touchdown run from running back Shonn Greene. The Chargers unsuccessfully tried to rally as struggling quarterback Philip Rivers got a 1-yard touchdown run. However, the Chargers failed to recover the onside kick giving the Jets the ball at the Chargers 28-yard line. The Chargers held the Jets to a 4th and 1 yard to go situation, but the Jets ran the ball converting the first down and kneeled the ball to end the game, finishing the Chargers' season

</doc>
<doc id="20872765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872765" title="Talc City Hills">
Talc City Hills

The Talc City Hills is a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, near Death Valley in Inyo County, California. They are just north of California State Route 190 near Panamint Springs, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20872776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872776" title="Tecopa Hills">
Tecopa Hills

The Tecopa Hills are a mountain range of the Mojave Desert in extreme eastern Inyo County, California.
They are east of lower Death Valley and the Amargosa Range, near the Amargosa River and Tecopa, California
References.
Category: Mountain ranges of the Mojave Desert

</doc>
<doc id="20872787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872787" title="Youssef Achami">
Youssef Achami

Club career.
Achami played for Raja Casablanca at the 2000 FIFA Club World Championship. He also had a spell in the Netherlands with FC Eindhoven.

</doc>
<doc id="20872799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872799" title="2009 Cincinnati Bengals season">
2009 Cincinnati Bengals season

The 2009 Cincinnati Bengals season was the 40th season for the team in the National Football League and their 42nd overall. They finished the season at 10–6–0, and sweeping the entire AFC North division, they improved on their 2008 record of 4–11–1, winning the AFC North Division and making the playoffs for the first time since 2005. Their season ended with a 24–14 loss against the New York Jets in the AFC Wild Card Playoff Round.
The head coach was Marvin Lewis, who has coached the team since 2003. He was chosen by the Associated Press as its NFL Coach of the Year following the season. Lewis was recognized for turning around the Bengals in the face of serious off-the-field adversity. First, three players were personally affected by the tsunami that hit American Samoa in late September. Shortly after this disaster, Vikki Zimmer, the wife of defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer, unexpectedly died. Finally, wide receiver Chris Henry, who suffered a season-ending injury in Week 9, died in December from injuries suffered when he fell from the back of a pickup truck during a domestic dispute.
Off-season.
Free agents.
The following players who were on the Bengals' 2008 roster were eligible for free agency in 2009 or have been released by the team. A green background indicates that the player re-signed with the Bengals.
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Denver Broncos.
The Bengals began their season in a Week 1 duel with the Denver Broncos. Both teams' defense held each other in check, while Broncos kicker Matt Prater got a 48-yard field goal in the second quarter and a 50-yard field goal in the third. WR Brandon Stokley grabbed a deflected pass and raced into the end zone for an improbable 87-yard touchdown reception in the final seconds. This came after the Bengals scored a go-ahead touchdown on RB Cedric Benson's 1-yard plunge with 38 seconds remaining. QB Carson Palmer had one last effort on the final play of the game, but his desperation pass was intercepted.
With the loss, Cincinnati started the season at 0–1.
Week 2: at Green Bay Packers.
Hoping to rebound from a tough last-second loss to the Broncos, the Bengals flew to Lambeau Field for a Week 2 interconference duel with the Green Bay Packers. Cincinnati delivered the first score in the opening score as quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Laveranues Coles. The Packers would respond as quarterback Aaron Rodgers completed a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Donald Driver, followed by running back Ryan Grant getting a 4-yard touchdown run. In the second quarter, the Bengals tied the game as Palmer got a 1-yard touchdown run. Green Bay would reply with cornerback Charles Woodson returning an interception 37 yards for a touchdown. Cincinnati would end the half as Palmer completed a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chris Henry.
The Bengals would take the lead in the third quarter as Palmer completed a 13-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chad Ochocinco. In the fourth quarter, Cincinnati pulled away as kicker Shayne Graham nailed a 40-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Packers delivered their only response as kicker Mason Crosby got a 45-yard field goal.
With the win, the Bengals improved to 1–1. This was the first game the franchise had ever won in Green Bay.
Week 3: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
Coming off the win the previous week in Green Bay, the Bengals faced the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers back home in Cincinnati. The game was scoreless until halfway into the opening quarter, when Steelers kicker Jeff Reed kicked a 19-yard field goal to put the Steelers on the scoreboard 3–0. 6 minutes later, Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger threw a 27-yard touchdown pass to RB Willie Parker to increase Pittsburgh's lead to 10–0 at the end of the first quarter.
They would add to that lead 3 minutes into the second quarter with another field goal by Reed, this one from 24 yards. Not until the final seconds of the first half would the Bengals make a mark on the scoreboard, with a 34-yard field goal by Cincinnati K Shayne Graham. At halftime the score was 13–3.
In the second half, the Bengals took advantage of the Steelers mistakes, when Bengals CB Johnathan Joseph intercepted a Ben Roethlisberger pass, returning it 30 yards for a TD. The PAT would not be successful because of a bad snap by Bengals LS Brad St. Louis. The Bengals had cut down the Steeler lead to 4 points, 13–9. At the 3 minute mark in the third quarter the Steelers would extend the lead on a quarterback sneak by Roethlisberger to put Pittsburgh ahead by 11 points, 20–9.
In the fourth quarter, with 9 minutes left in the game, Bengals RB Cedric Benson ran 23 yards for a Bengals touchdown, cutting the deficit to 5 points, 20–15. In the final two minutes of the game, Bengals QB Carson Palmer drove his team down the field converting both fourth down opportunities, one being a 4th and 10 completion to RB Brian Leonard for 11 yards. With 18 seconds left in the game, on the Steeler 4, Carson Palmer threw a touchdown pass to WR Andre Caldwell, putting the Bengals in the lead for good, with a successful two-point conversion by Leonard.
With the win, not only did the Bengals improve to 2–1, but they acquired their first home victory against the Steelers since 2001.
Week 4: at Cleveland Browns.
Emerging from their divisional home win over the Steelers, the Bengals flew to Cleveland Browns Stadium for a Week 4 AFC North duel with the Cleveland Browns in Round 1 of 2009's Battle of Ohio. Cincinnati would start out fast in the first quarter with quarterback Carson Palmer's 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chad Ochocinco. In the second quarter, the Bengals would add to their lead with defensive end Robert Geathers returning a fumble 75 yards for a touchdown. The Browns would then close out the half with quarterback Derek Anderson's 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Steve Heiden.
Cleveland would tie the game in the third quarter with Anderson's 1-yard touchdown run. In the fourth quarter, the Browns would take the lead with kicker Billy Cundiff's 26-yard and 31-yard field goals. Afterwards, Cincinnati would tie the game with Palmer and Ochocinco hooking up with each other again on a 2-yard touchdown pass (yet the following PAT was blocked). In a back-and-forth overtime, both Ohio teams fought each for possession. In the end, the Bengals would emerge on top as kicker Shayne Graham kicked the game-winning 31-yard field goal.
With the win, Cincinnati improved to 3–1, and, with the Baltimore Ravens loss later that day, tied the Ravens for first place in the division.
Following this victory, the Bengals earned the nickname the "Cardiac Cats" for pulling through in the clutch and coming from behind in three straight games for a victory.
For three Bengals players, this game was overshadowed by events that took place thousands of miles away. Jonathan Fanene, Rey Maualuga, and Domata Peko all have family in American Samoa, which was hit by a major tsunami the Tuesday before the game. All three struggled to contact their families in the aftermath of the disaster.
Week 5: at Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off their overtime win over the Browns, the Bengals looked to win for Defensive Coordinator Mike Zimmer who had lost his wife during the week as they flew to M&T Bank Stadium for a Week 5 AFC North duel with the Baltimore Ravens. The winner of this game would take the lead in the division after five weeks.
After a scoreless first quarter, the Bengals would trail in the second quarter with Ravens safety Ed Reed returning an interception 52 yards for a touchdown. Cincinnati would begin to build steam as kicker Shayne Graham nailed a 32-yard field goal. The Bengals would take the lead in the third quarter with a 28-yard touchdown run from running back Cedric Benson. Baltimore then came back in the fourth quarter when Ray Rice caught a screen pass and ran it 48 yards for the go-ahead touchdown, but with 27 seconds left, Cincinnati would complete their comeback with a 20-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Carson Palmer to wide receiver Andre Caldwell, which led to Gus Johnson's line, "The Cardiac Cats strike again."
With the win, not only did the Bengals take the division lead at 4–1, but Benson (27 carries, 120 yards, 1 TD) would snap the Ravens defense's 40-game streak of not allowing a 100-yard rusher.
Week 6: vs. Houston Texans.
Coming off their thrilling road win over the Ravens, the Bengals went home for a Week 6 duel with the Houston Texans. Cincinnati would trail in the first quarter as Texans quarterback Matt Schaub hooked up with tight end Owen Daniels on a 12-yard touchdown pass. The Bengals would get on the board in the second quarter with running back Cedric Benson's 10-yard touchdown run. Houston would retake the lead with Schaub's 38-yard touchdown pass to running back Steve Slaton, yet Cincinnati would get the halftime lead with quarterback Carson Palmer's 8-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Laveranues Coles and kicker Shayne Graham's 50-yard field goal.
However, the Texans struck back in the third quarter as Schaub completed a 23-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jacoby Jones, followed by a 7-yard touchdown pass to Daniels. Try as they might, the offense could not produce another miraculous win as Houston's defense held on for the win.
With the loss, the Bengals fell to 4–2.
Week 7: vs. Chicago Bears.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Texans, the Bengals stayed at home for a Week 7 inter conference duel with the Chicago Bears. In the first quarter, Cincinnati got off to a fast start as quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chris Henry and an 8-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chad Ochocinco. The Bengals would continue their dominating day in the second quarter as Palmer found tight end J.P. Foschi on a 3-yard touchdown pass and wide receiver Laveranues Coles on an 8-yard touchdown pass, followed by kicker Shayne Graham booting a 29-yard field goal. The Bears would close out the half with a 22-yard field goal from kicker Robbie Gould.
Afterwards, Cincinnati would pull away Palmer finding Ochocinco again on a 13-yard touchdown pass in the third quarter, followed by former Chicago running back Cedric Benson's 1-yard touchdown run. The Bears would then end the game with quarterback Jay Cutler hooking up with wide receiver Devin Hester on a 5-yard touchdown pass.
With the win, the Bengals went into their bye week at 5–2.
Week 9: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off their bye week, the Bengals stayed at home for a Week 9 AFC North rematch with the Baltimore Ravens. Cincinnati would get off to a fast start in the first quarter as quarterback Carson Palmer hooked up with wide receiver Andre Caldwell on a 6-yard touchdown pass, while running back Cedric Benson got a 1-yard touchdown run. In the second quarter, the Bengals would add onto their lead as kicker Shayne Graham nailed a 23-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, the Ravens tried to strike back in the fourth quarter with running back Ray Rice getting a 2-yard touchdown run, yet Cincinnati's defense held on for the victory. Chad Ochocinco jokingly flashed a $1 bill at a referee during the third quarter, and was subsequently fined $20,000 by the NFL.
With the seasonal sweep over the Ravens for the 2nd time in 3 seasons, the Bengals improved to 6–2.
Benson (34 carries, 117 yards, 1 TD) would join Jerome Bettis in 1997 as the only running backs to run for over 100 yards against the Ravens twice in the same season.
This turned out to be Chris Henry's final game, as he was injured during the game and was placed on season-ending injured reserve. He was killed by injuries relating to a fall from a pick-up truck a month later.
Week 10: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
Coming off their season-sweeping home win over the Ravens, the Bengals flew to Heinz Field for a Week 10 AFC North rematch with the Pittsburgh Steelers with 1st place in the division on the line.
Cincinnati would trail in the first quarter as Steelers kicker Jeff Reed got a 28-yard field goal. The Bengals would immediately strike back as rookie running back Bernard Scott returned a kickoff 96 yards for a touchdown. In the second quarter, Pittsburgh would retake the lead with Reed's 33-yard and 35-yard field goals.
Cincinnati would regain the lead in the third quarter with kicker Shayne Graham getting a 23-yard and a 32-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Steelers would tie the game with Reed booting a 34-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Bengals would pull away wit Graham nailing a 32-yard and a 43-yard field goal.
With the win, not only did the Bengals improve to 7–2, but they acquired their first season-sweep over Pittsburgh since 1998 as the Steelers fell to 6–3.
Week 11: at Oakland Raiders.
Coming off their road win over the Steelers, the Bengals flew to Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum for a Week 11 duel with the Oakland Raiders. In the first quarter, the Bengals have the early lead as QB Carson Palmer scrambled 1 yard to the end zone for a touchdown. In the second quarter Palmer again made a 1-yard touchdown run. The Oakland would reply with QB Bruce Gradkowski making a 10-yard touchdown pass to TE Zach Miller, and kicker Sebastian Janikowski hitting a 52-yard field goal in the third quarter. To rap up the third quarter kicker Shayne Graham made a 25-yard field goal for the Bengals. In the fourth quarter Oakland rallied as Gradkowski hooked up with WR Louis Murphy on 29-yard touchdown pass to tie the game and eventually the Raiders pulled out the win as Sebastian Janikowski hit the game winning 33-yard field goal with 12 seconds left to give Cincinnati a loss.
With the loss, Cincinnati fell to 7–3.
Week 12: vs. Cleveland Browns.
Hoping to rebound from their week 11 loss to Oakland, the Bengals stayed home for round two of the 2009 Battle of Ohio against the Cleveland Browns. The Bengals' first score came when Shayne Graham kicked a 37-yard field goal with 8:48 left in the first quarter, to make the score 3–0. With 6:38 left in the second quarter, J.Foschi caught a 4-yard touchdown pass from Carson Palmer to make the Bengals lead 10–0. The score at halftime was 13–0, after Shayne Graham kicked a 53-yard field goal with 0:21 left in the 2nd quarter.
The Browns' first and only score of the game was a 9-yard touchdown run by Brady Quinn, to make the score 13–7. The Bengals got a field goal in the 3rd quarter to make the score 16–7. The final score of the game was Bengals 16, Browns 7.
With the win, not only did the Bengals improve to 8–3, but they won all of their division matches for the first time in franchise history. Also, this would be the first season since the 2006 season where the Bengals won both games against the Browns.
Week 13: vs. Detroit Lions.
After the week 12 win over the Cleveland Browns, the Bengals stayed home for a game against the Detroit Lions. The first and only score of the first quarter for both teams came when the Lions' Calvin Johnson caught a 54-yard pass from Matthew Stafford for a touchdown, which made the Lions lead 7–0 at the end of the first quarter. In the second quarter, with 11:50 left, Jonathan Fanene got a 45-yard interception pass for a touchdown, which tied the game 7–7. Later in the 2nd quarter, with 5:50 left, Chad Ochocinco caught a 36-yard pass from Carson Palmer for a touchdown, which made the Bengals lead by 7. In celebration, he donned a poncho and sombrero, for which the NFL handed him another $20,000 fine. A 44-yard field goal by Shayne Graham with 0:09 left in the half made the halftime score 17–7. A 39-yard field goal by Shayne Graham was the only score for both teams in the 3rd quarter. With 8:11 left in the 4th quarter, Shayne Graham kicked a 23-yard field goal, to make the score 23–7. The Lions later had a 2-yard touchdown run by Kevin Smith with 1:36 left in the game. The Lions then attempted a 2-point conversion, but failed, making the final score 23–13.
With the win, the Bengals improved to 9–3 and secured only their third winning season in nineteen years [http://football.realgm.com/src_wiretap_archives/14875/20091206/bengals_clinch_second_winning_season_in_19_years/].
Week 14: at Minnesota Vikings.
Following the Week 13 win over the Detroit Lions at home, the Bengals traveled to the Metrodome, looking for a big win over the Minnesota Vikings. In the opening quarter of the game, no one scored. The Vikings scored a field goal about 40 seconds into the second quarter, making them lead 3–0. Later in the second quarter, Sidney Rice caught a 9-yard touchdown pass from Brett Favre to make the score 10–0. The Bengals also scored in the second quarter with a 15-yard touchdown pass caught by Chad Ochocinco from Carson Palmer. The Vikings got two more field goals in the first half, making the score at halftime 16–7. The first and only score in the third quarter came for the Vikings when Adrian Peterson had a 1-yard touchdown run, to extend the Vikings' lead to 23–7. In the final quarter of the game, Shayne Graham Got a 22-yard field goal to make the score 23–10. The field goal was followed by a 3-yard touchdown run by Adrian Peterson for the Vikings, to make the final score 30–10.
Cedric Benson had 96 yards rushing. Chad Ochocinco had 27 yards receiving and one touchdown, and Andre Caldwell had 25 yards receiving.
With the Loss, the Bengals fell to 9–4.
Week 15: at San Diego Chargers.
Still looking to clinch the AFC North Division after a disappointing road loss in Minnesota, the Bengals traveled west to take on the San Diego Chargers at Quallcomm Stadium. During the week, Chris Henry had died, and to honor him, the team all wore the number 15 on their helmets. Chad Ochocinco paid tribute to his teammate by kneeling for a prayer after he scored a touchdown in the first quarter.
The Chargers were the first to score, when Antonio Gates caught a 3-yard touchdown pass from Philip Rivers. The Bengals answered back with a 26-yard field goal by Shayne Graham to make the score 7–3. In the second quarter, Chad Ochocinco caught a 49-yard touchdown pass from Carson Palmer, and the Bengals took the lead, 10–7. Following the Bengals' touchdown, the Chargers also got a touchdown, to put the Chargers back on top, 14–10. Near the end of the first half, Shayne Graham kicked another field goal, this time from 25 yards, to make the score 14–13 at halftime. The Bengals could not manage to score in the 3rd quarter, while the Chargers got a touchdown and a field goal. The score was 24–13 at the end of the 3rd quarter. The Bengals finally managed to score in the 4th quarter when Laveranues Coles caught a 2-yard touchdown pass from Carson Palmer. The Bengals went for a two-point conversion, and were successful, making the score 24–21. Later in the quarter, Shayne Graham kicked another field goal, tying the game at 24 points for each team. The Chargers were then able to reach field goal range, and Nate Kaeding kicked a long 52-yard field goal to win the game.
With a second straight loss, Cincinnati fell to 9–5.
Due to the Baltimore Ravens win over the Chicago Bears, The Bengals were unable to claim the AFC North Division title.
Week 16: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
Still looking to win the AFC North division after a disappointing Week 15 loss at San Diego, the Bengals went back home to Cincinnati to take on the Kansas City Chiefs.
The first quarter was quiet, with neither team managing to get any points.
Near the end of the first half, the Chiefs got a penalty for a bad snap before a punt. The ball went over the kicker's head, and resulted in a 1st and Goal for the Bengals. Carson Palmer then threw a touchdown pass to Chad Ochocinco, but the touchdown was reversed because he went out of bounds before he made the catch. The Bengals were then forced to settle for a 29-yard field goal by Shayne Graham, to make the score 3–0 Bengals. At the end of the first half, Ryan Succop kicked a 30-yard field goal for the chiefs, making the halftime score a tie, 3–3.
The Bengals' offense did better at the beginning of the 3rd quarter, getting into the red zone in their first drive of the second half. Carson Palmer then threw a touchdown pass to Laveranues Coles, to put the Bengals on top, 10–3.
Eight seconds into the 4th quarter, Tim Castille caught his first career touchdown, a 20-yard reception, to tie the score again, 10–10. The Bengals got yet another touchdown in the 4th quarter, and won the game 17–10.
With the win, the Cincinnati Bengals clinched the AFC Northern Division Title and improved their regular season record to 10–5.
Week 17: at New York Jets.
After clinching the AFC north the previous week, the Bengals traveled to take on the New York Jets on Sunday Night Football. This would prove to be the final game to ever be played at Giants Stadium.
The Bengals did not score in the first quarter, while the Jets had a 1-yard touchdown run by Thomas Jones to put the Jets up 7–0. The Bengals also failed to score in the 2nd quarter, while the Jets' offense had a very productive 2nd quarter, scoring 20 points. The Jets got a 20-yard field goal, to make the score 10–0 Jets. Brad Smith then had a 32-yard touchdown run to make the score 17–0. The Jets then got another touchdown run by Jerricho Cotchery. to make the score 24–0. The Jets finished the half with another field goal, to make the halftime score 27–0 Jets. The only score of the 3rd quarter came when J. Feely got a 40-yard field goal, to make the score 30–0. The Jets finished the game with another touchdown run by Thomas Jones, this time from 2 yards. The final score was Jets 37, Bengals 0.
With the shutout loss, the Bengals finished the 2009 regular season with a record of 10–6. By far, this is the only time in the Marvin Lewis era that the team has been shutout and suffered their first regular season shutout loss since 2001 when they lost 16–0 to the Ravens which was also a road game.
Post season results.
AFC Wild Card Game: vs. New York Jets.
In the wild card round of the playoffs, the Jets now had to travel to Paul Brown Stadium. The Bengals scored first when Carson Palmer threw an 11-yard TD pass to Laveranues Coles. In the second quarter, Jets RB Shonn Greene ran 39 yards for a TD, and Carson Palmer threw an interception that was returned for 20 yards. Mark Sanchez passed to Dustin Keller for a 45-yard TD, and the next scoring drive would come in the third quarter when Thomas Jones made a 9-yard TD run. Cedric Benson made a 47-yard TD in the fourth quarter, and the Jets responded with a 20-yard FG by Jay Feely. They halted any further attempts by the Bengals at a scoring drive, sacking Carson Palmer twice. The Jets ran out the clock for the last two minutes to end the game at 24–14.

</doc>
<doc id="20872805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872805" title="Tejon Hills">
Tejon Hills

The Tejon Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in southern Kern County, California.
The Tejon Hills are on the west side of the Tehachapi Mountains facing the San Joaquin Valley, approximately west of the town of Tehachapi. The highest point of the hills is .

</doc>
<doc id="20872814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872814" title="Telephone Hills">
Telephone Hills

The Telephone Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Kern County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20872835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872835" title="Jack Cullen">
Jack Cullen

John Patrick Cullen (born October 6, 1939 in Newark, New Jersey) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Cullen played for the New York Yankees in , and . In 19 career games, he had a 4–4 record with a 3.07 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Cullen was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20872845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872845" title="Johnny Walker (footballer born 1973)">
Johnny Walker (footballer born 1973)

Johhny Walker (born 12 December 1973 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former professional association football player who played as a midfielder. He notably played for Rangers and Mansfield Town. He played between 1989 and 2004.
Walker started his playing career for Clydebank in 1989. The following year he earned himself a move to Rangers but in three years at Ibrox he only managed 3 first team appearances. In 1993 he made a move back to Clydebank, He then made a move to England in 1995, signing with Grimsby Town. He was brought Blundell Park by Brian Laws as the clubs highest paid player, after 3 years he then joined Mansfield Town following a loan spell at the club.
After spending time with Scarborough and Kingstonian, he returned to Scotland in 1999 to play out his career for Greenock Morton, Clydebank and Hamilton Academical.

</doc>
<doc id="20872863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872863" title="Showhouse">
Showhouse

Showhouse is an Irish makeover reality television series broadcast on RTÉ One. Presented by the interior architect Neville Knott, it is a creation of Vision Independent Productions, responsible for the popular television shows, "The Restaurant" and "Colm and Jim-Jim's Home Run". The concept of the show is that two professional interior designers take over two newly built and identical houses and compete to create a winning interior design. They have approximately twelve weeks to plan their design, followed by six days spent working on the interior. The seventh day is launch day when the public are allowed access to vote on the winning design. There have thus far been four series. A number of once-off celebrity editions have been broadcast; Linda Martin and Kevin Sharkey featured in the one after series two, whilst series four was followed up by featuring the models Pamela Flood and Lisa Murphy in an episode which was broadcast on 29 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20872864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872864" title="The Badlands (California)">
The Badlands (California)

The Badlands are a mountain range in Riverside County, California. They are also known as the San Timoteo Badlands. The range trend northwest–southeast with the San Jacinto Valley to the southwest, the San Timoteo Canyon to the northeast and the San Jacinto Mountains to the east. These mountains separate the cities of Beaumont and Moreno Valley, and California State Route 60 is the only highway that runs through the Badlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20872869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872869" title="USS LCI(L)-1092">
USS LCI(L)-1092

USS "LCI(L)-1092" was an built for the United States Navy in World War II. Like most ships of her class, she was not named and known only by her designation.
Operational history.
"LCI(L)-1092" was laid down at Defoe Shipbuilding Co. in Bay City, Michigan and commissioned 23 September 1944, two days after the commissioning of the 1091.
She was assigned to the Pacific Theatre and participated in the assault and occupation of Okinawa Gunto from 28 April to 30 June 1945. After a short hiatus, it was on occupation duty from 2 September to 16 December 1945.The "LCI(L)-1092" received two battle stars for World War II action.

</doc>
<doc id="20872873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872873" title="All the Way Up">
All the Way Up

All the Way Up is a 1970 British comedy film directed by James MacTaggart based on "Semi-Detached", a 1962 play by Midlands dramatist David Turner. It stars Richard Briers, Warren Mitchell, Pat Heywood, Kenneth Cranham, Adrienne Posta and Elaine Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="20872882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872882" title="Gabby's Diner">
Gabby's Diner

"Gabby's Diner" is the 107th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 28, 1961, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Gabby Gator (voiced by Daws Butler), living in the Everglades, is suffering from utter starvation. Upon looking in the sky, he sees Woody Woodpecker happily flying overhead. Gabby takes out a shotgun and fires at the woodpecker and misses. Woody, however, sees Gabby's sign advertising the "Fryer's Club Hotel" and decides to satisfy his curiosity. The conniving alligator convinces Woody that his home is a luxury hotel, and sends the woodpecker up to "Room 350" (in truth, the temperature the oven is set at that Woody is bunking in). Woody begins to sweat profusely and requests "room service" by asking that ice be sent up. The ice manages to bring the stifling temperature down, eventually turning the oven off. 
Gabby then advises Woody that his hotel likes to tuck their guests in at night. In reality, Gabby puts Woody in a baking pan, and places dough on top of him. Woody catches on to this plan, and replaces the standard dough with Quick Rise Baking Powder. Unaware, Gabby bakes the pie, sending the rising dough high above his home, eventually splattering all over southern Florida.
Notes.
The name "Fryer's Club Hotel" is a pun on the Friars Club of Beverly Hills, a private show business club started in 1947 by comedian/actor Milton Berle.

</doc>
<doc id="20872908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872908" title="The Girdle">
The Girdle

The Girdle is a mountain range in Sonoma County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20872952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872952" title="Sérgio Milliet">
Sérgio Milliet

Sérgio Milliet da Costa e Silva, generally known as Sérgio Milliet (São Paulo November 20, 1898 — São Paulo November 9, 1966) was a Brazilian writer, painter, poet, 
essayist, literary and art critic, and sociologist. 

</doc>
<doc id="20872956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872956" title="René Stapp">
René Stapp

René Stapp was a French racing driver who in 1932 attempted to break the land speed record with one of the most outlandish, and ugliest, cars to ever attempt to do so. 
The car was built in Paris between 1930 and 1932, then taken to the popular Daytona Beach venue in the United States for an attempt at the land speed record.
Power was supplied by two Bristol Jupiter radial aero engines. Some web sources also describe the car itself as being named ""Jupiter"". Assuming a generous 600 bhp per engine in racing trim, this would have given a power comparable to Malcolm Campbell's cars and so it wasn't an obviously impossible contender. However the general engineering was at the Heath Robinson level and failed to inspire confidence. 
The car was destroyed by fire on the beach at La Baule, a popular motor-racing venue of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="20872962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872962" title="List of chairmen of Wiltshire County Council">
List of chairmen of Wiltshire County Council

This is a list of the Chairmen of Wiltshire County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20872969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872969" title="The Palisades (Napa County)">
The Palisades (Napa County)

The Palisades are a mountain range in Napa County, California.
The Palisades are located in Robert Louis Stevenson State Park on the other side of California 29 as Mt. St. Helena. The Palisades trailhead is located on the valley floor of the Napa Valley near Calistoga and is a 6 mile one way hike.

</doc>
<doc id="20872990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872990" title="Tiffany Claus">
Tiffany Claus

Tiffany Claus (born July 14, 1980) is an American actress, model, classically trained mezzo-soprano vocalist, and professional oil painter. She is best known for her resemblance to actress Angelina Jolie. Claus is a professional Jolie impersonator, body double and stand-in. She is of German and Russian heritage.
She studied fine art and music and graduated with a bachelor's of Arts in Psychology and Art and Design with minors in Art History. She pursued a degree in Art Therapy before becoming an actress. She is most recently known for films such as "Meet the Spartans" (2008) and National Lampoon's "301: The Legend of Awesomest Maximus" (2009).
She has appearanced in "People", "Maxim", "Stuff", and "Marie Claire" and TV appearances on "Chelsea Lately", and "The Tyra Banks Show".

</doc>
<doc id="20872998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872998" title="Victoria Valentine">
Victoria Valentine

Victoria Valentine born in the 1960s is an American writer, poet, entrepreneur and book publisher. She is a long-time resident of Dutchess County and graduated Pleasantville High School (New York) in 1972. Her work has been published in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, India and South Africa. 
Victoria Valentine is the author of "The Cutest Little Duckie", and co-author of "At the Stroke Of Midnight, 24 Tales of Terror". She is also the founder, publisher and editor of Skyline Publications, launched in September 2001.
Bibliography.
Lyricist.
Valentine wrote lyrics for five songs included on the "Eyes of Ash" CD by alternative rock band Unintended.
Essays.
Writers and Small Press Publishers A View From Both Sides; Victoria Valentine & Adam Donaldson Powell

</doc>
<doc id="20872999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20872999" title="Amanatun">
Amanatun

Amanatun was an Atoni princedom situated in what is today Indonesian West Timor, which existed up to 1962. It was also known as the princedom of Onam. The area once included one of the best ports where the commercially important sandalwood was loaded on Dutch and Portuguese ships.
Origins of the kingdom.
According to local legend, the ancestor of the royal line, Banu Naek, emerged from the sea together with his brothers Liurai and Sonbai. Liurai settled in South Belu and Sonbai in West Timor, and they were the ancestors of princely lineages in these regions. Banu Naek remained in Nokas and Nitibani near the south coast and was acknowledged as ruler by the locals. Since his belongings, and his own body, were golden (natun), his princedom was given the name Amanatun. The "sonaf" (residence) of the prince was situated in Nunkolo in the interior, which was inaccessible to enemies. At his side there was a lineage of "Uis Pah" (lords of the land) with various practical tasks, such as surveying land, defining borders, and deciding shares of the harvest. The "Uis Pah" stayed at Menu on the south coast, close to the port Boking where trading activities took place. On lower levels of the traditional ruling system, there were fettors (district chiefs) and greater and smaller temukungs (settlement chiefs).
Contacts with Europeans and Eurasians.
In European documentary sources the area first appears in the 16th century as Batumean, actually the name of a coastal village. The princedom of Batumean consisted of the more important Amanatun in the west, which subsequently gave its name to the entire domain, and Amanesi (Nenometan) to the east. The sandalwood riches of Batumean soon attracted the Portuguese traders based on Solor and later Larantuka. After 1613 the Dutch East India Company (Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie or VOC) likewise competed for the wood. A third rival was the Indonesian kingdom of Makassar which devastated Batumean with a fleet in 1641. After this calamity Batumean approached the Portuguese Eurasians or Topasses in Larantuka and the princely family was baptized by the Dominican missionaries. In spite of a brief anti-Portuguese resistance in 1655, Batumean stayed a vassal under the Topasses for the next century. The name Batumean disappeared by the end of the 17th century, and the domain was subsequently known just as Amanatun. The resources in sandalwood appears to have dwindled in this period, and the area was left much to itself.
Under Dutch suzerainty.
After a major Topass defeat against the VOC forces of Kupang in 1749, large parts of West Timor submitted to Dutch suzerainty, including Amanatun. However, it was too distant from Kupang to be effectively monitored. It was only in the early 20th century that a real colonial rule was implemented. A Dutch column marched into Amanatun in 1906 as a part of a larger campaign of pacification of West Timor. A number of skirmishes with local chiefs took place in the years up to 1910. Some eastern parts of the princedom, Anas-Nenometan, which had previously been absorbed by the Wehali kingdom, were returned to Amanatun in 1910. By this time the princedom covered 917 square kilometers and had 15,300 inhabitants. The raja Muti Banu Naek was deposed in 1915 for his opposition against Dutch designs. His three successors governed as zelfbestuurders (rajas under colonial surveillance) until the definite departure of the Dutch in 1949. The last raja Lodeweyk Lourens Don Louis Banu Naek was in charge of Amanatun in the first years of Indonesian independence to 1962, when it was changed into a kecamatan (administrative district). It is now a part of the kabupaten (regency) Timor Tengah Selatan.

</doc>
<doc id="20873009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873009" title="Greg Amsinger">
Greg Amsinger

Greg Amsinger (b. May 24, 1979, St. Louis, MO) is an American sportscaster and currently a studio host for MLB Network. 
Career.
Prior to arriving at MLB Network in 2009, Amsinger had worked at CBS College Sports/CSTV and at WTHI-TV in Terre Haute, IN. A 2001 graduate of Lindenwood University (St. Charles, MO), Amsinger worked numerous part-time radio jobs while in school including a two-year stint as producer of the St. Louis Cardinals Baseball Radio Network at KMOX. Other side jobs included play-by-play broadcaster at KSLQ radio and inaugural voice of the now defunct River City Renegades indoor professional football organization. 
CBS College Sports/CSTV.
Before signing with MLB, Amsinger was the first and primary studio host for CBS College Sports Network (formerly CSTV). He hosted numerous shows like "Crystal Ball", "Inside College Football", "The #1 College Sports Show", "Generation Next" and "NCAA March Madness Highlight"s (the official highlight show of the NCAA men's basketball tournament). He has done play-by-play for women's college basketball and paintball. 
In 2006, he hosted the "SEC Preview Show" with Gary Danielson and Brian Jones. In 2007, Amsinger co-hosted the "World Series of Video Games" with former MTV host Susie Castillo. In 2008, Amsinger also hosted the Tour de France for CBS.
MLB Network.
Amsinger is currently a studio host at MLB Network, regularly appearing on MLB Tonight, Quick Pitch, and special event coverage including MLB's All-Star Game, Postseason and World Series. Amsinger also hosts MLB Productions' weekly show for the 2012 MLB regular season, Player Poll.

</doc>
<doc id="20873015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873015" title="Seiko Shimakage">
Seiko Shimakage

She was born in Sakata.
In 1972 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20873026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873026" title="Brock Spack">
Brock Spack

Brock Spack is the head coach of Illinois State University football. He was appointed to the position in December 2008. Previously, he was the defensive coordinator at Purdue University under Joe Tiller. In his first three seasons with ISU, Spack's team had a winning record (6-5, 6-5 and 7-4).
Spack played Middle Linebacker at Purdue from 1980-1983. Spack graduated from Purdue in 1984 with a bachelor's degree in social studies. He earned a master's degree in physical education from Eastern Illinois in 1990. Spack played linebacker for the Boilermakers from 1980–83, earning first-team All-Big Ten and honorable mention All-America honors as a sophomore. He was a three-year starter and currently ranks fifth on the Boilermakers' career tackles list with 384.
After graduation, he was a graduate assistant in football at Purdue for the 1984 & 1985 seasons, where he worked with Joe Tiller (defensive coordinator) and Jim Colletto (offensive coordinator) under head coach Leon Burtnett. When Jim Colletto was hired to replace Burtnett after the 1990 season, he retained Brock as a defensive coach from 1991-1994. For the 1995 season, Joe Tiller hired Brock Spack as defensive coordinator at Wyoming, where he coached two seasons before following Joe Tiller to Purdue in 1997 and remained defensive coordinator until 2008. 
In the 2008 season, Danny Hope was hired to return to Purdue to become head coach in 2009 upon Joe Tiller's retirement. Spack had interviewed for the position, but Hope had the edge with head coaching experience that Spack lacked. Spack coached with Hope during the 2008 season under Tiller and had indicated his intention to stay on Hope's staff, but ultimately, when offered a head coaching position at Illinois State, Spack decided to leave his alma mater starting with the 2009 season.
A native of Rockford, Ill., Spack and his wife, Aimee, a former Purdue cheerleader, have two children, Alicia who played softball for Purdue and Brent, who was a linebacker for Illinois State.

</doc>
<doc id="20873044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20873044" title="Michiko Shiokawa">
Michiko Shiokawa

In 1972 she was part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. She played all five matches.

</doc>
