<doc id="20896055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896055" title="Goal-Driven Software Development Process">
Goal-Driven Software Development Process

Goal-Driven Software Development Process (GDP) is an iterative and incremental software development technique. Although similar to other modern process models, GDP is primarily focusing on identifying goals "before" setting the requirements and explicitly utilizing the bottom-up design approach.
The following sections are based on the paper "Goal-Driven Software Development" where the GDP concept was introduced.
Justification.
The first argument to embrace the GDP principles is the aspect of requirements. When developing software, the strong concentration on requirements (e.g. typical for the waterfall model) causes excessive costs and reduced quality of the outcome, mainly due to the following reasons:
The result of these two effects is usually a large number of change requests during and after development (entailing time and cost overruns), therefore user involvement is considered to be a critical project success factor.
Secondly, while established software processes refine requirements down to an implementation, the Goal-driven Development Process recommends trying to find an optimal mapping between business objectives and capabilities of
the technical platform in an "iterative" process, equally considering and adjusting business goals and technical aspects to come to an optimal, "convergent" solution.
Goal-driven development process allows stakeholders to:
Key principles.
Collaborative goal identification.
As closely related to the Goal-Question-Metric paradigm, a top-level goal is defined as an informal description of what a stakeholder wants to change or improve in his business environment, decomposing itself to more specific sub-goals. Moreover, a set of questions is linked to every goal, which characterizes the way how software will be tested against defined goals after each iteration.
Being this the key GDP principle, the collaborative identification of goals brings knowledge of users and software developers together. While goal definition is top-down driven, deciding, if a goal is feasible is bottom-up oriented.
Top-down and bottom-up convergence.
While the top-down orientation supports a horizontal team organization, bottom-up approaches try to provide generalized components or services, leading to a better user satisfaction. The collaborative identification of goals introduced by GDP allows combining top-down with bottom-up aspects (“"top-down thinking and bottom-up acting"” ) to support artifacts consistency and allowing vertical team organization.
Vertical team organization.
In contrast to horizontally organized project teams where programmers implement the solution specified by the modeling team, the vertical organization implied by the GDP requires skilled and qualified generalists. As stated by IBM Rational Unified Process, individual developers can and "should" take multiple roles on a project to avoid unnecessary communication overhead and conflicts.
Roles and people.
Because of its vertical organization the GDP requires skilled generalists with the ability to fulfill many roles of the process:
Minimizing project size.
According to GDP, another key to success in large projects is to minimize project size in all aspects, i.e. limit the number of goals and software artifacts like documents, requirement specifications, models, etc. but also to limit the number of staff, to avoid mutual waiting and the size of the code.
Minimizing size leads to an increased maintainability and changeability of the system to business processes as they are the most likely factor to change in the future.
Activities.
Every iteration starts with the identification of business goals and their priorities and ends with a running version of the software system corresponding to the selected goals.
While incremental development of the software system is also done in other software processes, the scope of GDP iteration is extended to include a discussion of business objectives after "each" iteration as is believed the business objectives themselves mature with the availability of usable implementation.
The core activities are:
These activities can be also divided into six main steps:

</doc>
<doc id="20896071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896071" title="1993 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1993 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 19th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1993.
Reyna Films' Kung Mawawala Ka Pa and Star Cinema's May Minanahal shared top honors in the 1993 Metro Manila Film Festival. Kung Mawawala Ka Pa was awarded Best Picture and received 7 other awards--- Best Actress (Dawn Zulueta); Best Supporting Actress (Amy Austria); Best Child Performer (Sarah Jane Abad); Best Musical Score (Ryan Cayabyab); Best Original Song; Best Sound (Ramon Reyes) and Best Cinematography (Romy Vitug).
May Minanahal won 9 awards--- Best Actor (Aga Muhlach); Best Supporting Actor (Ronaldo Valdez); Best Director, Best Story and Best Screenplay (Jose Javier Reyes); Best Production Design (Benjie de Guzman); Best Float, Second Best Picture and the coveted Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Awards.
Other awardees--- Best Editing (Augusto Salvador/ Doring Dorobo); Best Visual Effects (Bobby Pineda/ Doring Dorobo) and Best Make-up Artist (Teresita Dominguez/ Gaano Kita Kamahal) and Doring Dorobo for third Best Picture.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20896086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896086" title="Steve Dunn">
Steve Dunn

Steve Dunn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20896092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896092" title="Taiwan Nougat Museum">
Taiwan Nougat Museum

The Taiwan Nougat Museum () is a museum about nougat based in Tucheng District, New Taipei City, northern Taiwan.
Transportation.
The museum is accessible within walking distance North from Yongning Station of the Taipei Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="20896094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896094" title="Pink Floyd 1974 tours">
Pink Floyd 1974 tours

1974 French Summer Tour.
Pink Floyd's 1974 French Summer Tour, was a short concert tour by Pink Floyd during the summer of 1974 in France. The tour commenced on 18 June 1974 and concluded on 26 June 1974. The first date of the tour was recorded by France's Europe 1 radio, with segments broadcast later in the year.
The French 1974 tour featured the debut of "Shine On" (with the two halves played as one, as on the British 1974 tour) and "Raving and Drooling". The French tour was the first time Floyd used their circular screen.
Set list.
First Set:
Second Set:
Encore:
1974 British Winter Tour.
Pink Floyd’s British Winter Tour '74, was a short concert tour by Pink Floyd during the winter of 1974 in the United Kingdom. The 16th November show was recorded by BBC Radio One and later broadcast on the "Alan Freeman Show" on 11 January 1975, minus the encore. This recording is included in the "Dark Side of the Moon" and "Wish You Were Here" box sets, except for "Echoes" which remains unreleased.
The 1974 British tour featured the debut of "You Gotta Be Crazy".
Set list.
First Set:
Second Set:
Encore:
Tour band.
Additional musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="20896116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896116" title="Look at Me (John Lennon song)">
Look at Me (John Lennon song)

"Look at Me" is a song written and performed by John Lennon, from his solo debut album "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band".
Writing.
Written during the extended "White Album" sessions of 1967–1968, it was shelved until its release on Lennon's 1970 debut album. A different recording of the song was later released on the "John Lennon Anthology" and his compilation album "Acoustic".
The pattern of the song is fairly prominent throughout the song. It was built from a finger-picking technique that Lennon used while with The Beatles, including "Dear Prudence", "Happiness Is a Warm Gun", and "Julia", all of which were also written during the "White Album" sessions. Lennon learned the song's finger-picking guitar style (known as 'Travis-picking') from the Scottish musician Donovan, who was with Lennon at the time at Rishikesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20896117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896117" title="Milton Schafer">
Milton Schafer

Milton Schafer (September 24, 1920 - ) is an American composer and pianist. After being a runner-up for first prize in the Texas-based national guild of piano teachers competition, Schafer continued his studies for a year in Paris with Nadia Boulanger. He returned to the U.S. to give his Town Hall début as a pianist in 1950, receiving very favorable reviews and performed there again in 1954.
He worked as musical assistant (accompanist and adviser) to Bob Merrill ("(How Much Is) That Doggie in the Window?") for two years and after a stint at MGM in Hollywood, Vernon Duke signed him as a composer with Frank Loesser's publishing company, Frank Music. 
His first (unproduced) musical was "The Happy Time" based on Samuel Taylor's play (and not Kander and Ebb’s later musical of the same name), for which he wrote both lyrics and music. this was followed by an album of children’s songs recorded by Danny Kaye, called "Mommy Gimme a Drinka Water" for which he also wrote music and lyrics. His first produced musical was "Bravo Giovanni!" which was nominated for a Tony in 1962, and which starred Cesare Siepi and Michele Lee. This was followed in 1965 by "Drat! The Cat!" starring Elliott Gould and Lesley Ann Warren, with lyrics and book by Ira Levin, from which score Barbra Streisand recorded “He Touched Me” (originally titled "She Touched Me").
Cultural legacy.
Schafer's song "Crazy Barbara" was adapted as a children's picture book, "That Crazy Barb'ra", illustrated by G. Brian Karas (Dial Press 2003; ISBN 0803725841)

</doc>
<doc id="20896130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896130" title="Chambersburg Mall">
Chambersburg Mall

Chambersburg Mall is a regional shopping mall located near Chambersburg, Pennsylvania in the unincorporated community of Scotland. Located proximate to exit 20 off Interstate 81, the mall has 56 stores and a capacity of 64 as of December 2008.
History.
Chambersburg Mall opened in 1982 under Crown American mall developers with Hess's, Sears, Gee Bee, and Carmike Cinemas. Bon-Ton was added in 1985 as Eyerly's. Over time, Hess's closed all of its stores and the mall's store was replaced with JCPenney, which moved from a plaza in downtown Chambersburg. Gee Bee stores folded in 1992 and were taken over by Value City which itself closed completely in 2008. The store was replaced with Burlington Coat Factory. Rex Electronics also briefly occupied a space in the mall. Chambersburg Mall had as many as 75 stores at its peak, but due to competition from newer shopping centers in the area, the number of stores has dwindled down to approximately 55.
Present.
Crown American's mall portfolio was acquired by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) in 2003. Chambersburg Mall has four major anchor stores: Bon-Ton, JCPenney, Sears, and Burlington Coat Factory. It also still has the Carmike Cinemas seven-theater complex. In 2009, U.S. News & World Report named the mall one of the 10 most endangered in the United States, calling it a "sleepy mall a perennial underperformer". The mall has an occupancy rate of 62 percent and sales of $234 per square foot. As of May 2012, the mall has been for sale once again. A 10/29/13 report by the Chambersburg Public Opinion confirmed that an unknown party has put a non-refundable deposit on the mall. In November 2013, the mall was officially sold to Mason Asset Management for $8.8 million. PREIT expects the net proceeds from the sale to be $8.4 million.
Events.
Chambersburg Mall hosts events and drives for local establishments, most notably, the Pennsylvania State University.

</doc>
<doc id="20896132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896132" title="Akbar Birbal Complex Lucknow">
Akbar Birbal Complex Lucknow

Akbar Birbal Complex is a premium 5 star hotel and shopping complex project started but never fully completed or operationalized by Pushpa Builders Ltd. The builders were sanctioned two loans of Rs 16 million and Rs 24 million jointly by IFCI and TFCI in 1990, for setting up a hotel project at Lucknow. The project included a shopping plaza under which a number of shops have been constructed and sold to mostly individual investors for about an average of Rupee 1.5 Lack each. The majority of the investors in the shops were NRIs, while about 12 shops were bought by local Lucknow residents. The hotel never began to be operational. The owners of the shops were given possession of the shops, but the shopping complex never became operational.
IFCI Ltd. and Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI) jointly took over the assets of Pushpa Builders Ltd. on account of default of loans in 2003. The assets acquired include a hotel project under implementation in the 5-star category with 86 rooms including 10 suites.
The company has been in default to the institutions since the beginning. A demand notice under the Securitisation Act claiming an amount of Rs 334 million as on 23 August 2002, towards the dues was issued on 7 October 2002. Despite the lapse of 60 days of notice period the company did not pay the above amount. Thus, the decision was taken to attach the properties.
A yahoo group called Akbar Birbal Complex Lucknow was formed to invite all the shop owners to join hands as they were the real victims of this project having paid a lot of money without realizing any returns.

</doc>
<doc id="20896133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896133" title="Stravinsky (disambiguation)">
Stravinsky (disambiguation)

Stravinsky most famously refers to Igor Stravinsky, a famous modern composer.
It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20896134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896134" title="St. Peter's Priory, Grinderslev">
St. Peter's Priory, Grinderslev

St. Peter's Priory was an early Augustinian monastery located between the towns of Grinderslev and Breum, in north central Denmark.
History.
St. Peter's Priory was established about 1150 during the tenure of the Bishop of Viborg, Svend, or Bishop Eskil, his brother and successor. Bishop Svend was a strong supporter of King Valdemar I. The first recorded reference is in 1176 when the Bishop of Viborg, Niels, established a 'brotherhood agreement between St. Peter's and the chapter at Viborg Cathedral. St. Peter's Priory was important at the time as three 'provincials' were held at St. Peter's for all Augustinian houses in Denmark.
The location of St. Peter's was in earliest times called Salling which consisted of several 'herreds' including several villages. In medieval times Salling was a political subdivision of northern Jutland called Sallingsyssel. In time the villages of Grinderslev and Breum grew on each side of St. Peter's Abbey.
St. Peter's church was built of granite blocks in the Romanesque style with rounded arches and a flat beam ceiling. An apse was built onto the choir of the church. Of particular interest is the 'priest's door' built into the side of the church with medieval carved stones on each side. Several other such carved stone can be found in the exterior of the apse. The church was towerless. The entire church is remarkably preserved. Unlike most other monastery churches, it was never rebuilt in brick; the original granite church remains with its carved granite stones. Many other early monastery churches were built in the same way and then later replaced by larger brick churches.
Augustinian canons always had a bishop at the head of their monasteries, except at St. Peter's. It is the only surviving Augustinian priory in Denmark. Bishop Niels' 'brotherhood agreement' with the chapter at St. Mary's Abbey at Viborg Cathedral is perhaps how the leadership of a bishop was implemented. The canons at St. Peter's promised to be obedient to the chapter at St. Mary's which was headed by the Bishop of Viborg. The agreement meant that the canons moved between the two houses and that the larger house at Viborg would 'protect' the smaller establishment at Salling. Augustinians were a scholarly order and operated a school, most likely for the sons of noble families in the region. In the 1440s the Augustinian Abbey at Viborg was closed and St. Peter's came under the direct control of the Bishop.
St. Peter's was a small, isolated house with a thatched roof and 'very poor' according to one of the first Lutheran parish priests at Grinderslev Church. By the 15th century the church was expanded and a second aisle added in the Gothic style. Shortly after 1500 the church interior was remodelled with Gothic arches. About the same time a tower was added to the west end of the nave, but construction was poorly done, and it would have to be rebuilt in brick about a hundred years later. Even though the priory was small it owned most of the land at Salling. The farms paid rent to support the monks at the priory. Simon Nielsen was named as Prior at St. Peter's Priory in 1513.
By 1531 the Augustinians had abandoned St. Peter's. Viborg was a hotbed of Lutheran agitation against Catholic beliefs, customs, and institutions. Support for religious houses evaporated within months of the collapse of the religious centers at Viborg. The priory was secularized and given by the last Cathlolic Bishop of Viborg to the governor (Danish: lensmand) of Skivehus Castle.
In 1536 the Kingdom of Denmark became officially a Lutheran state under Christian III, an ardent Lutheran. All religious houses and their income producing properties reverted to the crown for disposal. The extensive priory archive was catalogued by the crown administrator, but subsequently lost. Only a single letter regarding St. Peter's has been preserved from 1401. In 1542 the estate was mortgaged, and then sold off in 1581 to Christoffer Lykke, a nobleman for 29 established farms, two small holdings, and two mills. The priory buildings were converted to a manor house, called Grinderslev Priory (Danish: Grinderslev Kloster), but by 1700 all of the priory was razed and the materials used to build Grinderslev Priory manor house.
The church became the parish church for Grinderslev. The priory structures were torn down and a late Gothic brick tower, a side aisle to the nave, sacristy, and a weapons house entry were added before 1600 using materials left over from the demolition of the priory.
In 1722 the Bishop Søren Lintrop visited Grinderslev and found the priest negligent and the church and former priory buildings in serious disrepair. He ordered them to be repaired, but offered no help with the cost.
A new manor house called Grinderslev Koster was built on the site of the priory in 1887 which can still be seen today, though it is privately owned.
Recent restoration have brought the priory church into the condition which it once had as a priory church.
Sources.
[http://grinderslevkirke.dk] Grinderslev Kirke 
[http://grinderslevkirke.dk/pdf_filer/folder%20om%20Grinderslev%20Kirke.pdf] 'Grinderslev Kirke'.

</doc>
<doc id="20896149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896149" title="Jonathan Dow">
Jonathan Dow

Jonathan Dow (born 23 March 1965, Redditch) is a British actor. He joined the National Youth Theatre at the age of 14, and after finishing his A levels he trained at the Guildhall Drama School. His first big television role was as Under Secretary Tim in "No Job for a Lady" (BBC, 1990) with Penelope Keith.
He has also appeared as P.C. Stringer in "The Bill" (ITV, 1990–1993) and Dr. James Mortimer in "Cardiac Arrest" (BBC, 1994–1995).
"Personal life"'.
He now lives in North London with his wife, Anna, and three sons, Evan, Rory and Lorca.
He was educated at The King's school, Worcester

</doc>
<doc id="20896152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896152" title="Joffre Pachito">
Joffre Pachito

Joffre Pachito (born December 31, 1981) is an Ecuadorian footballer recently playing for Sportivo Luqueño of Paraguay's first division.
Club career.
Pachito played for many clubs in Ecuador including Emelec, Panamá SC, Peñarol de Manabí, Deportivo Cuenca, Olmedo, and Aucas. For the 2008 season, he had to play in the second division with Aucas. He scored 6 goals in 25 appearances for Aucas.
In December 2008, Sportivo Luqueño's president, Fernando González, announced that they had signed Pachito. He will start playing for them in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20896156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896156" title="John Singer">
John Singer

John Singer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20896162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896162" title="Executive Order 13355">
Executive Order 13355

Executive Order 13355 is a United States Presidential executive order signed on August 27, 2004, by President George W. Bush.
Its goal was "Strengthened Management of the Intelligence Community".
It supplemented and partially superseded Executive Order 12333, signed in 1981 by President Ronald Reagan, and was in turn partially supplemented and superseded by Executive Order 13470.
Many of the clauses of the new executive order changed how US intelligence agencies were governed, and how they ultimately reported to the President, to reflect that when Executive Order 12333 was signed, the DCI Director of Central Intelligence was also the nominal chief of all US intelligence agencies. 
President Bush had created a new position, the Director of National Intelligence (DNI), and the changes reflected that the US intelligence agencies were to report to the President through the DNI.

</doc>
<doc id="20896163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896163" title="David G. Sorensen">
David G. Sorensen

David Sorensen (born May 20, 1937 in Vancouver, Canada, and died February 17, 2011 in Montreal) was a Canadian artist.
He studied at the University of British Columbia and the Vancouver School of Art under Arthur Erickson (architecture), Bill Reid (sculpture) and Jack Shadbolt (painting) and bronze casting in Mexico (introduction to Zuniga’s studio)) with a Theo Koerner grant. In 1965 he moved to Montreal, showed sculptures at Expo 67, and started to exhibit his paintings regularly across Canada: Espace Cinq, Gilles Corbeil, Waddington in Montreal; Wallack in Ottawa; Carmen Lamanna and Bau-XI in Toronto; Bau-XI in Vancouver. While in Montreal he held teaching positions at the Montreal Museum School of Art and Design, the Saidye Bronfman Centre and Dawson College (Viger, Vanier, and Selby campuses).
In 1976 he moved with his wife Bella and their new family to the Eastern Townships, built a solar house and a large studio and storage space and continued to paint and sculpt. Between 1981 and 2000 Sorensen taught studio art at Bishop's University in Sherbrooke. Over the years he has also frequently worked and exhibited in Mexico and is currently represented by Ramon Quiroga in Mexico City, Galeria Vertice and Haus der Kunst in Guadalajara. Current Canadian galleries include Studio 21 in Halifax, Moore Gallery, Toronto, Michael Gibson Gallery, London, and Virginia Christopher in Calgary.
Sorensen's international exposure includes exhibits in Mexico city 1964, Basel 1974, Milan and Paris in 1975 and traveling exhibits between 1991-93 in Tokyo, Manila and Hong Kong. In 1996 Sorensen was elected to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts (RCA). He worked on numerous grants and commissions for the Canada Council for the Arts, the Quebec Cultural Ministry and private industry. His work is represented in public collections such as the Musee des beaux-arts de Montreal, Musee d'art contemporain de Montreal, Art Gallery of Nova Scotia, Hamilton Art Gallery, to mention a few. Among the more important private collections are Martineau Walker (Montreal and Vancouver), Avnet Shaw (New York), Cannel Films (Los Angeles), Collection Delbo (Italy), Heller Group (New Jersey), Imperial Oil (Calgary), Jannock Ltd (Toronto), Royal Bank of Canada (Toronto), Contemporary Fine Art Service (Vancouver).

</doc>
<doc id="20896167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896167" title="Kappe Residence">
Kappe Residence

The Kappe Residence is a house in the Pacific Palisades section of Los Angeles, California, designed by architect Raymond Kappe, FAIA, as his own residence. It is a modern design built into a heavily treed hillside. It was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 1996, and in 2008 it was named one of the top ten houses in Los Angeles by an expert panel selected by the "Los Angeles Times".
Design of the house.
Kappe purchased the steep hillside lot in 1962 for $17,000. Designing a structure for the steep hillside was problematic, and Kappe designed six concrete towers supporting a glass-and-wood house. Built between 1965 and 1967, the house is raised on decks to avoid underground springs. The house features natural building materials, strong geometric form, and supersaturated colors. The ground floor of the structure is Kappe's studio, and the house is built atop the studio.
Critical reception and honors.
The Kappe Residence was listed as a City of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #623) in April 1996. 
In 2004, "The New York Times Magazine" published a feature story on the Kappe Residence. The "Times" described Kappe as "the only architect who truly signifies the seamless combination of Modernism and canyon vernacular." The author wrote of the house: "Ray Kappe's 1967 house remains a landmark of nature-friendly modernism."
In December 2008, the "Los Angeles Times" asked an expert panel to select the top ten of the best Southern California homes, and the Kappe Residence was included in the final top ten list. 
Stephen Kanner, President of the A + D (Architecture + Design) Museum in Los Angeles wrote: "Ray's own home may be the greatest house in all of Southern California."
"Residential Architect" magazine wrote that Kappe had "reinvented the house on the hill."
In "An Architectural Guidebook to Los Angeles", David Gebhard and Robert Winter described the structure as "a virtual tree house poised over a steep hillside" and an example of Kappe's ability "to meld the Craftsman aesthetic and the International Style into a very personal style."
In 2004, Kappe said of the house:"The house still seems to touch most people -- architects, students and potential clients. It has remained the one repetitive constant in my work. Our house became a prototype for many of my houses with difficult sites. At the time it was built, I think the house served as an inspiration for aspiring architects, and I hope that those who experience it today have a similar response."

</doc>
<doc id="20896169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896169" title="Landing Apartments">
Landing Apartments

The Landing Apartments (formerly named the Dayton YMCA) is an historic structure located at 117 West Monument Street in Dayton, Ohio. It was designed by Schenck & Williams and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 25, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20896185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896185" title="Mama's Big Ones">
Mama's Big Ones

Mama’s Big Ones is the third solo album released by Cass Elliot. It was also the last studio album she released for Dunhill in order to fulfill her three album deal.
Conception.
Elliot’s frustration with trying to prove herself as her own artist and tackle the material she wanted had proved an impossibility with Dunhill. The power struggle began with her attempts to drop the "Mama" moniker and use the name Cass Elliot. This had been met with opposition by the studio heads at Dunhill. They felt that using the name "Mama Cass" and continuing to produce music similar to her work with The Mamas & the Papas would produce greater commercial success.
Five of the songs had just been released on her first two solo albums. The other songs consisted of four singles she released and recorded in the studio with producer Steve Barri in 1970 and one hit she had with The Mamas & the Papas. The singles "One Way Ticket" and "Ain’t Nobody Else Like You" were the only new songs introduced by the album.
Reception.
The album was released in March 1971 and landed at the 194th spot on the Billboard Chart.
Today.
The album was reissued by MCA in 1980 and again by MCA, on CD, in 1987.
The album can be seen hanging on the wall of the character Leah in the 1996 British film "Beautiful Thing" while she is listening to "One Way Ticket". "It’s Getting Better", "Make Your Own Kind of Music", "Dream a Little Dream of Me", and "Move in a Little Closer, Baby" are also featured in the film.
Songs from the album (namely "It’s Getting Better", "Make Your Own Kind of Music", and "New World Coming") were used on the American television series "Lost".

</doc>
<doc id="20896186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896186" title="Ping-Lin Tea Museum">
Ping-Lin Tea Museum

The Ping-Lin Tea Museum (), or Pinglin Tea Museum is the world's largest museum dedicated to tea.
The museum is located in the hills of Ping-Lin District, a rural district in southeastern New Taipei City, Taiwan. It opened on January 12, 1997.
Ping-Lin is renowned for producing Pouchong tea. The picking of the "spring tea" starts around the end of March.

</doc>
<doc id="20896191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896191" title="2009 MLS SuperDraft">
2009 MLS SuperDraft

The 2009 MLS SuperDraft took place on January 15, 2009 in St. Louis, Missouri. It was the tenth annual Major League Soccer SuperDraft. The first selection was owned by the expansion Seattle Sounders FC. Unlike previous years, the SuperDraft was not followed by the Supplemental Draft due to roster changes for the 2009 season decreasing the number of developmental spaces.
Player Selection.
Any player whose name is marked with an * was contracted under the Generation Adidas program.

</doc>
<doc id="20896197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896197" title="Broken Silence (RBX album)">
Broken Silence (RBX album)

Broken Silence is the fifth album by Long Beach, California rapper RBX.
Sources.
[ AllMusic link]

</doc>
<doc id="20896199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896199" title="Bahá'í Faith in Laos">
Bahá'í Faith in Laos

The Bahá'í Faith in Laos begins after a brief mention by `Abdu'l-Bahá in 1916 and the first Bahá'í enters Laos in about 1955. The first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly is known to be first elected by 1958 in Vientiane and eventually Laos' own National Spiritual Assembly is first elected in 1967. The current community is approximately eight thousand adherents and four centers: Vientiane, Vientiane Province, Kaysone Phomvihane, Pakxe and smaller populations in other provinces. While well established and able to function as communities in these cities, Bahá'ís have a harder time in other provinces and cannot print their own religious materials. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated almost 14000 Bahá'ís in 2005.
Early days.
`Abdu'l-Bahá's Tablets of the Divine Plan.
Between 1883 and 1954 Laos was part of French Indochina. `Abdu'l-Bahá, head of the religion from 1892 to 1921, mentions French Indochina. `Abdu'l-Bahá wrote a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States in 1916-1917; these letters were compiled together in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan. The seventh of the tablets mentioned taking the Bahá'í Faith to Indochina and was written on April 11, 1916, but was delayed in being presented in the United States until 1919 — after the end of World War I and the Spanish flu. These tablets were translated and presented by Mirza Ahmad Sohrab on April 4, 1919, and published in Star of the West magazine on December 12, 1919.
(Tablet 7) "The moment this divine Message is carried forward by the American believers from the shores of America and is propagated through the continents of Europe, of Asia, of Africa and of Australasia, and as far as the islands of the Pacific, this community will find itself securely established upon the throne of an everlasting dominion..., if some teachers go to other islands and other parts, such as the continent of Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania, also to Japan, Asiatic Russia, Korea, French Indochina, Siam, Straits Settlements, India, Ceylon and Afghanistan, most great results will be forthcoming."
Beginnings.
Shoghi Effendi, head of the religion from 1921 to 1957, claims the first Bahá'ís to arrive in Laos and Cambodia probably in 1955 (came by April, 1956, and after Laotian independence in 1954.) This was Dr. Heshmat Ta'eed, the first pioneer to Laos. The first person to join the Bahá'í Faith in Laos was Bui Van-an who was visiting from Vietnam. In August 1956 it is noted Bahá'ís from Laos tried to attend the regional conference in Djakarta, Indonesia but were denied visas. However in November seventeen Bahá'ís representing Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam met in Saigon, Vietnam for a regional conference. In January 1958 the Bahá'ís of Vientiane celebrated World Religion Day with Buddhist Monks, a Sihk, a Hindu and government officials - and a Miss Banu Hassan is noted as another pioneer in Laos coming from the United States. In February the Bahá'ís in Vientiane hosted a regional conference with Bahá'ís from Vietnam and Thailand attending. In April 1958 the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly is known to be first elected. By August 1958 there is mention of a native conversion to the religion - a woman member of a black Thai ethnic minority. In December 1958 Bahá'ís from Laos again attended an event in Saigon. There is also a very brief mention of a Bahá'í center in Vientiane circa 1958 where Thomas Anthony Dooley III, aka Dr. Tom Dooley, picked up his Laotian translator, Ngoan van Hoang. In January 1959 Vientiane Bahá'ís again held the World Religion Day observance. By April 1959 the Bahá'ís had elected a Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly and a registered group of Bahá'ís was living in Sam Neua. In November 1959 the Bahá'ís in Vientiane hosted a winter school with Bahá'ís from Cambodia, Thailand, and Vietnam attending. The 1960 observance of World Religion Day gathered about 300 attendees, including members of the King's Council, Consular and United Nations officials, and representatives of various sects of six religions who took part and heard a message from the king of Laos, brought to the meeting by a prince. It was also in 1960 that Bahá'ís in Vientiane acquired an authorization confirming through a special decree issued by the Ministry of Finance in Laos for the Bahá'í Community to own in its name a plot of land as an endowment.
Growth.
From 1957 to 1963 the regional National Assembly of South East Asia oversaw the Bahá'í communities of area from Borneo to the Philippines to Thailand with a local spiritual assembly in Vientiane. The first Thai pioneer left on June 1, 1960, for Luang Prabang Laos. By December 1960 the first from the "Maew" or Hmong people
in Laos accept the religion in Luang Prabang where there is also an assembly. It is also known that Jacqueline and Chester Lee, who had become Bahá'ís in Cambodia in 1955, moved to Vietienne 1965 where they lived until they moved to Hong Kong (Chester left in 1967 while Jacqueline left in 1969.) In Oct 1963, the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Thailand, with its seat in Bangkok, was given jurisdiction over the Bahá'ís of Laos until 1967 when they elected their own National Spiritual Assembly with the presence of the first Hand of the Cause to visit Laos - Dr. Rahmatu'lláh Muhájir. The members of the first national assembly were: F. Missaghian, Sy Chanh, Boon My, M. Beizayee, F. Antipolo, L. Kham Say, Lau Chou, F. Faridian and C. M. Lee. In October 1967 an intercontinental conference was held in New Delhi with several Hands of the Cause and representatives of National Spiritual Assemblies from India, Ceylon, Arabia, Laos, Thailand, North East Africa, Philippines, Iran, Indonesia, Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, South and Central Arabia, Turkey and Pakistan present. About February 1969 Hand of the Cause Abu'l-Qásim Faizi, the second to visit Laos, met with the national assembly. In April 1969 Dr. Rahmatu'lláh Muhájir made a return trip to Laos. At the fourth national convention, April 1970, it announced that the first members of the Puthai, a tribe in the Savannakhet area, as well as Meo in Laos, had joined the religion. By September 1970 the Laotian Bahá'í Publishing Trust had translated four Baha'i English books, pamphlets, and a prayer book into the Lao language and local conferences in Savannakhet and Thakkek were called with Bahá'ís from each region attending. In January 1971 native Laotian Bahá'ís were able to travel to an international Bahá'í conference in Singapore. In February Hand of the Cause Enoch Olinga visited Laos and in October Hand of the Cause Collis Featherstone visited Laos and traveled to several regions of Laos as well as meeting with the national assembly. In 1972 several trips of Bahá'ís spread word that Maitreya Buddha had returned as Bahá'u'lláh - during which time the population of Bahá'ís greatly expanded. In accord with a government request, land owned by the assembly of Vientiane was converted for growing crops - a team of youth cleared the land, fenced it in, planted and managed the crops. The second youth training institute was late January 1976 and included sessions included workshops on Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies, Bahá'í views on marriage, history of the religion, Feasts and Bahá'í Holy Days, the Bahá'í Nineteen Day Fast among other topics. In May 1978 the national center in Vientiane hosted the first national children's convention.
Modern community.
Focus on the society at large.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482.
In 1983 30 teachers of children's classes gathered for a seminar that included topics like the Central Figures of the Bahá'í Faith, Baha'i administration, Bahá'í teachings on loyalty to government and abstention from politics, and a viewing of Hand of the Cause Rúhíyyih Khanum's trip turned into the movie "The Green Light Expedition". In 1983 scores of children regularly attend classes at Bahá'í schools held at the Ban Amon Bahá'í Center at the national center in Vientiane. By February 1984 other projects Bahá'ís undertook include an assembly purchasing two cows and a community garden with profits from sales going to national and local funds.
In the 1980s, among the many refugees who came to the United States following the Vietnam War, were 200 Hmong Bahá'ís from Laos who settled in Portland, Oregon. The Bahá'í community of Portland set up an after-school tutoring project initially aiming at war-torn Liberia but lacking practical connection turned to serve the Hmong children in the area around 2000-2001 and has since become more organized into a project - the Roses After School Mentoring Project.
Focus on internal development.
In 1983 there were nineteen delegates for the national convention. In 1988 Hand of the Cause Collis Featherstone again toured Laos including giving public talks as well as visiting refugee camps.
However the community in Laos has been frustrated. After experiencing quick growth in the early 1970s (see above), in the 1980s the community had reached approximately eight thousand adherents and four centers: two in Vientiane, one in Vientiane Province, in the northwest and one in Kaysone Phomvihane, Savannakhet Province mid-south with smaller numbers of Bahá'ís just north of Savannakhet in Khammouane Province and in the city of Pakxe in the far south and smaller populations in other provinces. The land on which the four Bahá'í centers were located was approved by the Lao government for use by the Bahá'ís. Additionally, the government has given official approval for Bahá'ís to use land where they already have a cemetery. The Bahá'ís were planning to construct new spiritual centers in Savannkhet's Dong Bang Village and in Lat Khouay Village near Vientiane. They have received both village and district level approval to use the land, but were awaiting the official land deeds from the District Land Offices. The Bahá'í spiritual assemblies in Vientiane and Kaysone Phomvihane cities practiced freely, but smaller communities in Khammouane and Savannakhet provinces have periodically faced restrictions by local authorities. From 2001 some local officials in Luang Prabang in the north central area acted harshly toward Bahá'ís and Christians. Examples included forced renunciations that sometimes involved forced participation in animist traditions, including the drinking of animal blood. Other officials forced some believers to drink alcohol and smoke cigarettes against their will. Efforts by local officials to force Bahá'ís to renounce their faith continued in some areas. In more isolated cases, provincial authorities instructed their officials to monitor and arrest Bahá'ís and other religions. In some cases in 2005 some Bahá'ís were threatened with arrest or expulsion from their villages in some provinces if they did not comply
The Vientiane Bahá'í assembly previously encountered difficulties establishing its ownership of the Bahá'í center in Vientiane; however, in 2005 authorities granted approval for use of the property by the Bahá'ís. Bahá'í local spiritual assemblies and the national spiritual assembly routinely held Bahá'í Nineteen Day Feasts and celebrated all Bahá'í holy days. The National Spiritual Assembly based in Vientiane met regularly and has sent delegations to the Universal House of Justice in Haifa, Israel. The Government prohibited foreigners from proselytizing, although it permitted foreign non-governmental organizations (NGOs) with religious affiliations to work in the country. Foreigners caught distributing religious materials could be arrested or deported. Decree 92 specifically authorized proselytizing by local citizens, providing the Lao Front for National Construction (LFNC) (see Constitution of Laos) approves the activity. In practice the authorities interpreted proselytizing as an illegal activity that creates divisiveness in society.
Although Decree 92 authorized the printing of non-Buddhist religious texts and allowed religious materials to be imported from abroad, it also required permission for such activities from the LFNC. As early as 2005 there are reports the LFNC did not authorize Bahá'ís to print their own religious materials, although they had been seeking permission to do so for several years. Some believers bring religious materials into the country; however, these persons face possible arrest.
As of 2009 outreach is underway in Oudomsai, Xiang Khouang, Luang Prabang, and Salavan Provinces.
Demographics.
There is a 2000 estimate of more than 1,200 members and a 2006 estimate of approximately eight thousand. In 2008 Bahá'ís estimated their population at 8,500 adherents. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 13,960 Bahá'ís in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20896207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896207" title="SV Wehen Wiesbaden II">
SV Wehen Wiesbaden II

SV Wehen Wiesbaden II is a German association football club based in Wiesbaden, Germany. It is the reserve team of SV Wehen Wiesbaden.
History.
SV Wehen Wiesbaden II are the reserve and under–23 team to 3rd Liga side, SV Wehen Wiesbaden. The play at what used to be SV Wehen's old ground before they moved to Wiesbaden, Stadion am Halberg. They currently play in the Hessenliga after finishing 16th in the Regionalliga Süd in 2011.
The team had been a member of the Landesliga Hessen-Mitte from 1992 to 2007, when it won a league championship and gained entry to the Oberliga Hessen. After finishing runners-up in this league the following year, the team was promoted to the Regionalliga Süd. It lasted for three seasons in this league before being relegated back to Hesse's highest league, now called the Hessenliga.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="20896211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896211" title="Radio Gold FM">
Radio Gold FM

Radio GOLD FM (the former Radio Total) is an FM radio station broadcasting from Bucharest, Romania. It was launched on 27 October 2008 on Bucharest's 96.9 MHz frequency that belonged to that day to Radio Total. 
The station is focused on the greatest hits of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, the music format being reflected in the name of the station itself as well as its slogan: "Gold FM. the greatest hits radio".
Gold FM is a part of The Realitatea-Caţavencu trust along Radio Guerrilla and Realitatea FM.

</doc>
<doc id="20896221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896221" title="Stargazer (album)">
Stargazer (album)

Stargazer is the eighth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Arabesque label in 1997 and features performances by Douglas, Chris Speed, Joshua Roseman, Uri Caine, James Genus and Joey Baron. The album includes Douglas' interpretations of three compositions by Wayne Shorter.

</doc>
<doc id="20896234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896234" title="Deaf animal">
Deaf animal

Some strains of animals, such as white cats, have a tendency to congenital deafness. It is also not an uncommon problem for purebred dogs. Some known chemicals and elements can also affect deafness in animals.
Deafness can occur in almost any breed of cat or dog. This includes both pure-breed and mixed-breed animals although there may be more prevalence in some specific breeds.
"The association between patterns of pigmentation and deafness in the dog has a long-documented history, with reports dating back over one hundred years. Long suspected of having a genetic basis, the search for loci with a pronounced influence in the expression of hearing loss in the dog has yet to be successful." 
Deafness in animals can occur as either unilateral (one ear affected) or bilateral (both ears affected). This occurrence of either type of deafness seems to be relatively the same in both mixed-breed animals and pure-breed animals. 
Research as tired a significant association between deafness in dogs and the pigment genes piebald and merle. Although merle dogs seem to have higher occurrences of both deafnesses than some other breeds, this research also showed that they had lower occurrences than others. So still there is more to be known about the causes of deafness in animals such as dogs.
Common misconceptions may lead potential owners to believe that deaf dogs may be more likely to have an unpleasant disposition, or that the condition implies other brain abnormalities. Many people have successfully raised and trained deaf animals. Teaching a deaf dog may present unusual challenges, but inventiveness can overcome many of them. 
For example, deaf dogs, when out on a walk, a laser pointer could be used to attract the animals attention.

</doc>
<doc id="20896249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896249" title="Linoma Beach">
Linoma Beach

Linoma Beach, now doing business under the name Linoma Lighthouse, is a privately owned recreation area developed around an artificial lake in Sarpy County, Nebraska. The site was opened in 1924; in 1939, a lighthouse was added to it. The lighthouse is a conspicuous landmark on U.S. Highway 6 between Omaha and Lincoln, Nebraska.
Linoma Beach is listed in the National Register of Historic Places, as a well-preserved example of a once-common but now vanishing type of roadside architecture.
History.
Development.
In 1907, the Lyman-Richey Sand Company began extracting sand and gravel from a site on the north bank of the Platte River about four miles () northeast of Ashland, Nebraska. Quarrying continued until 1915, resulting in a collection of small lakes supplied by underground springs.
In about 1920, Harry E. Schellberg of Lyman-Richey and Lawrence G. Simpson of the Chicago Lumber Company of Omaha established the Inland Development Syndicate, which by 1924 bought portions of Lyman-Richey's holdings near Ashland. In 1924, the syndicate changed its name to the Linoma Realty Company; in that year, it opened the Linoma Beach resort at the old quarry site. The new resort was situated about halfway between and about from Lincoln and Omaha, Nebraska's two largest cities; its name is a portmanteau, taken from the first three letters of each of the two names.
The company invested about $10,000 to prepare the site. The sandpit lakes were deep, and unsafe for swimming; to remedy this, of sand was pumped into them. Additional sand was moved to create a beach over wide and extending along the shore. A "model, sanitary bathhouse" was constructed, furnished with "late glass mirrors, electric lights, and many conveniences". Acres of picnic grounds were developed; and a farmhouse on the site was converted into a restaurant, surrounded by a veranda suitable for dancing. The restaurant's first manager was Alfred Jones, a well-known African-American cook from Omaha; at the time, it was unusual for a non-white to hold such a prominent position.
The new resort was accessible by road and by rail. To persuade the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad to stop at Linoma, the developers installed a platform and lighting. Three trains were available on both Saturdays and Sundays; the round-trip ticket from Omaha cost $1.11, and that from Lincoln $1.10.
Motorists could also reach Linoma. In 1911, the Omaha-Denver Transcontinental Route Association had been established in Nebraska as part of the Good Roads Movement. The Association had laid out the route of the Omaha-Lincoln-Denver (O‑L‑D) Highway and begun work on improving it. In 1920, the highway was incorporated into the Detroit-Lincoln-Denver (D‑L‑D) Highway. The Federal Highway Act of 1921 had directed federal funds for highway improvement; this allowed Nebraska to begin gravelling the D‑L‑D Highway. By 1927, an advertisement for Linoma Beach pointed out that the route was entirely gravelled, and could be driven in all weathers.
Opening.
Linoma Beach held its grand opening on July 4, 1924. The company's 1924 financial statement suggests that there were several thousand visitors in that first year (for example, receipts for beach admission totaled $1,236, at 25 cents a person). The resort was popular at night as well as by day, and the nightly dances contributed significantly to its popularity.
Responding to this, Simpson, who bought out Schellberg in 1925, installed a dance pavilion and began charging five cents for dancing; local bands played on Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday nights. These were generally but not universally popular: the ministers of Ashland complained of decreased church attendance on Sunday nights. Unsatisfied with the results of a meeting with the Linoma manager, a delegation of three ministers called on the state attorney general, and were gratified to learn that Nebraska had a strict law forbidding Sunday night dancing. However, Simpson found a way to maintain the revenue stream. A perusal of the law revealed that it was illegal to conduct a public dance on Sunday; however, private dance clubs could rent the pavilion and dance the night away undisturbed by the law. The "Ben Ahamo" dance club was launched, and memberships offered as part of Linoma's entertainment package.
The resort, including the evening dances, remained popular. For the 1927 season, the picnic grounds were expanded with the addition of 75 new tables and the planting of 300 maple trees. For weed control, the manager brought in a herd of one hundred sheep. For the 1928 season, the entire recreation area was fenced; this allowed the manager to charge an admission fee of ten cents on Sundays, although admission to the grounds remained free for the rest of the week.
The onset of the Great Depression did not appear to diminish Linoma's popularity; 1,700 people were admitted on July 4, 1930. However, dancing was becoming less of an attraction. In 1930, dances were only held on one night a week. In 1931, the railroad line and the highway, now designated U.S. Highway 38, were re-aligned following a series of floods. The re-alignment necessitated the demolition of the dance pavilion, and it was not rebuilt.
The automobile age.
As automobile ownership increased and roads were improved, more and more patrons began arriving at Linoma by road. Simpson responded to this in 1933 by paving a parking lot and surrounding it with an octagonal stone wall. To accommodate the increased number of visitors, 100 new tables were installed, increasing the seating capacity to 5,000.
To entice motor tourists, roadside businesses across Nebraska had installed whimsical and eye-catching structures. Wigwam-themed buildings were constructed in several places in Nebraska, including a motel court in Hastings and a gift shop in Atlanta. The Showboat complex near Hastings was built in the likeness of a Mississippi River side-wheeler, complete with a paddle wheel dipping into the Nebraska sod.
As a waterside attraction, Linoma opted for a maritime theme. In 1939, a lighthouse was constructed beside the highway. The base of the lighthouse was a glass-and-masonry filling station. A central spiral staircase led to observation decks on the second and tenth stories; the tenth-floor deck ran around the lighthouse's beacon. The rooms above the first story have plumbing, stoves, and windows; although there is no documentation to support the conjecture, it is likely that they were intended for overnight guests.
Gasoline rationing during World War II put an end to automobile tourism for the duration of the war. When the war ended, the lighthouse's beacon flashed the Morse code "V" for "victory". However, Linoma's fortunes declined. The lighthouse fell into disrepair, and the restaurant closed. A drowning in 2005 and another in 2009 led to temporary closures and raised liability concerns for the owners. In 2009, the resort's neighbors complained to the Sarpy County Planning Commission that the site was becoming an eyesore and that loose furniture and other items were being left out by departing summer campers, in contravention of floodplain restrictions.
Preservation and restoration.
In 2003, Linoma Beach was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The lighthouse was judged especially significant, as representative of a vanishing type of early twentieth century roadside architecture.
In 2010, a group of five local investors operating as Linoma and Lighthouse LLC bought the property at a foreclosure auction for $905,000, an amount well below its tax-assessed value. The group proposed to maintain the campground, seek an operator to lease the restaurant, and hold special events at the resort. They also expressed the intention to transfer ownership of the lighthouse to a foundation established to restore, preserve, and protect it.
In 2011, Linoma Beach was open seven days a week during the season. The campground remained open; the swimming beach was re-opened, without the large iceberg-shaped inflatable floats that had been named as a liability concern in the 2005 drowning; and a beach-themed bar and grill, the Linoma Beach Bar, had been established under the management of a classically-trained and Caribbean-experienced chef. At that time, no one had been found to operate the restaurant. Although inclement weather caused the cancellation of the resort's first special event of the season, attendance was generally good: the 2011 Missouri River floods had benefitted Linoma by closing a number of riverfront resorts and forcing their clientele to seek new venues of pleasure.

</doc>
<doc id="20896254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896254" title="Minister for Children (United Kingdom)">
Minister for Children (United Kingdom)

The Minister of State for Children, Young People and Families was a Minister of State in the Department for Children, Schools and Families, in the Government of the United Kingdom. Beverley Hughes held the position from 2006 until May 2010.
History.
Margaret Hodge was the first person to hold the position after it was announced in 2003. Maria Eagle was the Minister from 2005 to 2006 taking Hodge's place, and Hughes took over in 2006 until May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20896266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896266" title="Noddy">
Noddy

Noddy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20896309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896309" title="HM Prison Portland">
HM Prison Portland

HM Prison Portland is a male Young Offenders Institution, located in the village of The Grove on the Isle of Portland, in Dorset, England. Portland YOI prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
The original Portland Prison opened in 1848 and held convict adults. It was from here in 1855, that 80 convicts were transported on the ship "William Hammond" to Western Australia. The prison also held a number of high profile Irish Republican prisoners. In 1921 Portland convict establishment was converted into a Borstal and in 1988 this was re-rolled as a Young Offenders Institution (YOI, Portland), and has held young males aged 18 to 21 ever since. St. Peter's Church, found next to the prison, was built in 1870-72 by convicts for use of the prison until it was made redundant in 1973. The Folly Pier Waterworks was built in 1855 by John Coode for the government near Folly Pier to supply the prison with water. It was closed due to an outbreak of typhoid which killed several prisoners who drank the water, and the ruins of the reservoir tanks were used as swimming pools for Borstal Boys during the late 1920s and 1930s. The ruins still exist to date.
In March 2000, an inspection report by Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons severely criticised conditions at Portland YOI, including foul-smelling toilets and filthy showers. There were also complaints of rats in food service areas lodged by inmates. Just over a month later, prison officials were forced to extract 26 prisoners who had for eight hours used furniture to barricade themselves away from their cells.
In November 2004, a report from the Chief Inspector of Prisons highlighted racial tension, and distrust between Muslim inmates and staff at Portland Prison. The report also criticised the fact that inmates were still slopping out, because of poor sanitation facilities at the jail.
A further report in June 2007 following an unannounced inspection heavily criticised conditions at Portland YOI. The report stated that some buildings "were unfit for purpose and lacked basic sanitation", with the continued practice of inmates without access to toilet facilities using buckets which they emptied through their windows. The report criticized other elements of the prison, including opportunities provided to prisoners for physical activity and training, but indicated that the situation was better in Portland than it had been in 2004 at the time of the last inspection.
The prison today.
Portland YOI holds male young offenders aged 18 to 21. Accommodation at the prison is divided into 7 house blocks, Benbow, Raleigh, Drake, Nelson, Grenville, Collingwood, and Beaufort all of which have integral sanitation. Grenville House is an Induction Unit, Beaufort is a Skills Development Unit, Raleigh is the Resettlement wing and Collingwood a 'Super enhanced' Wing. There is also a Care and Control Unit.
The establishment offers a range of vocational training which includes, Bricklaying; Building Operatives; Painting and Decorating; Carpentry and Joinery; Fork Lift Truck; Recycling Workshop; Hard Landscaping; Barbering; Catering; Motor Mechanics; Motor Cycle Maintenance; Multi-Skills in Construction; CSCS (with card being available); BICS; Animal Welfare; Radio Production; Groundsmanship; Performing Manufacturing Operations; Steelworks and Rail Track.
The prison was also the setting for Ian Wright's Football Behind Bars television series.
In 2010, with the assistance of the prison, a community project was completed to restore the Governor's Community Garden and open it to the public. These gardens were originally attached to the prison governor's residence opposite the main entrance of the prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20896311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896311" title="The Truth (Young Sid album)">
The Truth (Young Sid album)

The Truth is the commercial debut studio album from South Auckland, New Zealand Rapper Young Sid, released through Move The Crowd records (a subsidiary of Universal). The album was the product of Young Sid's visit to New York City in 2006 where he recorded with credited producer Cochise. After spending 16 days in the studio Young Sid returned home to New Zealand where he completed "The Truth" in the MTC studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20896324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896324" title="Russian federal highways">
Russian federal highways

Russian federal highways ( or Avtomobil'nye dorogi federal'nogo znacheniya Rossiyskoy Federatsii, meaning "Highways of federal importance in Russian Federation") are the most important highways in Russia which are the federal property. The following motorways are designated as federal.
The federal highways are classified in Russia into two categories: "motorways/Avtomagistral" (, not the same as the English term motorway) and "other".
Other federal highways.
Original list.
In the order of the 1991 document:
Access roads to ports, airports and railroad stations from cities Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Anadyr, Dudinka, Naryan-Mar, Salekhard, Khanty-Mansiysk and from the urban-type settlements of Palana and Tura.

</doc>
<doc id="20896346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896346" title="Lake Minatare Lighthouse">
Lake Minatare Lighthouse

The Lake Minatare Lighthouse is a historic mock lighthouse located on Lake Minatare near the city of Scottsbluff in Nebraska. The tower was built by the Veterans Conservation Corps in 1939 and is currently located within the North Platte National Wildlife Refuge. Designed as a combination shelter house and observation tower, it was "built to simulate a lighthouse." According to Scotts Bluff County Tourism, it is one of only seven inland lighthouses in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20896350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896350" title="D.W. Kann">
D.W. Kann

D.W. Kann is a film maker who has been working in the film industry for nearly 20 years. He started as a prop master, then make-up artist, art director, production designer, before moving on to editor, producer and director. He appears at festivals and conventions every year to promote his work.
Kann has directed, produced, and sold two feature films: "Ancient Evil 2" and "Prison of the Psychotic Damned", both of which he also edited. The films were sold to Silver Nitrate Entertainment and York Home Entertainment less than nine months after their initial principal photography start date.
In 2007 Kann worked with Ironopolis Media/Night Creature Films in England to produce and edit two feature films that played theatrically in the UK for several weeks and were shown at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.
Kann was on the board of directors for the first annual Bram Stoker International Film Festival located in Whitby, England in October 2009.
Darkside Films LLC.
Darkside Films LLC is an independent film company specializing in the horror genre founded by D.W. Kann in 2001. Darkside Films first production was a 30 minute, award winning short film entitled "Dead Soul: A Fairy Tale". The company has since gone on to produce further short films as well as music videos, documentaries and feature films.
Upcoming projects.
Darkside Films is in development on several items including their first self produced feature film and webisodic series, entitled "Sever". The film follows the events surrounding the arrival of a serial killer who comes ashore on Martha's Vineyard on board a boat. The killer then takes up secret refuge in the house of a single woman, manipulating her life to the advantage of his crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="20896356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896356" title="Al Cantello">
Al Cantello

Al Cantello (born 9 June 1933) is a retired American javelin thrower as a member of the United States Marine Corps. He is currently the coach of the men's distance running program at the United States Naval Academy where he has been since 1963.
He graduated from La Salle University in Philadelphia in 1955. In 1959, he set the world record in the javelin and won the bronze medal at the 1959 Pan American Games and made the US Olympic team in 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. Despite having the second longest throw (79.72m) in the games during the qualifying rounds, he finished tenth (with an official throw of 74.7m). During the Rome Olympics, he suffered from dysentery and was not permitted to throw the American-style javelin, but has stated "he has no regrets". Cantello won the AAU title in 1959 and 1960, and held a world ranking of #4 for both years. In 1964, "Sport magazine" named Cantello to its all-time track and field team and voted him the world's greatest competitor in the javelin. He was known for his form, in which he would throw his whole body into the throw and end in a semi-handstand.
His personal best throw, with the old javelin type, was 86.04 metres, achieved in June 1959 in Compton.
He has coached at the United States Naval Academy for more than 40 years where he was named NCAA Mid-Atlantic Coach of the Year three times. He is known by his runners for his creative use of the English language. While at La Salle, Cantello was twice named to the Track and Field All-American team. He won the javelin contest at four straight Mid-Atlantic Conference Track and Field Championships and three times won the javelin toss at the Penn Relays.
In 2013 Cantello was inducted into the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association (USTFCCCA) Coaches Hall of Fame along with Ron Allice, Dennis Craddock, Jim Hunt, Curtis Frye and Paul Olsen. 

</doc>
<doc id="20896363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896363" title="Executive Order 13356">
Executive Order 13356

Executive Order 13356 is a United States Presidential Executive Order signed on August 27, 2004, by President George W. Bush.
Its goal was "Strengthening the Sharing of Terrorism Information To Protect Americans".
It was supplemented and partially superseded Executive Order 13388.
Section 1 of the executive order lays out a policy change, instructing the directors of US intelligence agencies
Later sections of the Executive Order specified the details of how the directors of US intelligence agencies should implement this policy change.

</doc>
<doc id="20896379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896379" title="The Michelangelo">
The Michelangelo

The Taft Hotel building is a historic 22-story pre-war Spanish Renaissance structure that occupies the entire eastern-facing block of 7th Avenue between 50th and 51st Street and Seventh Avenue, just north of Times Square, in New York City. In its modern configuration, it features two separate and distinct uses, each with their own entrance on 51st St. The first and largest portion of building is devoted to the residential condominium called Executive Plaza, with each of its 440 units being privately owned. Certain units are rented by their owners to the public through the ExecuStay brand. Sharing a smaller portion of the building is The Michelangelo, a Starhotels hotel.
Manger Hotel.
The building was designed by H. Craig Severance and opened in 1926 as the Manger Hotel, a major hotel chain of the period. It was connected to the famous Roxy Theatre, a movie and stage show palace of the same time. The lobby of the Roxy was actually located in the 50th St and Seventh Avenue corner of the hotel. On opening, the hotel offered 2,250 rooms and was the largest hotel in Times Square. The development cost more than $10 million, an enormous amount money at the time. Madison Square Garden was a block to the west and drew thousands for major events.
Taft Hotel.
It was renamed for President William Howard Taft in 1931 after being sold.
One of the hotel's most famous features was the Taft Grill.
The George Hall Orchestra (sometimes called the George Hall Taft Hotel Orchestra) performed from the hotel on Monday through Saturday at noon on CBS Radio, starring Dolly Dawn. The band's signature song was "Love Letters in the Sand".
Other big band performances were by Artie Shaw, Xavier Cugat, Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey, Glenn Miller, and Tony Pastor.
Vincent Lopez performed in residency for 20 years and broadcast a radio show from the hotel, with Gloria Parker, "Shake the Maracas". Lopez later broadcast a TV show from the Taft on the DuMont Television Network, "Dinner Date", from January to July 1950.
On May 26, 1933, Jimmie Rodgers (The Father Of Country Music) died here at the age of 35 from a long battle with tuberculosis. This occurred just two days after completing what was his final recording session for Victor Records.
In 1955, Philip Loeb died from an overdose of sleeping pills at the hotel in the Hollywood blacklist scandal.
A scene from the 1967 film "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying", in which Finch follows a rival executive to a football pep party, was shot at the hotel.
Grand Bay Hotel, Parc FiftyOne, The Michelangelo, Executive Plaza.
The demolition of Madison Square Garden and the Roxy Theatre, and the increasing presence of unsavory businesses and the desire for newer more elegant hotels contributed to the early 1980s closing of the Taft Hotel. In 1988, following the construction of the 787 Seventh Avenue office tower, across 51st Street to the north, the hotel was converted to mixed use. The eighth through the 21st floors were rebuilt as condominiums and the first seven floors were occupied by the Grand Bay Hotel. The hotel and the condominiums had separate entrances side by side on 51st Street.
In 1990, hotel chain Park Lane International acquired the hotel portion and renamed it Parc Fifty-One. In 1992, Starhotels acquired it for $42 million and renamed the hotel The Michelangelo. 
The building also includes America's largest TGI Friday's, located in the space that once housed the lobby of the Roxy Theatre and a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse facing West 51st St.

</doc>
<doc id="20896387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896387" title="Tribute Western Counties West">
Tribute Western Counties West

English Rugby Union South West Division - Tribute Western Counties West is an English Rugby Union League.

</doc>
<doc id="20896389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896389" title="Six Weeks">
Six Weeks

Six Weeks is a 1982 drama film, directed by Tony Bill and based on a novel by Fred Mustard Stewart. It stars Dudley Moore and Mary Tyler Moore.
Co-star Katherine Healy was a professional figure skater and a ballerina, both talents demonstrated by her character in the film. Golden Globe nominated actress and ballet dancer Anne Ditchburn choreographed her dance scenes, as well as appeared as an assistant choreographer on camera.
Plot.
Charlotte Dreyfus, a wealthy cosmetic tycoon and her 12-year-old daughter Nicole, who's dying from leukemia, strike up a sentimental friendship with a California politician, Patrick Dalton. Nicole has decided to abandon all further treatments for the disease because of the treatments' side effects.
Since the girl has only six weeks or less to live, the trio fly to New York City where the daughter skates the ice rink at Rockefeller Center, assumes the lead role of Marie in "The Nutcracker" with the New York City Ballet at Lincoln Center, and sightsees most of the city. During her subway ride returning from her triumphant performance in the Tchaikovsky ballet, she suddenly collapses and dies in her mother's arms, having achieved her lifelong dream.
In the final scene, Charlotte gets on a plane to Paris and is seen alone. Patrick writes to her importing her to keep in touch. 
There is no reply.
Reception.
The film was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards, one for Dudley Moore for Best Actor in a Dramatic Motion Picture and one for Katherine Healy as Best New Female Star of the Year. However, Mary Tyler Moore's performance earned a Razzie Award nomination for Worst Actress. Roger Ebert later named it one of the worst films of 1982. Gene Siskel however, liked the film, praising the performances from the leads and its go-for-broke sentiment.

</doc>
<doc id="20896404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896404" title="Jakob Merten">
Jakob Merten

Jakob Merten (August 11, 1809 - February 22, 1872) was a German Catholic theologian born in Wittlich.
He studied theology in Trier, where in 1833 he received his ordination. Subsequently he became a chaplain in Trier, where he worked closely with Franz Peter Knoodt (1811-1889). From 1843 to 1868 he was a professor of philosophy at the Episcopal Seminary in Trier.
Initially a prominent follower of Anton Günther's philosophy, Merten eventually abandoned Güntherianism as his career progressed. He was author of an essay on Güntherian philosophy titled "Hauptfragen der Metaphysik in Verbindung mit der Speculation" (Primary Questions of Metaphysics in Association with Speculation) (1840). Other noted works by Merten include:

</doc>
<doc id="20896441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896441" title="Moving Portrait">
Moving Portrait

Moving Portrait is the ninth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Japanese DIW label in 1997 and features performances by Douglas, Bill Carrothers, James Genus and Billy Hart.
The album includes Douglas' interpretations of three compositions by Joni Mitchell.

</doc>
<doc id="20896451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896451" title="Neiva B Monitor">
Neiva B Monitor

The Neiva B Monitor, also designated B-2, is a Brazilian tandem two-seat glider aircraft designed and manufactured by Indústria Aeronáutica Neiva between 1945 and 1955 for primary training and general flying.
Design and development.
The B Monitor was designed by Jose Carlos de Barros Neiva after the end of World War II. At that time Brazil was conducting the ""Campanha Nacional de Aviação"" (National Aviation Campaign), a nationwide program focused on re-equipping and incentivizing Aero clubs and the aeronautical industry. The lack of good performance gliders with good training qualities to replace the ageing and obsolete sailplane training fleet, composed in its majority by German types of the 1930s, was acute.
Jose Carlos de Barros Neiva designed then a glider which conserved the best characteristics of the Grunau Baby, widely used in Brazil at the time. The first prototype, registered "PP-PCB" had its maiden flight in 1945, and the type certificate was given in 1950.
The “Campanha Nacional de Aviação” bought the first prototype and other 20 aircraft for the aero clubs. A small number of 3 B-monitor were built with a different nose and different materials in the mid-1950s.
Construction.
The Monitor is largely a wooden aircraft. Its high wings are built around a single box spar, with a torsion resisting, plywood covered leading edge. Behind the spar the wing is fabric covered. Dihedral is just 0.5°. The wings are braced to the lower fuselage with a pair of single lift struts. The ailerons are wood framed and fabric covered; spoilers are wooden.
The fuselage is mainly built with wood, a semi-monocoque construction with steel tubes for wing attachments. The two seat cockipt has dual controls. The empennage is conventional, with a braced tailplane mounted on top of the fuselage. The landing gear is a forward skid with elastic dampers and a single, fixed wheel aft of the centre of gravity.
Operational history.
The B-Monitor were used in many aero clubs and have trained hundreds of pilots. Many Brazilian soaring records were established in the type and it was used as a primary trainer in some of the largest Brazilian aero clubs, including CVV-CTA in São José dos Campos/Ipuã, Rio Claro, Osório, and Tatuí.

</doc>
<doc id="20896457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896457" title="Wadebridge Camels">
Wadebridge Camels

Wadebridge Camels RFC is a rugby union club based in Wadebridge, Cornwall and has been in existence since 1955. They currently play in the Tribute South West 1 West league having won promotion from the Tribute Western Counties West division by beating Tribute Western Counties North runners-up Thornbury RFC by 25 points to 21 at the end of the 2009–10 season. In what proved to be a very successful season for the Camels, Wadebridge followed up their promotion by winning the Skinners Cornwall Cup final for the second time in three years by beating defending champions St Ives by 26 points to 21.
2008/2009 EDF Energy National Trophy.
The Camels qualified for the competition by winning the Cornwall cup. The club was unfortunately knocked out in the third round by Tynedale. Wadebridge Camels under 16's tour 2010 proved to be an amazing success, also in co-operation with Premier Inn Hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="20896461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896461" title="John Stein (mayor)">
John Stein (mayor)

John C. Stein, is a former American Republican later turned Democratic politician who served as the Mayor of Wasilla, Alaska from 1987 to 1996.
Early life.
Of Pennsylvania Dutch background, John Stein was born in 1944. 
Political career.
Watch on Wasilla.
As Wasilla grew, the need for a police department for the city became evident. Stein, his wife Karen, Chas St. George, Irl Stambaugh (later to be Chief of Police), Sarah Palin, Palin's father-in-law Jim Palin and his wife Faye started a planning group, Watch on Wasilla, to found a police department. Members Stein, Stambaugh and Palin traded notes on their plans at a step-aerobics class they took together.
Mayor of Wasilla, 1987–1996.
Mayoral race of 1996.
In 1996, Sarah Palin ran against Stein for the post of mayor as the Republican Party candidate. Irl Stambaugh, who had become Chief of Police for Wasilla, supported Stein in the campaign. Palin campaigned against Stein's policies related to funding public works. Stein's experience was a factual basis for his campaign. His opponent took a different, less objective route in portraying Stein's policy and character during the election. Stein was ironically, considering his previous associations with Palin, categorized as part of an "old boy network". His opponent was categorized as "Wasilla's first Christian mayor" by a local TV station. Stein felt compelled to reply, listing the previous eight Christian mayors, and clarifying that he was in fact Lutheran, despite his Jewish-sounding name. "I'm proud of such a reputation but I, my family and forbearers are of the Christian persuasion". The validity of Stein's marriage was publicly challenged by local activists Steve Stoll and Mark Chryson, says Stein; his attempts to prove himself by producing a marriage certificate were berated. "They said, 'Well, you could have forged that'". In 2008, Stein reflected back upon Palin's political allies in the 1996 race, calling them her "liquor cabinet", and noting the prevalence of Wasilla's religious conservatives among them.
Sitka.
Stein currently resides in Sitka, Alaska, retiring in 2010. He ran for and lost the mayoral election by two votes in October 2010.
Political positions.
During the mayoral race of 1996, Stein ran on the platform of increasing services to Wasilla that had defined his past achievements in the city including establishing a 2% sales tax to support the creation and operation of a police department and pave many of the gravel streets. He later characterized the issues of abortion, gun control and church/state as being outside the scope of non-partisan local government, and stated that he had been surprised at their appearance as campaign issues in the 1996 election. During his tenure the city of 5,000 was characterized by highway strip development. Stein helped protect Wasilla residential neighborhoods and recreational lakes by initiating an exhaustive public process that lead to the strengthening of local zoning ordinances, along with the surrounding Mat-Su Valley towns of Palmer, Big Lake, Willow, Houston, and Talkeetna. The population and traffic continue to grow, and the city now hosts a half-dozen "big box stores" and many national fast food franchises.
Personal life.
His first son, Reber, was born in 1968 followed by Morgan in 1969 and finally Peter in 1971. All three were with John's first wife, Sandee Snow. John and his second wife, the late Karen Marie, adopted an infant boy, Jackson, in the early 1990s.
John Stein's wife, Karen Marie, died of breast cancer in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="20896480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896480" title="Stefan Molyneux">
Stefan Molyneux

Stefan Basil Molyneux (; born 24 September 1966) is a Canadian blogger and essayist and host of the Freedomain Radio series of podcasts on political philosophy, atheism, personal and relationship issues, and related topics. He is an anarcho-capitalist and atheist. He has written numerous articles and smaller essays which have been published on libertarian websites including LewRockwell.com, antiwar.com, and Strike The Root, and has recorded numerous podcasts and videos, and self-published several books. In 2013, he was diagnosed with lymphoma, from which he has successfully recovered.
Early life.
Molyneux holds a B.A. in History from McGill University and an M.A. in history from University of Toronto.
Career.
Since 2005 Molyneux produces Freedomain Radio website offering an online podcast and other materials presenting his views on topics including anarcho-capitalism, ethics, Austrian economics, religion, education, family, and politics. Molyneux is the author of various self-published non-fiction books which he distributes for sale and free download on his website. He has conducted interviews with various public figures on topics relating to education, academia, psychology, politics, and economics. Molyneux has spoken at numerous libertarian conferences and events since 2009, including FreedomFest in Las Vegas in 2012 and PorcFest in Lancaster, NH in 2013. He was a commentator on talk radio program "Adam vs The Man". He has also appeared on RT's The Keiser Report, ReasonTV, as well as The Alex Jones Show. In 2012, Molyneux guest-hosted the Peter Schiff Show several times. In 2013 he appeared as a guest on the Joe Rogan Experience.
Criticism.
Throughout his career Stefan Molyneux has maintained that relationships between individuals and their parents are, and should be, entirely voluntary, and that adults who find their parents abusive and unwilling to change should disassociate with them entirely if they want to. In 2005, Molyneux published a statement on maintaining relationships with parents based on his and his wife's evaluation.
In 2008, one Freedomain Radio member's parents' complaints about these ideas were published as part of a series of newspaper articles. The parents claimed that Freedomain Radio is a therapeutic cult after the 18-year-old member left home and severed all contact with his family, an action that Freedomain Radio calls "deFOO" (borrowed from academic psychology, "FOO" is an acronym "Family of Origin"). In response Mr. Molyneux claimed that only about 20 FDR members had "deFOOed" their families, compared to 50,000 regular listeners.
In October 2012, Molyneux's wife, Christina Papadopoulos, was found guilty of professional misconduct by the College of Psychologists of Ontario for offering her "deFOO" advice to a person through the Internet, for a variety of reasons, including that her recommendations were not standard practice, and that it is against their policy to offer personal psychological advice in a public setting or otherwise outside of regular counselling sessions. Molyneux quickly removed all references of Papadopoulos from his website and she no longer joined him on his podcasts. 
Libertarian David Gordon reviewed Molyneux's "Universally Preferable Behavior: A Rational Proof for Secular Ethics" in "The Mises Review" in 2012 and stated, "arguments [in the book are often preposterously bad." Mr. Molyneux replied in a detailed response. Dr. Gordon later wrote a reply.

</doc>
<doc id="20896488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896488" title="Ahmadnagar Sultanate">
Ahmadnagar Sultanate

See Also: History of Ahmednagar
The Ahmadnagar Sultanate () was a late medieval Indian kingdom, located in the northwestern Deccan, between the sultanates of Gujarat and Bijapur. Malik Ahmad, the Bahmani governor of Junnar after defeating the Bahmani army led by general Jahangir Khan on 28 May 1490 declared independence and established the Nizam Shahi dynasty rule over the sultanate of Ahmednagar. Initially his capital was in Junnar. In 1494, the foundation was laid for the new capital Ahmadnagar. In 1636 Aurangzeb, then Mugal viceroy of Deccan finally annexed the sultanate to the Mughal empire.
Establishment.
Malik Ahmad was the son of Nizam-ul-Mulk Malik Hasan Bahri. After the death of his father, he assumed the appellation of his father and from this the dynasty found by him is known as the Nizam Shahi dynasty. He founded the new capital Ahmadnagar on the bank of the river Sina. After several attempts, he secured the great fortress of Daulatabad in 1499.
Reigns of the successors of Malik Ahmad.
After the death of Malik Ahmad in 1510, his son Burhan, a boy of seven was, installed in his place. In the initial days of his reign, the control of the kingdom was in the hands of Mukammal Khan, an Ahmadnagar official and his son. Burhan Shah I died in Ahmadnagar in 1553. He left six sons, of whom Hussain succeeded him. After the death of Hussain Shah I in 1565, his minor son Murtaza ascended the throne. During his minority, his mother Khanzada Humayun Sultana better known in history as Chand Sultana or Chand Bibi ruled as a regent for several years. Murtaza Shah annexed Berar in 1572. On his death in 1588, his son Miran Hussain ascended the throne. But his reign could last only a little more than ten months as he was poisoned to death. Ismail, a cousin of Miran Hussain was raised to the throne, but the actual power was in the hands of Jamal Khan, the leader of the Deccani/Habshi group in the court. Jamal Khan was killed in the battle of Rohankhed in 1591 and soon Ismail Shah was also captured and confined by his father Burhan, who ascended the throne as Burhan Shah. But Chand Bibi fought him.Winning the kingdom, Chand Bibi ascended the throne . After the death of Chand Bibi in July, 1600 Ahmadnagar was conquered by the Mughals and Bahadur Shah was imprisoned.
Malik Ambar and the demise of the sultanate.
Although, Ahmadnager city and its adjoining areas were occupied by the Mughals, an extensive part of the kingdom still remained in possession of the influential officials of the Nizam Shahi dynasty. Malik Ambar and other Ahmadnagar officials defied the Mughals and declared Murtaza Shah II as sultan in 1600 at a new capital Paranda. Malik Ambar became prime minister and "Vakil-us-Saltanat" of Ahmadnagar. Later, the capital was shifted first to Junnar and then to a new city Khadki (later Aurangabad). After the death of Malik Ambar in May 1626, his son Fath Khan surrendered to the Mughals in 1633 and handed over the young Nizam Shahi ruler Hussain Shah, who was sent as a prisoner to the fort of Gwalior. But soon, Shahaji with the assistance of Bijapur, placed an infant scion of the Nizam Shahi dynasty, Murtaza on the throne and he became the regent. In 1636 Aurangzeb, then Mughal viceroy of Deccan finally annexed the sultanate to the Mughal empire after defeating Shahaji.
Revenue System of Malik Ambar.
The revenue system introduced by Malik Ambar was based on the revenue system introduced in Northern India ad some parts of Gujarat and Khandesh subahs by Raja Todarmal. Lands were classified as good or bad according to their fertility and he took a number of years to ascertain accurately the average yield of lands. He abolished the revenue farming. At first, revenue was fixed as two-fifths of the actual produce in kind, but later the cultivators were allowed to pay in cash equivalent to approximately one-third of the yield. Although an average rent was fixed for each plot of land but actual collections depended on the conditions of crops and they varied from year to year.
List of Rulers.
The following is the list of the Nizam Shahi rulers of Ahmadnagar:

</doc>
<doc id="20896507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896507" title="Cuccidati">
Cuccidati

Cuccidati is a Sicilian fig-stuffed cookie traditionally served at Christmas time.

</doc>
<doc id="20896509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896509" title="Definitive Collection Mini LP Replica CD Boxset">
Definitive Collection Mini LP Replica CD Boxset

Definitive Collection Mini LP Replica CD Boxset is a twelve compact disc box set of albums by English rock group Led Zeppelin, distributed by Atlantic Records in conjunction with Rhino Entertainment on 4 November 2008. It contains all nine of the original Led Zeppelin studio albums digitally remastered and compressed, with the inclusion of previously unreleased tracks that had surfaced on the Box Set series, on Disc 12, as well as the two disc remastered edition of the film soundtrack "The Song Remains the Same", which also includes bonus tracks. The albums are placed in chronological order all with miniature replica sleeves of the original vinyl releases. Previous to this box set, these replica CDs were only available as individual releases from Japan. A Japanese deluxe box-set was made available initially from 10 September 2008, limited to 5,000 copies on SHM-CD format.
The miniature replica sleeves have made all efforts possible to preserve the original artwork and functionality of the original vinyl releases. As such, the sleeves and CD labels only list what songs were originally released, omitting the bonus tracks from the packaging.
Track listing.
Notes:
(*) Includes five bonus tracks: "Black Dog" (with "Bring It On Home" intro), "Over the Hills and Far Away", "Misty Mountain Hop", "Since I've Been Loving You", and "The Ocean".
(**) Includes one bonus track: "Heartbreaker".
(***) Includes four bonus tracks: "Baby Come On Home", "Travelling Riverside Blues", "White Summer"/"Black Mountain Side", and "Hey Hey What Can I Do".

</doc>
<doc id="20896514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896514" title="Disneyland Dream">
Disneyland Dream

Disneyland Dream (1956) is a home movie made by Robbins and Meg Barstow that documents their family's free trip to the newly opened Disneyland. The one-week trip was a prize that they won in a contest sponsored by Scotch tape. The movie was shot with a 16 mm handheld camera. It lasts approximately 30 minutes. An audio track was added to the film in 1995.
The Barstows lived in Wethersfield, Connecticut. They flew to California with TWA and stayed at The Huntington Sheraton hotel in Pasadena. They visited other Southern California locations, including Knott's Berry Farm, Hollywood, Grauman's Chinese Theatre, Beverly Hills, Universal Studios, Will Rogers' home and Catalina Island on their July 1956 trip.
Comedian Steve Martin who worked at Disneyland as a child, appears at about twenty minutes into the film, briefly walking left to right in the lower part of the frame, dressed in top hat, vest, and pink striped shirt.
National Film Registry.
In 2008, "Disneyland Dream" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". The National Film Registry cited its "fantastical historical snapshots" of early Southern California and the budding importance of the home movies in "American cultural studies as they provide priceless and authentic record of time and place."
Commenting on the selection of "Disneyland Dream" into the National Film Registry, Robbins Barstow stated: "I think it's because it gives a picture of a representative American middle class family that's functional".

</doc>
<doc id="20896524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896524" title="CSTNET">
CSTNET

CSTNET or China Science and Technology Network () offers Internet services to the Chinese education, research, scientific and technical communities, relevant government departments and hi-tech enterprises, providing services such as network access, host trusteeship, virtual host and domain name registration etc. On April 20, 1994, CSTNET launched the first national formal Internet link and this became the earliest direct global connected Internet in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20896529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896529" title="Keta Sandlanders Football Club">
Keta Sandlanders Football Club

The Keta Sandlanders are a Ghanaian association football club based in Keta, Ghana. They are competing in the GAFCOA. 

</doc>
<doc id="20896545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896545" title="Bangial">
Bangial

The Bangial, or sometime spelt Bangyal are a tribe of Rajputs found principally in the Potohar region of Punjab, Pakistan. They also to be a found in the Jhelum, Gujrat and Gujranwala districts of the Punjab.
History and origins.
The Bangial are closely related to the Baghial tribe. Their first ancestor to convert to the Islamic faith was a Bangash Khan, who also seen as an ancestor by the Baghial tribe. They describe themselves as being of Panwar Rajput origin, as do the Baghial, Bhakral and Hon Rajputs, all four being found mainly in the Potohar region of Punjab and Azad Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="20896573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896573" title="Namco (plug-n-play game)">
Namco (plug-n-play game)

A Namco Plug & Play Game is any of a series of models dedicated to games by Namco which make up a subset of Jakks Pacific's Plug It In & Play TV Games plug-n-play game system lineup with the exception of the newest one called "Pac-Man Connect and Play" which was handled by Bandai instead of Jakks Pacific. They should not be confused with the Japan-only "Namco Nostalgia" pair of plug-n-play games directly from Namco Bandai.
Namco TV Game series.
"Pac-Man".
This first unit in the series contains "Pac-Man", "Galaxian", "Rally-X", "Dig Dug", and "Bosconian". The original version of the game did not save high scores but there is a variant of this unit, in a pocket-size form factor, which is smaller and has the ability to save high scores.
"Ms. Pac-Man".
This unit contains "Ms. Pac-Man", "Galaga", "Mappy", "Xevious", and "Pole Position". After Jakks Pacific introduced their proprietary GameKey expansion card concept, a revision of this model included a GameKey slot. Two GameKeys were released for this model: one with "Dig Dug" and "New Rally-X" and one with "Pac-Man", "Rally-X", and "Bosconian". The GameKey-enabled model saves high scores.
Wireless "Ms. Pac-Man".
This unit contains all of the games from the Ms. Pac-Man unit, "Ms. Pac-Man", "Galaga", "Mappy", "Xevious" and "Pole Position" plus "New Rally-X", and "Bosconian". It consists of a wireless controller and an infrared receiver base which connects to the television. This model was the first to save high scores.
"Super Pac-Man".
This unit contains "Pac-Man", "Super Pac-Man", "Pac & Pal", and "Pac-Man Plus", and it can save high scores. The presence of "Pac-Man Plus" here marks the first time the game has ever received a home port.
"Pac-Man" Arcade Gold.
This unit combines the "Pac-Man" and "Super Pac-Man" units' contents, replacing "Rally-X" with "New Rally-X". Thus, the games contained within are "Pac-Man", "Galaxian", "New Rally-X", "Dig Dug", "Bosconian", "Super Pac-Man", "Pac & Pal", and "Pac-Man Plus". It saves high scores.
Retro Arcade Featuring "Pac-Man".
This unit combines the contents of the "Pac-Man", "Ms. Pac-Man", and "Super Pac-Man" units, with the omission of "Ms. Pac-Man" and the replacement of "Rally-X" with "New Rally-X". Thus, the games contained within are "Pac-Man", "Galaxian", "New Rally-X", "Dig Dug", "Bosconian", "Galaga", "Mappy", "Xevious", "Pole Position", "Super Pac-Man", "Pac & Pal", and "Pac-Man Plus". It saves high scores.
"Pac-Man" Connect and Play.
Bandai released a "Pac-Man" plug-n-play system to tie in with the upcoming The games that the system boasts uses every game's original coding, making it possible to play to Pac-Man's infamous 256th glitched split-screen level. It also features the same games as the Retro Arcade, excluding "Pole Position", which is replaced with a new game called ""Pac-Man 256"". The game starts out with level 255 so that players would not have to play all 256 levels. It also features a compartment to store the TV wires, and a display side.

</doc>
<doc id="20896589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896589" title="Carl Christian Vogel von Vogelstein">
Carl Christian Vogel von Vogelstein

Carl Christian Vogel von Vogelstein (26 June 1788, Wildenfels, Kursachsen – 4 March 1868, Munich), born "Vogel", was a German painter.
Life.
Son of the child and portrait painter Christian Leberecht Vogel, Vogel was trained early in life by his father. From 1804 he visited the Kunstakademie in Dresden, where he copied many paintings in the Gemäldegalerie and also produced the first of his own portraits.
In 1807 he replied to an invitation from Baron von Löwenstern, whose children he had taught in Dresden, to come to Dorpat in Livland. In 1808 he moved to Saint Petersburg, where he set up a studio in the princely and successfully worked producing portraits of nobles and diplomats.
In 1812 Vogel was finally rich enough to make a long-desired grand tour to Italy, stopping off at Berlin and Dresden on the way, where he painted his parents and Franz Pettrich. From 1813 to 1820 he lived in Rome, where many German artists were active at that time. He tried to run a middle course between the classicising and romanticising schools then prevailing there, with a style of his own closely drawing on that of Raphael Mengs. In Italy he copied a large number of paintings and wall paintings by the old masters. On later journeys he further augmented his collection of copies and in 1860 published a catalogue of them.
Besides religious paintings, landscapes and anatomical studies, Vogel also produced portraits in Rome, of subjects such as Bertel Thorvaldsen, Lucien Bonaparte and – on behalf of the king of Saxony - Pope Pius VII. Vogel much enjoyed Rome, as Ringseis illustrates by this story - in 1818 he received a gift of a bottle of 1634 Rheinwein wine (given by crown prince Louis I of Bavaria in thanks for the decoration of a festal hall) by unanimous resolution of his colleagues
Marriage and issue.
In 1826 Vogel married Julie Gensiken, a daughter of the writer Wilhelmine Gensicken. His wife died on 14 April 1828. Vogel's only child was Johannes Arnolf Leo Vogel von Vogelstein (1827–1889), Dr. jur., K. b. BezGerAss. a.D.

</doc>
<doc id="20896591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896591" title="Olinda-Ferny Creek Football Club">
Olinda-Ferny Creek Football Club

The Olinda Football Club was formed in 1908 and is based at the Olinda Recreation Reserve, Olinda . 
The Club is known as"The Bloods" and wear a white jumper with a red “vee” and play in the First Division of the Yarra Valley Mountain District Football League.
Premierships.
Premierships: 
Seniors: 1910, 1924,1932 1965, 1966, 1967, 1978, 1988, 2005, 2009
Reserves: 2009
Under 18s: 2009,2010
Club History & Results.
Short history
Trevor Billington coached the club to three flags in a row in the mid 1960s,

</doc>
<doc id="20896593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896593" title="Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League">
Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League

The Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League (TBJHL) was a Canadian Junior ice hockey league that existed from circa 1920 to 1980. The TBJHL operated in Northwestern Ontario, primarily in the Thunder Bay region.
The Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League was what is now known as a Major Junior hockey league from roughly 1920 until the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association realignment of 1970. After 1970, the TBJHL was relegated to Tier II Junior A and competed for the Manitoba Centennial Trophy until the league folded in 1980.
Thunder Bay and the TBJHL was considered on the border region of what people would call Eastern Canada and Western Canada. Due to its location, the Thunder Bay league often switched from East to West year-to-year in National playdowns. The league's remoteness resulted in keeping the league's few teams from competing in the neighbouring Manitoba Junior Hockey League or Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League, making the league's existence a necessity to the region's hockey community.
Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League teams made the Memorial Cup finals four times in fifty years, winning Canada's top junior hockey prize in 1922 (Fort William War Veterans) and 1948 (Port Arthur West End Bruins).
The TBJHL is the indirect predecessor of the Superior International Junior Hockey League who brought a Junior A league back to the region in 2001, 21 years after the TBJHL folded.
History.
Although hockey in Thunder Bay dates back well before 1920, the Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League first competed in Memorial Cup action in 1921. In only their second year of operation at the Junior A level, the league celebrated their first National championship as the Fort William War Veterans defeated the Regina Pats 5-4 and tied them 3-3 to win the championship. To get there, the Vets had to defeat Toronto Aura Lee in the Eastern Canada final, beating them 5-3 in a one-game showdown.
It took 26 years for a team from the Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League to repeat the feat. In 1947-48, the Port Arthur West End Bruins finished the regular season in first place with a record of 9 wins, no losses, no ties. They were given a berth directly into the league final where they met the Fort William Columbus Canadiens. The first game resulted in a 7-7 tie, and the Bruins won the second game 9-7. Game three sparked some controversy as the game was tied 5-5 and the Columbus Canadiens walked off the ice. In response, the league ruled the game a forfeit in the Bruins favour. Games four and five were won by the Bruins 8-3 and 5-3 to give the series and league championship to the Bruins 4-games-to-none with 1 tie. In the Eastern Canadian semi-final, the Bruins had to play the Manitoba Junior Hockey League's Winnipeg Monarchs. Port Arthur won game one 12-3, game two 6-4, and game three 10-4. The Monarchs started to rally, winning game four 7-5 and game five 5-3. Finally, in game six, the Bruins were able to put the final nail in the coffin as they won 7-2 and took the series 4-games-to-2. Next, Port Arthur found themselves in the Abbott Cup final against the Southern Alberta Junior Hockey League's Lethbridge Native Sons. Lethbridge took game one 6-1 and game two 7-6. Port Arthur came back with a 7-4 win. Lethbridge put the series on the brink with a 5-4 win before Port Arthur came back with three solid victories; 5-0, 6-4, 11-1; to come from behind and take the Abbott Cup. This earned them a berth in the Memorial Cup against the Ontario Hockey Association's Barrie Flyers in Toronto. Ignited by the Abbott Cup final comeback, the Bruins kept on rolling, sweeping the Flyers 4-games-to-none with scores of 10-8, 8-1, 5-4, and 9-8 respectively. This would be the final Memorial Cup won by a TBJHL team.
From the 1964 until 1969, the TBJHL had a rivalry and was in direct competition annually for the TBAHA seed to the Memorial Cup against the neighbouring Northwestern Ontario Junior Hockey League. By 1969, the NWOJHL had dropped to Junior B and may have become the Thunder Bay Junior B Hockey League, the TBJHL's feeder league in the 1970s.
In 1970, the Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League was caught in the transformation of Junior hockey. In the spring of 1970, the Fort William Westfort Hurricanes defeated the Port Arthur Marrs 3-games-to-2 and the Fort William Canadiens 4-games-to-1 to win the TBJHL championship. They then played the Dauphin Kings of the MJHL in the Abbott Cup semi-final and defeated them 4-games-to-2. This advanced them to the Abbott Cup, essentially the final-four of Canadian junior hockey at the time. Up against the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League's Weyburn Red Wings, were defeated 4-games-to-2 despite leading 2-games-to-none at one point. Weyburn ended up losing the Memorial Cup final to the Montreal Junior Canadiens. During them summer, the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association decided to demote five of the six Junior A league of Western Canada to Tier II Junior A and rename Junior A to Major Junior. The effected leagues were the BCJHL, AJHL, SJHL, MJHL, and TBJHL. The only league that was left at the Major Junior level was the rebellious Western Canada Junior Hockey League. The five remaining leagues were barred from competing for the Memorial Cup, even though, all but the TBJHL, retained the right to the Abbott Cup. Two leagues remained at Major Junior in Eastern Canada, the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League, formerly known as the OHA, and the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. All that remained for Tier II Junior A in Eastern Canada were a couple small leagues in Ontario (SOJAHL, CJHL) and even smaller leagues in the Maritime Provinces. To balance the power a bit, the CAHA assigned the TBJHL to the Eastern section of the national playdowns for the first time since 1927.
In 1971, the TBJHL allowed for the expansion of the St. Paul, MN-sponsored Thunder Bay Vulcans. The Vulcans won the league title in their first season. In 1972, the St. Paul group were granted the right to create their own league in Minnesota. They brought the Thunder Bay franchise with them, renaming it the Thunder Bay Centennials, and lured away the Thunder Bay Hurricanes. For the 1972-73 season, the newly formed Can-Am Junior Hockey League was actually allowed to represent the Thunder Bay district at the National level. In 1973-74, the Centennials fled the league and were renamed the Thunder Bay Beavers. The Can-Am league joined USA Hockey and were renamed the Midwest Junior Hockey League. The only Canadian team that remained was the Hurricanes. The Hercs competed in the TBJHL playoffs in 1974, despite not being a league member, and won the region against the crowned league champion Fort William Canadiens. The Hercs returned to the TBJHL full-time for the 1974-75 season.
In 1976, league expanded to 6 teams with the induction of the Atikokan Voyageurs and Thunder Bay Blades.
The 1978-79 season began with the merging of the Beavers, Canadians, and Hurricanes into the Degagne Buccaneers and Case Eagles and Blades into the Thunder Bay North Stars. The Voyageurs folded late in the season and were replaced by the league-bolstered "Rural Voyageurs". For 1979-80, they were replaced by the Nip-Rock Rangers. On June 26, 1980, the league was liquidated in favour of a single Jr. A entity in Thunder Bay—the Thunder Bay Kings. Both the North Stars and Buccaneers went out of business on July 6, 1980 when the TBAHA revoked their Junior A status in favour of what would be the Kings.
In 1980, the Thunder Bay Kings were created as a powerhouse Junior A team and helped create a new league called the Thunder Bay Hockey League with the Sr. A Thunder Bay Twins, Int. A Thunder Bay Blazers, and CIAU Lakehead Nor'Westers. In 1984, they were renamed the Thunder Bay Flyers and joined the United States Hockey League. They won the Anderson Cup as USHL regular season champs in 1988, 1989, 1991, and 1992; the Clark Cup as American Junior A National Champions in 1988 and 1989; the Dudley Hewitt Cup as Central Canadian Champions in 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, and 1995; the Manitoba Centennial Cup as Canadian Tier II Junior A National Champions in 1989 and 1992. The Flyers folded in 2000.
In 2001, the Superior International Junior Hockey League was formed, following in the footsteps of the Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League.
Playoff Champions.
The winner of the TBJHL Playoffs was awarded the Jack Adams Trophy as Thunder Bay Amateur Hockey Association Junior "A" Champions. Since this was a branch championship, Champions from the North Shore or Kenora-Fort Frances Leagues were eligible to challenge for it. The TBJHL Champions probably exclusively won the Bill Fero Trophy as Lakehead Junior Champions.
National Playdowns.
Memorial Cup.
"National Champions".
Champions
Finalists
George Richardson Memorial Trophy.
"Eastern Canadian Champions".
Champions
Finalists
Abbott Cup.
"Western Canadian Champions".
Champions
Finalists
Thunder Bay Hockey League.
In 1980, the Thunder Bay Junior A Hockey League had been reduced to three teams: the Degagne Buccaneers, Thunder Bay North Stars, and Nip-Rock Rangers or nearby Nipigon, Ontario. Instead of continuing with the slowly faltering league, the Thunder Bay Amateur Hockey Association decided it would more efficient to form a City-wide superleague with one top level team from each major level. In the league would be the Thunder Bay Twins (eligible for the Allan Cup), Thunder Bay Blazers (Hardy Cup), Thunder Bay Kings (Centennial Cup), and Lakehead Nor'Wester (University Cup).
By 1982 the Blazers merged with the Twins as the Intermediate level was ended by the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association, the Twins moved to the Central Senior Amateur Hockey League in Manitoba, and the Nor'Westers moved into the Ontario University Association. The League was rearranged into a multi-tier Junior league with the Kings at the Jr. A level, the new Thunder Bay Hornets and Schreiber North Stars at Jr. B, eligible for the newly created Keystone Cup. Schreiber left after one year and were replaced by the Thunder Bay Maple Leafs. In 1984, the league was disbanded. The Kings changed their names to the Flyers and joined the United States Hockey League, the Maple Leafs folded, and the Hornets were promoted to the Manitoba Junior Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20896595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896595" title="Broderick Dyke">
Broderick Dyke

Broderick Dyke (born 31 December 1960, in Gumeracha, Australia), is a former professional tennis player from Australia. 
Dyke enjoyed most of his tennis success while playing doubles. During his career he won 8 doubles titles and finished runner-up an additional 14 times. He achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 23 in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20896612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896612" title="Sohlan clan">
Sohlan clan

The Sohlan are a Rajput tribe of Panhwar Rajput descent which is a sub-branch of the Paramara dynasty Rajputs.
The Muslim section is found chiefly in the Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir, with small numbers found in Jhelum, in Pothohar (Gujar Khan, Rawalpindi, Muree) and Gujrat Districts.
Sohlan in Azad Kashmir.
Their areas include Bani (Mirpur), Dalyala, Ghaseetpur Sohalian, Mehmunpur, Sahang which are the centres of the tribe in Mirpur District. These mainly centre around Khari Sharif which has historically been ruled by this family. Since the development of the Mangla Dam, old Jabot Village was submerged underwater causing many families to move back to Khari Sharif, the ancestral area of the clan and to set up New Jabot.
During the time of the Delhi Sultanate and the Mughals the reigning authorities never levied taxes in the Solhan rules areas, in lieu of peaceful passage to Kabul. That is why you will find the Sohlan villages across the Jhelum River. Sohlan areas came under the rule of the Sikhs during Maharaja Ranjit Singh's ascendancy whose armies captured Jammu and Kashmir in 1819. This rule lasted until 1857 when areas north of the Jhelum river were handed over to the Gulab Singh Dogra in an agreement with the British as part of the Treaty of Amritsar.
As the British viewed Rajputs as a martial caste, many members of the clan served in the British Indian Army in both World Wars seeing action in Egypt and Burma by travelling into British ruled Punjab and signing up at Jhelum. Joining the army was often the best way to supplement family incomes since most families lived off their land. 
Many elders of this clan were rulers including Sardar, Zaildars and lambardars and were responsible of collecting taxes on behalf of the Dogra Maharajah of Kashmir who ruled the Azad Kashmir area. Raja Sajjawal Khan was first Muslim and Sohlan Rajput grade one Zaildar in Khari Sharif who defeated Hindu Zaildar Badrinath in elections. 
Legend has that Mangla Devi an ancestor of the tribe and after whom Mangla is named after was the first person from the tribe to convert to Islam. Since then the family has been involved in religious affairs providing land on which the shrine of Pir-e Shah Ghazi and more famously Mian Muhammad Bakhsh now stand. 
The Sohlan clan are connected with Panwar Royal family which ruled Malwa region.
Sohlan in Punjab.
The Sohlan are also found in Jhelum District, and like those of Azad Kashmir, claim descent from the Panwar Rajputs. Their villages are found north of the city of Jhelum, the principal settlement being Sohan. Other villages include Gatiali, Pakhwal Rajgan, Chitti Rajgan, Pind Ratwal Tahlianwala, Dhok Sohlnan, Piraghaib and Langerpur. They are closely connected to the Chibs, who are their neighbours.
The Sohlan are also found in village Sahang and Dhok Sohlan near Tehsil Gujar Khan district and Morah Sohlan in district Islamabad. 
Former Governor of Punjab Lieutenant General Raja Saroop Khan was a Sohlan Rajput.

</doc>
<doc id="20896620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896620" title="Relentless (Jason Aldean song)">
Relentless (Jason Aldean song)

"Relentless" is a song written by James LeBlanc and John Paul White,and recorded by American country music artist Jason Aldean. It was released in May 2008 as the third and final single and title track from his album "Relentless". The song peaked at number 15 on the "Billboard" country charts in late 2008.
Content.
"Relentless" is a mid-tempo in which the narrator describes his lover as being relentless in nature ("I can't outrun it / Just keeps comin' / Girl, your love is relentless"). He compares her to a daydream, crashing waves, and a storm.
Reception.
Leeann Ward, reviewing the song for Country Universe, gave it a B- rating. She described the verses as having "somewhat murky" lyrics, although she added that they "are liable to get stuck in your head."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Ryan Smith, and aired in June 2008. The video takes place at a motel with Jason Aldean and his band featured in the motel room in some scenes, and in some scenes, Jason Aldean and his band is performing on the parking lot.
Chart performance.
"Relentless" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs for the week of May 10, 2008. The song peaked at number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, becoming the first single of Aldean's career to miss the Top Ten. Also, it is his first not to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100, but it did peak at number 3 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 (equivalent to number 103 on the Hot 100).

</doc>
<doc id="20896627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896627" title="IWA World Tag Team Championship (WCW Australia)">
IWA World Tag Team Championship (WCW Australia)

The IWA World Tag Team Championship was the top tag team professional wrestling title in the Australian World Championship Wrestling promotion from 1966 through 1971.
Although a part of WCW, the championship carried the IWA initials, for the "International Wrestling Alliance", WCW's sanctioning body for its championships.
WCW joined the National Wrestling Alliance in August 1969, but still recognized this title as its world title. In 1971, the title was abandoned and the NWA Austra-Asian Tag Team Championship was established as WCW's new top tag team title.
37 different teams held the championship, combining for 50 individual title reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="20896630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896630" title="Berkeley Park Subdivision Historic District">
Berkeley Park Subdivision Historic District

Berkeley Park Subdivision Historic District is a residential subdivision in Syracuse, New York. It was designed in 1911 by Clarence Congdon. It is significant as "an outstanding and highly intact representation of early-twentieth century landscape architectural design."
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
References.
Syracuse Then and Now

</doc>
<doc id="20896631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896631" title="Kelton House Museum and Garden">
Kelton House Museum and Garden

The Kelton House Museum and Garden is a Greek Revival and Italianate mansion in the Discovery District of downtown Columbus, Ohio. The museum was established by the Junior League of Columbus to promote an understanding of daily life, customs, and decorative arts in 19th century Columbus and to educate visitors about the Underground Railroad.
Fernando Cortez Kelton was a merchant from Vermont who rose to prominence in Columbus as a drygoods wholesaler. He and his wife, Sophia Langdon Stone Kelton, built the Kelton House on Town Street in 1852. The Keltons were fervent abolitionists who used their home as a stop on the Underground Railroad. Fernando Kelton was so respected for his abolitionist work that he was selected to be a pallbearer at the funeral procession of Abraham Lincoln when Lincoln's remains were brought to Columbus on their way to Illinois for burial. The Keltons' eldest son Oscar joined the 95th Ohio Infantry, Company A in 1862 to fight against slavery. He rose to the rank of First Lieutenant before getting killed in the Battle of Brice's Crossroads on June 10, 1864. The same year, the Keltons took in Martha Hartway, a young runaway slave from Virginia. She was raised as part of the family until her marriage in 1874 to Thomas Lawrence, a carpenter whose work can still be seen in the Kelton House.
The house passed on to the Kelton's son, Frank Kelton. He married Isabella Morrow Coit, a suffragist who was one of the first four women to attend The Ohio State University. Her mother was the well known local women’s rights leader Elizabeth Greer Coit. Frank later traded houses with his brother Edwin to better accommodate the various sizes of their families.
Edwin’s daughter Grace Bird Kelton was the last member of the family to own the house. She lived there until her death in 1975. Grace was one of the first people in the country to make her living as an interior decorator, having studied at both the Parsons School of Design and the Pratt Institute. Her work was widely recognized; along with other members of AID, she consulted on the Jacqueline Kennedy redecoration of the White House in the 1960s.
After Grace’s death, the house was left to the Columbus Foundation. They lease it to the Junior League of Columbus, who restored it to represent a time period between 1852 and 1900. The house now operates as a museum and events facility. Approximately 80 – 90 percent of the furnishings that visitors can see in the home were owned by the Kelton family.
References.
Kelton, Dwight H. (1895), "Kelton Family Items". Montpelier, Vt.: D.H. Kelton.
Lee, Alfred Emory (1892), "History of the City of Columbus, Capital of Ohio". Columbus: W.W. Munsell & Co.
Roster Commission (1886–95), "Official Roster of the Soldiers of the State of Ohio in the War of the Rebellion, 1861-1866." Akron: Werner Co.
Studer, Jacob Henry (1873), "Columbus, Ohio: Its History, Resources, and Progress, with Numerous Illustrations". Columbus, Ohio, J.H. Studer.

</doc>
<doc id="20896680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896680" title="Alec Metro">
Alec Metro

Alec Metro (born January 18, 1966 in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States) is a pornographic actor. He began appearing in adult films in around 1993 has since appeared in over 475 movies. He has also directed at least 12 movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20896686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896686" title="Charms of the Night Sky">
Charms of the Night Sky

Charms of the Night Sky is the tenth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the German Winter & Winter label in 1998 and features performances by Douglas, Greg Cohen, Mark Feldman and Guy Klucevsek.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Trumpeter Dave Douglas has participated in so many styles of music that listing them all would be mesmerizing. Some of his best work has been performed in free style and hard bop jazz groups. Here, he charts a different path, albeit one that he has pursued successfully before, in a mellow, lovely vein". 

</doc>
<doc id="20896693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896693" title="Late-April 1909 tornado outbreak">
Late-April 1909 tornado outbreak

The late-April 1909 tornado outbreak was a deadly tornado outbreak that affected much of the central and Southern United States between April 29 and May 1, 1909. Affecting particularly the Mississippi and Tennessee Valleys, it killed over 150 people, 60 of them in the U.S. state of Tennessee alone. It was the deadliest known tornado outbreak to affect Tennessee until March 21, 1952, when 64 people died statewide. 45 in 1974 To this day, the 1909 outbreak remains the second-deadliest on record in Tennessee—even the April 3–4, 1974, Super Outbreak and the February 5–6, 2008, Super Tuesday outbreak produced just 45 and 31 deaths each in the state.
Meteorological synopsis.
During the late afternoon and the overnight hours of April 29, 1909, numerous strong to violent tornadoes affected the areas of northern Alabama, eastern Arkansas, southern Illinois, northern Mississippi, southeastern Missouri, and western Tennessee (the NWS Memphis, Tennessee, coverage area). In that general area, at least 55 were killed by tornadoes.
The deadliest tornado touched down just south of the Tennessee-Mississippi state line in Desoto County and tracked east-northeast for about across Shelby, Fayette, Hardeman, Chester, Henderson and Decatur Counties. While it was estimated to be an F4, some reports indicate that there was more than one tornado. Among the towns affected were Horn Lake, Mississippi, where about half of the fatalities were recorded, and Whitehaven, Tennessee, where the tornado damaged 30 homes. The parent supercell thunderstorm continued on to produce additional tornadoes in Scott County.
North of Memphis, Tennessee, two F3 tornadoes killed a total of 22 from Crittenden County, Arkansas, to Carroll County, Tennessee. Homes were destroyed in Marion, Arkansas, resulting in five deaths in Arkansas. In Tennessee, the town of Locke was mostly destroyed by the first F3 tornado. The second F3 tornado flattened structures near Covington and Medina. Several of the injured people who later died were plantation workers. A family of tornadoes also affected later Hickman and Williamson Counties southwest of Nashville and later moved into Cookeville and Putnam Counties. Three other tornadoes killed four people in the Memphis coverage area, including in St. Francis and Lee Counties in Arkansas and Haywood County in Tennessee.
Other F4 recorded were reported in Missouri near Golden, in Illinois near Texas City, and in south-central Tennessee near Bee Springs, just north of the Alabama state line. 11 deaths were recorded in the Missouri storm, 5 near Texas City and 29 along the Alabama-Tennessee state line. The Bee Springs tornado touched down in northernmost Limestone County, Alabama, before crossing the into Lincoln and Giles Counties in Tennessee. Hardest-hit areas were in and around Pulaski, Bryson and Fayetteville. Another strong tornado struck Franklin County near Decherd. 
Historical perspective.
The April 1909 outbreak was part of an active and deadly year nationally for tornadoes. The 77 killer tornadoes recorded in the year 1909 marked an all-time yearly record for the number of killer tornadoes, a total that was only equaled in the year 1917. However, the 1909 outbreak did not produce any F5 tornadoes on the Fujita scale; only one such event occurred in Tennessee on April 16, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20896697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896697" title="Kahlotra">
Kahlotra

The Kahlotra Rajput are a Suryavanshi Rajput tribe found in India. They are a sub clan of the Manhas Rajput tribe.
History.
The Kahlotra Rajput tribe was a very influential tribe in Naushera and Rajauri tehsils of the Riasi District until 1947.
In 1947 the entire Muslim part of the Kahlotra tribe migrated from the Jammu region to Azad Kashmir and Pakistan, at the time of the partition of India. The majority of this Rajput tribe are still of the Hindu faith and they are found in Indian Kashmir(Jammu region and neighboring states in India).
The Kahlotra played an important role in Adam malia (Non payment of land tax) and Quit Kashmir movement.
Distribution.
Kahlotra Rajput are found mainly in the south eastern portion of the Kotli District, as well as some other parts of southern Azad Kashmir, including Mirpur and Bhimber Districts.
References.
Ref>PUNJABI MUSALMANS Lt. Col. J.M. Wikeley Second Edition THE BOOK HOUSE (Flip Book format)</ref>
Ref <Kaschmir und das Reich der Siek: Band III (German Edition) (Paperback)>
Ref <Bates, Charles E. 1873. A Gazetteer of Kashmir and the adjacent districts of Kishtwar, Badrawar, Jamu, Naoshera, Punch, and the valley of the Kishen Ganga. Ca>
Ref<Travels in Kashmir and the Punjab
By (author): Charles Hugel>

</doc>
<doc id="20896703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896703" title="William A. Stevens">
William A. Stevens

William Asher Stevens (July 19, 1879 – March 9, 1941) was an American jurist and Republican Party politician who served as President of the New Jersey Senate and New Jersey Attorney General. As Attorney General he conducted the early phase of the state's investigation into the Lindbergh kidnapping.
Early life.
Stevens was born in Stapleton Heights, Staten Island in 1879. In his youth he moved with his parents to Long Branch, New Jersey, where he graduated from Chattle High School in 1897. He studied at the State Normal School (now The College of New Jersey) in Trenton and then entered the law office of Public Utility Commission President John W. Slocum. He attended New York Law School, receiving a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1901, and was admitted to the New Jersey Bar the following year.
Career.
In 1912, when Long Branch adopted the commission form of government, Stevens was named City Solicitor. He served until 1921, when he was appointed Monmouth County Solicitor.
His political career began in 1919 when he was elected to fill an unexpired term in the New Jersey Senate. He was re-elected to a full term in 1920 and again in 1923 and 1926. He was selected by his fellow Senate Republicans as floor leader in 1923. In 1928 he became President of the Senate, serving as Acting Governor while Governor A. Harry Moore was out of the state.
In 1999 Governor Morgan F. Larson appointed him to a five-year term as New Jersey Attorney General. When the Lindbergh kidnapping occurred in March 1932, Stevens took personal charge of the case, since Hunterdon County, where the crime took place, had no prosecutor at the time. This paved the way for Stevens' successor, David T. Wilentz, to lead the prosecution of Bruno Hauptmann in the 1935 trial.
While Attorney General Stevens also led the fight against pollution of New Jersey beaches by garbage dumped at sea. He succeeded in forcing New York authorities to dispose of garbage by incineration.
After his tenure as Attorney General he returned to Monmouth County to serve as solicitor for Deal, West Long Branch, Little Silver, and Rumson. He was also a partner in the law firm of Applegate, Stevens, Foster, & Reussille in Red Bank.
Stevens died in 1941 at the University of Pennsylvania Hospital in Philadelphia after undergoing a brain operation. He was 61.

</doc>
<doc id="20896707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896707" title="Sydney New Year's Eve 2008–09">
Sydney New Year's Eve 2008–09

Sydney New Year's Eve 2008–09 was the 14th Sydney New Year's Eve held at Sydney Harbour on the evening of 31 December 2008 and in the early hours of 1 January 2009. It was the final year in a three-year deal that Network Ten would broadcast the event and was co-hosted by Kim Watkins and Andrew Günsberg for their second consecutive year. On 9 December 2008, the theme was revealed to be "Creation" with fireworks produced once again by Foti International Fireworks. This was Rhoda Roberts' first year as creative director.
9pm Family Fireworks.
The celebrations kicked off at 8:30pm AEDT with cheerleaders performing a karaoke classic, deciding not to use Auld Lang Syne, instead using an adapted version of a Toni Basil song, Mickey, with lyrics starting with "Hey Sydney, you're so fine, you're so fine, you blow my mind." It was choreographed by Jason Coleman, a judge on "So You Think You Can Dance Australia". Aboriginal singer and ARIA-winner Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu performed an expanded Acknowledgment of Country. For the first time, the countdown numbers on the Sydney Harbour Bridge pylons went sideways (left) instead of going vertical (upwards).
Soundtrack.
When the fireworks display finished, an evening star appeared as the 9pm bridge effect on the Sydney Harbour Bridge. After the 9pm fireworks display, the Harbour of Light Parade went across the harbour and The Presets performed their 2007 single, My People. An interview with Will Smith was recorded promoting his new film Seven Pounds. Sandra Sully did a recording of some of the news that made headlines in 2008. Lord Mayor of Sydney, Clover Moore, made yet another appearance at the event to talk to Kim Watkins about the theme of "Creation" and what it was all about.
Midnight Fireworks.
The midnight show started off with another performance choreographed by "So You Think You Can Dance Australia" judge Jason Coleman, with "You Can't Stop the Beat". Kim Watkins and Andrew Günsberg, then Fuzzy and James Kerley then introduced themselves again. 2006 Australian Idol runner-up Jessica Mauboy performed "Burn". Before the Midnight segment of the telecast started, Andrew Günsberg visited a few people on boats in the harbour, even dancing with a few revellers briefly. Then, new creative director Rhoda Roberts made her first appearance at the event. She said that she "wanted to see something that links us all together and of course Creation has done that". The midnight display would cost A$5,000,000. Other effects to be featured were the Creation storm, thunder and lightning effects. After Andrew Günsberg and Kim Watkins spoke to Rhoda Roberts, Sandra Sully again did another recording of some of the events that made headlines in 2008. Natalie Bassingthwaighte performed "Alive". Then, the countdown began for the midnight fireworks.
Soundtrack.
The Bridge Effect was revealed to be the sun. The fireworks display was considered one of the best in the world. Natalie Bassingthwaighte returned to perform her new single "Someday Soon". Afterwards, Jessica Mauboy performed "Running Back". Michelle Bridges and Shannan Ponton from "The Biggest Loser Australia" appeared on the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20896711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896711" title="Dawn Raffel">
Dawn Raffel

Dawn Raffel is an American writer. She has authored two short story collections, a novel, and a memoir. Her work has
appeared in The Quarterly, NOON, edited by Diane Williams, O, The Oprah Magazine, Conjunctions, Open
City, Fence, Guernica, The Antioch Review, The Mississippi Review, The
Brooklyn Rail, The Anchor Book of New American Short Fiction, Micro
Fictions, BOMB, and numerous other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="20896718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896718" title="Uska Dara">
Uska Dara

Uska Dara (A Turkish Tale) is a 1953 song by Eartha Kitt. It is based on the Turkish folk song "Kâtibim" about a woman and her secretary traveling to Üsküdar. Eartha Kitt recorded it with Henri René and his orchestra at Manhattan Center, New York City, on March 13, 1953. The song was released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-5284 (in USA) and by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalog number B 10573. Kitt's recording sold 120,000 copies when it was first released by RCA Victor in 1953. Kitt later performed the song in the 1954 film "New Faces" and included the song in her cabaret act, where she culminated the number with a belly dance.
The 1978 disco song "Rasputin" by Boney M uses part of the melody of "Kâtibim", and mimics the line "Oh! those Turks" (as "Oh! those Russians") at the end of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="20896730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896730" title="Phelles">
Phelles

Phelles was a King of Tyre and the last of four brothers who held the kingship. The only information available about Phelles comes from Josephus’s citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in "Against Apion" i.18. Here it is said that Phelles slew his brother Aserymus (Astarymus) and then “took the kingdom, and reigned but eight months, though he lived fifty years: he was slain by Ithobalus (Ithobaal I), the priest of Astarte.” He and the three preceding kings were brothers, sons of the nurse of Abdastartus, according to Menander.
The dates given here are according to the work of F. M. Cross and other scholars who take 825 BC as the date of Dido’s flight from her brother Pygmalion, after which she founded the city of Carthage in 814 BC. See the chronological justification for these dates in the Pygmalion of Tyre article.

</doc>
<doc id="20896746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896746" title="List of shopping malls in Pennsylvania">
List of shopping malls in Pennsylvania

This is a list of shopping malls in Pennsylvania:

</doc>
<doc id="20896760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896760" title="William Stevens">
William Stevens

William Stevens may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20896777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896777" title="Elena Theoharous">
Elena Theoharous

Dr Elena Theoharous "(also spelt Eleni)" is a pediatric surgeon, a member of the House of Representatives of Cyprus for the Limassol District, a member of the Democratic Rally, and is the founder of the Cyprus chapter of Médecins du Monde (Doctors of the World). In December 2008, she participated in the Free Gaza Movement attempted boat trip to the Gaza Strip during the December 2008 Gaza Strip airstrikes.
Médecins du Monde.
Theoharous founded the Cyprus chapter of Médecins du Monde. As part of her Médecins du Monde role, she "participated in numerous medical, agricultural and environmental missions organised to offer help in many countries and especially in poor African countries devastated by natural disasters or warfare situations."

</doc>
<doc id="20896805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896805" title="Malahang">
Malahang

Malahang is a suburb of Lae, Morobe Province in Papua New Guinea.
Location.
Malahang is located North East of Lae, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea on Busu Road across the Bumbu River.
History.
In the late 1800s the German New Guinea Company arrived on "Neu Guinea" (German New Guinea), to select land for plantation development on the north-east cost of New Guinea and establish trading posts.
The Lutheran Malahang Mission Station was established around the same time as the various coconut plantations located opposite the Malahang Industrial Area.
On 8 March 1942 the Imperial Japanese landed at Malahang Beach as part of the Invasion of Lae-Salamaua during World War II. Malahang airfield was upgraded by the Japanese so the runway was long by wide and used as satellite of Lae Airport.
On 8 January 1943, the cargo ship was damaged by an aerial attack by United States Army Air Forces aircraft during the Battle of Wau, and was subsequently beached and abandoned at Malahang Beach.
The area was liberated by the Australian 9th Division on 14 September 1943. The airfield was subsequently abandoned.
In September 1943, the 2nd Australian Corps Signals (AIF)relieved Signals 1 Australian Corps. In "Australians At War", Signalman John Tesoriero writes;
During WW2, No. 41 Wing RAAF relocated the 332 radar station from Port Moresby to Lae and to the airfield. Sgt. Bill Humphries who provided the following account of the installation;
Malahang Airfield.
The Malahang airfield was built by Martin Boerner to service the Malahang Mission. Boerner was manager of the Lutheran Mission Aviation Department between(1931-1940). The airfield was 3250 ft long with an excellent surface and the road to Pastor Schmutterer station at Ampo, which allowed Vacuum Oil trucks to carry fuel to the airstrip. As a result of the Japanese occupation the airfield served as a satellite airfield to the Lae Airfield.
Malahang Gaol.
The Malahang Gaol in Malahang is where many prisoners were hanged.
Evangelical Lutheran Church of Papua New Guinea.
The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Papua New Guinea Headquarters, St. Andrews Lutheran Church, Balob Teachers College (Butibam} and other Lutheran establishments are located at Malahang. 
Following a dispute with the German New Guinea Company, Pastor Gottfried Schmutterer from the Neuendettelsau Mission Society was forced to relocate his original mission camp in July 1912 and was offered a location on the banks of the Bumbu known as Ampo. Several Lutheran churches, schools and headquarter buildings now occupy the surrounds. The Ampo Lutheran Churchmbuilt in 1937 and later used as a WW2 field hospital, is the oldest building in Lae. 
Malahang Hospital.
After WW2 a hospital was set up, known as the Malahang Native Hospital. Following the Lae volcano eruption in January 1951, as a result of the Red Cross in Brisbane supplying blood, 30 lives were saved out of 4000 eruption casualties.
In the 1970s Victor Barnes worked at the Malahang Hospital under the direction of Dr Neville Henry and practiced hypnosis in place of General anaesthesia. In the Australian Journal of Clinical and Experimental Hypnosis he claims;
Industry.
An industrial area is constructed in the area with a K85 million (US$38 million) tuna processing facility operated by Majestic Seafood Ltd.
Notable People.
In 1953 - 1954, Professor Ian Maddocks AM, born 29 December 1931, was a medical student at the Malahang Hospital and later became a specialised physician in Papua New Guinea for 14 years.
In 1971 became Foundation Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Papua New Guinea and was also editor of the Papua New Guinea Medical Journal.
In 2013 Professor Maddocks was named Senior Australian of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20896817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896817" title="ISO 1745">
ISO 1745

ISO 1745:1975 Information processing - Basic mode control procedures for data communication systems
An early ISO standard defining a basic communications protocol that made use of non-printable (C0) control characters reserved for "transmission control functions" in ASCII, ECMA-48 and related standards. Unicode, which derives from ASCII, still reserves these code points as control characters, but does define protocols for their use.
For the communication, the following data format must be used:
• 1 start bit
• 7-bit ASCII value or 7-bit binary
• 1 parity bit (EVEN)
• 1 stop bit
And the possible baud rates are:
• 2400 Baud
• 4800 Baud
• 9600 Baud
• 19200 Baud
ECMA-048 - characters as defined in ISO 1745 
The text of ISO 1745:1975 is not currently freely available. The protocol it defines seems to be little used.

</doc>
<doc id="20896820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896820" title="Big Brother 6 (Netherlands)">
Big Brother 6 (Netherlands)

Big Brother 6, Netherlands is the sixth season of the Dutch reality show Big Brother.
Overview.
The sixth and final season of Big brother Netherlands ran from on August 18, 2006 to November 27, 2006 making it the shortest season of Dutch Big brother. The shows presenter was Bridget Maasland. Though the show launched on the of August 18 it did not start airing on television until two days later. Viewing numbers were half of that of the previous season which was largely caused by competition from a similar show The Golden Cage, broadcast immediately after Big Brother.
Details.
The season added an extra twist to the game, where most of the housemates had a partner who entered the house with them. Another added twist this season was the red phone. Every housemate had a safe deposit account of €30,000. When half was left(meaning one member of the pair had been evicted), the other half had to be donated to another housemates safe. The winner was left with the amount accumulated. Two "jokers" (exemptions) were sold by auction. Marlies and Tijn won them for € 25,300 and € 29,200.
Two of the cast members, Jeroen and Milica arrived one day early and had to pretend to be a couple. Milica's mother Hilde entered a day after most of the group. The first time the red phone rang Egbert answered it and heard the message that the viewers would decide whether he would stay. One day later he was allowed to stay with 75% of the public vote. Jeroen, Hilde, Milica, Etienne and Marcel formed a well known click in the house. When Egbert dropped his key into a hole in the floor, he had to survive in an inflatable canoe in the swimming pool for two days to get it back. Big Brother nominated Semih and Marlies for a minor rule breaking but this was annulled and Etienne and Marcel were nominated instead for talking about their nomination strategy. Marcel was the first housemate to be evicted and donated half of the money to his son. Soon after, of Monique's husband rushed to the house when it looked like her Tijn was getting close. After they wrote a few letters to each other she decided to stay. After wards, Monique and Sabrina were given a private bedroom since Tijn and Etienne wouldn't leave them alone at night. In the second round Hilde and Etienne were nominated, the latter because of his racist comments. The red telephone rang again and Semih heard that he would be nominated for four consecutive weeks. Marlies used her joker to put Janine up for nominations in her place. A week later Egbert, Jeroen and Semih were nominated. During Egbert's eviction host Bridget told Egbert and Jeroen that they both had both been evicted because they had the same percentage of votes. However, Jeroen wasn't really evicted since for a secret mission Monique and Sabrina had to hide Jeroen in their private bedroom for a couple of days. They passed their mission, and all three gained immunity from the next eviction. Marlies was nominated after Sabrina used a joker she bought from Jeroen to put Marlies up for eviction in her place. The winner of the sixth season was the soccer player Jeroen. Due to the disappointing ratings of this season Big brother was canceled in the Netherlands for the second time.

</doc>
<doc id="20896851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896851" title="Spanish cruiser Almirante Cervera">
Spanish cruiser Almirante Cervera

Almirante Cervera was a light cruiser of the "Cervera" class of the Spanish Navy. She was named after the Spanish admiral Pascual Cervera y Topete, commander of the Spanish naval forces in Cuba during the Spanish-American War. She was part of the Spanish Republican Navy between 1931 and 1936, year in which she became a key player of the Nationalist Fleet in the Spanish Civil War.
Features.
Her construction was authorized by the so-called Miranda law of 17 February 1915. The cruiser was launched in Ferrol in 1925 and scrapped in 1965. The ship was 172.62 meters in length, 16.61 m in beam, and a draft of 5.03 m. Equipped with a main armament of six guns of 152 mm (6 in) mounted in twin turrets and manned by a crew of 566 seamen, "Almirante Cervera" belonged to the same class of two other cruisers of the Spanish Navy of her time, "Galicia" ("Libertad" from 1931 to 1939) and "Miguel de Cervantes".
Operational history.
Civil War.
Blockade of Northern Spain.
Starting in October 1934, "Almirante Cervera" participated in the bombardment of coastal targets during the insurrection in Asturias, but it was at the time of the civil war where she took a leading role in naval operations. In the first months 1936 she took part of a gunnery exercise with live ammunition along with the battleship "Jaime I" and her sister cruisers "Libertad" and "Miguel de Cervantes" in which they sank the target ship, the old unarmored cruiser "Conde del Venadito". In July 1936 "Almirante Cervera" was docked at Ferrol, which prevented her from taking part in the first operations of the war. She fell into the hands of Franco's side when his troops seized the port. She was under the command of Captain Juan Sanchez-Sandalio Ferragut, who was captured by the rebels and executed by a firing squad. Once in service, she formed a task force with the battleship "España" and the World War I-era destroyer "Velasco" to blockade the ports of northern Spain. She was nicknamed "El Chulo del Cantábrico", ("The dandy of Biscay"), because her almost unopposed activity both supporting Franco's army offensives in the north as well as intercepting Republican and international shipping. She was sent to Gijon with orders to help the rebel troops who were under siege there, inside the garrison of Simancas. The barracks were eventually stormed by government forces on 16 August. British historian Hugh Thomas claims that when the Republican troops broke into the compound, the defenders asked "Cervera" to fire right on them. On August 9, while firing on government positions, she hit by mistake the British yacht "Blue Shadow", whose master, a former RAF officer, was killed. According to Nationalist sources, the yacht was struck by the cruiser with the third broadside of her secondary 4-inch guns. "Cervera" apparently took the sailing vessel for a Government watercraft. The yacht was abandoned by her crew, who were rescued by the British destroyer . In September the cruiser sailed for the Mediterranean to support the blockade of the Straits of Gibraltar, where she participated in the Battle of Cape Espartel. While the cruiser "Canarias" sank the Republican destroyer "Almirante Ferrándiz" in the Alboran Sea after a few salvoes, "Cervera" engaged the destroyer "Gravina" along the northwestern coast of Morocco. "Cervera" fired her main artillery up to 300 times, but managed to hit "Gravina" only twice. The poor marksmanship of the cruiser enabled "Gravina" to break action and fleeing for safety to Casablanca. However, this action was decisive, as it opened the Straits to the insurgent's traffic.
After this operation in the Mediterranean, she spent the following months searching and occasionally seizing foreign blockade runners in Biscay. On April 4, 1937 she joined the armed trawler "Galerna" in the pursuit and subsequent sinking of the Panamanian-flagged merchant ship "Andra". The British-chartered freighter was eventually captured and later sunk by "Galerna". She then tried to stop the British merchant "Thorpehall" which, supported by three British destroyers, managed to slip away and get to Bilbao. On 21 April, "Almirante Cervera", along with "Galerna", was involved in a three-hour long confrontation with the British battlecruiser and the destroyer HMS "Firedrake", when the insurgent warships fired upon three British merchantmen in a fruitless attempt to stop them. After blunt exchanges between "Hood" and "Cervera", the freighters slipped into Bilbao supported by the fire of a coastal battery and the Basque armed trawler "Biskaya". On 4 July, in contrast, "Cervera" seized the French steamer "Trégastel" and drove off the British "Latymer" off Cantabria, when both ships attempted to enter Santander under the protection of the battleship . The British merchant "Gordonia" was also intercepted and arrested on 9 July, but she was eventually released and escorted to open seas by British naval units. On 14 July "Almirante Cervera", assisted again by "Galerna", seized the British cargo ship "Molton" off Santander, inside Spanish waters, despite the presence of the British battleship .
Mediterranean operations.
During the remainder of 1937, she sank two Republican coast guard units along with a merchant ship. She also shot down a bomber aircraft that had tried to dive-bomb her three times. The cruiser played a central role in the capture of the 9,900-ton government transport "Marqués de Comillas". 
On 17 February 1938 she departed from Palma de Mallorca along with the heavy cruisers "Canarias" and "Baleares" and took part in the shelling of Valencia. On 22 February she was attacked again by Republican aircraft: a first wave of biplanes Polikarpov R-Z "Natacha" of the Soviet Group 30 and then a second wave of Tupolev SB "Katiuska". A 50 kg bomb ripped through the stern funnel and although the fuse failed to explode, 25 men where wounded and the machine room damaged. According to other reports, in addition to the 50 kg bomb, "Cervera" was hit by another bomb that killed 12 of her crew. The battered cruiser was bound for Palma again.
On 6 March she was escorting a convoy and participated in the Battle of Cape Palos, where the heavy cruiser "Baleares" was torpedoed and sunk by Republican destroyers. She worked in the rescue of survivors from this warship. This loss was somewhat counterbalanced by the commissioning of the refitted cruiser "Navarra". 
On 23 October 1938 she seized the Soviet steamer "Tsyurupa", which was confiscated by the Nationalists and renamed "Castillo Villafranca". "Cervera" continued her operations along the shrinking Republican coastline until the end of the war, but her role throughout the conflict was largely overshadowed by the heavier cruiser "Canarias".
Proposed modernization and last years.
Shortly after the war, the Spanish minister of the Navy decided the modernization of the three cruisers belonging to the class, through the "project nº 133". The lack of materials and financial support owing to World War II eventually spared "Cervera" from the proposed changes, which were to include the introduction of a Heinkel He 114 seaplane, the redistribution of the guns in four twin turrets and the mounting of a Decca radar. Some of these upgrades were actually made on "Almirante Cervera"s sisters "Galicia" and "Miguel de Cervantes". Reduced to a part-time training ship, the cruiser was written off the navy on 31 August 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20896854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896854" title="Belyayev circle">
Belyayev circle

The Belyayev circle () was a society of Russian musicians who met in Saint Petersburg, Russia between 1885 and 1908, and whose members included Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Alexander Glazunov, Vladimir Stasov, Anatoly Lyadov, Alexander Ossovsky, Witold Maliszewski, Nikolai Tcherepnin, Nikolay Sokolov, Alexander Winkler among others. The circle was named after Mitrofan Belyayev, a timber merchant and amateur musician who became a music philanthropist and publisher after hearing the music of the teenage Glazunov.
The Belyayev circle believed in a national style of classical music, based on the achievements of the composer group The Five which preceded it. One important difference between composers in the Belyayev circle and their counterparts in the Five was an acceptance in the necessity of Western-styled academic training; this was an attitude passed down by Rimsky-Korsakov, who taught many of the composers in the circle at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory. While these composers were more open to Western compositional practices and influences, especially through the music of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, they closely followed many of the compositional practices of the Five to the point of mannerism, especially in their depiction of folkloric subject matter.
The Belyayev circle came to dominate musical life in St. Petersburg. Composers who desired patronage, publication or public performance of their works through Belyayev were compelled to write in a musical style accepted by Glazunov, Lyadov and Rimsky-Korsakov. There was also peer pressure to compose in this style, as well as a distrust of composers who did not do so. Several composers who believed in the philosophy of the Belyayev circle became professors and heads of music conservatories in Russia, which extended the influence of the group past the physical confines of St. Petersburg and timewise well into the 20th century.
Belayev.
Belyayev was one of a growing number of Russian nouveau-riche industrialists who became patrons of the arts in mid- to late-19th century Russia; their number included Nadezhda von Meck, railway magnate Savva Mamontov and textile manufacturer Pavel Tretyakov. While Nadezhda von Meck insisted on anonymity in her patronage in the tradition of "noblesse oblige", Belyayev, Mamontov and Tretyakov "wanted to contribute conspicuously to public life". Because of their cultural and political orientation, they were more likely than the aristocracy to support native talent, and were more inclined to support nationalist artists over cosmopolitan ones. This was not due to any social or political agenda implicit in the art, but due to the Russianness of the art itself. This included the music of the composers Belyayev chose to support.
An amateur viola player and chamber music enthusiast, Belyayev hosted "quartet Fridays" at his home in St. Petersburg. A frequent visitor to these gatherings was Rimsky-Korsakov. Belyayev became a music patron after he had heard the First Symphony by the sixteen-year-old Glazunov, who had been discovered by Balakirev and tutored by Rimsky-Korsakov in musical composition, counterpoint and orchestration. Not only did Glazunov become a fixture of the "quartet Fridays", but Belyayev also published Glazunov's work and took him on a tour of Western Europe. This tour included a visit to Weimar, Germany to present the young composer to famed Hungarian composer and pianist Franz Liszt.
Soon Belyayev became interested in other Russian composers. In 1884 he set up an annual Glinka prize, named after pioneer Russian composer Mikhail Glinka (1804–1857). In 1885 he founded his own music publishing firm, based in Leipzig, Germany, through which he published works by Glazunov, Rimsky-Korsakov, Lyadov and Borodin at his own expense. By publishing in Leipzig, Belyayev could offer the double benefit of higher quality music printing than was available in Russia at the time, plus the protection of international copyright which Russia did not offer. At Rimsky-Korsakov's suggestion, Belyayev also founded his own concert series, the Russian Symphony Concerts, open exclusively to Russian composers. Among the works written especially for this series were the three by Rimsky-Korsakov by which he is currently best known in the West—"Sheherazade", the "Russian Easter Festival Overture" and "Capriccio espagnol". To select which composers to assist with money, publication or performances from the many who now appealed for help, Belyayev set up an advisory council made up of Glazunov, Lyadov and Rimsky-Korsakov. They would look through the compositions and appeals submitted and suggest which composers were deserving of patronage and public attention.
Influence.
The musical scene in St. Petersburg came to be dominated by the Belyayev circle since Rimsky-Korsakov had taught many of its members at the Conservatory there. Since Glazunov, Lyadov and Rimsky-Korsakov acted in an advisory capacity to the Belyayev enterprises, and thus became channels of Belyayev's largesse, composers who wished to be part of this circle and who desired Belyayev's patronage had to write in a musical style approved by these three men. Because of this stricture, Rimsky-Korsakov's style became the preferred academic style—one that young composers had to follow if they hoped to have any sort of career. In this sense, the Belyayev circle acted as a compositional guild. The beter pupils from the St. Petersburg Conservatory received initiation by their invitation to the "quartet Fridays", and admission to the circle "guaranteed well renumerated publication by Edition Belieff, Leipzig, and performance in the Russian Symphony Concert programs". Thus, the Belyayev circle "set up an establilshment that governed all aspects of musical creation, education and performance".
Philosophy.
The Belyayev circle ran counter in its philosophy to the artistic movement and magazine "Mir iskusstva" (, "World of Art"). "Mir iskusstva" "identified with the artistic values of the aristocracy" in its cosmopolitanism and belief of a universal culture. The composers of the Belyayev circle, like the Five before it, believed in a national, realist form of Russian classical music that should stand apart in its style and characteristics from Western European classical music. In this sense, the Belyayev composers shared similar goals with the Abramtsevo Colony and Russian Revival in the sphere of fine arts. Another way "Mir iskusstva" disagreed with the Belyayev circle was that they believed the composers under Belyayev were practicing art for art's sake, much like a social program. This practice ran counter to their belief in focusing on "art as the spiritual expression of the individual's creative genius", as they felt Alexander Pushkin had done in his poetry and Tchaikovsky in his music. Alfred Nurok commented in an 1899 review in "Mir iskusstva":
Musicologist Richard Taruskin writes, "Within the Belyayev circle a safe conformism became increasingly the rule". Concert programs needed to be filled with new Russian works, and new works had to be published to offer to the music public. It was therefore necessary "to dip rather deep into the pool of available Conservatory trained talent", and the circle became known for the number of less-than-first-rate talents harbored within it. Critic and composer César Cui, who had been part of the Five along with Rimsky-Korsakov, derisively called these younger composers "clones". Though there was some snobbism involved in criticism of the Belyayev circle, there was also enough truth in the issue of conformism to cause the circle some embarrassment.
A contributing factor to this conformism was the gradual academization of composers in the nationalist circle, fueled by Rimsky-Korsakov's efforts in this regard with his students. An increasing number of these students joined the Belyayev circle; the result was "the emergence of production-line 'Russian style' pieces, polished and correct, but lacking originality".
Comparison to the Five.
The composers who formed the Belyayev circle were nationalistic in their outlook, as were the Five before them. Like the Five, they believed in a uniquely Russian style of classical music that utilized folk music and exotic melodic, harmonic and rhythmic elements, as exemplified by the music of Balakirev, Borodin and Rimsky-Korsakov. Unlike the Five, these composers also believed in the necessity of an academic, Western-based background in composition. The necessity of Western compositional techniques was something that Rimsky-Korsakov had instilled in many of them in his years at the St. Petersburg Conservatory. Compared to the "revolutionary" composers in Balakirev's circle, Rimsky-Korsakov found those in the Belyayev circle to be "progressive ... attaching as it did great importance to technical perfection, but ... also broke new paths, though more securely, even if less speedily..."
Glazunov's attitude toward outside influences was typical of the Belyayev circle. He studied Tchaikovsky's works and "found much that was new ... that was instructive for us as young musicians. It struck me that Tchaikovsky, who was above all a lyrical and melodic composer, had introduced operatic elements into his symphonies. I admired the thematic material of his works less than the inspired unfolding of his thoughts, his temperament and the constructural perfection." Rimsky-Korsakov noted "a tendency toward eclecticism" among the composers in the Belyayev circle, as well as a "predilection ... for Italian-French music of the time of wig and farthingale is, the eighteenth century, music introduced by Tchaikovsky in his "Queen of Spades" and "Iolanthe"".
Nevertheless, while the Belyayev circle was more tolerant of outside influence to a certain degree than their predecessors under Balakirev, they still followed the compositional practices of the Five closely. Maes writes, "The harmonies of Mussorgsky's coronation scene in "Boris", the octotonicism of "Mlada" and "Sadko", Balakirev's folk-song stylizations, Rimsky-Korsakov's colorful harmonization—all these served as a store of recipes for writing Russian national music. In the portrayal of the national character ... these techniques prevailed over the subjects portrayed".
Folklorism, orientalism, "fantastic" style.
Unlike their predecessors in the Five, composers in the Belyalev circle did not concern themselves greatly with folklorism—the invention or adaptation of folklore to newly-written stories or songs, or to folklore that is reworked and modified for modern tastes. They also did not travel to other parts of Russia to actively search for folk songs, as Balakirev had done. When the Belyalev composers produced folkloric works, "they simply imitated Balakirev's or Rimsky-Korsakov's styles".
One of the Belyayev composers, Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov, continued the Five's work in musical orientalism—the use of exotic melodic, harmonic and rhythmic elements to depict the middle- and far-eastern parts of the Russian Empire. He wrote three operas set in an oriental background and composed in Balakirev's style—"Ruth", "Azra" and "Izmena". The story for the last of these operas "deals with the struggle between Christians and Muslims during the sixteenth-century occupation of Georgia by the Persians". Ippolotov-Ivanov is best known in the West for his two sets of "Caucasian Sketches" "an orientalist orchestral work modeled on Balakirev and Borodin".
Lyadov wrote in a "fantastic" vein akin to Rimsky-Korsakov's, especially in his tone poems based on Russian fairy tales, "Baba Yaga", "Kikimora" and "The Enchanted Lake". This style of musical writing was based on extensive use of the whole tone scale and the octatonic scale to depict supernatural or magical characters and events, hence the term "fantastic". Though he would break from the Belyayev aesthetic in subsequent works, Igor Stravinsky wrote his ballet "The Firebird" in a similar musical style.
Intolerance of non-compliant composers.
Despite Rimsky-Korsakov's denial of bias among composers of the Belyayev circle, musicologist Solomon Volkov mentions that they and the Five shared a mutual suspicion of compositions that did not follow its canon. This proved especially true of the First Symphony of Sergei Rachmaninoff, a Moscow composer and protege of Tchaikovsky. Rimsky-Korsakov, whose own musical preferences in his later years were not overly progressive, may have sounded an advance warning on hearing the symphony in rehearsal when he told Rachmaninoff, "Forgive me, but I do not find this music at all agreeable". By the reports of many present, the rehearsal that Rimsky-Korsakov had heard, conducted by Glazunov, was both a disaster as a performance and a horrific travesty of the score. The premiere, held in St. Petersburg on March 28, 1897, went no better. Cui wrote in his review of the work, among other things, "If there were a conservatory in Hell, and if one of its talented students were to compose a programme symphony based on the story of the Ten Plagues of Egypt, and if he were to compose a symphony like Mr. Rachmaninoff's, then he would have fulfilled his task brilliantly and would delight the inhabitants of Hell". The symphony was not performed again in Rachmaninoff's lifetime, and while Rachmaninoff did not destroy or disavow the score, he suffered a psychological collapse that led to a three-year creative hiatus.
Modernism.
Maes writes that the composers who formed the Belyayev circle have often been described as "important links to, and pathbreakers for" modernist Russian composers such as Stravinsky and Sergei Prokofiev. This, he asserts, is actually a false assumption which suggests that modernism was the result of a gradual process. The truth, Maes suggests, was that modernist music in Russia was a much more radical break from the Belyayev circle than many have claimed. Rimsky-Korsakov's extensive use of the octatonic scale and other harmonic experiments "was a gold mine for those bent on a modernist revolution," Maes writes. "However, the renewing force had still to be liberated from the cliches and routines into which the Belyayev aesthetic had been pressed".
Legacy.
Bias toward the musical aesthetics practiced by the Belyayev circle would continue at the St. Petersburg Conservatory after Rimsky-Korsakov's retirement in 1906, with his son-in-law Maximilian Steinberg in charge of composition classes at the Conservatory through the 1920s. Dmitri Shostakovich would complain about Steinberg's musical conservatism, typified by such phrases as "the inviolable foundations of the "kuchka"" and the "sacred traditions of Nikolai Andreyevich [Rimsky-Korsakov]". Nor was this traditionalism limited to St. Petersburg. Well into the Soviet era, many other music conservatories remained run by traditionalists such as Ippolitov-Ivanov in Moscow and Reinhold Glière in Kiev. Because of these individuals, Maes writes, "the conservatories retained a direct link with the Belyayev aesthetic".

</doc>
<doc id="20896857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896857" title="Cambridge Network">
Cambridge Network

The Cambridge Network is a commercial business networking organisation for business people and academics working in technology fields in the Cambridge area of the UK. The businesses and organisations that make up its membership are typical of those found in the 'Cambridge Cluster' or Silicon Fen. The network is inclusive and encourages cross-sector and cross-business engagement so that new areas of innovation are started.
The network was founded in 1998 by Nigel Brown, David Cleevely, Fred Hallsworth, Hermann Hauser, Anthony Ross and Alec Broers. 
Chairman of Cambridge Network Ltd is Bill Parsons recently EVP of ARM, and current Board Members include founder Hermann Hauser, Prof Lynn Gladden Pro V-C of Cambridge University, David Halstead of Deloitte, Hugh Parnell of NW Brown, Prof Michael Thorne V-C of Anglia Ruskin University, Peter Taylor of TTP Group and Ken Woodberry of Microsoft.
Its President is the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge, Professor Sir Leszek Borysiewicz. Claire Ruskin is chief executive, appointed in March 2011 and David Mardle of Taylor Wessing is Company Secretary.
Activities.
A number of special interest groups have arisen from Cambridge Network activities and Cambridge has a vibrant community of networks. These cater for specialists as well as the common agenda for growth, in a sustainable way, keeping the quality of life in Cambridge as good as it can be.

</doc>
<doc id="20896872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896872" title="Keith Talboys">
Keith Talboys

Keith Talboys (born 19 December 1931) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Oxfordshire. He was born in Oxford.
Talboys, who made his debut for the team in the Minor Counties Championship in 1948, at the age of just 16, continued to play for the team in the competition until 1968.
His only List A appearance came in the 1967 Gillette Cup, against Cambridgeshire. He scored a single run.

</doc>
<doc id="20896873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896873" title="Simon Launder">
Simon Launder

Simon Launder (born 2 December 1978) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Oxfordshire. He was born in Swansea.
Launder, who made his Minor Counties Championship debut in 1999, made his List A debut in August 2002, against Lancashire CB, taking two wickets and scoring two runs.
His second and final List A appearance came almost exactly a year later, against Hertfordshire. Launder scored a golden duck from the tailend and took figures of 2-53.

</doc>
<doc id="20896874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896874" title="Aneil Nambiar">
Aneil Nambiar

Aneil Padman Nambiar (born 2 March 1984) is a former Indian cricketer. Nambiar is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born at Trivandrum, Kerala, and is more commonly known by his nickname Johnny Nambiar.
While in India, Nambiar represented Karnataka Under-16s in the 1999/00 season. Nambiar later moved to England, where he represented Oxfordshire in a single List A match against Herefordshire at Banbury Cricket Club Ground in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy, which was played later in the 2003 season to avoid fixture congestion in 2004. Opening the batting, he was dismissed for a duck by Franklyn Rose. Oxfordshire lost the match by 126 runs. This was his only appearance for the county, with Nambiar not featuring in any Minor counties cricket for Oxfordshire.
He would later briefly play Second XI cricket for Middlesex in 2004 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20896875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896875" title="Richard Hawkins (cricketer)">
Richard Hawkins (cricketer)

Richard Hawkins was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Oxfordshire. He was born in Banbury.
Hawkins, who played in the Minor Counties Championship between 2001 and 2004, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the C&G Trophy in August 2002, against Lancashire CB. From the upper-middle order, he scored 3 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20896876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896876" title="Giles Peddy">
Giles Peddy

Giles Peddy (born 16 April 1978) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Oxfordshire. He was born in Hemel Hempstead.
Peddy, who played in the Minor Counties Championship between 1998 and 2003, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the C&G Trophy in August 2003, against Herefordshire. He played many championship and one-day games for Oxfordshire, and also played for the Minor Counties U25 XI and NAYC England U19s. He has played club cricket for Oxford Downs CC, Oxford CC, Hampstead CC and Chorleywood CC.

</doc>
<doc id="20896877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896877" title="Barry Collis">
Barry Collis

Barry Collis (born 14 August 1947) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Oxfordshire. He was born in Walmer, Kent.
Collis, who played for Oxfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1978 and 1986, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1980 Gillette Cup, against Warwickshire. From the middle order, he scored a duck with the bat, and took figures of 1-56 with the ball.
In 2004, Collis made a single appearance for Oxfordshire in the Over-50s County Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20896881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896881" title="Louis O'Dea">
Louis O'Dea

Louis Edward O'Dea (died 19 February 1955) was an Irish politician and solicitor. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at the 1923 general election. He did not take his seat in the Dáil due to Sinn Féin's abstentionist policy. He did not contest June 1927 general election. In 1944 as a member of Fianna Fáil, he was elected to the 5th Seanad on the Cultural and Educational Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="20896884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896884" title="Sway (film)">
Sway (film)

Plot summary.
Tokyo fashion photographer Takeru Hayakawa (Jo Odagiri) returns to his hometown for his mother's memorial service. His late arrival at the memorial irritates his father (Masatô Ibu), who accuses him of disrespecting his late mother and shaming their family name. Takeru's older brother Minoru (Teruyuki Kagawa) quickly intervenes and soothes their father with drinks and sympathetic comments.
Takeru and Minoru later have a conversation, which reveals Takeru's thinly veiled contempt towards Minoru for not having the strength to leave their dead-end hometown, but Minoru tells him he doesn't understand how things are and besides, he's fine with the way things are. Takeru later learns that his brother has taken over their family business, a run-down garage, and that his ex-girlfriend, Chieko (Yôko Maki), now works there as a gas attendant.
Chieko and Takeru later meet for drinks, and proceed to have an one-night stand. In the morning after, she hesitantly suggests she would be happy to follow him to Tokyo when he leaves, but he pretends he doesn't hear her.
Minoru realises something has happened between his younger brother and Chieko, and suggests they all should go for a walk along the Hasami River in the mountains where Takeru could take photographs. Chieko, believing this would buy more time with Takeru, immediately agrees. Wanting to get away from their town's mundaneness, Takeru agrees.
During the trip, Takeru distances himself from Chieko by walking ahead of her and Minoru. Whilst on a forested mountain, he takes photographs and through his viewfinder, sees Minoru and Chieko talking on a suspension bridge over a gorge. He looks away to take photographs of flowers.
On the bridge, Minoru tries to catch Chieko when she stumbles, but she recoils from his touch as she shouts at him to get away from her. They stare at each other for a few tense seconds. Minoru asks if she's leaving him for Takeru. Chieko replies that she has no interest in him, and never will.
Takeru glances back to the bridge and sees Minoru alone on the bridge, looking down to the gorge below, and realises Chieko has fallen from the bridge. The police locates Chieko's body in the gorge and arrests Minoru for murder. His father rejects the charge, insisting Minoru isn't the type to kill, but Takeru isn't so sure.
As the case proceeds during a courtroom trial, Takeru begins to doubt his testimony when he realises hidden resentment and deeply buried anger between Minoru and himself, which may have affected what he witnessed on the bridge that afternoon.
Awards.
"Sway" won the Best Film award at the 2007 Yokohama Film Festival. and the Best Film award at the 2006 Mainichi Film Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20896907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896907" title="Water Forest Press Publishing">
Water Forest Press Publishing

Water Forest Press is an independent book publisher located in rural Pennsylvania. Water Forest Press was created by Victoria Valentine, as an imprint of Skyline Publications. Skyline Publications produced print magazines that were retired in 2004. Water Forest Press replaced Skyline Magazines with Skyline Review, Literary House Review & Hudson View Poetry Digest books. Skyline Publications published monthly literary magazines that were distributed nationwide in stores, libraries, universities and homes, with a readership of approximately 10,000 per issue. “A Tribute To America” issue (dedicated to 9/11) was reprinted three times. All proceeds from the Tribute Issue were donated to local fire houses to purchase needed equipment.
Water Forest Press is now a small, specialty publisher, designing and producing poetry collections, short story collections and multi-genre fiction and non fiction trade paperback books. The press annually nominates writers & poets from each publication for Pushcart Prize Best of the Small Presses. Water Forest Press volumes are archived in the New York Public Library, John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Library, University of Wisconsin–Madison Library, Brown University Rockefeller Library and UC Berkeley Library. Water Forest Press Books at Oslo Norway Writer's Conference 2008 [http://hudsonview.us/OsloWritersConference08.htm]. 
Water Forest Press, under Skyline Online imprint, encourages and promotes young poets on "Street Speakers" Teen Ink
Publications and Authors.
Authors & Poets Published: Orania Hamilton Jan Oskar Hansen[http://www.skylinemagazines.com/BookReviews/EndOfAVoyageHansonReview.htm, Alan D. Bush [http://www.jewishpress.com/content.cfm?contentid=28749][http://www.cyberwit.net/snapshots.htm], Vic Fortezza, Douglas H. Maloney, Merlina Davis, and Noah Wereham, Adam Donaldson Powell.
Featured artists: Matt Hughes Gallery – Maria Zeldis - Henri Peter - Amanda Tucker – Riki R. Nelson Gallery- Michael Aanji Crowley Imagery

</doc>
<doc id="20896912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896912" title="Becky Simpson">
Becky Simpson

Becky Simpson (born 10 August 1986) is a Manchester-born actress, writer and musician who now lives in the Calderdale area of West Yorkshire. In 1997, Simpson won the BBC "Talkie of the Year" award for her role in "Spoonface Steinberg".
Personal life.
Simpson was born to parents in the entertainment industry. Her mother, Diane Whitley, had spent several years as an actress and was encouraged to go into writing through her playwright husband Dave Simpson. Simpson's two half uncles – Jim and Jeff – later went on to become successful football players at Manchester City.
Simpson graduated from Leeds University in 2004 with an arts degree in Creative Writing.
Acting career.
Simpson's first acting role came in a radio adaptation of "The Little Princess" in 1997.
"Spoonface Steinberg".
In 1997, she was offered the role of "Spoonface Steinberg" in a 60-minute monologue for BBC Radio 4. The play was written by Lee Hall (who went on to write "Billy Elliot") and was about a young Jewish autistic girl dying of cancer. The play later won the "Talkie of the Year" award and "Best Drama" of 1997.
"Spoonface Steinberg" provided important exposure for Simpson, leading to her first TV role in "See How They Run" – a six-part CBBC series about a family on the run from gangsters. The series was part-filmed in London and Australia and featured "Neighbours" star Peter O'Brien.
Further roles.
Simpson's exposure in "Spoonface Steinberg" led to further TV roles in "Doctors", "Always and Everyone" and "Peak Practice". She also played Puck in a radio adaptation of William Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream", starring alongside Richard Griffiths. In other roles she appeared with future "Dr. Who" star Christopher Eccleston in "Pig's Paradise" and Ricky Tomlinson in "The Virgin of Liverpool". Her most recent television role was in "Peak Practice".
Music.
Aside from acting, Simpson is a musician – having regularly performed at the Cavern Club in Liverpool. It was here that Simpson met Wes Paul (the then-compere) before undertaking musical pursuits with him at the Star Club (Hamburg) and in Calderdale. Simpson married Wes Paul on 1 June 2010 in Jackson - Tennessee. She recorded the Johnny Cash song Jackson to coincide with the wedding. The final master was released and featured on ReverbNation in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20896914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896914" title=".35 Winchester Self-Loading">
.35 Winchester Self-Loading

The .35 Winchester Self-Loading (also called .35SL, .35SLR, or .35WSL) is an American rifle cartridge.
Winchester introduced the .32SL and .35SL in the Winchester '05 self-loading rifle as a centerfire cartridge version of the Winchester '03. The .35SL proved popular at first with the general public as a short-range deer and black bear hunting cartridge, but was soon superseded by the introduction of the more powerful .351SL in the Winchester '07. 
Many now consider the .35SL inadequate as a deer round, but it may still be suitable for coyote or similar medium-sized game at close ranges. When first introduced however, the notable firearm expert Townsend Whelen noted the .35SL cartridge as displaying similar ballistics as the .38-40 black powder, low-pressure cartridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20896941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896941" title="Mickey G.">
Mickey G.

Mickey G. (born November 9, 1959 in Los Angeles, California, United States) is a pornographic actor. He began appearing in adult films in around 1994, and has since appeared in over 550 movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20896956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896956" title="Quando el Rey Nimrod">
Quando el Rey Nimrod

Quando el Rey Nimrod (, or modern Spanish spelling: "Cuando el Rey Nimrod"; "When King Nimrod") is a Sephardic folk song. It is sung in Judaeo-Spanish, the Jewish-Spanish language, and tells the story of the birth of Abraham, the biblical prophet. This song comes from North Africa and not from the former Ottoman Empire, as most of the Ladino repertoire.
Interpretations.
Anachronistically, Abraham — who in the Bible is the very first Jew and the ancestor of all who followed, hence his appellation "Avinu" (Our Father)—is in the Judaeo-Spanish song already born, in the "juderia" (modern Spanish: "judería", Judaeo-Spanish: "djudería"), the Jewish quarter. This makes Terach and his wife into Jews, as are the parents of other babies killed by Nimrod. Abraham in the Bible is the very first man to be circumcised and perform circumcision. 
In essence, unlike its biblical model, the song is about a Jewish community persecuted by a cruel king and witnessing the birth of a miraculous saviour—a subject of obvious interest and attraction to the Jewish people who composed and sang it in Medieval Spain before they were expelled in 1492.
The song attributes to Abraham elements from the story of Moses's birth (the cruel king killing innocent babies, with the midwives ordered to kill them) and from the careers of Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego, who emerged unscathed from the fiery furnace. Nimrod is thus made to conflate the roles and attributes of two archetypal cruel and persecuting kings—Nebuchadnezzar and Pharaoh. For more information, see Nimrod.
It is also suggested that the song borrows from the Christian nativity story. For example, the miraculous light that signaled the birth, the birth in a manger, and the massacre of the innocents ordered by the cruel king Herod.

</doc>
<doc id="20896960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896960" title="Rototuna Wind Farm">
Rototuna Wind Farm

Rototuna Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm in the Rototuna Forest in Northland, New Zealand. The concept is being developed by Meridian Energy, and has the potential to produce up to 500 MW.
The wind resource for this project has been monitored since 2006. Feasibility studies also include radar mapping of the flight paths of birds migrating through the area. A study commissioned by EECA assessed this wind resource at 200-300 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20896972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896972" title="Insco Apartments Building">
Insco Apartments Building

The Insco Apartments is a historic apartment building in downtown Dayton, Ohio, United States. It was designed by Charles Insco Williams, a native of Dayton, and constructed in 1894. Williams designed the structure after an apartment hotel that he had seen on Fifth Avenue in New York City; he did not copy the design slavishly, but many of the architectural themes present in the Insco Apartments were derived ultimately from the unspecified New York City apartment building.
The Insco Apartments were the focus of an early historic preservation battle. The location for which they had been planned, at the junction of Main Street and Monument Avenue, had been occupied since Dayton's earliest days by a still-standing log cabin. This building had been used for numerous purposes over the past century, including serving as the first courthouse and jail for Montgomery County, the city's first school, its earliest church, and even its first tavern. Opposition to its demolition arose for fear that children might lose the last of what today would be called the built environment of their great-grandparents' day, including this log cabin whose walls still bore bullets from Indian raids. The champion of the save-the-cabin cause was Mary Steele, whose columns in the local paper impelled many influential citizens toward saving the cabin and moving it elsewhere.
None of the building's original plans survive; they, along with practically all of the original plans produced by Williams' office, disappeared many years ago. Built of brick on a stone foundation and covered with an asbestos roof, it was constructed to permit Williams to advertise it as "the only fire-proof apartment in southwest Ohio" upon its completion at the cost of $168,000. Instead of simply designing buildings for others' use, Williams embarked on real estate development, operating the apartment buildings he designed; he would mortgage each building soon after its completion in order to obtain money for the next one, and rents from his tenants would finance the mortgage. For many years, this scheme worked admirably, but the chaos during and after the Great Flood of 1913 completely upset it, and Williams' banks foreclosed on the Insco and other Williams-owned properties as a result.
At its centenary, the Insco was accorded national recognition by being placed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying both because of its architecture and because of its place in local history.

</doc>
<doc id="20896975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896975" title="Outdoor recreation">
Outdoor recreation

Outdoor recreation or outdoor activity is leisure pursuits engaged in the outdoors, often in natural or semi-natural settings out of town. Examples include adventure racing, backpacking, cycling, camping, canoeing, canyoning, caving, fishing, hiking, horseback riding, hunting, kayaking, mountaineering, photography, adventure park, rock climbing, running, sailing, skiing, and surfing. Outdoor recreation may also refer to a team sport game or practice held in an outdoor setting.
The two primary purposes for outdoor recreation are beneficial use and pleasurable appreciation.
Beneficial use is related to the physical and social rewards that goal-directed activity instills in individuals or groups. Some outdoor goal-directed activities are: backpacking, canoeing, canyoning, caving, climbing, hiking, hill walking, hunting, kayaking, and rafting. Arguably broader groupings of goal-directed outdoor activities would include water sports, snow sports, and horseback riding. Goal-directed outdoor activities are predominately physical, though they may also be mentally, emotionally, and spiritually rewarding. The outdoors as a physical or social setting may meet the needs of physical health, self-sufficiency, risk-taking, the building of social ties (including teambuilding), and the needs of achievement (such as practicing, enhancing and challenging skills, testing stamina and endurance, and seeking adventure or excitement). The outdoors can be an environment in which people "show what they can do".
Pleasurable appreciation encourages experiences of being "let in on nature's show". Enhancement of inner perceptual and/or spiritual life may be experienced through outdoor activities and outdoor-related activities such as nature study, aesthetic contemplation, meditation, painting, photography, archeological or historical research, and indigenous culture among others. These activities may also be physically rewarding.
Many people in modern civilizations believe that the value of nature is found only in its "utilitarian value" (beneficial use). They would discount the inner perceptual and/or spiritual benefits of the "intrinsic value of nature" that may be experienced during pleasurable appreciation.
Outdoor activities may also be pursued for the purposes of finding peace in nature, enjoying life, and relaxing. They are alternatives to expensive forms of tourism. Outdoor activities are also frequently used as a medium in education and teambuilding.
Trekking.
Trekking is all about enjoying a great walking holiday. Treks can be day hikes, overnight or extended hikes. An example of a day trek is hiking during the day and returning at night to a lodge for a hot meal and a comfortable bed. Trekking can be more enjoyable when undertaken while being generally physically fit. Physical preparation for trekking includes cycling, swimming, jogging and long walks.
Mountain biking.
Mountain biking is all about steering a mountain cycle over rocky tracks and around boulder-strewn paths. To tackle the trails, the requirements are physical strength, stamina and a strong mountain cycle. Mountain bikes or ATBs (all-terrain bikes) feature a frame and fork that are rugged. Their frames are often built of aluminum so they are lightweight and stiff, making them efficient to ride.
Canyoning.
Canyoning is an activity which involves climbing, descending, jumping and trekking through canyons. The sport originates from caving and involves both caving and climbing techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="20896999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896999" title="Kansas–Kansas State football all-time results">
Kansas–Kansas State football all-time results

The following is a list of the year-by-year results of the Sunflower Showdown football rivalry between the University of Kansas and Kansas State University.
"Kansas victories are shaded ██ blue. Kansas State victories shaded ██ purple."
All-time results.
Governor's Cup (1969–Present) results.
<onlyinclude>*K-State leads 25–19–1 or 24–20–1 (disputed)

</doc>
<doc id="20897008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897008" title="Allen Miller">
Allen Miller

Allen Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20897025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897025" title="She's Country">
She's Country

"She's Country" is a song written by Danny Myrick and Bridgette Tatum, and recorded by American country music artist Jason Aldean. It was released in December 2008 as the seventh single of his career, which served as the lead-off single from his album "Wide Open". This song is used in the Rock Band Country Track Pack, and has been confirmed as upcoming downloadable content for the Rock Band series.
Content.
"She's Country" was written by Danny Myrick, formerly of the band Western Flyer, along with Bridgette Tatum. It is a moderate up-tempo featuring accompaniment from electric guitar. The verses outline various females from various rural places in the United States. Each is described as being "country" in nature, "from her cowboy boots to her down home roots".
According to "Country Weekly" magazine, songwriter Bridgette Tatum got together with fellow songwriter Danny Myrick after thinking of a groove "that she didn't want to forget." They were thinking of several lyrics until Myrick added a guitar riff, and they thought of the title, "She's Country." When Myrick and Tatum finished the song, they recommended the song to Aldean.
Reception.
Pierce Greenberg of The 9513 gave the song a thumbs-down rating. He described it as having "dumbed-down lyrics and amped-up, rock-based production", in addition to saying that it was a "step backwards" from his previous singles such as "Laughed Until We Cried". Blake Boldt of Country Universe gave it a C- rating, saying that its lyrics were "cliché-laden" and sexist because of the oversimplified terms used to describe the women.
Performance and music video.
Aldean debuted the song in November 2008 at the Country Music Association awards shortly before its release as a single. Footage of the live performance was used as the song's music video. A second music video, based on the studio version of the song, was released in February 2009, and Jason Aldean returned to Wes Edwards, who directed his first four music videos to direct this music video. This music video shows Jason Aldean at his concerts, and during his touring. The video was voted number 35 on GAC's Top 50 Videos of the Year.
Charts.
The song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart at number 51 for the chart week of December 6, 2008, and entered the top 40 the following week. It became his second number-one song on the chart on the week of May 16, 2009, after "Why" in May 2006. It entered the Billboard Hot 100 on the chart week of November 29, 2008, at number 90, but fell off until the chart week of February 7, 2009, when it re-entered at number 88. The song has since become Aldean's first Top 40 hit on the Hot 100, peaking at number 29. It has also been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America as a digital single on October 5, 2012, as well being certified gold as a mastertone on August 25, 2009.
As of June 2011, the song was sold 1,612,000 times in the United States, making it the second best-selling song by a male solo country artist, only being surpassed by Aldean's "Big Green Tractor".

</doc>
<doc id="20897053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897053" title="Andwal">
Andwal

The Andwal are a clan of the Dhund Abbasi tribe of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. According the 1931 census the male population was about 1,300 and the tribe were located mainly in Abbottabad District (then a tehsil of Hazara District).

</doc>
<doc id="20897087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897087" title="Chandal, Bangladesh">
Chandal, Bangladesh

Chandal is a town in Barisal Division, Bangladesh. It is located at 23°10'0N 91°0'0E with an altitude of 9 metres (32 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20897095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897095" title="Magic Triangle">
Magic Triangle

Magic Triangle is the 11th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Arabesque label in 1998 and features performances by Douglas, Chris Potter, James Genus, and Ben Perowsky.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "Falling between hard bop and avant-garde jazz, the music tugs and pushes at the boundaries of the modern mainstream. Douglas varies the tempos and moods from piece to piece, giving listeners not only expertly played performances but a constantly flowing program. Although none of the individual selections have themes that will stay in one's mind after the CD has ended, the solos are consistently strong, the musicians blend together well, and the ensembles are colorful. Well worth exploring". 

</doc>
<doc id="20897106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897106" title="Eddie Kane">
Eddie Kane

Eddie Kane (August 12, 1889 - April 30, 1969) was an American actor who appeared in over 250 productions from 1928 to 1959.
Some of his more famous films include "The Public Enemy" (1931), "The Mummy" (1932), "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town" (1936), "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939), "Meet John Doe" (1941), "Yankee Doodle Dandy" (1942), "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946) and "The Ten Commandments" (1956). Kane appeared in three Academy Award for Best Picture winners: "The Broadway Melody" (1929), "It Happened One Night" (1934) and "You Can't Take It with You" (1938).
Kane was born in St. Louis, Missouri. His early career was in vaudeville as a member of the two-man team of Kane & Herman. Late in his career, Kane made a few appearances on television including the role of Mr. Monahan, Ralph Kramden's Gotham Bus Company boss on The Honeymooners. 
Kane retired after the 1950s and died of a heart attack at his home in Los Angeles in 1969.
See also.
List of actors who have appeared in multiple Best Picture Academy Award winners

</doc>
<doc id="20897118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897118" title="Salvia austriaca">
Salvia austriaca

Salvia austriaca, or Austrian sage, is a native of high altitudes across Russia and eastern Europe. The plant has a basal rosette of leaves 1 m across, which give off a fetid odor when brushed. The individual leaves are approx. 30 cm long, with indented midrib and veins. The flower stalk grows 60 cm or more above the foliage, with pale yellow flowers in whorls of six or more that make an inflorescence 20-25 cm long.

</doc>
<doc id="20897125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897125" title="Chandal clan">
Chandal clan

There are two clans of Dhund Abbasi (Arabic : خاندان عباسى) tribe of Pakistan and Bagh District of Azad Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="20897127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897127" title="Enforcer (band)">
Enforcer (band)

Enforcer is a heavy metal band formed in 2004 in Arvika, Sweden.
Enforcer plays and performs in a style very similar to older speed metal bands like Agent Steel, Exciter and Anvil. When the Sweden Rock Magazine asked them about playing "old school", they answered that heavy metal is not old school, it is timeless. 
They released their first album, "Into the Night", through the Heavy Artillery label in November 2008
Enforcer released its second full length album "Diamonds" under Earache Records, on May the 24th, 2010 in Europe while Heavy Artillery Records released the album in North America on May 25, 2010.
On February the 1st, 2013 they released "Death By Fire" in Stockholm, Sweden. They headlined a Belgian release show along with Evil Invaders on February the 2nd, a belgian speed metal band that released their self-titled EP.
Musical Style.
Enforcer is considered a part of the New Wave Of Traditional Heavy Metal (NWOTHM) an ongoing movement that in recent years has seen the return of traditional sounding metal bands (similar to the Swedish Sleaze metal revival) the name is taken from the New wave of british heavy metal in which the movement strongly identifies with. Other bands considered part of the movement include White Wizzard, Cauldron, Holy Grail, Skull Fist and more recently Sons of Lioth.
Members.
Past members:

</doc>
<doc id="20897149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897149" title="Manifesto for Walloon culture">
Manifesto for Walloon culture

The Manifesto for Walloon Culture (), was published in Liège on 15 September 1983 and signed ‘by seventy-five key figures in artistic, journalistic and university circles’ of Wallonia.
Among these "key figures": Jean-Jacques Andrien, Film Director Maurice Bologne, Professor; Aimée Bologne-Lemaire, Professor; Guy Cabay, Musician; Didier Comès, Comics Artist; Jacques Dubois, Professor at the University of Liège; Francis Édeline, (Groupe µ); Léopold Genicot, Historian; Thierry Haumont, Writer; André Lange (sociologist) European Audiovisual Observatory Quévit, Professor at the Université catholique de Louvain; René Hausman, Comics artist; Steve Houben, Musician; Jean-Marie Klinkenberg, Professor at the University of Liège (Groupe µ); Patrick Leboutte Cinema Critic; Jean Louvet, Paul Meyer, Film Director "The film director Paul Meyer, that founded the Walloon, cinema": [http://www.wip.be/index.php?l=en&act=search&jumpAuthor=240006 Wip; Thierry Michel, Film Director; Philippe Minguet (Groupe µ); Jacques Nihoul Scientist; Jean-Claude Servais [http://lambiek.net/artists/s/servais_jc.htm], Comics Artist; Hadelin Trinon (Groupe µ); Yvon Vandycke, Painter; José Verdin, General Federation of Belgian Labour...
Belgian context.
"For years, Francophone Belgian elites defended the principle that there were no difference between French culture in Belgium and in France. Confronted with a unified Flemish community, the idea of a unified French culture, still referring to the big partner in the south though stressing the Belgian context now, had to be valid for both Walloons and Francophone "Bruxellois", so excluding a separate Walloon culture.". On the political plan, the Belgian Constitution revised in 1971 was a compromise between federalism with two (Flanders-Wallonia) and federalism with three (Flanders-Wallonia-Brussels). The former was more a response to the Flemings' wishes (two major cultural communities); the latter corresponded more to the Walloons' wishes (three economic regions). Flemings would rapidly merge the two institutions, Community and Region. It was easier for them because there are more or less two hundred thousand Flemings in Brussels in front of six million Flemings in Flanders. But there are almost one million French-speaking inhabitants in Brussels in front of only 3.5 million Walloons.
Walloon language, regional varieties of French and Walloon culture.
The Flemish Journalist Guido Fonteyn described it as a "Walloon awakening".
For Dimitrios Karmis and Alain Gagnon, "on the road to cultural self-assertion" this manifesto has "marked a powerful moment".
For Emmanuelle Labeau, the Arthur Masson's novels before the period of the Manifesto (Masson died in 1970), are located in Wallonia,
The "regional varieties of French" are not necessarily the Walloon dialect but Philip Mosley wrote: 
Criticism from Brussels.
This Manifesto was violently criticized in Brussels: 
Successful or not? Now, sympathy from Brussels.
According Michael Keating, John Loughlin, Kris Deschouwer in 2003: "The "single French culture" is still the official discourse, and is defended by the French community authorities (...) The Walloon movement of today, supported by a small number of intellectual elites, defends very much the typical Walloon difference, but has not been able to moblise for it." 
In December 2006, a Brussels manifesto was published partly in the same spirit as the Walloon manifesto, claiming a regionalisation (in favour of Brussels as well in favour of Wallonia), of the French Community. It was also signed by key figures of Brussels as for instance the philosophers Philippe van Parijs and Jean-Marc Ferry, so that the Brussels manifesto has "given the Walloon “regionalists" an opportunity to remind everyone that they have been calling for an end to the French-speaking Community and the transfer of its powers, especially its responsibilities for education and culture, to the Walloon Region since their 1983 "Manifesto for Walloon culture" "
Benoît Lechat summarized the issue: 
The conclusion of the Manifesto for Wallon culture was: "All those who live and work in the Walloon region are undeniably part of Wallonia. All respectable human ideas and beliefs are also part of Wallonia (...) Being a straightforward community of human beings, Wallonia wishes to emerge as an appropriate entity which opens itself to the entire world." 
New debates.
The Walloon Minister President started a debate about the Walloon identity on 1 March 2010 in the newspaper La Meuse. He will make the proposal to his government to rename 'Walloon Region' as 'Wallonia'. The director of the Institut Destrée commented this initiative the day after on the RTBF. He linked this initiative and the Manifesto for Walloon culture together:
Le Figaro (4 March 2010) reminds the last sentences of the Manifesto for Walloon Culture : 'All those who live and work in the Walloon region are undeniably part of Wallonia.' These sentences are hopefully a reason to hope a peaceful debate...' 
Criticism about this new debate appears both in Wallonia and Brussels. But perhaps mainly in the Brussels' Newspapers. For instance Pascal Lorent in Le Soir 4 March 2010 writes: 'The Walloon identity doesn't exist'. And Pierre Bouillon wrote in Le Soir 6 March 2010 that the Walloon identity refers mainly to tourism, unemployment and bribery in Charleroi. It seems that the dispute between Brussels and Wallonia about this issue remains as for instance Europe since 1945: an encyclopedia, Tome I wrote it for some years: 'A Walloon identity is also emerging that exhibits at the political level the still mainly hidden tension between French-speaking Brussels and Wallonia' On the contrary, it seems to Paul Piret, journalist at La Libre Belgique, a debate on the concept 'Identity' is good about political citizenship, roots, collective project and even pride.
Bouli Lanners said that his films are the reflection of the Walloon culture but with an Americain inspiration because we are overflowed by the American culture 

</doc>
<doc id="20897162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897162" title="Amanda Stern">
Amanda Stern

Amanda Stern (born and raised in Greenwich Village, New York City) is the author of the critically acclaimed novel "The Long Haul" ISBN 1932360069, whose metaphors, the San Francisco Chronicle called, "so fresh they are almost jarring." In 2003 Stern founded the highly acclaimed and popular The Happy Ending Music and Reading Series. A permanent resident of New York City, Stern makes her living writing children's books, and producing and hosting literary events for cultural organizations such as The National Book Foundation, for whom she hosted the National Book Award's first ever "5 Under 35" ceremony, and The PEN American Center, Yaddo, the French Embassy, MASS MoCA and others. Her fiction, non-fiction, and poetry have appeared in, among other places, The New York Times, The New York Times Magazine, Filmmaker, The Believer, Post Road, St. Ann's Review, Salt Hill, Hayden's Ferry Review, Five Chapters and Spinning Jenny.
Stern launched her series, "Happy Ending," in 2003 out of a small Chinatown bar. Cited by critics of The Village Voice, New York Magazine, NY Press and The New Yorker as the best series in NYC, with Time Out New York calling it the "most vital authors' series in NYC," and "consistently one of the most entertaining literary events in the city.", Stern's reputation as a skilled host and discerning curator grew, and in 2006, she was profiled in the "New York" issue of the New York Times Magazine as one of ten "New Bohemians, helping to keep downtown New York alive." The Happy Ending Series quickly became a required stop for authors and musicians on tour;. On January 7, 2009, after five years in the small bar, the well-loved series moved to uptown to NYC's premiere performance venue, Joe's Pub at the Public Theater becoming the pub's first ever ongoing literary series. She has welcomed over 600 artists, including: Laurie Anderson, Aimee Mann, James Salter, Moby, A.M. Homes, Rick Moody, Amy Hempel, Mary Gaitskill, My Brightest Diamond and Mark Eitzel.
When she was a senior in high school, Stern starred in an off-Broadway production of a play she co-wrote, at the now defunct Kaufmann Theater. From there she turned to film, working for Good Machine, Hal Hartley, Ang Lee and Terry Gilliam, and later as a comic, co-hosting the Lorne Michaels' comedy series, "This is Not a Test," alongside host, Marc Maron at Catch a Rising Star. Soon after she became the an on-air host for the Lorne Michaels' owned network, Burly Bear. In 1999 she left comedy all together in order to pursue a career in fiction.
In an amusing turn of events, Stern, at 33, decided to learn how to drive in order to go on a book tour. After failing her road test several times, she held a contest for a tour driver - as a prank. Publishers Weekly and the Ottawa Citizen picked up the story and 45 people applied to drive her across country. The winner, Jenn McKee, won and drove Stern across America to promote her novel.
Her debut novel, "The Long Haul", released by Soft Skull Press can be found in bookstores nationwide. She blogs about culture, and her series at [http://www.amandastern.com]. Stern has held several residencies at Yaddo and MacDowell. She currently lives in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, home to the novelists Colson Whitehead, Jennifer Egan and Jhumpa Lahiri, where she is working on her next novel.

</doc>
<doc id="20897167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897167" title="Community of Communes of the Kochersberg">
Community of Communes of the Kochersberg

The Community of Communes of the Kochersberg (French: "Communauté de communes du Kochersberg") is a French intercommunal structure gathering most of the communes of the natural region of Kochersberg, département of Bas-Rhin, région Alsace.
History.
It has been created on 14 December 2001 ; its head is set in "Truchtersheim".

</doc>
<doc id="20897180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897180" title="Scargo Tower">
Scargo Tower

Scargo Tower is a cobblestone tower located atop Scargo Hill in Dennis, Massachusetts on Cape Cod.
History.
There have been three Scargo towers in this same spot. The first tower was made in 1874, created by the Tobey family. The tower was constructed out of wood, however it was destroyed by a gale in 1876. The second tower was also made of wood and burned down in 1900. The second tower was also known as "Tobey Tower" in the name of the Tobeys. Today the third tower is still holding strong, built out of cobblestone, and created in 1901 for a memorial to the family of the Tobeys. The tower stands thirty feet high. It is located on the highest hill of the Mid-Cape region. From the tower, you can see almost all of Cape Cod from on the bay side, including Provincetown.
The Scargo Tower plaque.
A plaque placed above the entrance to the tower reads, "This tower and hilltop were given to the town of Dennis in 1929 as a memorial to Charles Tobey (1831–1888) and Francis Bassett Tobey (1833–1913). Loyal sons of the village of Dennis where their Tobey ancestors settled in 1678."
Geography.
Scargo tower sits atop Scargo Hill, one of the tallest [] and best-known hills on Cape Cod. The tower is located in the town of Dennis, Massachusetts off of Scargo Hill road, to the south of Scargo Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20897185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897185" title="Ngatata Love">
Ngatata Love

Sir Ralph Herberley "Ngatata" Love (born September 7, 1937) is a New Zealand Treaty of Waitangi negotiator, academic and Māori leader. Love is a Professor of Business Development at Victoria University of Wellington's Victoria Management School. He is in a long-term relationship with Lorraine Skiffington.
Love was awarded the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2009 for services to Māori. At the same time Sir Ngatata stated that he is a supporter of a New Zealand republic and that "Even though I am an avowed republican, we must never abandon the history we share with Britain. Particularly at times of conflict." 
His father was the Te Ati Awa leader Sir Ralph Love. Love attended Wellington College and attended university part-time.
In March 2009, Love suggested that secondary students should have the option of going to wananga (Māori tertiary institutions) rather than staying at school.
In 2012 Love stepped aside from a number of positions representing Māori and the Serious Fraud Office said it was investigating a matter in relation to the Wellington Tenths Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="20897191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897191" title="Al Culver">
Al Culver

Alvin Sager Culver (June 11, 1908 - February, 1982) was an Offensive tackle in the National Football League who played for the Chicago Bears and the Green Bay Packers.
Culver played collegiate ball for the University of St. Thomas and University of Notre Dame before playing in the NFL in the 1932 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20897194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897194" title="List of largest mosques">
List of largest mosques

This is a list of mosques that accommodate at least 5000 worshipers. The default listing is alphabetical; to sort using different criteria, click on the desired column headers. Note that determining exactly what should be included when calculating area is a highly subjective assessment, and the figures given here adhere to no common standard.

</doc>
<doc id="20897204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897204" title="Kreate by Jochem Paap">
Kreate by Jochem Paap

KREATE by Jochem Paap (AKA Speedy J) is a software sound library developed by Fixed Noise, Inc. Dutch producer Speedy J designed all the sounds included in the soundware.
Functionality and Specs.
KREATE works as a plugin, compatible with all major host environments. The interface, Native Instruments' Kontakt Player 2, facilitates the sounds to be divided into over 400 instruments. The instruments can be modified using effects and envelope modulators. KREATE can used within the full version of Kontakt or within the Kontakt Player 2, which is included.
The software is over 4 Gigabytes and runs on both Mac and Windows.
Instruments categories/types include:

</doc>
<doc id="20897218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897218" title="List of power stations in Iraq">
List of power stations in Iraq

As of February 2011 Iraq has a total electricity generation capacity of 11,000 MW.
Duhok 
Ninawa
Salah ad Din Governorate
Erbil
Sulaymaniyah
Kirkuk
Al Anbar
Baghdad
Babil Governorate
equipment supplied by Hitachi, Japan.
Karbala Governorate
Najaf Governorate
Al-Qadisiyyah Governorate
Maysan Governorate
Dhi Qar Governorate
Al Muthanna Governorate
Basrah

</doc>
<doc id="20897231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897231" title="Lina Olsson Rosenberg">
Lina Olsson Rosenberg

Lina Olsson Rosenberg (born 27 December 1971) is a Swedish handball player who played for the Norwegian club Larvik HK, and later obtained Norwegian citizenship and played for the Norway women's national handball team. 
She made her debut on the Norwegian national team in 2002, and played on this team at the 2002 European Women's Handball Championship, when Norway received a silver medal. She played 24 matches and scored 92 goals for Norway's national team.
Club career.
Olsson was voted "Player of the year" in the Norwegian league in 1996, and again in 1997.
She reached the Women's EHF Cup final in 1996 with Larvik HK, and reached the Women's EHF Cup Winners' Cup semi finals in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20897252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897252" title="Gaiyal">
Gaiyal

The Gaiyal are a clan of the Dhund Abbasi tribe of Pakistan. They are descendants of Gai Chand, also sometimes mistakenly called Gai Khan whose tomb is near Duberan in the Kahuta Tehsil of Rawalpindi District. There are settlements of the tribe in Tangrot, Karor and Poonch.

</doc>
<doc id="20897294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897294" title="Willie's War">
Willie's War

"Willie's War" is a film produced by the Children's Film Unit in 1994, directed by Colin Finbow and distributed by Channel Four Films. It was filmed in and around Frensham Heights school in Surrey, and received its TV transmission on Channel 4.
Synopsis.
Ten-year-old Willie is evacuated from the East End of London, he is chosen by Zander, 13-year-old son of an army captain, to be his companion in a rambling country house. Zander's upbringing makes him snobbish and a bully. Willie does not enjoy shooting birds, playing with toy soldiers, or boxing; his only friends are Zander's nanny, and a young soldier called Blake. His father turns up in the nearby woods, having deserted the army. The nanny gives him food till one night, in panic, Blake shoots him.

</doc>
<doc id="20897300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897300" title="Ratnial">
Ratnial

The Ratnial are a clan of the Dhund Abbasi tribe of Pakistan. They are common in the Abbottabad District of the North-West Frontier Province and the Murree Tehsil of Rawalpindi District, Punjab.

</doc>
<doc id="20897301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897301" title="Ohio Hockey Classic">
Ohio Hockey Classic

The Ohio Hockey Classic was a Division I men's college ice hockey tournament hosted annually during the NCAA Division I men's ice hockey season by the Ohio State Buckeyes men's ice hockey program.
The first classic was held during the 2004–05 season when Colorado College won in a shootout. The first three years of the tournament were held at Nationwide Arena, and has been held at Ohio State's home arena Value City Arena every year since. The Miami Redhawks along with Ohio State have participated in every Ohio Hockey Classic.
Just four days after the 2009 tournament ended, Ohio State coach John Markell stated the tournament will be discontinued due to lack of sponsorship.
Format.
The classic is a four-team tournament. In 2004, both night one's and two's matchups were predetermined. Since then, night one's winners play each other for the tournament's title, and the first night's losers play each other as a consolation. If a game is tied after the completion of a five minute overtime period, the teams participate in a shootout which is only for the purpose of deciding a champion for the tournament. The first two classics came down to a shootout.

</doc>
<doc id="20897303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897303" title="Frank McDowell Leavitt">
Frank McDowell Leavitt

Frank McDowell Leavitt (1856–1928) was an American engineer and inventor. Leavitt devised one of the earliest machines for manufacturing tin cans and later invented the Bliss-Leavitt torpedo, the chief torpedo weapon used by United States Navy in World War I. Leavitt was part of an emerging cadre of American engineers whose design feats were putting United States manufacturing might on the map at the dawn of the twentieth century.
Early life and career beginnings.
Frank M. Leavitt was born at Athens, Ohio, on March 3, 1856, the son of Rev. John McDowell Leavitt, later president of Lehigh University, and his wife Bethia (Brooks) Leavitt of Cincinnati, Ohio. Leavitt married Ohio-born Gertrude Goodsell at Brooklyn, New York, on November 8, 1893, and settled in Brooklyn Heights, New York, where he pursued his career as an engineer. Within a decade of his marriage, Leavitt had patented an early – and lucrative – process to manufacture tin cans. 
Bliss-Leavitt torpedo.
By 1904, Leavitt had turned his attention to weaponry: he began working with the civilian contracting firm E. W. Bliss Company of Brooklyn to design a new type of torpedo. The recently concluded Russian-Japanese War had caught the attention of United States Naval officials, because both nation's fleets had lost most of their battleships to underwater explosives. The race was on to perfect the deadly armaments, and the United States Navy was becoming the world leader in torpedo technology.
Final years and legacy.
Frank M. Leavitt, who served as chief engineer for the E. W. Bliss Company for many years, died at his home in Scarsdale, New York, on August 6, 1928. The Ohio-born inventor and his wife had no children. His sister Anna Brooks Leavitt, who married USN Commander James C. Cresap, had a grandchild named in honor of the inventor: U.S. Navy Lieut. Commander Frank McDowell Leavitt Davis, who graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. Lieut. Commander Davis later commanded a Naval torpedo bombing plane squadron in World War II, and perished while on duty in a Navy plane crash off Malta in 1946. Frank McDowell Leavitt Davis is honored with a plinth at the Naval Academy cemetery. Frank M. L. Davis and his father, Lieut. Ralph Otis Davis, both were assigned to the Navy submarine service.

</doc>
<doc id="20897331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897331" title="Didymoctenia exsuperata">
Didymoctenia exsuperata

Didymoctenia exsuperata is a species of Ennominae that occurs in Australia.
Life cycle.
Early instar caterpillars are brownish-white with varying dots with a brown head as the caterpillar reaches its last instar it turns green and will be almost completely covered in small black dots.

</doc>
<doc id="20897340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897340" title="Danat Al Emarat Women &amp; Children’s Hospital">
Danat Al Emarat Women &amp; Children’s Hospital

Danat Al Emarat hospital is a future hospital for women and children in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. With a completion date of 2011, it will have 170 beds upon opening, with a maximum capacity of 260 beds. The projected cost for the hospital is $250 million. If completed, the hospital would be the first in the United Arab Emirates to be controlled by an international company, United Eastern Medical Services (UEM).

</doc>
<doc id="20897356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897356" title="Joinville-le-Pont (Paris RER)">
Joinville-le-Pont (Paris RER)

Joinville-le-Pont () is a railway station in the French commune of Joinville-le-Pont, Val-de-Marne, a southeastern suburb of Paris.
History.
Joinville-le-Pont station opened in its current form on 14 December 1969 as part of the initial segment of the RER network with service between Nation in central Paris and Boissy-Saint-Léger.
Service.
Joinville-le-Pont is on the A2 branch of the RER A and receives frequent service westbound to Saint-Germain-en-Laye on the A1 branch and Boissy-Saint-Léger eastbound on the A2 branch. At peak times there are up to twelve trains per hour (one train every five minutes), during off-peak hours trains arrive every ten minutes, and early mornings and late nights trains come at fifteen minute intervals.
Bus connections.
RATP also operates bus service alongside RER service at Joinville-le-Pont. This includes regular bus service during the day and Noctilien service at night.

</doc>
<doc id="20897362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897362" title="Catherine King (radio broadcaster)">
Catherine King (radio broadcaster)

Catherine King, née Catherine Helen Murdoch (b . 20 December 1904 in Surrey Hills, Victoria, Australia – d. 2 January 2000 in Mosman Park, Western Australia) was an influential ABC broadcaster and community worker in Western Australia. She was the daughter of prominent Australian academic and essayist Sir Walter Murdoch.
Biography.
Born Catherine Helen Murdoch on 20 December 1904 in Surrey Hills, Victoria, Australia, she was the daughter of Violet Catherine Hughston and Sir Walter Murdoch. She married Alexander King, well known as Alec King (b. 22 May 1904 in Dorset, England - d. March 1970 in Canterbury, Victoria, Australia).
From 1929 King was associated with the Kindergarten Union: first on the Education Committee and later as part-time lecturer at the Kindergarten Teachers' College. Her husband Alec King was a member of the ABC Education Broadcasting Committee. King gave regular talks on topics ranging from art and politics to education. King helped organise Parent Education Groups in Perth and the country. In the late 1930s, another avenue for parent education became available, and King began her series of Parent Education broadcasts for the ABC. What had begun as a small project to interest parents in providing quality reading soon turned into an influential program recommending good books for young readers.
On 4 September 1944 King's daily radio program was called the ABC Women's Session.
In the late 1940s King was joined by Erica Underwood. The program was broadcast throughout WA and included music, live interviews and discussion on subjects from science and arts to cooking and parenting. It was based on the premise that women who were not in the paid workforce were thinking people with wide interests and concerns. King and Underwood travelled in regional WA in an ABC van meeting women who listened to the program. Her final program was broadcast in 1976.
King was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire for services to the community in 1966.
King died on 2 January 2000 in Mosman Park, Western Australia.
They had three children, Walter, Francis and Elizabeth (married Mr Millett).

</doc>
<doc id="20897374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897374" title="15 Field Ambulance">
15 Field Ambulance

15 (Edmonton) Field Ambulance (15 (Edm) Fd Amb) is a Canadian Forces Primary Reserve medical unit headquartered in Edmonton with a detachment (15 (Edmonton) Field Ambulance Detachment Calgary) in Calgary. The unit mission is to attract, train, force generate and retain high-quality health service personnel to provide health service support (HSS) to 41 Canadian Brigade Group and to augment CF domestic and international operations. An additional and important activity is to participate in activities that will raise its profile in Edmonton and Calgary.
History.
15 (Edmonton) Field Ambulance's lineage originates with  4 Casualty Clearing Station mobilized in December 1939 as one of the medical units of the 1st Canadian Division for service overseas during the second world war.  4 CSS departed Halifax on 30 Jan 1940 embarked in the "Empress of Britain" and disembarked along the Clyde on 8 February 1940. The unit was directed to Aldershot were it spent the next three years. The medical services of  4 CCS during the winter of 1941–42 were provided in a large country house that accommodated 130 patients. Patients expected to be ill for more than three or four days were transferred from a field ambulance to the CCS.
During the Dieppe Raid,  4 CCS remained in Dorking, England. Casualties from the battle were evacuated by landing craft back to the casualty reception area at Portsmouth and  4 CCS handled the walking wounded.
In 1943  4 CCS was sent to Sicily and operated in Catania providing care for sick and injured Canadian soldiers. The unit followed the battle of the I Canadian Corps through Ortona to the Gustav Line, on to the Hitler Line and Northern Italy. In 1945, the unit moved to Marseilles, France, and to Belgium and finally into the Netherlands.  4 CCS opened with attached surgical and transfusion units in Brakkenstein, near Nijmegen.
At war's end,  4 CCS returned to Canada and was re-designated  36 Casualty Clearing Station in the Militia. In 1954, the unit was once again re-designated  23 Medical Company (Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps). 23 Med Coy trained to achieve the highest standards and won the Ryerson Trophy each year from 1961 to 1964, and 1972 to 1974.
In 1978  23 Medical Company was once again redesignated as 15 (Edmonton) Medical Company. In 1991, 14 Medical Platoon of 14 (Calgary) Service Battalion was reassigned and became 15 (Edmonton) Medical Company Detachment Calgary. In 2004, subsequent to the reorganization of all Canadian Forces medical and dental units into the Canadian Forces Health Services Group, the militia medical companies were re-designated and organized as Reserve field ambulances and the unit became 15 (Edmonton) Field Ambulance with its detachment 15 (Edmonton) Field Ambulance Detachment Calgary.
Present day.
15 (Edm) Fd Amb is a unit of 1 Health Services Group and under operational control (OPCON) of 41 Canadian Brigade Group, consisting of all Alberta Army Reserve personnel. As a Canadian Forces (CF) Primary Reserve unit, members may serve on a full or part-time basis. Deployments are voluntary, and personnel continue to serve alongside Regular Force CF members. The Edmonton unit is based at Brigadier James Curry Jefferson Building, and in Calgary at the Northeast Armoury. The current commanding officer (23 February 2013) is Commander Robert Briggs of Edmonton.
Operations.
15 Field Ambulance members have deployed in many domestic and international operations including:
Royal Canadian Army Cadets.
15 (Edmonton) Field Ambulance is affiliated with 2995 Medical Company RCACC, based in Lac La Biche, Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="20897386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897386" title="Robbie Hummel">
Robbie Hummel

Robert John "Robbie" Hummel (born March 8, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the NBA. He played college basketball at Purdue University.
High school career.
Hummel attended Valparaiso High School in Valparaiso, Indiana. Playing under coach Bob Punter, he played alongside his future college freshman teammate, Scott Martin (who transferred to University of Notre Dame after one season at Purdue). Hummel averaged 15.7 points, 7.1 rebounds and 4.1 assists per game as a Viking during his senior season.
College career.
Purdue.
2007–2008.
Hummel attended Purdue University to play under head coach, Matt Painter, and associate head coach, Cuonzo Martin. He averaged 11.4 points (2nd on team), 6.1 rebounds (1st) and 2.5 assists a game in his freshman year. Hummel led the baby boilers, along with Chris Kramer, JaJuan Johnson, Keaton Grant, and E'Twaun Moore to a second place finish in conference play and onto a second-round NCAA Tournament appearance, where they lost to a senior-led Xavier team. He broke the school freshman record with a 44.7 three-point field goal percentage, while leading the Big Ten Conference. He also recorded the highest free throw percentage for a freshman in school history with 86.5 accuracy, which led the team, and broke Kyle Macy's 33 year old .859 mark. He was named "First Team All-Big Ten", becoming the first true Boilermaker freshman to earn the honor. He wrapped up his Freshmen season as 1 of 24 "John R. Wooden Award" finalists and of 10 finalists for the "Oscar Robertson Trophy". He helped lead the Boilers to a 25–9 overall season record.
2008–2009.
Hummel completed his sophomore season averaging close to 13 points (3rd on team) and 7 rebounds (1st) a game. As one of three tri-captains on the team and named the "Preseason Big Ten Player of the Year", he scored his 500th career point on December 13, '08 against Indiana State. Hummel opened the season with ten straight double figure scoring performances, totaling 19 on the season (15–4), which included four 20+ point performances (3–1). He won back-to-back "Big Ten Player of the Week" honors in the month of December, pulling down a career high 14 rebounds and 25 points during that time frame. He recorded two preseason double-doubles, with one coming against Stephen Curry's Davidson team. Hummel began battling with back spasms and a broken vertebra, which forced him to sit out 5 games and kept him from practice involvement. He had to wear a back brace in games following with limited minutes, while helping lead the Boilers to an 11–7 conference record, going 1–3 without him. Hummel led the Boilers to their first Big Ten Tournament championship in school history and was named the most valuable player of the tournament, following with a third straight NCAA Tournament appearance and the program's first Sweet Sixteen appearance in 9 years. Finishing the season wearing a back brace, he scored a team high 17 points in the final game of the season against UConn in the Regional Semifinals. Although having dealt with performance affecting injuries and missing four conference games, he was named a "Third Team-All Big Ten" selection.
2009–2010.
To start the 2009–10 season, Hummel was picked as one of fifty players as a preseason John R. Wooden Award candidate, along with teammate, E'Twaun Moore. He was a "Preseason First Team All-Big Ten" pick by both CBS Sports and Big Ten Network and a "Preseason 2nd Team All-American" pick by ESPN analysts, Doug Gottlieb and Jay Williams. Near mid-season, he was selected as one of thirty finalists for the Naismith Award. With MVP E'Twaun Moore, Hummel was named to the 2009 Paradise Jam All-Tournament Team after a victory over #10 Tennessee. During a school record-tying 14–0 season start on December 29, 2009 against Iowa, Hummel broke a school record, making 36 consecutive free throws, previously held by Jerry Sichting's 34, which was set three decades earlier. He tied his former assistant coach, Cuonzo Martin's single game school record of 8 three point-field goals made in a losing effort against an Evan Turner-led Ohio State team on January 12, 2010, in which he also scored a career high 35 points and received a dislocated pinky finger. In his team's tenth straight win in conference play at Minnesota on February 24, Hummel injured his right knee in the first half after he slipped while attempting to plant his foot. He scored 11 points, making 3 of 4 three-pointers, in his prior twelve minutes of the game. Purdue officials reported the following day that Hummel tore his anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) and would miss the rest of the season. He finished the last five games as a junior perfect from the free throw line, making all 21 of his attempts.
Playing in 30.3 minutes per game, he averaged 15.7 points (2nd on team), 6.9 rebounds (1st), 1.1 steals, 1 block, and 2.1 assists, while shooting 45.6 percent from the floor and led the Big Ten at 90.2 percent from the line, while also leading the nation amongst players at the forward position. He also shot 36.4 percent beyond the arc (2nd). Hummel scored at least 11 points in all but three games on the season (24–3), including ten straight, while recording eight double-doubles and being named a "First Team All-Big Ten" selection for the second time in his career at Purdue, while also being named a "Fox Sports Third-Team All-American", a "State Farm" and "NABC Second Team All-American", and an "Associated Press Honorable Mention All-American". He averaged 16.2 points and 7.3 rebounds per game in Big Ten Conference play for the #3 ranked team in the nation (12–3) and eventual conference titlists. Hummel received knee surgery and had to wait 4 to 6 months for the healing process.
2010–2011.
After two consecutive seasons with performance-affecting injuries, Hummel was expected to return for his senior season. Fellow teammates JaJuan Johnson and E'Twaun Moore were returning as well, where they pulled out of the 2010 NBA Draft to return for their senior season. At team practice on October 16, Hummel tore the same ACL and was forced to sit out and serve as an assistant for the 2010–2011 season. Before the injury, Hummel was predicted as high as a "Preseason Second Team All-American" by much of the media.
2011–2012.
Hummel returned to the team as a fifth year redshirted senior. On October 19, 2011, Hummel showed no effects from his injury during 3-on-3 fast break drills in practice. He was named one of 50 candidates for the John R. Wooden Award, as well as the #24 player on CBSSports.com Top 100 List and a "Lowe's Senior CLASS Award" candidate to open the season. On November 11, the "Preseason All-Big Ten" selection scored 21 points, making 5 of 7 beyond the arc to open the season against Northern Illinois in 20 minutes of play. On December 3 in a three-point loss at #11 Xavier, Hummel suffered from cramps and dehydration, which eventually caused him to fall to the floor in the last minute of the game. Hummel led Purdue to a 10-3 non-conference mark and onto a 10-8 conference record. Hummel led the Boilers with 16.4 points, 7.2 rebounds, and 1.2 blocks per contest, while averaging 2 assists and .7 steals. He has scored in double figures in all but three games (1-2) this season, which included nine 20+ point games (7-2), while recording six double-doubles (4-2). On February 4, Hummel recorded a career high 5 blocks in a home loss to #20 Indiana. On February 22, he scored a season-high 29 points in a home win against Nebraska. Following that game and a 17 point performance win @ #11 Michigan, Hummel was named "Big Ten Player of the Week". In his last game at Mackey Arena on February 29, Hummel recorded a career high 6 assists, along with 26 points and 8 rebounds against Penn State. Throughout the month of February, Hummel led the nation in points scored. After the culmination of the regular season, Hummel was selected "First Team All-Big Ten" for the third time in his career, becoming the first Boilermaker since Rick Mount (1968–1970) to do so and the first Big Ten player since Mateen Cleaves. Hummel led the Boilers to a sixth straight NCAA Tournament, losing in his final game to Final Four-bound Kansas in the Third Round by 3 points. Being guarded by Thomas Robinson, Hummel scored 22 points in the first half, finishing with 26 points and 9 rebounds. He was named an "Associated Press Honorable Mention All-American" and also won the "Lowe's Senior Class Award" and the "Thomas A. Brady Comeback Award".
Career notes.
Hummel became the 44th player in school history to score over 1,000 career points, surpassing the mark with a 13-point performance during a 73–66 loss on January 9, 2010. On December 23, 2011 at Iowa, Hummel became the tenth player in school history to tally 700 rebounds. His 90.2 free throw percentage on the 2009–2010 season ranks second best in school history, just .5 percent under Henry Ebershoff's 44 year 90.7 mark. On March 4, 2012 with a 16 point performance in a loss @ Indiana, Hummel scored his 1,720th career point, placing him ninth in career points at Purdue. With a career marred by injuries and missing out on ten existing games during his sopohmore and junior seasons, Hummel missed out on likable chances to become a Consensus All-American, Big Ten Player of the Year, or to assist Purdue to a Final Four appearance. He finished his career with 1,772 points (9th), 862 rebounds (4th), 268 assists, 132 steals, 112 blocks, becoming the only Boiler to reach such numbers in each category.
International career.
With his lower back injury healing daily, Hummel was selected for the USA Men's 2009 World University Games in Belgrade, Serbia under Wisconsin head coach Bo Ryan. Along with the likes of fellow Big Ten players Evan Turner and Talor Battle, Hummel helped lead Team USA to the Bronze medal against Israel, finishing with a 6–1 record. Pulling down a team single-game-high ten rebounds, he averaged 7.3 points and 3.4 rebounds per game.
Professional career.
On June 28, 2012, Hummel was selcted by the Minnesota Timberwolves with the 58th overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft. He joined the Timberwolves for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On August 8, 2012, Hummel signed a one-year deal with Blu:sens Monbús of Spain. In September 2012, he injured his right meniscus and was sidelined for 2 months.
Hummel re-joined the Minnesota Timberwolves for the 2013 NBA Summer League. On September 26, 2013, he signed with the Timberwolves.

</doc>
<doc id="20897443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897443" title="Uribe-class patrol vessel">
Uribe-class patrol vessel

"Uribe"-class patrol vessels are offshore patrol vessels use by the Mexican Navy. The class was developed by the Spanish company Empresa Nacional Bazán in 1982. It is a multi-role patrol craft with twin funnels and a helicopter deck. These ships have main armament (40 mm L70 DP gun) at B position. Ships of the "Uribe" class were the first vessels of the Mexican Navy able to operate on board helicopters (MBB Bo 105).

</doc>
<doc id="20897451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897451" title="The Shining South">
The Shining South

The Shining South is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9388, was published in 1993, and was written by Tom Prusa, with cover art by Jeff Butler.
The 96-page booklet is wrapped in a removable gatefold cover. The book includes a one-page introduction, explaining that this book covers the region known as the Shining South, and the various countries that comprise it. Pages 3–22 detail the land of Halruaa, a rich, reclusive land famous for its magic. Described are Halruaa's geography and climate, history, government and politics, people and customs, languages, social customs, religion, money and commerce, cities, places of interest, NPCs, adventures, magic spells, magical items, and its famed "skyships". Pages 23–41 detail the land of Dambrath, a land populated by half-drow, including its geography and climate, history, government and politics, people and customs, languages, social customs, religion, money and commerce, cities, villages and ranchos, places of interest, NPCs, and adventures. Pages 42–52 detail the land of Luiren, the land of the halflings, including its geography and climate, history, government and politics, people and customs, social customs, religion, money and commerce, cities, places of interest, NPCs, adventures, and new non-weapon proficiencies. Pages 53–72 detail the lands of Durpar, Var, and Estagund, also known as the Shining Lands, including their geography and climate, history, government and politics, people and customs, languages, social customs, religion, money and commerce, cities, places of interest, NPCs, adventures, and a new thief-class kit. Pages 73–80 detail the land of Ulgarth, including its geography and climate, history, government and politics, people and customs, languages, social customs, religion, money and commerce, cities, places of interest, NPCs, and adventures. Pages 82–93 present two Shining South adventure scenarios, "Gateway to Elsewhere" and "Dark as Dark". Pages 94–95 detail two monsters of the Shining South, the dark tree and the laraken.
This book also includes a fold-out color poster map of the region. The inside front cover contains a description of Durparian specialty priests, while the inside back cover contains a list of the thirty-one leading chakas of Durpar. The inside gatefold cover contains a description of Luiren specialty priests, while the outside gatefold cover presents a color map of the city of Vaelen.

</doc>
<doc id="20897462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897462" title="Kansas – Kansas State men's basketball all-time results">
Kansas – Kansas State men's basketball all-time results

The following is a list of the year-by-year results of the Sunflower Showdown basketball rivalry between the University of Kansas and Kansas State University.
"Kansas victories are shaded ██ blue. Kansas State victories shaded ██ purple."
All-time results.
Notes: Only on two occasions have KU and KSU met in a location other than Lawrence, Manhattan, or Kansas City. The first came in the 1988 NCAA Elite Eight when the teams played for a Final Four berth in Pontiac, MI; Kansas won a 71-58 decision over Kansas State in that contest, en route to the 1988 national title. The other such meeting came in the 2007 Big 12 Tournament semifinals in Oklahoma City; KU took a 67-61 decision over KSU en route to the Big 12 Tournament title for that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20897464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897464" title="Charles Mann (advocate-general)">
Charles Mann (advocate-general)

Charles Mann (8 July 1799 – 24 May 1860) was the first South Australian advocate-general.
Biography.
Mann was born in Syleham, East Suffolk, England, son of Charles Mann and his wife Sarah, "née" Moxon. Mann was admitted a solicitor in the King's Bench Division and set up practice in Cannon Street, London.
At Captain (Sir) John Hindmarsh's request, Mann was appointed the first South Australian advocate-general. Mann sailed in the "Coromandel", arriving at Holdfast Bay on 12 January 1837.
Mann was a partner with Edward Castres Gwynne for a time, and became master of the Supreme Court of South Australia in 1844, and acting judge in 1849. Mann was appointed crown solicitor in 1850, police magistrate and insolvency commissioner in 1856, and commissioner of the Court of Insolvency and stipendiary magistrate in 1858. He died at his home in Gilbert Street, Adelaide, on 24 May 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="20897470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897470" title="Chrysolarentia severata">
Chrysolarentia severata

Chrysolarentia severata is a species of Larentiinae that occurs in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20897472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897472" title="Simple-homotopy equivalence">
Simple-homotopy equivalence

In mathematics, particularly the area of topology, a simple-homotopy equivalence is a refinement of the concept of homotopy equivalence. Two CW-complexes are simple-homotopy equivalent if they are related by a sequence of collapses and expansions (inverses of collapses), and a homotopy equivalence is a simple homotopy equivalence if it is homotopic to such a map.
The obstruction to a homotopy equivalence being a simple homotopy equivalence is the Whitehead torsion, formula_1

</doc>
<doc id="20897496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897496" title="Normandy Isles Historic District">
Normandy Isles Historic District

Normandy Isles Historic District is a U.S. Historic District encompassing the Normandy Isles neighborhood of Miami Beach, Florida, United States. It is roughly bounded by the Normandy Shores Golf Course, Indian Creek, Biscayne Bay, Rue Versailles, 71st Street, and Rue Notre Dame. On November 12, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20897509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897509" title="R. Puri">
R. Puri

R. Puri was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Puri made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1949-50 Ranji Trophy competition, against Holkar. From the lower-middle order, he scored 10 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a duck in the second innings, being trapped LBW both times.

</doc>
<doc id="20897510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897510" title="Pranjal Tamuli">
Pranjal Tamuli

Pranjal Tamuli (born 28 November 1985) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Assam. He was born in Digboi.
Tamuli, who made his debut in the National Under-22 Tournament in 2001-02, made his only List A appearance in the 2002-03 Ranji Trophy, against Punjab. From the upper-middle order, he scored 23 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a duck in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20897511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897511" title="Gerald Eastmure">
Gerald Eastmure

Gerald Eastmure (24 January 1917 — 31 December 1996) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Assam. He was born in Ealing and died in Mauritius.
Eastmure made two appearances for the team in the Ranji Trophy, scoring 5 runs on his debut in an innings defeat against Holkar, and in his second match, two seasons later, scoring 22 and 36 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20897517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897517" title="Convergence (Dave Douglas album)">
Convergence (Dave Douglas album)

Convergence is the 12th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1999 and features performances by Douglas, Mark Feldman, Erik Friedlander, Drew Gress and Michael Sarin.
Reception.
"The Penguin Guide to Jazz" selected this album as part of its suggested Core Collection.
The Allmusic review by Alex Henderson awarded the album 4½ stars stating "You can hear a variety of influences in Douglas' playing -- everyone from Lester Bowie and Don Cherry to Miles Davis and Booker Little -- but "Convergence" leaves no doubt that he is very much an original himself".

</doc>
<doc id="20897523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897523" title="Walter L. Dodge House">
Walter L. Dodge House

The Walter L. Dodge House in West Hollywood, California, was an architecturally significant home, designed by Irving Gill in the Early Modern style. Though the Dodge House received significant recognition from architectural experts, it was targeted for redevelopment. A long preservation effort to shield it from the wrecking ball ultimately failed, ending with complete demolition in 1970. The Dodge House was replaced by apartments.
American architectural historian William Jordy and the American Institute of Architects ranked it among the 15 most architecturally significant American houses.
Design and early reaction.
The 16-room house was designed by Gill in 1914 and built between 1914 and 1916 for Walter Luther Dodge, maker of "Tiz," a patented medicine for tired feet. The reinforced-concrete house blended Spanish Mission and Modern architectural styles. It also incorporated many technological innovations, including a kitchen-sink garbage disposal; an automatic car wash in the garage; plain, flush doors that swung on hidden hinges or slid into walls; a central vacuum cleaning system; sheet-metal doors; natural and unadorned (simply polished) wood surfaces indoors; and skylights and windows that provided for luminous sunlit interiors.
The Dodge House was considered one of Gill's finest works, "revealing a functional asymmetry whose ornament was derived solely from the studied geometry of the sharp openings in plain walls." In 1921, "House Beautiful" published a profile of the Dodge House and noted:"This house, though unmistakably Californian, nevertheless exemplifies certain bold and novel ideas in design, construction and decoration that make it notable, even in this land where originality in architecture is to be expected... It is without ornament save that furnished by vines, for he believes beauty should be organic and that no amount of ornament can redeem a badly designed structure. There is not even an overhanging roof to break the severity of the exterior, and as may be seen in the photograph, there is a distinction, a dignity about it that is classic. Mr Gill thinks there is nothing more arrestingly beautiful than a plain wall across which move cloud shadows or a silhouette of flower, and that no carving or frescoing could more perfectly finish a doorway or window than a vine or creeper."
History.
1920s through early 1960s.
Walter Dodge used the house as his retirement home until 1924, when he sold it to T. Morrison McKenna for $125,000.
In 1939, the Los Angeles Board of Education acquired the property in a contested condemnation action, and the house was never again put to full use. The Board paid McKenna $69,000 for the property and planned to build a high school or junior high school on the site. In 1951, however, the Board determined that a school was not needed in the area. The house was used briefly from 1961-1962 by the Fairfax High School adult education program.
Preservation efforts.
Two developments began the process toward demolition. First, in 1963, the Board of Education declared the property a "surplus." Second, the following year, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors rezoned the property to R-4, increasing the allowable development from eight to 200 units, making the site attractive for high-density, large apartment-building construction.
To protect the building from demolition, local residents and architects formed the "Citizens' Committee to Save the Dodge House." Under pressure from this group, the Board of Education turned down a $820,000 offer in September 1965 from a bidder unwilling to pledge to save the house. The Board of Education gave the Citizens' Committee several months to arrange for the sale of the property to a public agency, or else propose another means of saving it.
Preservation efforts were stymied by public perception that, despite the opinions of architectural experts, the Dodge House was unremarkable. A writer in the "Los Angeles Times" noted that it could pass for a far more recent home and summed up the rationale for the public apathy toward it as follows:"In some ways, it's a house only an architect would love. Nothing noteworthy ever happened there, and it's not really old enough to claim historical status. Visually, it has neither the charm nor nostalgia of a 'period piece,' nor the spectacularly expressive design of many 'modern' residences. From the outside, it seems quite ordinary: two stories high, flat roofed, with undecorated white walls, simple rectangular metal windows, and a few arches to remind the viewer that he is in Los Angeles and not somewhere else."
In March 1966, the Board of Education sold the property to Beverly Hills financier Bart Lytton for $800,000. In May 1967, Lytton announced a $2.4 million development plan for the site. His scheme would have preserved the Dodge House and added on site seven separate three-story buildings, housing a total of 48 studio apartments. When Lytton's plan was announced, the "Los Angeles Times" headline read: "Saving of Dodge House Assured by Financier." But Lytton's plan fell apart when his business began declining. His toppled from control of his company, which the Equitable Savings & Loan Association acquired. The "Los Angeles Times" noted that, with the ouster of Lytton, the Dodge House "lost its protector."
Efforts to block demolition continued into the late 1960s, as the American Institute of Architects sought a Federal open-space grant to save the house. Famed architect Richard Neutra noted that the Dodge House was required study for architecture students throughout the world, and declared that demolition of the Dodge House would "not be a passing event ... it would become and epic, an international scandal." The "Los Angeles Times" pled: "Let this generation of Angelenos not be remembered as one that betrayed its successors for a few dollars."
Demolition and replacement with apartments.
In November 1969, a lawsuit by the Citizens' Committee, seeking to stop the sale of the Dodge House, was rejected, and the house was sold to Riviera Management Company. The new owner demolished the house during a drenching rainstorm on February 9, 1970. On learning of the demolition, architect Kurt Meyer, who had fought for seven years to save the house, said, "This is like slashing a Rembrandt with a razor." The bulldozing of the Dodge House has been called one of "the most shameful chapters in L.A.'s legacy of self-destruction," and "The New York Times" called it a "tragic commentary on how we throw our national heritage away."
Apartments were built on the site.
Lasting acclaim.
Critical acclaim for the Dodge House has continued despite the demolition. Examples of the critical response include the following:
Bemoaning the loss of the Dodge House, the "Daily News" wrote in 1991: "Mention the name Irving J. Gill, and anyone who values our local architectural heritage is bound to rant and fume. Here was one of our true cultural pioneers ... Gill's dream for a California architectural style was not the grandiose exotic palaces of a Frank Lloyd Wright; he designed for humans, on a human scale. And now most of his best work has been lost. ... His gorgeous Dodge House in West Hollywood is long gone."
In December 2008, a panel of experts selected by the Los Angeles Times selected the Walter Dodge House as one of the top ten houses in Southern California. The "Times" wrote: "Hard to believe this Modernist treasure was torn down to make way for apartments, but it happened 38 years ago, when historic preservation was still an exotic notion here. ... Nowadays, Gill's historic home survives only through photographs, memory and reputation."

</doc>
<doc id="20897535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897535" title="Al Jalila Children's Specialty Hospital">
Al Jalila Children's Specialty Hospital

Al Jalila Bint Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum Hospital (Al Jalila Children's Specialty Hospital) is a children's hospital ordered to be built by Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum as a gift to the children of the UAE to celebrate his daughter Al Jalila’s first birthday on Tuesday 2 December 2008. The first phase is to be opened in 2013.
The hospital will be located in Dubai and will have 200 beds and will also include a pediatric trauma centre, heart centre, transplant unit, surgical departments, outpatient clinics, dialysis unit and oncology care, news agency WAM reported.

</doc>
<doc id="20897551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897551" title="Massachusetts gubernatorial election, 2010">
Massachusetts gubernatorial election, 2010

The Massachusetts gubernatorial election of 2010 was held on November 2, 2010. Incumbent Democratic Governor Deval Patrick was re-elected to a second term. Also competing were the Republican Party nominee, businessman Charlie Baker; independent candidate and State Treasurer Tim Cahill; and Green-Rainbow Party nominee and physician Jill Stein. Party primaries were held on September 14, though all four candidates ran unopposed in their respective primaries. Tim Murray, who ran on a ticket with Patrick, was re-elected Lieutenant Governor.
Republican nomination.
Ahead of the April 2010 Republican party convention, many delegates preferred Harvard Pilgrim CEO Charlie Baker to be the Republican nominee, however, there was support for State Senator Bob Hedlund, former State Treasurer Joseph D. Malone (who declined to instead run for Congress), and former Lieutenant Governor Kerry Healey. In early 2009, two "draft" websites appeared encouraging Baker and U.S. Attorney Michael Sullivan to run for governor. Christy Mihos announced his bid for governor on April 25, 2009 as a Republican; in 2006 he ran as an independent. Baker announced his candidacy on July 8, 2009, and went on to win the nomination at the state Republican Party convention, freeing him of a primary challenge from Christy Mihos, with 89 percent of the vote. Richard R. Tisei was Baker's running mate.
Democratic nomination.
Incumbent governor Deval Patrick was opposed for the Democratic nomination by Grace Ross, the 2006 Green-Rainbow nominee for Governor.
On June 1, 2010, Ross withdrew from the race when she could not garner the amount of signatures needed to run, leaving Patrick as the only candidate in the primary race going into the June 5 Democratic State Convention. Incumbent Lieutenant Governor Tim Murray was again his running mate.
General election.
Defection of Loscocco.
On October 1, 2010, Loscocco announced that he would withdraw from the race and endorse Republican candidate Charlie Baker. Loscocco formally remained on the ballot, however. On October 7, Cahill filed a lawsuit against four former campaign aides, alleging that they conspired to undermine his candidacy and help Charlie Baker by arranging his defection. Cahill claimed that e-mails between Republican political consultants and Loscocco's top aide suggested that Loscocco may have been enticed to leave the ticket by future job promises. In response, Loscocco claimed that Cahill's top aide was coordinating strategy with the Patrick campaign and the Democratic Governors' Association and thus was never actually an independent effort.
Lottery ad.
Soon after Cahill filed suit against him, Adam Meldrum, Cahill's former campaign manager, alleged that Cahill colluded with the Massachusetts Lottery, which is overseen by the state treasurer's office, to run an ad favorable to him during the campaign. The ad, paid for by the Commonwealth, described the Massachusetts Lottery "the most successful state lottery America" and "consistently well-managed", echoing themes from Cahill's gubernatorial campaign. Both Cahill and Massachusetts Lottery Director Mark Cavanagh denied the allegations. On October 18, e-mails released in conjunction with Cahill's lawsuit appeared to reveal that the campaign attempted to have the Lottery air a series of ads that praised the lottery's management. In the e-mails, Cahill's campaign media strategist Dane Strother told Meldrum to "Get the Lottery immediately cutting a spot and get it up...Needs to focus on the Lottery being the best in the country and above reproach." Two days later, Cahill's senior adviser Scott Campbell wrote, "I think the first thing is to figure out what/where/how we want to do this ... with Lottery people."
On April 2, 2012, Cahill was indicted by a Grand Jury on charges that he used $1.65 million in Massachusetts State Lottery advertising to aid his campaign for governor. On December 12, 2012, a mistrial was declared in the corruption case after the jury failed to reach a verdict on two counts of conspiracy.
Fundraising.
As of October 31, 2010. Shading indicates candidate with the highest amount.

</doc>
<doc id="20897554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897554" title="E'Twaun Moore">
E'Twaun Moore

E'Twaun Donte Moore (born February 25, 1989) is an American professional basketball guard with the Orlando Magic of the NBA. He was drafted by the Boston Celtics in the 2011 NBA Draft after playing college basketball at Purdue University. In high school, he led East Chicago's Central High School to a state championship.
He was a Second-Team All-Big Ten selection as both a freshman and a sophomore and a First-Team All-Big Ten selection as a junior and a senior for Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball. He was a two-time Academic All-Big Ten selection, as well as a Second-Team Academic All-American selection at the conclusion of the 2009–10 Big Ten Conference regular season. As a junior, as well, he was named a Yahoo! Sports Third-Team All-American and an AP Honorable Mention All-American. He repeated as an AP honorable mention selection and was named NABC Third Team-All America as a senior.
High school career.
East Chicago (2003–2007).
Moore played high school basketball at Central High School in East Chicago, where he averaged 21.2 points, 5.5 rebounds and 3.3 assists per game during his senior year. That same season, along with 6'11" teammate Ángel García, he led his team to the 2007 4A State Championship by scoring 28 points against Indianapolis North Central High School, which starred 2007 Indiana Mr. Basketball and current NBA player, Eric Gordon. Moore earned the tournament's Trester Award. Moore was named to the Indiana All-Star Team.
Recruitment.
Moore was ranked as the number eight high school basketball shooting guard in the nation by Scout.com. Rivals.com ranked him as the number seven shooting guard in the nation, the second best player in Indiana (to Gordon) and the 35th best player in the nation. Hoopmaster.com ranked him as the 26th best player in the nation, sixth best shooting guard and second best Indianan. ESPN evaluated him as a point guard and rated him as the 4th best point guard and 20th best player in the nation.
He received scholarship offers from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Miami, Tennessee, and Virginia Tech. Following Indiana's struggles with head coach, Mike Davis' resignation, Purdue swept the best talent from the Indiana class of 2007. Moore was expected to make the transition to the next level and contribute immediately. As a top 40 recruit, he joined Robbie Hummel, Scott Martin and JaJuan Johnson as part of the nations number 5 and 6 ranked recruiting class according to Scout.com and Rivals.com, respectively. Moore, Hummel and Martin were teammates in the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) basketball program and were united with Johnson on the Indiana State All-Star squad.
College career.
2007–2008.
Moore attended Purdue University to play under head coach Matt Painter. He became roommates with fellow freshman teammate, Robbie Hummel, and shared a common bathroom with JaJuan Johnson and Scott Martin. On February 4, 2008, Moore was named "co-Big Ten Player of the Week" for his efforts against the Iowa Hawkeyes and the Illinois Fighting Illini on January 30 and February 2. He led the "baby boilers" in scoring with 12.9 points a game, becoming the first true freshman in Boilermaker history to lead in that category. He broke the Purdue freshmen record with most three point field goals made with 66. Chris Lutz had previously set the record for the when he finished with 53. He also reached second place among Purdue Freshmen in total points scored with 437 behind Russell Cross' 540. Moore helped lead Purdue to a 2nd straight NCAA Tournament appearance, losing to a senior-led team in the Second Round after defeating the Baylor Bears, and led the Boilers to a 25–9 overall record. He was named a "Second Team All-Big Ten" selection, while selected to the "Big Ten All-Freshmen Team".
2008–2009.
Moore finished his sophomore season for the 2008–09 Boilermakers as the leading scorer for the team again and ranked second in assists as well as third in rebounds. He earned his second conference player of the week award on December 1, 2008 following his performance in the final week of the 2008 NIT Season Tip-Off, where he helped Purdue finish second in the 16-team field. In the semifinals at Madison Square Garden, he led the team to a 71–64 victory of Boston College with 19 points. Then, in the championship game, he helped the team reach overtime against Oklahoma despite Blake Griffin's double double by scoring 22 points. He scored in double figures 30 times (23–7), including three 20+ point performances (1–2). He helped lead the Boilers to an 11–2 preseason record and an 11–7 record in conference play. Moore scored a season high 26 points against Indiana and recorded two double-doubles in league play. He was named "Second Team All-Big Ten". He was also recognized as an Conference All-Academic selection. He helped lead Purdue to its first Big Ten Tournament Championship in school history and was one of three Boilers to be named to the all-conference tournament team. Moore then led them to the program's 2009 NCAA Tournament, its third straight appearance and onto its first Sweet Sixteen appearance in 9 years. Moore played in 1,222 minutes on the season, the second most in school history behind Joe Barry Carroll's 1,235 in the 1979–80 season. The 37 games in which he appeared in is a season-school record, which he shares with JaJuan Johnson, Marcus Green and Keaton Grant.
2009–2010.
To start the 2009–10 season, Moore was named a preseason candidate for the John R. Wooden Award along with teammate, Robbie Hummel. With a 22 point performance against Tennessee and being named the 2009 Paradise Jam Tournament MVP, he became the 43rd Boilermaker to score his 1,000th career point. He helped lead Purdue to a 14–0 season start, which tied the Glenn Robinson-led 1993–94 team as the best start in school history. He was named to the "District 5 First Team Academic All-District Team", as selected by "ESPN The Magazine" and College Sports Information Directors of America, making him one of 40 finalists for the 15-man Academic All-American team, in which he was eventually selected as a "Second Team Academic All-American". E'Twaun had a 28-game double-digit scoring streak that extended from November 20 – March 3. The streak consisted of eight 20+ point performances, which included a career high 28 points on March 12, 2010 in the quarterfinals of the 2009 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament against Northwestern. Leading Purdue in scoring with 16.5 points a game and shooting beyond the arc at 34.3 percent, he was also second on the team with 2.7 assists per outing behind Lewis Jackson's 3.5 mark. With a 14–4 record in conference play, Moore helped Purdue to its share of the first Big Ten Conference regular season title in fourteen years. Moore was named a "First Team All-Big Ten" selection by both the coaches and the media at the conclusion of the regular season. He was selected by the U.S. Basketball Writers Association to the 10-man All-District V team covering college basketball players in the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin. Moore was a "Third-Team All-American" selection by Yahoo! Sports and an "Honorable Mention All-American" by the Associated Press., while being recognized as an "All-District First-Team" selection by the National Association of Basketball Coaches. Moore led Purdue to a 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament, culminating with a consecutive Sweet Sixteen after beating Siena and Texas A&M. Eventually losing to Duke for the second time in his career, he led Purdue to a 29–6 record, which tied for the most season wins in school history. He concluded the season sixth in the Big Ten Conference in scoring (teammates Hummel and Johnson finished seventh and eighth) and ninth in steals. With 93 assists to go along with his scoring, he is only the third boilermaker to lead the team in total points and assists since Larry Weatherford did in the 1970–1971 season. He is the first person to lead the team in scoring three straight seasons since Troy Lewis did in the late-eightees. He earned repeat recognition as an "Academic All-Big Ten" selection.
2010–2011.
After being named "First Team All-Big Ten" in his junior season, Moore decided to enter the 2010 NBA Draft along with teammate JaJuan Johnson. On the deadline of May 8, both players decided to pull out of the draft and return for their senior seasons. E'Twaun began his senior season as a "Preseason First Team All-Big Ten" selection by the Big Ten media for the 2010–11 Big Ten Conference men's basketball season., a preseason top 50 candidate for the Wooden Award and a candidate for the Lowe's Senior CLASS Award. On November 26, 2010, Moore recorded his first 30-point game performance when he scored 31 points by going 9 of 18 from the floor against Southern Illinois. E'Twaun had another 31 point performance New Year's Eve against Northwestern, which included a career-high of 7 made three-point field goals in a game. He recorded season highs of 7 assists against Alcorn State on November 17, 9 rebounds (4 times), and 4 steals against Austin Peay. On January 3, he was named "Co-Big Ten Player of the Week". In early-mid January, Moore went cold, making only 15 of his 57 shot attempts from the floor, while not attempting a single free throw in four games (2–2). On February 20, Moore led #11 Purdue with a career-high 38 points over #3 Ohio State, which included a career-high 7 three-point field goals, while scoring his 2,000th career point. It was the most points scored by a Boilermaker in a single game since Glenn Robinson in 1994. The performance earned Moore "Big Ten Player of the Week" recognition. Moore was named one of ten finalists for the Lowe's Senior Class Award, as well as selected to both the midseason Naismith Award and midseason Wooden Award top-30 lists. Moore helped lead #9 Purdue to a 2nd place finish in conference play with a 14-4 record and 25-6 overall. Moore was again selected for the "First-Team All-Big Ten" along with teammate JaJuan Johnson. Moore was also a National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) Division I District 7 All‐District second team choice. Since the Big Ten Conference was its own district, this is equivalent to being named second team All-Big Ten by the NABC. Moore was selected by the United States Basketball Writers Association to its 2010–11 Men's All-District Team. Moore was among the 20 players on the final ballot for the John R. Wooden Award. Moore finished his senior year averaging career highs of 18 points (2nd on team), 5.1 rebounds (2nd), 3.2 assists (2nd), and .5 blocks. He shot 44.7 from the floor, 71 percent from the line, and 40 percent from beyond the arc. He scored 20+ points in eleven games, including three 30+ point games. The National Association of Basketball Coaches named Moore a third team All-American Selection, and he was picked as a Third Team All-American by Fox Sports. The Associated Press named Moore an honorable mention.
Career notes.
E'Twaun Moore became the third player in Big Ten history to tally 2,000 points (2,136), 500 rebounds (611), and 400 assists (400) in a career, joining Michigan State's Steve Smith, and Penn State's Talor Battle. He left Purdue being the third highest scorer, trailing only Rick Mount and Joe Barry Carroll. E'Twaun holds program records with most minutes played (4,517), three-point field-goals made (243), games won (107), games played (140), and starts (137). He led Purdue in scoring in each of his first three seasons (2008, 2009, 2010). Moore had career averages of 15.3 points, 4.4 rebounds, 2.9 assists, 1.2 steals, .5 blocks, and shot 44 percent from the field, 73 percent from the line, and 38 percent beyond the arc during his time at Purdue.
Professional career.
Boston Celtics (2011–2012).
Moore was selected with the 55th overall in the 2nd round of the 2011 NBA Draft by the Boston Celtics. Due to the lockout, Moore signed a deal with Italy's Benetton Treviso that featured an opt-out clause that let him return to the Celtics once the lockout ended. On December 9, 2011 Moore signed a guaranteed contract with the Celtics. He debuted briefly (for less than 1 minute) in the Celtics' season-opener against the New York Knicks on Christmas Day. He posted his first rebound and assist on December 28 against the Charlotte Bobcats. He scored his first points on January 4, 2012 against the New Jersey Nets. He got significant minutes for the first time in a game against the Indiana Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in his home state, when he played 20 minutes. In the subsequent weeks with Keyon Dooling and Sasha Pavlovic injured he often received a significant amount of playing time. He recorded 16 points on January 26, 2012, against the Orlando Magic, going 4–4 from distance. On April 24, Moore established a career high of 7 rebounds against the Miami Heat.
Orlando Magic (2012–present).
On July 20, 2012, Moore was traded to the Houston Rockets in a three team deal between the Celtics, Rockets and Portland Trail Blazers that sent Moore, JaJuan Johnson, Sean Williams and Jon Diebler to the Rockets, Courtney Lee to the Celtics and Sasha Pavlović to the Trail Blazers . He was waived by the Rockets shortly afterwards. On September 6, 2012, he signed with the Orlando Magic. With Jameer Nelson and Hedo Türkoğlu beginning the season injured for the 2012–13 Orlando Magic, Moore began the 2012–13 NBA season as a starter. Moore posted a career-high 17 points on November 6, 2012 against the Chicago Bulls. He topped this with 18 points on November 6 against the Brooklyn Nets. Nelson returned to the starting lineup on November 16 after missing the first six games of the season. On December 28, Moore suffered an elbow sprain when he and Cartier Martin landed on his arm during a loose ball scramble against the Washington Wizards. The injury made his status day-to-day. Moore was unable to play the following night. He did not practice with the team again until January 13. Moore returned to the lineup the following day. He again scored 18 points to tie his career high on January 28 against the Detroit Pistons. When Nelson incurred a bruised left forearm, Moore returned to the starting lineup on February 2 against the Milwaukee Bucks. As a starter on February 4, he again tied his career high with 18 points against Philadelphia 76ers. Although Nelson returned to the starting lineup after two starts, J. J. Redick was injured prior to the game on February 4 and Arron Afflalo continued to be injured, necessitating Moore's continued role as a starter. On February 13, both Redick and Afflalo returned to the lineup, relegating Moore to a reserve role. On February 21, the Magic traded away Redick, and Nelson was diagnosed with a strained left knee patella tendon. Thus, Moore returned to the starting lineup on February 22. On March 1, Moore posted a career-high 11 assists against the Houston Rockets. On March 5, Nelson returned to the starting lineup.
For the first 15 games of the 2013–14 NBA season, Nelson started at point guard for the Orlando Magic, but on November 29, he missed the game due to injury. Victor Oladipo moved from shooting guard to point guard, while Moore became the starting shooting guard against the San Antonio Spurs. Moore missed some action due to injury with the game against Sacramento on December 21. He returned to the lineup three games later on December 29. On February 18 against the Milwaukee Bucks, Moore had 17 points and 2 blocks, which were season highs.
Personal.
Moore was born in East Chicago, Indiana to parents Ezell and Edna Moore. He has a brother, Ezell, and a sister, Ekeisha.

</doc>
<doc id="20897588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897588" title="Jenniffer Weigel">
Jenniffer Weigel

Jenniffer Colleen Weigel (born October 6, 1970), known professionally as Jenniffer Weigel, is a Chicago television personality, author and performer who owns her own Chicago-area production company. She hosted "Taste", a program aired on NBC affiliates both in New York and in Chicago and now writes a column for the Chicago Tribune. She appears on WGN Television and CLTV in Chicago to discuss her columns as the emcee of Trib University. (www.tribuniversity.com)
Early life and education.
Weigel graduated from Evanston Township High School in Evanston, Illinois and earned a bachelor's degree in theater from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1992.
Professional career.
Weigel began her professional career as an actress, appearing in productions at The Second City Northwest, the Wisdom Bridge Theatre and the National Jewish Theater. She also performed voiceover work.
In 1995, Weigel began working as a traffic reporter for WMVP-AM and WLUP-FM in Chicago. In 1997, she shifted to being solely a news anchor for WMVP-AM, working alongside program hosts like Danny Bonaduce and Steve Cochran. From late 1997 until early 1999, she worked as an entertainment reporter for WGN-TV in Chicago.
In 1999, Weigel and her husband, Clay Champlin, began co-hosting a Saturday evening radio show on WCKG-FM in Chicago. From 2002 until 2003, Weigel co-hosted a Saturday afternoon talk show on WLS-AM in Chicago. She continues to occasionally work as a fill-in radio host on WGN-AM in Chicago.
In 1999, Weigel began working as a free-lance entertainment contributor for WBBM-TV in Chicago. In 2000, she won the job on a full-time basis, and in 2001, she won a Chicago Emmy award for her feature reporting. In 2002, Weigel asked for an early release from her contract with the station after being reassigned to general news reporting duties. After that, Weigel did some free-lance television reporting for ABC News' Chicago bureau and did some commercial and voiceover work. She also formed her own production company, JCW Productions, in 2002.
In 2005, Weigel began hosting and producing a weekly lifestyle magazine show on WMAQ-TV in Chicago called "Taste." 
In 2007, Weigel published her first book, "Stay Tuned; Conversations With Dad From the Other Side", a book about her relationship with her late sportscaster father Tim Weigel and her spiritual attempts to contact him after his death. The next year, Weigel adapted the book into a one-woman show called "I'm Spiritual, Dammit!" at the Viaduct Theatre in Chicago.
Her second book, "I'm Spiritual, Dammit!" was published in October 2010, and is being published in German, French, Spanish and the United Kingdom.
Weigel also has had several acting roles since beginning her television and radio career. In 1999, she played a television reporter in an episode of the series "Early Edition", and in 2001, she played a news anchorwoman in the John Hughes movie "New Port South".
Personal.
Weigel is the daughter of the late Tim Weigel, a longtime Chicago sports anchor and reporter, and his first wife, former WGN-AM radio reporter Kathy Worthington. She also is the sister of noted television sportscaster Rafer Weigel.
In June 1998, Weigel married Clay Champlin, a Chicago radio traffic and news reporter. They had their first child, son Britt Timothy Champlin, on April 14, 2006. They divorced in 2011.
Weigel has said that her parents added an extra "f" in her first name to differentiate her, given how common her first name is.

</doc>
<doc id="20897592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897592" title="Johnson-McConnell agreement of 1966">
Johnson-McConnell agreement of 1966

The Johnson-McConnell agreement of 1966 was an agreement between United States Army Chief of Staff General Harold K. Johnson and United States Air Force Chief of Staff General John P. McConnell on 6 April 1966. The U.S. Army agreed to give up its fixed-wing tactical airlift aircraft, while the U.S. Air Force relinquished its claim to most forms of rotary wing aircraft. The most immediate effect was the transfer of Army DHC-4 Caribou aircraft to the Air Force. 
Background.
The value of tactical air transport had been demonstrated in World War II, proving especially valuable in mountainous and jungle regions of the China-Burma-India and Southwest Pacific theaters. In the 1950s, U.S. Air Force recognized this, and emphasised centralized management and control of airlift resources. At the same time, Army theorists considered the possibility of employing aircraft in the traditional roles of cavalry. In the Army's concept, aircraft were responsible to and under the command of the ground commanders. From the Air Force perspective, 
By 1960, the U.S. Army had 5,500 aircraft, and planned to acquire over 250 CV-2 Caribou aircraft (de Havilland Canada DHC-4 Caribou). The Army's 1962 Howze Board strongly endorsed the airmobility concept, calling for the creation of air assault divisions equipped with organic aircraft, supported by air transport brigades equipped with heavy helicopters and Caribou transports. To the Air Force, this sounded suspiciously like the Army creating a tactical air force of its own.
The U.S. Air Force opposed the introduction of Caribou aircraft to Vietnam, arguing that the C-123 Provider could carry twice the payload over three times the distance. However, the difference between the two aircraft narrowed under operational conditions, since fuel had to be traded off against payload, and the C-123 required of runway for take-off, as opposed to the Caribou's . Once in Vietnam, the Caribou's ability to operate into short, unimproved strips soon proved its worth. Starting in July 1962, Caribous began flying two or three sorties per day into Lao Bao a remote camp that was inaccessible to C-123s. By the end of 1965, there were 88 Caribou aircraft in Vietnam, and the Army was considering a proposal to procure 120 CV-7 Buffalo aircraft – something the Air Force viewed as a costly duplication of the C-123.
In 1966, the U.S. Air Force began to deploy CH-3 helicopters to Vietnam, on the "informal understanding" that "the Air Force would not attempt to deliver supplies to the Army by helicopter" but "critical shortages of Chinooks temporarily ended doctrinal rigidity". Air Force helicopters found themselves employed on a variety of tasks requiring heavy helicopters beyond their intended role in special air warfare.
The Agreement.
In late 1965, private negotiations began between Generals McConnell and Johnson over the transfer of Caribou and Buffalo aircraft to the Air Force. These were encouraged by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Earle Wheeler, who wished to avoid involving the Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara, or the Joint Chiefs of Staff (where the other two services might exert their influence). 
The text of the agreement, formally signed by McConnell and Johnson on 6 April 1966, read:
Outcome.
The agreement was not warmly received by either service. Many Army officers felt that the Army had traded a real and valuable capability (the Caribous) for "empty guarantees of the status quo in helicopters". For its part, the Air Force was now responsible for manning and funding an aircraft that it had long opposed in return for renouncing rotary winged aircraft. Should technological progress ever favor such aircraft, then the Air Force would be in serious trouble.
In the short term, the agreement ushered in an era of "lukewarm cooperation" between the two services, and relief for the Army's critical pilot shortage; but the implications stretched far into the future. Once the war in Vietnam ended, the Air Force soon transferred all the C-7s and C-123s to the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve. The Advanced Medium STOL Transport project was eventually cancelled, the Air Force arguing that surface-to-air missiles made tactical airlift too dangerous.

</doc>
<doc id="20897594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897594" title="Eupselia beatella">
Eupselia beatella

Eupselia beatella is a species of the Oecophoridae family that occurs in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20897602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897602" title="Gayathri Girish">
Gayathri Girish

Gayathri Girish is amongst the leading Carnatic vocalists of today . An exemplary degree of dedication, coupled with an intrinsic leaning towards Carnatic Music, has propelled vocalist Gayathri to the forefront of the classical music domain. Grounded firmly in the roots of classicism, her concerts are more often than not, steeped in improvisational features, be it a seldom heard composition or a Pallavi designed with creativity. Initially trained by Sri Vaigal Gnanaskandan of the Semmangudi school, Gayathri has imbibed some of her boundless Manodharma from the training under veteran Padma Bhushan, Sangeetha Kalanidhi Madurai Sri TN Seshagopalan. She has also been fortunate to have learnt the violin for a few years from the legendary Lalgudi Sri G Jayaraman and Smt T Rukmini. Ever since making her debut in 1986, Gayathri has received accolades in substantial measure from both the lay listeners and erudite critics. Her repertoire is particularly impressive, with songs ranging from Tamil Tevaram hymns and Divya Prabhandams to Purandaradasar Devarnamas.Oothukkadu Venkatakavi Kritis, Mahakavi Subramanya Bharathiyar songs, compositions of Muthiah Bhagavathar, Papanasam Sivan and Ambujam Krishna all find a place in her song lists.
Lec dems and other interesting concerts.
An A-Grade panel artist of AIR Chennai, Gayathri has given quite a number of interesting and non-routine concerts such as Jugalbandis with Hindustani musicians, vocal performances with Thavil accompaniment, one Raga – one Kriti concerts (that call for highest levels of Manodharma) and numerous thematic concerts on topics like Shanmatam and Nava Vidha Bhakthi. She has also given several lecture demonstrations on topics such as “Complex Pallavis”, “Music and Mathematics” and “Structural Variations in Compositions since the Trinity”. She has given performances extensively both in India and abroad. She is a regular performer in all leading Sabhas in Chennai including the Madras Music Academy. Some of her concerts outside India encompass recitals at Cleveland, Singapore, Russia, Colombo, Muscat and London. She has also appeared in TV shows and has recently undertaken an archival project of Divya Prabandams by Doordarshan.
Albums and Awards.
Awards and recognition are always natural consequences of disciplined efforts and sustained excellence. Some of the awards received by Gayathri include
A number of her live concerts have been released commercially as albums. Vaishnavam, Aarupadai Veedu Kshetra and a delectable Raga Manjari are some of her recent recordings.
Person.
A gold medalist at college, Gayathri has a post graduate degree in Computer Applications. She also maintains an active blog through which she interacts with Rasikas.

</doc>
<doc id="20897613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897613" title="Khyber Medical University">
Khyber Medical University

Khyber Medical University, in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan, is first public sector medical university. It was established in January 2007 with jurisdiction on the entire province including the Federally Administered Tribal Areas. 
The motto of KMU is “Service to Humanity by striving for excellence in medical education and research as well as for providing medical students with state-of-the-art knowledge, skills and technology to deliver the highest standards of health care for the region." Degrees awarded are MBBS (Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery) and BDS (Bachelor of Dental Surgery).
Constituent institutes.
Institute of Health Professions Education and Research
Institute of paramedical Sciences
Institute of Nursing
The Institute of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation (IPM&R) is the only institute in the public sector in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa which offers a four-year (eight-semester) graduate course in Physiotherapy.
Its existence can be correlated with the earthquake which occurred in October 2005 in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and some districts of Azad Jammu and Kashmir in Pakistan and lead to mass destruction of human lives. More than 700 of the victims became either paraplegic or quadriplegic. This increased demand of qualified physiotherapists in the province as well as in Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
Khyber Medical University took a bold step and established IPM&R to produce qualified physiotherapist in the province. The course was started on 12 January 2009 headed by pioneer physiotherapist of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Institute of Basic Medical Sciences is in the pipeline. It will offer M. Phil and PhD programmes in Basic Medical Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20897633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897633" title="Ken Faught">
Ken Faught

Ken Faught (born in Los Angeles) has been involved in motorsports for over two decades. He has served as the editor-in-chief of several national magazines. He is also the co-founder of Pole Position Raceway, a chain of indoor kart tracks in North America.
Career.
In 1984 he met Karel Kramer from Dirt Rider magazine and the two quickly began friends. Kramer convinced Faught to start contributing stories and photography to a weekly motorcycle newspaper called Cycle News to earn money to help cover his racing expenses. Faught also worked part-time at a motorcycle shop called Orange County Cycle in Garden Grove, CA performing miscellaneous tasks for the parts, sales and service departments. In 1985 Kramer introduced Faught to Stu Peters, the founder of Continental Motorsports Club, and it was at CMC events that Faught would hone his skills at a photojournalist. He also teamed up with Mike Koger (the co-founder of Smooth Industries) to make Mini Vues at major amateur motorcycle events on the West Coast. Mini Vues are two-inch long plastic cases that contained an inexpensive magnifying glass and a photographic slide of the racers which Koger and Faught sold for $3 each. Mini Vues were designed to be a way that racers could have a tangible reminder of the day's activities. 
In 1985 Faught became a test rider for Dirt Rider magazine and was also paid to run miscellaneous errands for the editorial staff. It was during this period of his life when Faught met an amateur motorcycle racer named Jeremy McGrath. The pair caravaned to amateur races in California, Nevada and Arizona. McGrath would later become the all-time leader in AMA Supercross wins with a total of 72 main event victories in the 250cc class from 1993-2000. Although Faught has competed in over 700 organized motorcycle races including International F.I.M. Six Days Enduro, A.M.A. National Hare & Hound, C.M.C. Golden State Nationals, N.A.H.A. Pro Hillclimb Series, S.C.T.A. Land Speed Racing, he focused most of his attention on education. He began school seeking a degree in business management, but graduated from Long Beach State University with a B.A. in newspaper journalism and an area of concentration in English. During his 10 years of continued education, Faught worked for CN Publishing as the editor of ATV News, assistant editor of Cycle News, and editor of Personal Watercraft Illustrated. In 1991 Faught was hired by Peterson Publisher to be the Moto! Editor of Dirt Rider magazine, the world's largest off-road motorcycle publication. He eventually served as editor-in-chief of Dirt Rider for eight years, and created several new magazines including MXRacer, ATV Rider and the official AMA Supercross program before leaving the company in 2004. 
While at Dirt Rider he was also the co-host of Motorcyclist Television on Speedvision (now Speed TV) along with Dave Despain. Motorcyclist was a television magazine that focused much of its attention on motorcycle test, performance modifications, and do-it-yourself tips. After two years working on the Speedvision show, Faught was on the creative team of Dirt Rider Adventures for Outdoor Live Network (now Versus network) and once again found himself in front of the camera. As the primary field reporter for the travel show, Faught ventured to Australia, New Zealand, Costa Rica, Peru, Zimbabwe, Canada, mainland Mexico and several exotic places in the United States including Hawaii with long-time friend McGrath. 
In 2004 Faught turned his attention to his passion of photography and focused most of his attention on Studio 38, Inc. Some of his clients included Anheuser-Busch, Hyundai, Saleen, Brosel Design, Medieval Times, Wild Rivers, American Honda, American Suzuki, Kawasaki Motor Corp., Yamaha Motor Corp, KTM Sportmotorcycles, Parts Unlimited, Troy Lee Designs, White Bros., Pro Circuit, FMF, Xtreme, Chuck, Big Gun Exhaust, AXO Sport, Fox Racing, Jamie Little, Go Rhino!, He's also contributed to over 150 international magazines (including FHM, Makes & Models, Racer X, Australasian Dirt Bike, Sport, Los Angeles Times, Sports Illustrated, USA Today, Orange County Register), written six books, and helped produce three instructional with Donnie Bales. In 2005 Faught signed a two-year contract to become Team Makita Suzuki MX PR Coordinator for riders Ricky Carmichael, Davi Millsaps, Broc Hepler, Ivan Tedesco and Sebastien Tortelli. In 2005 Faught also created High Stakes, Inc. with Jason Williams. Faught met Williams in 1988 while practicing motorcross at McGrath's house in Sun City, California. The pair would produce calendars, poker cards and a variety of enthusiast-driven products before embarking on their biggest endeavor of their lifetime. 
In 2005, Williams and Faught created a high-performance indoor kart track in Corona, California called Pole Position Raceway. The pair funded their entire project with cash by selling stock to friends such as McGrath and other celebrity motorcycle racers including three-time World Motocross Champ Greg Albertyn, 8-time ISDE Gold Medalist Dick Burleson, off-road legend Steve Hatch, X-Games Gold Medalist Mike Metzger, and freestyle rider Trevor Vines. The success of Pole Position Raceway was immediate and within a year they had a second track in Oklahoma City which opened in September 2006. The following year the team opened a third facility in Murrieta, California and a fourth track in Las Vegas, Nevada. For the Vegas track, Faught and Williams partnered with Brad Mark, a former General Manager for Richard Petty Enterprises who ran a NASCAR driving experience course that allowed customers to speed up to 160 mph in a real race car. After many discussions on long-term growth, and a deep recession in 2008, the trio formed a franchise company called P2R Karting, Inc. in order to grow the sport of indoor karting in North America. As of December 2013, P2R Karting had six open franchise locations in Jersey City, Dallas, Houston, St. Louis, Syracuse and Buffalo.
Faught is also an experience private pilot and has flown to every corner of the continental United States along with the Hawaiian islands of Oahu and Maui.
Television.
While at Dirt Rider, Faught was also involved with the creation of Motorcyclist on Speedvision, a network that is now known as Speed TV. Motorcyclist was a television magazine that documented motorcycle tests, product reviews, and mechanical tips. In 2002, Faught helped created Dirt Rider Adventures for the Outdoor Life Network. This was a travel show that took Faught off-road motorcycle riding in New Zealand, Australia, Costa Rica, Zimbabwe, South Africa, mainland Mexico, Peru, Canada, and more. It was also during this time that Faught appeared on CBS' 60 Minutes II with AMA Supercross champions Jeremy McGrath, Ricky Johnson and Ricky Carmichael. Along the way Faught has also appeared on ESPN, NBC, CBS, KTLA & Fox. He was also a stuntman in a motorcycle movie titled Winners Take All.
Personal life.
Ken married his wife Amy Beth Harris on October 10, 1992. They had a baby girl, Hannah Kaitlyn Faught, on March 4, 1996. A son, Wyatt Christian Faught, was born September 19, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20897646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897646" title="Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and his Travelling Circus">
Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and his Travelling Circus

The Adventures of Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and His Travelling Circus is a fantasy novel by best selling author Clive Barker. It is composed of four interwoven stories penned by Clive Barker during his teenage years in the Winter of 1974 that have never seen print in any form. The book was published by Bad Moon Books in April 2009.
The book contains illustrations by Richard A. Kirk. The book was printed in limited quantities.
Editions.
This book was available in four different editions. All editions were signed by Clive Barker.

</doc>
<doc id="20897655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897655" title="Yadanabon University">
Yadanabon University

Yadanabon University ( ) is a public liberal arts and sciences university in Mandalay, Myanmar. Located in the outskirts of Mandalay in Amarapura by Taungthaman Lake, the university offers bachelor's and master's degree programs in liberal arts and sciences, mostly to students from Mandalay suburbs and vicinity.
History.
Yadanabon University was opened in 2000 as Yadanabon College in Amarapura in southern Mandalay to serve students from the city's surround suburbs. The move was widely believed to be part of the Burmese military government's plan to disperse university students across many universities and colleges around the country. All "arts and science" universities in Myanmar, attended by the bulk of the university students, were closed down from December 1996 to July 2000, following student demonstrations in Yangon. When the universities reopened in 2000, students who would have attended Mandalay University in central Mandalay now have to attend Yadanabon University.
In 2003, Yadanabon College was "upgraded" to Yadanabon University by the military government. The first convocation of the Yadanabon University was held in January 2003. The university conferred degrees on 4,148 graduates.
Programs.
Classified as an Arts and Science university in the Burmese university education system, Yadanabon University offers bachelor's and master's degree programs in common liberal arts and sciences disciplines. Its regular Bachelor of Arts (BA) and Bachelor of Science (BSc) degrees take three years to complete and honors degree programs BA (Hons) and BSc (Hons) take four years. The master's degree programs take two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20897676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897676" title="Hypogée des Dunes">
Hypogée des Dunes

L'Hypogée des Dunes is an underground chapel (Hypogeum) in Poitiers, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20897682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897682" title="Alex Morgan">
Alex Morgan

Alexandra Patricia "Alex" Morgan (born July 2, 1989) is an American soccer player and Olympic gold medalist. She is a forward for National Women's Soccer League club Portland Thorns FC and the U.S. Women's National Team. Morgan was drafted number one overall in the 2011 WPS Draft by the Western New York Flash where she made her professional debut. She was the youngest player on the U.S. roster at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. Her record-breaking game-winning goal in the 123rd minute against Canada during the 2012 London Olympics was her 20th goal in 2012 and propelled her to becoming the sixth and youngest U.S. player to do so in a single year. Morgan finished 2012 with 28 goals and 21 assists, joining Mia Hamm as the only American women to score 20 goals and 20 assists in the same calendar year. She was subsequently named U.S. Soccer Female Athlete of the Year and was a FIFA World Player of the Year finalist.
Off the field, Morgan has a deal with Simon & Schuster to write a middle-grade book series about four soccer players entitled "The Kicks". The first book in the series, "Saving the Team" (ISBN 1442485701), debuted at number seven on the "The New York Times" Best Seller list for Children's Middle Grade in May 2013. Her second book, "Sabotage Season", was released in September 2013.
Early life.
Born to Pamela S. (née Jeske) and Michael T. Morgan, she was raised in Diamond Bar, California with her two older sisters, Jeni and Jeri. She was a multi-sport athlete growing up, but did not begin playing club soccer until she was 14. Within three years she was called into the U-17 and U-20 national team. She attended Diamond Bar High School, where she was a three-time all-league pick and was named an NSCAA All-American.
Cal Bears.
Morgan attended the University of California, Berkeley from 2007 to 2010 on a scholarship.
As a freshman playing for the California Bears, she was the leading scorer. Her last goal of her freshman season came against Stanford in the second round of the 2007 NCAA Tournament, tying the game at 1–1 with less than two minutes left in regulation time and forcing the Cardinal into overtime and then to penalty kicks. Despite continued absences due to U.S. national team commitments (2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup and then the senior team) throughout her collegiate career, she still led the team in scoring and to the NCAA Tournament in each of her four years, advancing to the second round twice.
After being named a candidate for the Hermann Trophy during her junior year, Morgan became the first California player to be named one of the top-three Hermann Trophy finalists. She was also one of four finalists for the Honda Sports Award, given to the best overall candidate in each sport.
Morgan finished her collegiate career ranked third all-time in goals scored (45) and points (107) for the Golden Bears. She graduated from UC Berkeley one semester early, with a degree in Political Economy.
Playing career.
Club.
Western New York Flash, 2011.
On January 14, 2011, Morgan was the first overall pick in the 2011 WPS Draft by the Western New York Flash. She was the first California Golden Bears women's soccer player to be drafted in the first round of Women's Professional Soccer. Morgan scored her first goal for the Flash during the team's 3–0 defeat of the Atlanta Beat on May 1, 2011. Throughout the regular season, she played in 14 matches and scored four goals. The club won the regular season title and the WPS Championship title the same year.
Portland Thorns FC, 2013–present.
On January 11, 2013, Morgan was one of three U.S. national team players to join the Portland Thorns FC for the inaugural season of the National Women's Soccer League via the NWSL Player Allocation. She scored her first goal for the Thorns during the team's home-opener at Jeld-Wen Field in front of 16,479 spectators helping her team defeat the Seattle Reign FC 2–1. She finished the regular season as the team's point leader, and joint scoring leader (with Christine Sinclair), with eight goals and five assists (21 points). She was named to the NWSL's Best XI Second Team. The club finished in a three-way tie atop the league in the regular season standings. On August 31, 2013, the club captured the inaugural National Women’s Soccer League championship title. Morgan was named to the NWSL Best XI Second team on August 28.
International.
Due to an anterior cruciate ligament injury that slowed her progress in 2007, Morgan was not called up to train with the United States under-20 women's national soccer team until April 2008. Her first appearance for the under-20 team occurred during the 2008 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship in Puebla, Mexico, where she scored her first international goal against .
Morgan was named to the United States U-20 women's national team that competed in the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Chile, scoring a total of four goals in the tournament against , and . Morgan's fourth goal of the tournament was a match-winner that gave the U.S. a gold medal, which subsequently voted the best goal of the tournament, and later FIFA's second-best goal of the year. Morgan's performance on the field earned her the Bronze Shoe as the tournament's third-highest scorer and the Silver Ball as the tournament's second-best player behind teammate Sydney Leroux.
She has been capped by the senior national team, first appearing as a substitute in a match versus in March 2010, and scored her first international goal after coming on as a substitute against , which salvaged a 1–1 draw in October 2010. Her most important goal to date came a month later in a crucial road game against . After entering the match in the 86th minute, she scored in the fourth minute of added time to give the United States a 1–0 victory over Italy in the first leg of a playoff to qualify for the final spot for the Women's World Cup.
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Morgan was the youngest player on the U.S. national team that placed second in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. On July 13, 2011, she scored her first FIFA Women's World Cup goal in the 82nd minute of the semi-final matchup against , giving the USA a 3–1 lead and ultimately, the victory. She scored the first goal (69') in the FIFA World Cup Final against Japan after coming on as a substitute at the half, as well as assisting on the Abby Wambach header (104') for a goal in extra time. Her performance made her the first player to ever record a goal and an assist in a World Cup final. Morgan finished eighth in the balloting for the 2011 FIFA World Player of the Year.
2012 London Olympics.
Morgan didn't become a starter for the U.S. until the fifth game of the year in January, the final of the CONCACAF Olympic qualifying tournament. She scored twice and provided two assists to Wambach that day, in a 4–0 win over the Canadian hosts and has become a regular starter ever since. Morgan scored 14 goals in a 12-game stretch from January to late May 2012, including three straight two-goal efforts. She earned her first career hat-trick on March 7, 2012, during a 4–0 victory against Sweden in the third-place game of the Algarve Cup. In June 2012, she was nominated for an ESPY Award as the Best Breakthrough Athlete.
In the opening game of 2012 London Olympics group play, Morgan scored both the equalizer and the goal that sealed the win against France. In the next three Olympic matches, she assisted on the game-winning goal, including two to Wambach.
Morgan scored the winning goal in the Olympic semifinal match against Canada in extra time, sending the United States to the gold medal match against Japan. Her goal came in the 123rd minute, the latest goal ever scored by a member of the U.S. women's team and a FIFA record. The goal continued her propensity for late heroics in the closing stages of matches. Seventeen of her 28 total goals to date have come after the 60th minute. The game-winning goal was Morgan's team-high 20th in 2012, becoming only the sixth and youngest U.S. player to do so in a single year. In the final, a 2–1 win against Japan on August 9, Morgan assisted on a Carli Lloyd header. She ended the tournament with 3 goals, and a team-high four assists (tied with Megan Rapinoe) and ten points (tied with Rapinoe and Wambach).
To celebrate her achievements, she was honored at her previous high school, Diamond Bar High School, and #13 was retired.
In 2012, Morgan led the U.S. in goals (28), multi-goal games (9), assists (21) and points (77). Her calendar year goals, assists, and points totals are the third-best, tied second-best (one tally shy of record), and second-best, respectively, in U.S. WNT history. Morgan joined an exclusive club as she and Hamm are the only U.S. WNT players to record at least 20 goals and 20 assists in the same calendar year and became only the third and youngest player to reach 20 assists in a calendar year. Morgan and Wambach combined for 55 goals in 2012 – matching a 21 year old record set in 1991 by Michelle Akers (39 goals) and Carin Jennings (16 goals) as the most goals scored by any duo in U.S. WNT history. She had either scored or assisted on 41 percent of the USA's 120 goals this year. And, by herself, she comfortably out-scored and out-assisted her opponents, who combined for 21 goals and 12 assists in 32 games against the U.S.
For her excellence on the field, U.S. Soccer announced Morgan as the 2012 Female Athlete of the Year. Morgan’s exploits have also earned her a place on the FIFA Ballon d’Or shortlist, ultimately finished third in voting.
2013 – present.
At the 2013 Algarve Cup, Morgan shared top-scoring honors. She finished the competition with four assists and three goals, including the equalizer against Sweden that advanced the U.S. to the final and the two goals against Germany that won the championship. Morgan previously won the tournament’s golden boot in 2011. On June 2, 2013, Morgan scored two second half goals as the U.S. defeated Canada 3-0 in front of a sold out crowd in Toronto. This was the first match between USA and Canada since the epic semifinal of the 2012 Olympic Games. Morgan was named to her third appearance on the 10-player short list for FIFA Women’s World Player of the Year in 2013 and finished fourth in the voting. For the inaugural CONCACAF Awards, she was recognized as the CONCACAF 2013 Female Player of the Year. And as a part of US Soccer's celebration of its Centennial anniversary the Federation revealed the US Soccer's All-Time Women's National Team Best XI, she was youngest player selected at 24 years old.
Other work.
In 2012, Morgan signed with Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing to pen "The Kicks", a three-book series for middle schoolers. The main characters are four young girls centered on the themes of friendship, leadership, and soccer. In a statement released by Simon & Schuster, Morgan said she wanted her books to "inspire young girls" and "celebrate" her love of soccer. On September 1, 2012, the publisher set the release date for the first novel, "Saving The Team", on May 14, 2013, and second novel, "Sabotage Season", on September 3, 2013. The first novel, "Saving the Team" (ISBN 1442485701), debuted at number seven on the "The New York Times" Best Seller list for Children's Middle Grade.
Endorsements.
Morgan has signed endorsement deals with Nike, Panasonic, and Coca Cola. In July 2011, she signed a one-year endorsement deal with Bank of America. In September of the same year, she co-starred with national teammate Hope Solo in a television commercial promoting ESPN's "SportsCenter". In January 2012, Morgan and national teammate Heather Mitts became brand ambassadors for health product company, GNC. The same year, she made appearances on behalf of Ubisoft promoting the launch of their video game, "Just Dance 4". In 2013, she appeared in television commercials for Bridgestone. She joined a two-year partnership as the spokesperson for Chapstick in October 2013.
In media.
Morgan has been featured in a number of magazines including the 2012 "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", where she appeared in a section composed of athletes in body paint. She appeared in the 2013 music issue of "ESPN The Magazine" replicating Katy Perry's "One of the Boys" album cover. In 2013, Morgan appeared in the ESPN documentary series, "Nine for IX". The "Nine for IX" documentary, "The 99ers", in which she appeared focused on the success and legacy of the national team squad that won the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Personal life.
Morgan is engaged to Servando Carrasco of the Houston Dynamo, as of December 9, 2013. Although her teammates rarely use it nowadays, Morgan was given the nickname "Baby Horse" by her teammates on the U.S. women's national team for her speed, running style and youth.

</doc>
<doc id="20897692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897692" title="Musée Sainte-Croix">
Musée Sainte-Croix

The Musée Sainte-Croix is the largest museum in Poitiers, France.
Planned by the architect poitevin Jean Monge and built in 1974, it stands at the site of the former Abbaye Sainte-Croix, which was moved to Saint-Benoît, Vienne. It is a constructed of concrete and glass, in the 1970s style.
The museum hosts a permanent exhibition on periods from prehistory to the contemporary art, through the medieval period and the Fine arts. Major works include sculptures of Camille Claudel and Auguste Rodin, the vase of Saint-Savin, paintings by Piet Mondrian and Odilon Redon and the stone sculpture of L'Âme de la France by Charles Marie Louis Joseph Sarrabezolles.

</doc>
<doc id="20897699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897699" title="Alan T. Baker">
Alan T. Baker

Rear Admiral Alan T. Baker, USN, born in Santa Ana, CA, 1956, is a retired American Navy officer who served as the 16th Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps from 2006 to 2009. Chaplain Baker was the first graduate of the United States Naval Academy and former Surface Warfare Officer to serve as a Chaplain Corps Flag Officer. Following his military career, Baker served as Directional Leader at Menlo Park Presbyterian Church, a 4,000-member, multi-campus church in the San Francisco Bay Area, from 2010 to 2012. He is currently principal of Strategic Foundations, providing teaching, coaching and advising organizations on vision development and implementation.
Biography.
Alan "Blues" T. Baker graduated with merit from the United States Naval Academy in 1978 and reported to USS "Brooke" for his first sea tour. He returned to the Naval Academy in 1981 as an instructor in the Department of Professional Development. Answering the call to ministry in 1984, Baker transferred to the Naval Reserve while attending seminary.
Graduating from Fuller Theological Seminary with a Master of Divinity degree in 1987, Baker was ordained by the Reformed Church in America and recalled to active duty as a Navy chaplain. His first Chaplain Corps assignment was as a Ship's Chaplain of USS "Richmond K. Turner" in which he deployed to the Persian Gulf supporting Operation Earnest Will escorts of reflagged Kuwaiti tankers.
Baker reported for service with the United States Marine Corps in 1990. During combat operations to liberate Kuwait in the first Gulf War, he provided ministry in the field to the Marines and supporting units of Marine Aircraft Group 11.
In 1992, Baker began three years on staff at the Naval Chaplains School as primary instructor and administrator for the Chaplain Basic Course providing initial training to newly commissioned Navy Chaplains. Following a tour as chaplain with the United States Coast Guard in New York (1995 to 1998), Baker was ordered to the Staff of the Chief of Navy Chaplains in Washington, D.C. where he served as Branch Head of Chaplain Corps Professional Development.
In 1997 Baker received a Doctorate from Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary in Massachusetts. He has an additional professional subspecialty in Education and Training Management.
In 2001, he reported as Command Chaplain of USS "Harry S. Truman" with additional duties as Carrier Strike Group Chaplain in Operation Enduring Freedom. In 2003, Baker assumed duties as Senior Chaplain Corps detailer at the Bureau of Naval Personnel in Millington, Tennessee where he was responsible for worldwide assignments of chaplains throughout the Sea Services.
In 2004, thirty years after arriving as a Plebe, Baker returned to the United States Naval Academy as Command Chaplain, where he was responsible for religious support to the 4,300-member Brigade of Midshipmen as well as management of the Academy's historic chapels.
In 2006, Baker was promoted to rear admiral (lower half) and became the 16th Chaplain of the Marine Corps, succeeding Rear Admiral Robert Burt, who was promoted to become the U.S. Navy's Chief of Chaplains.
In 2006, Baker attended the Executive Business Course at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California, and in 2007, received an Honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from Grove City College in Pennsylvania.
In 2009, The Navy Times reported that Baker would not be nominated for a second star or be promoted to the position of Chief of Chaplains based on a determination of the Navy's Inspector General that he "reprised against" his former Executive Assistant during the Chaplain Captain promotion board held in early 2008. The Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Roughead described Baker as a “man of character, integrity and honor” in a four-page memo dated June 19.
In 2010, Baker joined the staff of Menlo Park Presbyterian Church in the newly created role of Directional Leader. In this role, Baker partnered with Senior Pastor John Ortberg in casting and executing the vision for the church, which has locations in Menlo Park, San Mateo, and Mountain View, CA.
Baker is a Visiting Fellow at the Institute for Public Service and Policy Development at Nyack College, Washington DC campus, serving in an advisory role on leadership studies. As principal consultant with Strategic Foundations, he also teaches, coaches and advises organizations on vision development and implementation.
Awards and decoration.
Chaplain Baker’s personal decorations include: 
See also.
Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps

</doc>
<doc id="20897702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897702" title="Psycho Cop">
Psycho Cop

Psycho Cop is a 1989 horror film starring Robert R. Shafer as Police Officer Joe Vickers. The film is very similar to "Maniac Cop", though the titular character is not a mutilated monster, unlike "Maniac Cop". Also like the "Maniac Cop" series this film was criticized by the Police Interest Group for what they considered an unrealistic portrayal of police. The film spawned a sequel, "Psycho Cop 2", in 1993. The film is currently unavailable on DVD in Region 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20897703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897703" title="Kigulu-Buzimba">
Kigulu-Buzimba

Kigulu-Buzimba was a Basoga chiefdom in pre-colonial Uganda. It was split off from the principality of Kigulu in 1806 and reunited with it in 1899, after coming under British rule.

</doc>
<doc id="20897704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897704" title="Benjamim Guimarães">
Benjamim Guimarães

The Benjamim Guimarães is a steam paddle boat based in Pirapora, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
It was built at Pittsburgh in the United States by James Rees and Company in 1913, one of a number of similar steamboats built for South American service. It originally navigated the rivers of the Amazon basin. In the 1920s the "Benjamim Guimarães" moved to the port of Pirapora on the Sao Francisco River.
Today, the "Benjamim Guimarães" is the only functioning steam paddle boat in all of Brazil. It is a tourist attraction and makes routine public trips on the São Francisco River from Pirapora downstream to the beginning of the Das Velhas River.

</doc>
<doc id="20897708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897708" title="FlashForward">
FlashForward

FlashForward is a U.S. television series, adapted for television by Brannon Braga and David S. Goyer, which aired for one season on ABC between September 24, 2009, and May 27, 2010. It is based on the 1999 novel "Flashforward" by Canadian science fiction writer Robert J. Sawyer. The series revolves around the lives of several people as a mysterious event causes nearly everyone on the planet to simultaneously lose consciousness for two minutes and seventeen seconds on October 6, 2009. During this blackout, people see what appear to be visions of their lives on April 29, 2010, a global "flashforward" six months into the future.
In May 2010, ABC announced that "FlashForward" had been cancelled. The 'season finale' for season 1 was shot before it was known the show would be cancelled and showed another FF event happening 20+ years in the future. This more closely followed the original book, which centered around a view 21.5 years into the future.
Premise.
"FlashForward" is constructed around a high concept narrative where a mysterious event has caused nearly everyone on the planet to simultaneously lose consciousness for 137 seconds, during which time people see what appears to be a vision of their own life approximately six months in the future: a global "flashforward". A team of Los Angeles FBI agents, led by Stanford Wedeck (Vance) and spearheaded by Mark Benford (Fiennes) and his partner Demetri Noh (Cho), begin the process of determining what happened, why, and whether it will happen again. Benford contributes a unique perspective on the investigation; in his flashforward, he saw the results of six months of investigation that he had done on the flashforward event, and he and his team use those clues to recreate the investigation.
The team investigates a number of events related to the flashforward, including "Suspect Zero", who did not lose consciousness during the event because of a quantum entanglement device (QED), the sinister "D. Gibbons/Dyson Frost", and a similar mass loss of consciousness in Somalia many years earlier in 1991. Meanwhile, personal revelations contained within the flashforwards occupy the personal lives of the principal characters. Mark Benford sees himself relapsing into alcoholism; his wife sees herself with another man; Demetri Noh sees nothing, which could mean that he will not be alive to see the day everyone else has glimpsed or, perhaps, that his future wasn't set on the day of the flashforward. Other characters grapple with similarly unexpected or surprising revelations in their flashforwards.
Production.
The pilot was written by David S. Goyer (who also directed) and Brannon Braga, from Robert J. Sawyer's novel, with Goyer and Braga executive producing alongside Jessika Borsiczky Goyer, Vince Gerardis, and Ralph Vicinanza.
"FlashForward" was originally developed at HBO, which sold its option because it thought the show would be a better fit for a broadcast network. After purchasing the series and ordering a pilot, ABC picked up "FlashForward" for thirteen episodes in May 2009. On October 12, 2009, ABC picked up the series for a 22-episode season. Later the same day, it was announced ABC had ordered a further three episodes for a 25-episode first season, which was later adjusted to 24.
On October 21, 2009, it was announced that executive producer Marc Guggenheim would leave ABC's "FlashForward". Co-creator and executive producer David S. Goyer stepped in to replace him as showrunner. On February 5, 2010, Goyer announced he would be stepping down as showrunner to focus on feature films and directing. He remained involved with the show, however. Goyer was replaced as showrunner by his wife, Jessika Goyer, along with Lisa Zwerling and Timothy J. Lea.
On May 13, 2010, it was reported that "FlashForward" would not be renewed for a second season because of the decline of viewers. Season 1, part 1 of the series was released on DVD on February 23, 2010. This DVD has the first 10 episodes plus bonus material. The full series was released on DVD on August 31, 2010 (including more bonus material). The full series was also supposed to be released on Blu-ray on the same date, but the Blu-ray release was indefinitely delayed, and was later cancelled. The first 2 discs of the 5-disc full series set are the same as the 2-disc set of episodes 1-10.
Each episode's title sequence includes a hidden image within the "FlashForward" logo to show a piece of what the episode is about. On DVD or episodes recorded on DVR devices, these images are visible when the sequence is paused at the right time.
Reception.
Ratings and viewership.
Although launching to large audiences of 12.47 million viewers in the U.S., the show's ratings rapidly declined to ratings about one-third that figure. The show's scheduling in the U.S. has been held to blame by some people, an unexpected extended hiatus may have contributed to the deteriorating fanbase. However, in other countries such as the UK, where the show was given prime time scheduling on terrestrial television, ratings also dwindled. In the UK, the show was screened on Channel Five, a channel which receives fairly poor viewing figures in comparison to its peers.
The show was watched by an average of 8.5 million viewers per episode, ranking it 44th most watched show of the season.
Critical reception.
"FlashForward" received generally positive reviews, with a Metacritic score of 72 out of 100, based on 26 critic reviews. In September 2009, Tim Goodman of the "San Francisco Chronicle" deemed the series "enormously entertaining" with a "tantalizing premise", while Ginia Bellafante of the "New York Times" wrote that it "begins in such a spirit of bracing suspense that was challenged to recall another pilot that lured so quickly into addiction." "Variety" Brian Lowry gave a more measured review, opining: "it's an intriguing, mind-bending concept that's mostly well executed [... there's a solid desire to see more, but not such wonderment as to proclaim unwavering fealty until the show peers a little farther down the road." "Entertainment Weekly" Ken Tucker graded the series "B+", stating: ""FF" isn't perfect. Much thought has been given to plot and character, but not enough to the visuals: This is one of the most drab looking of intelligent shows. Thematically, "FF" makes major philosophical points— living in the moment, etc.—but instead of dramatizing them, it often just has its characters speak them." Tucker described the show as " sci-fi-ish conspiracy suspense with excellent prime-time-soap drama".
International distribution.
"FlashForward" has sold in over 100 territories worldwide. Overseas air-dates are typically close to the original U.S. broadcasts, in an attempt to limit piracy. 
The series airs on AXN in Mexico, Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Bulgaria, Colombia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Japan, AXN in Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Venezuela, and Uruguay. It airs in Australia on the Seven Network, in Austria on ORF1, in Canada on /A\, and in Estonia on Fox Life. In Greece it is broadcast on FX, in Hong Kong on TVB Pearl, in New Zealand on TV2, and in Russia on Channel One. In Singapore it is shown on MediaCorp Channel 5 and Starhub Fox Channel – Channel 505, in Slovakia on TV JOJ, in Slovenia on TV3 Slovenia, in South Africa on M-Net, in Taiwan on Public Television Service, and in Turkey on Dizimax and ATV. In Western Europe, "FlashForward" airs on Kanal 5 in Denmark, Nelonen in Finland, Canal + and TF1 in France, ProSieben in Germany by RTÉ Two, in Ireland, TV 2 in Norway, Cuatro in Spain, TV4 in Sweden, TSR1, La 2 & SF zwei in Switzerland, ORF1 in Austria, Five in the United Kingdom, Fox in Italy, Veronica in the Netherlands, BeTV in Belgium, and SIC in Portugal. It is also aired in the Philippines on Studio 23. In Israel it airs on Satellite TV yes stars Action as well as Cable TV HOT3., in Indonesia by RCTI.

</doc>
<doc id="20897716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897716" title="José Joaquín Martínez">
José Joaquín Martínez

José Joaquín Martínez Valadéz is a soccer player that plays for Club Necaxa. His nickname is "Shaggy", as he resembles the Scooby-Doo character, Shaggy.
Career.
He played 17 Primera Division matches for America before being released in October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20897721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897721" title="Bihe">
Bihe

Bihe can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20897736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897736" title="Vincent Reed">
Vincent Reed

Vincent Reed (born 21 March 1940) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cambridgeshire. He was born in Yelling.
Reed, who played club cricket with Papworth, and who represented Huntingdonshire between 1966 and 1980, and for Cambridgeshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1973 and 1975, made a single List A appearance for Cambridgeshire in the 1975 Gillette Cup. He scored 8 runs and took figures of 0-26 from 12 overs of bowling.
Between 2001 and 2007, Reed played in the Over-50s County Championship for Huntingdonshire.
Reed's brother Roland, and cousins Ian, Lyndon, Trevor, Phil and Granny, played cricket for Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20897761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897761" title="Dodge House">
Dodge House

Dodge House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20897788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897788" title="Guillermo Cerda">
Guillermo Cerda

Guillermo Cerda (born 13 February 1984) is a football player who plays for San Luis FC on loan from Club América.

</doc>
<doc id="20897793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897793" title="KEMC">
KEMC

KEMC (91.7 FM) is an American NPR-member public radio radio station that broadcasts in the Billings Metro Area. KEMC broadcasts from the campus of Montana State University-Billings. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20897815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897815" title="Winchester Model 1905">
Winchester Model 1905

The Winchester Model 1905 (also known as the Model 05), is a blowback-operated, semi-automatic rifle produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company beginning in 1905 and discontinued in 1920. This rifle loads cartridges from a 5 or 10-round capacity, detachable box magazine located immediately forward of the trigger guard. Winchester offered factory chamberings in .32SL and .35 Winchester Self-Loading (.35 WSL).
Notably, a Model 1905 in .35 WSL was used by Harry Payne Whitney on an arctic expedition. The rifle proved reliable in extreme low-temperatures, yet insufficiently powerful enough for taking of large game such as musk ox.
The basic design for the Winchester Model 1905 is covered by issued August 27, 1901 and assigned to Winchester by Thomas Crossley Johnson, a key firearms designer for Winchester. This patent was initially used to protect the design of the rimfire Winchester Model 1903, but came to be applied toward the centerfire Winchester Self Loading rifle series, which includes the Model 1905, Model 1907 and Model 1910.
Variants.
In addition to the standard or "plain finish" model, a deluxe or "fancy finish" model was offered with pistol grip stock and checkering on the forearm and wrist of the stock. The plain finish rifles were offered in 1905 at a list price of $28, the fancy finish rifles for $43.
External links.
The Vintage Semi-Automatic Sporting Rifles Forum - Winchester Model 1905 - http://vintagesemiautorifle.proboards105.com/index.cgi?board=win05

</doc>
<doc id="20897820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897820" title="Songs for Wandering Souls">
Songs for Wandering Souls

Songs for Wandering Souls is the thirteenth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the third to feature his Tiny Bell Trio. It was released on the German Winter & Winter label in 1999 and features performances by Douglas, Brad Shepik and Jim Black.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating ""Songs for Wandering Souls" is a truly wonderful installment in this revelatory band's journey. May it be long and prosperous". 

</doc>
<doc id="20897831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897831" title="Renato Michell González">
Renato Michell González

Renato Michell González (born October 4, 1988) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Mérida F.C. in the Liga de Ascenso.

</doc>
<doc id="20897832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897832" title="Hammermill Center">
Hammermill Center

The Hammermill Center, formerly Gannon Auditorium, is a 2,800 seat basketball arena home to the Gannon Golden Knights located on the campus of Gannon University in Erie, Pennsylvania.
History.
The Facility was originally known as the Gannon Auditorium, or "The Audi". The facility was rededicated and renamed the Hammermill Center in February 1983 in honor of the Hammermill Paper Company, whose donation enabled the University to make repairs and improvements.
Attendance Records.
Attendance records for the past 10 seasons. 
^ Member of the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (GLIAC)
^^ Member of the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference (PSAC)

</doc>
<doc id="20897834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897834" title="Digital Telecommunications Philippines">
Digital Telecommunications Philippines

Digital Telecommunications Phils., Inc., commonly known as Digitel, is the second-largest fixed-line and the third-largest mobile telecommunications company in the Philippines. It is also the company that owns Sun Cellular, the Philippines's fastest-growing mobile phone service.
The company is a subsidiary of PLDT, one of the country's largest conglomerates.
History.
Digital Telecommunications Phils., Inc. was established in October 1987 and commenced commercial operations in January 1992.
In 1993, Digitel was awarded a 30-year exclusive contract by the Department of Transportation and Communications (DOTC) to manage, operate, develop and rehabilitate certain telecommunications systems owned by the DOTC (collectively, the "DOTC System") and which are located in the provincial areas of Luzon under a Facilities Management Agreement (FMA). The FMA also provided for its conversion into a lease contract under certain terms and conditions agreed upon by both parties.
In accordance with the provisions of the FMA, Digitel and DOTC agreed to amend and convert the FMA into a Financial Lease Agreement (FLA). Under the FLA, Digitel was granted the exclusive right to lease, manage, maintain, operate, develop and eventually own the said DOTC facilities.
In February 1994, Digitel was granted a national franchise to provide domestic and international telecommunications services throughout the Philippines. In September 1994, Digitel was granted by the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) a provisional authority to operate an international gateway facility (IGF). A provisional authority was also secured from the NTC in January 1995 to install, operate, maintain and develop telecommunications facilities in Regions 1 to 5 including the facilities currently leased from DOTC.
Sun Cellular.
On August 7, 2000, Digitel was granted by the NTC a Provisional Authority (PA), authorizing it to construct, install, operate and maintain a Nationwide Cellular Mobile Telephone System (CMTS) using Global System for Mobile (GSM) and/or Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) technology. Consequently, Digitel has been building a high-powered performance GSM/1800 network with a suite of applications and services.
On December 11, 2002, the President of the Philippines, Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo signed into law, Republic Act No. 9180 granting Digitel Mobile Philippines Inc. (DMPI), a wholly owned subsidiary of Digitel, a franchise to construct, install, establish, operate and maintain wire and/or wireless telecommunications system throughout the Philippines.
In March 2003, DMPI commercially launched its wireless mobile services under the Sun Cellular brand. It pioneered the 24/7 Call & Text Unlimited in October 2004.
PLDT buys Digitel.
The Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT) announced that it has completed the acquisition of Digitel from JG Summit Holdings, Inc. PLDT now owns 51.55 percent equity stake of Digitel. Digitel has a hundred percent stake in Digitel Mobile Philippines, Inc., whose brand name is Sun Cellular.
PLDT will announce a tender offer for all Digitel common stock at the P1.60 per Digitel share, and offered either PLDT shares at P2,500 per share of cash, at the option of Digitel Shareholders. Assuming all of Digitel minority owners agree, the total transaction consideration would be PHP74.1 billion.
After the acquisition and assessment of the Digitel network, its subscribers were transferred into the PLDT network and all of its services were shut down. This was become effective from November 15 - December 31, 2012, when the last Digitel Business Centers were closed. However, Digitel retains operation on the services of its subsidiary Sun Cellular.
Products.
Digitel's fixed line services are offered under the Mango, Choice, and DigiFonePal brands. Its cellular service is sold under the Sun Cellular brand, while its broadband Internet services are sold under the Mango and NetVantage DSL brands.
Competition.
Digitel's main competitors in the fixed-line and mobile markets are PLDT (PLDT subsidiary Smart Communications in the mobile market) and Globe Telecom.

</doc>
<doc id="20897863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897863" title="List of Tactics episodes">
List of Tactics episodes

"Tactics" originally aired on TV Tokyo between October 5, 2004 and March 29, 2005. In the United States, it was featured on the Ani-Monday program from January 7, 2008 to April 21, 2008 on the Sci Fi Channel. The opening theme for "Tactics" was "Secret World" and the ending theme was . Both were sung by Miki Akiyama, composed and arranged by Kazuya Nishioka, and lyrics written by Yuriko Mori. The series was first released on DVD in English on June 27, 2006. A total of 5 DVDs were released, each containing 5 episodes apiece. On February 12, 2008, a box set with all 5 of the DVDs was released. In Japan, seven DVD volumes were released. In the US, the company "Starz" began offering "Tactics" episodes on the Apple iTunes Store.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20897869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897869" title="Oleh Matveyev">
Oleh Matveyev

Oleh Matveyev is a former Ukrainian football player. One of the most successful strikers at the start of the Ukrainian Premier League. In 1997 he won the title of the League top scorer with 21 tallies. Together with Serhiy Atelkin they were the best tandem nationwide. Under the Soviet Union, Matveyev and Atelkin played in the Soviet U-21 football team. Currently, he is a staff member of FC Shakhtar Donetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="20897877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897877" title="Episkopi, Paphos">
Episkopi, Paphos

Episkopi, also known as Episcopi, Episcopí, Piskobu, is a village a 11 kilometres Northeast from the town of Paphos in Cyprus.
Episkopi was built on the west side of Ezousa River valley. The area’s geological configurations and the existence of the valleys with their permanent water supply have resulted in a large spectrum of species and habitations. 
Historical Monuments.
In addition to the old stone drinking fountain is the Episkopi Rock awarded for excellence in restoration (1997), Europa Nostra award: the 16th century Sindi Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="20897898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897898" title="Cape Vincent Light">
Cape Vincent Light

Cape Vincent Breakwater Light was a lighthouse on the breakwater protecting the harbor in the town of Cape Vincent, New York.
It has been moved to the Town Highway Department on New York State Route 12E.
It should not be confused with the nearby Tibbetts Point Light, an active lighthouse also in Cape Vincent.

</doc>
<doc id="20897905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897905" title="Vought Airtrans">
Vought Airtrans

LTV's (Vought) Airtrans was an automated people mover system that operated at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport between 1974 and 2005. The adaptable people mover was utilized for several separate systems: the Airport Train, Employee Train, American Airlines TrAAin and utility service. All systems utilized the same guideways and vehicle base but served different stations to create various routes.
After 30 years of service the system's 1970s technology was no longer adequate for the expanding airport's needs, and in 2005 it was replaced by the current Skylink system. While most of the system was auctioned and sold for scrap, some guideways and stations (now closed to the public) remain. Airtrans moved nearly 5 million people in its first year of operation; by the end of its life it had served over 250 million passengers.
As the first US installation of a fully automated transit system, Airtrans technology was expected to be deployed in similar mass transit systems around the country. In Japan, the system was licensed by a consortium formed between Niigata Engineering and Sumitomo Corporation for similar deployments there. However, no further systems were constructed. Car #25 was donated to the Frontiers of Flight Museum in Dallas, Texas, and Cars #30 and #82 were donated to North Texas Historic Transportation in Fort Worth, Texas.
History.
Background.
During the early 1960s there was growing concern in the United States about the effects of urban sprawl and the resulting urban decay that followed. Major cities across the country were watching their downtown cores turn into ghost towns as the suburbs expanded and caused a flight of capital out of the cities. The only cities that were combatting this were the ones with effective mass transit systems, cities like New York and Boston, where the utility of the subway was greater than a car. However, these solutions were extremely expensive to develop, well beyond the budgets of smaller cities or the suburbs of larger ones. Through the 1960s there was a growing movement in urban planning circles that the solution was the personal rapid transit system, small automated vehicles that were much less expensive to develop.
At the same time, as Project Apollo wound down and President Richard Nixon started disengaging from the Vietnam War, there was considerable concern in the aerospace industry that the 1970s and 1980s would be lean times. The highly automated operation the PRT systems required, along with the project management needed to build a large mass transit system, was a natural fit for the aerospace companies to provide and by the late 1970s many were working on PRT systems. In 1970 LTV joined these efforts, when the Vice President of Engineering formed a study team to investigate ground transportation systems. They sketched out a system using off-the-shelf hardware to build a new PRT design.
DFW bid.
The Dallas/Fort Worth Airport had recently started construction, and a people mover was one of their requirements. The airport consisted of four semi-circular terminal areas arranged in a line with large parking lots on either ends of the line, and two hotel towers in the middle. It was miles from one end to the other, so some form of rapid transit was needed to move people around the complex. DFW wanted the system to transport not only people, but mail, trash, supplies, and baggage as well. Varo Corp. had recently purchased the Monocab concept from its private developer and were pitching the system to DFW. LTV was asked to join them in a joint proposal, which was submitted late in 1970, along with two others from different providers. However, all three were over the price the airport had budgeted, and the companies were asked to re-submit.
Varo declined, and sold their interest in Monocab to Rohr, Inc., which later re-emerged as the Rohr ROMAG. LTV decided to submit their original design for the May 1971 deadline, developing their guideway to match existing highway specifications and construction techniques as a way to lower costs. Since they had no time to develop prototype hardware, they instead backed up their proposal with an extensive computer simulation of full operations. Westinghouse and Dashaveyor (Bendix) also entered designs, but LTV's simulation proved decisive and they were announced as the winner on 2 August 1971. The contract stipulated that the system had to be operational on 13 July 1973.
Construction of the Airtrans guideway took place almost on-schedule, which turned out to be better than the airport itself. When DFW opened in January 1974, Airtrans, which had been heralded as "people mover of the future,' quickly fell short of expectations. Originally operating between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m., it worked reliably only 56 percent of the time. A more serious problem was the budget. Originally bid at $34 million, a series of problems led Vought to declare a $22.6 million loss on the project.
Service life.
In accordance with the original contract specifications, Airtrans was originally built to support both freight and passenger service. Inter-terminal baggage was handled by 89 LD3 containers, which were loaded on a series of semi-automated conveyor belt systems at each terminal. During construction the airport demanded a lower required time for inter-terminal handling, and a different system had to be installed that could meet these increased speeds - the Airtrans baggage handling system was never used in operations. Likewise, the mail handling services were demonstrated at the "Air Mail Facility", but the USPS declined to use it as they felt it was too demanding in that it required their employees to interface with an automatic system. An incinerator was built for trash handling, but never worked properly and was never put into use. Instead, trash from the terminals was moved on the existing passenger vehicles after hours. In the end, only the supplies facility would use the cargo vehicles, operating with great success until 1991 when increased demands for passenger services forced the cargo vehicles to be converted to passenger bodies.
In service, the Airtrans system had a number of unexpected problems. The system was originally designed for typical Dallas weather, which rarely sees snow, and it was expected that the normal operations would keep the guideway clear when snow did fall. In operation, snow and ice proved to be a serious problem, but a detailed study on ways to keep the system clear demonstrated it would be less expensive to provide truck services during those rare periods. Additionally, maintaining the vehicles proved more difficult than expected, but DFW's transportation department kept updating the system, one piece at a time. Wiring and electronic components were moved inside the Airtrans cars; they had been exposed to weather under the cars. Circuit boards were replaced with microchips. After fifteen years of continual improvement, the system emerged as a paragon of reliability. At its peak in 1987, the system carried 23,000 passengers a day. In 1988, now operating 24 hours, the system achieved a 99.8% in-service record. In 1989 the vehicles were refurbished to improve maintenance and cleaning operations. When Airtrans made its debut, it used eight-track cartridges for its announcements; the audio system was later upgraded to a cassette system, and still later to a digital voice synthesizer.
The system was originally installed in an era of very different security concerns, and operated on both sides of the modern secure/insecure line. The insecure side was used by passengers moving between the terminals and to and from the parking lots, the secure side for employees moving around the airport and for cargo services (when they were used). This forced employees to transit through security when moving to and from the line when new security arrangements were added. A solution to this problem was easily implemented by moving the employee side doors to the opposite side of the platform, then sending in some of the cars "backwards" so the doors were on the other side. With this change the new routes became the "Employee Train", while the passenger side became the "Airport Train". Another modification was added between 1990 and 1991 to service American Airlines passengers moving between terminals 3E and 2E (today known as Terminals A & C), known as the “TrAAin" or "AAirtrans Express". An additional crossover connecting east and west sides of the airport was added to the system in 1997 and 1998.
As the original lifetime of the vehicles approached, DFW started studying replacing the system. As LTV had long exited the transit business, and no other companies offered similar AGT systems that could be adapted to the existing network, an entirely new system was needed and eventually won by the Bombardier Innovia APM 200. Since the system required entirely new guideways, the Airtrans system would have to be kept operational while the new system was installed. A mid-life upgrade process, mostly guideway improvements, was implemented in 1998. Passenger operations started to wind down in 2003, replaced by a shuttle bus service. Employee Train operations ended on 9 May 2005, followed by TrAAin on 20 May. The new Skylink service opened the next day.
Other developments.
In 1976 Vought was awarded a $7 million contract by the Urban Mass Transit Administration to study modifications needed to produce a version of Airtrans suitable for mass transit applications. Changes were aimed primarily at increasing the speed from 17 to 30 mph, along with changes to reduce capital costs of implementing systems. Vought used one of the production cargo vehicles as an instrumented testbed, running it on the existing DFW guideways at increased speeds, and used the information collected to determine what changes would need to be made to provide this performance in an operational setting. Several changes were needed; the power collection arms that pressed against the wires on the track side had to be modified to a design originally considered for the DFW system, the steering had to be upgraded in order to switch quickly enough, and to improve energy use, the new vehicles also featured regenerative braking. A non-mechanical steering system reading a ferrous stripe in the center of the guideway was also tried, but abandoned as not necessary for speeds up to 30 mph.
Nothing ever came of these proposals, and LTV exited the AGT market.
System operations.
Vehicles.
The Airtrans vehicles were long, wide, and high and had an empty weight of 14,000 lbs. The chassis was based on a large electrically powered bus, built of steel and running on foam-filled tires with air-bag suspensions. A linkage between the front and rear wheels provided four-wheel steering.
Passenger vehicles contained longitudinal seating for up to 16 passengers and standing room for up to 24 people (for a total of 40). The bodywork was made of acrylic-coated fiberglass and an automatic door was located on only one side. Across from the door a raised area provided room for hand luggage while hiding the manual controls. Emergency exits were located on each end of the vehicle. The passenger vehicles could be coupled to form 2- (or later) 3-car trains. The bi-directional motor could be switched and the car repositioned on the guideway to provide a right-opening or left-opening door.
For cargo vehicles, the passenger bodywork was replaced with a flatbed containing three powered conveyor belts for loading cargo, sized to handle three LD3 containers.
Vehicles operated with five blocks (consisting of each) of guideway between vehicles. Full speed was allowed in the first, reduced speeds in the next two, and full stop in the last two. The vehicles required to stop completely. These large headways reduced passenger capacity and required multiple vehicles to make up for this.
Operations were normally handled by two operators in the control center. Vehicles were equipped with two-way communications to allow passengers to talk to the operators in an emergency.
The vehicles were original painted brown on the exterior with orange and yellow interiors, matching the color scheme of the airport. In 1989 the cars were refurbished, resulting in a blue and white theme and more durable interiors.
Guideways and power supply.
Guideways were made of concrete and based on highway construction techniques. The varying topography of the airport resulted in both aerial and ground level guideways winding their way over and under public roadways. As the guideway entered the semicircular terminals or remote parking areas, it remained at ground/ramp level and under the terminal building. At these terminal areas the guideway branched out to serve various stations, bypass tracks and vehicle storage sidings. Additional bypass guideways were constructed as the airport expanded. At several locations along the guideway tug sidings were located near the airport service road, allowing a disabled vehicle to be removed from the guideway and towed to the maintenance facility.
The guideway was uni-directional, with all vehicles traveling around the airport in a counter-clockwise direction. The top of guideway walls contained rails that steered the vehicles. Small urethane wheels on either side of the vehicle engaged the rail and were mechanically linked to a conventional steering suspension on the main wheels. Switching was provided by switching bars on either side of the guideway that raised or lowered to trap one of the two sets of guidance wheels under them. The switch was adapted from existing fail-safe switches used on railways.
Power was supplied in three-phase form at 480 VAC through three conductor strips on the guideway wall. Below the conductors was a common ground, and above it was an inductive loop used for signalling. Mechanical "feelers" extending from the corners of the vehicle with brushes on their ends engaged the conductors. Power was rectified and fed into a DC motor, which was attached to a conventional differential and then to the wheels at one end. The motor was bi-directional and was switched depending on the vehicle's direction of travel.
Routes and stations.
Airtrans was operated over a number of fixed routes throughout the airport. Each route could be modified using different stations, guideways and vehicle configurations. Conversion of the system to offer point-to-point service like a true group rapid transit system was considered but not implemented, although all stations contained bypass tracks or vehicles could proceed through lower-demand stations without stopping. The flexibility of the system resulted in routes that changed often to serve different airline and passenger needs. While initially planned for "origin and destination" traffic, the system was modified to move connecting passengers (although never very effectively due to its uni-directional operation). The initial service specifications allowed for a maximum inter-terminal trip of 20 minutes, and 30 minutes to remote parking.
Airtrans was built to serve 53 passenger, employee and service stations around the airport, 33 of those for passengers and employees. Each terminal contained 3 passenger stations corresponding to that terminal's section (for example, Terminal 2E Section 1) located adjacent to the lower level terminal drive. These passenger stations contained an enclosed waiting area, destination signage, two sets of bi-parting automatic doors (with room for a third) and elevators to upper level ticketing/baggage claim. In early years of operation entry to the station was gained by placing a quarter in and passing through entry turnstiles. An employee station for each terminal section was located on a separate guideway adjacent to the terminal's ramp area, and screened from passenger view. These stations were more primitive, containing an outdoor waiting area with a fence and no automatic doors preventing access to the electrified guideway.
The North (1W) and South (5E) Remote Parking areas each contained two stations; an additional station served the airport hotel. These stations consisted of two platforms on either side of a single guideway: an enclosed passenger station and an exposed employee station. Transfer to either side of the guideway was accommodated by a sheltered elevated or below-station walkway.
At the time of opening Airtrans routes consisted of 5 passenger routes (3 inter-terminal, 2 remote parking) and 4 employee routes (directly connecting 1 terminal to 1 remote parking station). On-demand cargo service served various cargo stations located at the terminals. Two air mail routes were put in service for the U.S. Postal Service, but they were soon terminated when demand outpaced capacity and equipment did not interface well.
In 1991 American Airlines built 2 new stations each in Terminals A (2E) and C (3E) for $38 million as part of the new "TrAAm" (later, "TrAAin" service). The modern stations, built adjacent to employee stations on the secure ramp side, allowed connecting passengers to transfer between American's terminals without exiting security to use the inter-terminal airport train. These stations provided escalator service directly to the terminal gate areas. A fifth TrAAin station serving Terminal B (2W) was later constructed along a guideway when American Airlines expanded to that terminal. This new service resulted in termination of the Airtrans cargo service, as all cargo vehicles were converted to passenger vehicles.
In the final year of operation (2005), Airtrans consisted of the following routes (in order of travel):
Airport Train Red: North Remote Parking Stations B & A; Terminal B (2W) Stations C, B, A; Terminal C (3E) Station B; Terminal A (2E) Station C & A.
Airport Train Green: Terminal B (2W) Stations C, B, A; Terminal C (3E) Station B; Terminal A (2E) Station C & A.
Airport Train Yellow: Terminal B (2W) Stations C, B, A; Terminal E (4E) Stations C, B, A; Terminal C (3E) Station B; Terminal A (2E) Station C & A.
American Airlines TrAAin: Terminal C (3E) Gates C17-C39, Gates C1-C16; Terminal A (2E) Gates A19-A39, Gates A1-A18; Terminal B (2W) Gates B1-B10.
Airport Employee Train: Two routes connecting all terminals with North Remote or South Remote Parking.
Incidents.
In 1977, a single Airtrans passenger train slammed into the back of a two-car employee train, injuring nine people. The vehicle was under manual control to bypass a malfunctioning section of guideway in the South Remote Parking Lot.
Two deaths related to Airtrans occurred in September 1977. A teenager was killed after jumping on top of a vehicle from a restricted retaining wall and falling to the guideway, where he was run over by a two-car train. During the same week, a man from Fort Worth was electrocuted and killed when touching a high voltage wire on the guideway.
In 1986, an Airtrans vehicle struck a jogger who had mistaken the guideway for a running path. The man, visiting from Atlanta, was pushed by the train before a trip wire snapped and stopped the train. He received cuts and abrasions but was not killed.
Specifications.
Airtrans facts from DFW Airport:

</doc>
<doc id="20897922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897922" title="Episkopi, Limassol">
Episkopi, Limassol

Episkopi is a village lying partly in the Limassol district of Cyprus and partly in the British Overseas Territory of Akrotiri and Dhekelia. It is approximately to city of Limassol and east of Paphos. Episkopi is built on the hill of ancient Kourion close to the west bank of the river Kouris.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Episkopi is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="20897928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897928" title="Breed (disambiguation)">
Breed (disambiguation)

A breed is a group of domestic animals with a homogeneous appearance, behavior, and other characteristics that distinguish it from other animals of the same species.
Breed may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20897938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897938" title="The First Time (1969 film)">
The First Time (1969 film)

The First Time (1969) is a coming of age film starring Jacqueline Bisset, Wes Stern, Rick Kelman, Wink Roberts, and Gerard Parkes. The film was directed by James Neilson and was produced by Allan Carr by United Artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20897953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897953" title="Narma">
Narma

The Narma are a Rajput tribe found in regions presently lying in India and Pakistan and which were formerly a part of British India. 
Septs.
In 1919, Horace Rose and Edward MacLagan, who were administrators of the British Raj, noted that nine Narma septs had been recorded in the Gujarat district of Punjab: the Sadryal, Adryal, Sambharyal, Haudal, Jalalie, Alimyana, Joyal, Umral, and Hassan Abdalia.

</doc>
<doc id="20897959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897959" title="Guillermo Santo">
Guillermo Santo

Club career.
Santo began his playing career in 1998 with Club Atlético Platense, he has also played for El Porvenir and Chacarita Juniors in Argentina. Between 2005 and 2008 he played in Venezuela for Trujillanos FC, Mineros de Guayana and Deportivo Anzoátegui.

</doc>
<doc id="20897967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897967" title="The Happy Ending Music and Reading Series">
The Happy Ending Music and Reading Series

The Happy Ending Music and Reading Series is a semimonthly performing arts series founded and hosted by Amanda Stern at the Happy Ending Bar in Chinatown, NYC on September 3, 2003. Since its inception, the Happy Ending Music and Reading Series has occurred every other Wednesday, bringing together literary and musical talents to share the stage. On January 7, 2009, the series permanently moves from the Happy Ending Bar to Joe's Pub, where it takes place the first Wednesday of every month. 
The Happy Ending Music and Reading Series has been chosen by New York Magazine, The Village Voice, and NY Press as the best reading series in NYC, and has been singled out by the New York Times Magazine for helping to "Keep downtown, NY alive." The success of the series is based largely on Amanda Stern's no-nonsense and oftentimes awkward sense of humor. Of the musicians appearing in the series, Stern requires at least one cover song with which the musician must attempt to get the audience to sing along. Of the readers, Stern requires one public risk. Past risks have included karate-chopping wooden boards, freak-dancing with a random member of the audience, spinning a basketball, etc...

</doc>
<doc id="20897973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897973" title="Holzinger-class patrol vessel">
Holzinger-class patrol vessel

"Holzinger" class patrol vessels are offshore patrol vessels in use by the Mexican Navy. They are a Mexican design, based on the "Uribe" class bought to the Spanish Naval Company Empresa Nacional Bazán in 1982. "Holzinger" class patrol vessels have a smaller helicopter deck than the "Uribe" class and have main armaments (2 twin US MK1 Bofors 40 mm AA mount) at A position. They are able to operate on board helicopters (MBB Bo 105). 
"Uribe" class ships were the first medium size vessels built by Mexican Navy. Two first hulls were built at Tampico Naval Shipyard (Tamaulipas); the second two hulls were built at Salina Cruz Naval Shipyard (Oaxaca).

</doc>
<doc id="20897990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897990" title="Gbaran tribe">
Gbaran tribe

The Gbaran tribe of the Ijaw people lives in along Taylor Creek ("Gbarantoru") in central Bayelsa State, Nigeria. Gbaran settlements include: Okotiama, Poloaku, Obinagha, Ogboloma, Nedugo, Agbia, Ibiaye (Ebiyai), and Koroama. Okotiama is the senior community. The close proximity of Gbaran villages along Taylor Creek has helped them maintain their shared cultural traditions. The clan god is Gbaran Ziba.

</doc>
<doc id="20897997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20897997" title="Salvia dorisiana">
Salvia dorisiana

Salvia dorisiana, Fruit-scented sage or Peach sage, is a perennial shrub native to Honduras. It grows 1-1.3 m tall, and is heavily branched. The leaves have a fruity scent when brushed, and large magenta-pink flowers that bloom in winter. "Salvia dorisiana" was first described in 1950, and has become popular as a greenhouse plant. The flowers reach up to 5 cm in length, with a lime-green calyx about the same length. The entire plant is covered in hairs whose glands release a pineapple-grapefruit scent.
"Salvia dorisiana" was named for Doris Zemurray Stone, 1909-1994, archaeologist and ethnographer and director of the national museum of Costa Rica, though many horticulture references apocryphally repeat that it was named after Doris, daughter of Oceanus and Tethys, and the wife of Nereus.

</doc>
<doc id="20898008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898008" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Northwest Portland, Oregon">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Northwest Portland, Oregon

The following list attempts to comprehensively present the full set of National Register of Historic Places listings in Northwest Portland, Oregon, and offers brief descriptive information about each of them. The National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) recognizes buildings, structures, objects, sites, and districts of national, state, or local historic significance across the United States. Out of over 80,000 NRHP sites nationwide, Oregon is home to approximately 1,900, and over one-fourth of those are found in Portland. While these sites are widely spread across all five of Portland's quadrants, heavy concentrations are found in the Northwest District neighborhood of the Northwest quadrant, and the Downtown and Southwest Hills neighborhoods of the Southwest quadrant.
Only NRHP sites within the municipal boundaries of Portland are shown in this list and its companion lists for the other four quadrants. Some sites beyond city limits will appear in other lists showing "Portland" as a general locality, but are excluded here. Although Portland's legal boundaries extend into Clackamas and Washington counties, all of the city's NRHP sites lie within Multnomah County.

</doc>
<doc id="20898013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898013" title="Tommy Mendonca">
Tommy Mendonca

Thomas Wilkey Mendonca (born April 12, 1988 in Turlock, California) is an American professional baseball third baseman who is currently a minor league free agent. Mendonca won the 2008 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a sophomore at Fresno State University.
Amateur career.
Mendonca attended Turlock High School. In 2006, he hit .429 with six home runs.
He then enrolled at Fresno State University. In 67 games with Fresno in 2007, Mendonca hit .281 with 10 home runs and 37 RBI. In 77 games in 2008, he hit .285 with 19 homers and 70 RBI.
Professional career.
Mendonca was drafted in the second round (62nd overall) by the Texas Rangers in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. He began his professional career in 2009, playing for the Low Single-A Spokane Indians (49 games) and High Single-A Bakersfield Blaze (11 games), hitting a combined .290 with nine home runs and 28 RBI in 60 games. In 2010, he hit .248 with 10 home runs and 47 RBI in 120 games for the Blaze and in 2011, he hit .278 with 25 home runs, 78 RBI and 160 strikeouts in 125 games for the Double-A Frisco RoughRiders. He split the 2012 campaign between the RoughRiders (28 games) and Round Rock Express (63 games), hitting a combined .229 with 12 home runs and 51 RBI in 91 games.
Mendonca was selected by the Oakland Athletics in the Triple-A phase of the 2012 Rule 5 draft.
Personal.
His uncle, Robert Mendonca, played in the Philadelphia Phillies organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20898019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898019" title="Isaba tribe">
Isaba tribe

The small Isaba tribe of the Ijaw people lives in and around the town of Isaba, south of Warri, Delta State, Nigeria. Some consider the Isaba to be their tribe; others consider it to be a part of the Ogbe tribe. This disagreement arises out of the decentralized authority structure of the Ogbe.

</doc>
<doc id="20898026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898026" title="Kim Appleby (album)">
Kim Appleby (album)

Kim Appleby is the solo debut album by British singer Kim Appleby.
With the aid of her boyfriend, ex-Bros bassist Craig Logan, Kim launched a solo career with much of her debut solo album composed of songs cowritten with her sister Mel, for what was intended to be the next Mel and Kim album.

</doc>
<doc id="20898032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898032" title="Leonardo Isaula">
Leonardo Isaula

Leonardo Rubén Isaula George (born 8 February 1977 in Yoro, Honduras) is a Honduran midfielder who currently plays for Atlético Choloma in the Liga Nacional de Honduras.
Club career.
Isaula made his debut in senior football on 17 September 1995, when he played for Independiente Villela against Honduran giants Motagua. He scored his first goal three years later, also against Motagua. He then had a long spell with Real España and also played for Municipal Valencia and Hispano before finally playing for Motagua himself. After another stint at Hispano, Isaula joined Necaxa in summer 2010 and signed for Atlético Choloma for the 2012 Apertura season.
In November 2012, Isaula became only the second player to reach 440 matches in Honduran football, behind Denilson Costa.
International career.
Isaula made his debut for Honduras in an April 2003 friendly match against Colombia, his only international match.

</doc>
<doc id="20898039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898039" title="Billy Moon">
Billy Moon

William Robert "Billy" Moon (7 June 1868 - 9 January 1943) was an English footballer who represented the England national football team. He also played first-class cricket with Middlesex and his brother Leonard Moon was a Test cricketer.
Moon was a goalkeeper and debuted for England in a win over Wales in 1888 and same year kept a clean sheet against Scotland. His record as being the youngest goalkeeper for England remained until August 2012 when this was taken by Jack Butland of Birmingham City who was 64 days his junior. Up until 1891 he appeared in three further internationals against Wales and was capped twice against Scotland. He captained his country for the last of his seven internationals, when England took on Scotland at Ewood Park. When not playing for England he occupied the goals for both Old Westminsters and the Corinthians.
A solicitor by profession, Moon was also a capable cricketer and played as a hard hitting wicket-keeper batsman. He kept wicket for Middlesex in two first-class cricket matches during the 1891 County Championship. He made 17 not out on debut against Surrey in what would be his only first-class innings as Moon's second match was washed out after a day.

</doc>
<doc id="20898040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898040" title="Italian colonists in Albania">
Italian colonists in Albania

The Italian colonists in Albania were Italians who, between the two world wars, moved to Albania to colonize the Balkan country for the Kingdom of Italy.
History.
Albania had held strategic importance for Italy since the Renaissance, when the Republic of Venice controlled some areas of the Albanian coast (called Albania Veneta). In addition, southern Italy contained Albanian-speaking communities (Arbëreshë people), who had taken refuge there from the Ottoman invasion of Albania during the Skanderbeg era, and who were favorable to a possible union of Albania and Italy.
At the end of the 19th century, Italian naval strategists eyed the port of Vlorë (Valona in Italian) and the island of Sazan (Saseno) at the entrance to the Bay of Vlorë. The port would give Italy control of the entrance to the Adriatic Sea. Also, Albania could provide Italy with a beachhead in the Balkans. Before World War I Italy and Austria-Hungary had been instrumental in the creation of an independent Albanian state. At the outbreak of war in 1915, Italy seized the chance to occupy the southern half of Albania, to prevent the Austro-Hungarians from capturing. That success did not last long, as post-war domestic problems, Albanian resistance, and pressure from United States President Woodrow Wilson, forced Italy to pull out in 1920. But Italy retained the island of Saseno, in front of Valona, that was annexed to the Province of Zara in Italian Dalmatia.
When Benito Mussolini took power in Italy, he turned with renewed interest to Albania. Italy began penetrating Albania's economy in 1925, when Albania agreed to allow it to exploit its mineral resources. That was followed by the First Treaty of Tirana in 1926 and the Second Treaty of Tirana in 1927, whereby Italy and Albania entered into a defensive alliance. Italian loans subsidized the Albanian government and economy, and Italian military instructors trained the Albanian army. Italian colonial settlement was encouraged and the first 300 Italian colonists settled in Albania.
Despite this strong Italian influence, King Zog of Albania refused to give in completely to Italian pressure. In 1931, he openly stood up to the Italians by refusing to renew the 1926 Treaty of Tirana.
Fascist Italy increased pressure on Albania in the 1930s, and on April 7, 1939 invaded Albania, five months before the start of the Second World War. The Albanian armed resistance proved ineffective and, after a short defense, Italy occupied the country. On 9 April 1939 Albanian King Zog fled to Greece, and Albania ceased to exist as an independent country. The Balkan country became a component of the Italian Empire and was turned into an Italian protectorate, similar to the German Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, in that the land was an autonomous territory of Italy which was designed for eventual colonization and Italianization.
The throne was claimed by King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy, who was the official ruler of Albania until his abdication on 25 July 1943. The government was led by Italian governors and an Albanian civil government.
From April 1939, Albanian foreign affairs, customs, as well as natural resources came under direct control of Italy. All petroleum resources in Albania went through Agip, Italy's state petroleum company.
The puppet Albanian Fascist Party became the ruling party of the country and the local Fascists, like prime minister Shefqet Verlaci, allowed Italian citizens to settle in Albania and to own land so that they could gradually transform it into Italian soil. Verlaci (who had distant Italian roots) approved the possible administrative union of Albania and Italy, because he wanted Italian support for the union of Kosovo with Chameria and other "Albanian irredentism" areas, creating a Greater Albania. Indeed, this unification was realized after the Axis defeat of Yugoslavia and Greece in spring 1941.
Italian citizens began to settle in Albania as colonists and to own land so that they could gradually transform it into Italian soil. 
The Italian colonists and the Italian "assimilation" were more or less welcomed in spring 1939, and were greeted by most Albanians when Albania was enlarged two years later. But in November 1941 they started to face contrary manifestations and the resistance of some Albanians, organized mainly by the Communist Party of Enver Hoxha.
The Italian colonists.
The first Italians to colonise Albania were fishing families from Apulia, who moved to the island of Saseno (Sazan) opposite Valona in 1918. The island was officially part of Italy from the end of World War I to 1947.
In 1926, the Italian government, in agreement with Albanian authorities, sent 300 Italian colonists to Kamez, near Tirana, to promote agricultural development.
Most of the Italians were farmers from Arberesh communities in southern Italy. They were initially successful, and created the company "Ente industria agraria albanese" with an agricultural school, but the regime of King Zog expelled them in 1931, fearing excessive Italian influence in Albanian society and politics.
After the occupation of Albania in April 1939, Mussolini sent nearly 11,000 Italian colonists to Albania. Most of them were from the Veneto region and Sicily. They settled primarily in the areas of Durazzo, Valona, Scutari, Porto Palermo, Elbasani and Santi Quaranta. They were the first settlers of a huge group of Italians to be moved to Albania.
In addition to these colonists, 22,000 Italian casual laborers went to Albania in April 1940 to construct roads, railways and infrastructure.
Most of the 1939 colonists were men enrolled in the so-called Albanian Militia. This organization was an Albanian fascist paramilitary group, part of the Blackshirts. Later even Albanians were recruited in the group. It was headquartered in Tirana and consisted of four legions in Tirana, Korçë, Vlorë and Shkodër. The Albanian Militia was disbanded in 1943 following the fall of Italy in World War II.
No Italian colonists remain in Albania. The few who remained under the communist regime of Enver Hoxha escaped (with their descendants) to Italy in 1992, and actually are represented by the association "ANCIFRA".

</doc>
<doc id="20898042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898042" title="Javier Arnaldo Portillo">
Javier Arnaldo Portillo

Javier Arnaldo Portillo Martínez (born 10 June 1981 in Morolica, Choluteca, Honduras) is a Honduran football player who currently as a left midfielder for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Olimpia and the Honduran national team.
Club career.
Vida.
Portillo joined Vida in December 2010 signing a six-month deal contract with the club. He made his league debut on 15 January 2011, starting in an away 1–0 victory against the league champion Real España.
Olimpia.
On 6 May 2011, Portillo moved to Olimpia as a free transfer signing a two-year deal contract with the club. He made his official debut for the club in the CONCACAF Champions League with a 3-1 defeat against Santos Laguna.
International career.
On 20 May 2011, Portillo was included by Luis Fernando Suarez in Honduras's 23-man squad for the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup. On the 26th, he made his debut in a friendly draw against El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="20898063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898063" title="Kolokuma tribe">
Kolokuma tribe

The Kolokuma tribe of the Ijaw people live along the Nun River in Bayelsa State, Nigeria. Kolokuma settlements include: Seibokorogha (Sabagreia), Odi, Okoloba, Igbedi and Kaiama. The geographic position of the Kolokuma clan caused them to interact with neighboring peoples including the Mein, Western Tarakiri, Isoko, and Ndokwa Igbo. Also, wars were fought between the Kolokuma and the Boma and Oyakiri tribes in the distant past. Egbesu is the tribal god of the Kolokuma. Historically, the tribe came under the central authority of the high priest of Egbesu.
The Kolokuma people speak the Izon language. They are predominantly farmers and fishermen. The freedom fighter Major Adaka Boro was from the Kolokuma tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20898084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898084" title="Mark Hutson">
Mark Hutson

Mark Hutson (born August 29, 1966) is an American football NFL coach currently serving as the tight ends coach for the Oakland Raiders under new head coach Dennis Allen. In the 1980s, he was an All-American offensive lineman for the Oklahoma Sooners, and among the top players in school history.
Playing career.
Hutson was selected to the OU All-Century Team and one of the Top 100 Players in OU History, following a stellar career with the Sooners, which saw him selected to All-America teams in 1986 and 1987. He was team captain for the 1985 National Championship team and was selected All-Big Eight Conference three times in his career. He also played in the 1988 Hula Bowl.
After his college days, Hutson was selected in the third round of the 1988 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys. A back injury forced him to end his professional career without having played a regular season game in the National Football League, though he did spent two seasons with the organization.
Hutson returned to campus and finished his degree in communications in 1990.
College coaching career.
Hutson began coaching with his alma mater in 1990 as a graduate assistant. He coached with Houston Nutt at Murray State University, Boise State University and the University of Arkansas. While with the Razorbacks, Hutson was selected Southeastern Conference Special Teams Coach of the Year.
His coaching travels next took Hutson to the University of Tulsa as the offensive line coach from 2000 to 2002. Following Tulsa, Hutson came to Eastern Illinois University and spent four seasons as assistant head coach, offensive coordinator and offensive line coach. In the 2006 season, he jumped in as acting head coach when Bob Spoo was sidelined after surgery. The team finished with an 8–5 season record, 7–1 in the Ohio Valley Conference.
During Hutson's tenure at Eastern Illinois, the team won two conference titles and went to the NCAA Division I playoff twice. The team he led as interim head coach lost in the first round of the 2006 playoffs, 24–13, to Illinois State.
Hutson joined the Tulane University staff in 2007 as offensive line coach. He was named interim coach for Tulane's remaining six games following the resignation of Bob Toledo., but wound up losing all six.
NFL coaching career.
On February 11, 2012 Hutson was hired by the Oakland Raiders to be the tight ends coach under new head coach Dennis Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="20898088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898088" title="Igor Panarin">
Igor Panarin

Igor Nikolaevich Panarin (, ; born 30 October 1958) is a Russian professor and political scientist. He is best known for his hypothesis of possible disintegration of the USA into six parts in 2010, conceived by him as early as 1998 but only gaining world attention ten years later.
Igor Panarin has written 15 books and a number of articles on information warfare, psychology, and geopolitics. He is often interviewed by Russian and foreign (Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, CNN, BBC, Sky News) media on issues of Russian policy, development of relationships with the USA, etc. Panarin also has his own weekly radio programme.
He has led electoral campaigns in Russia and abroad, and his students have included parliamentary deputies, regional leaders, Kremlin officials, and Foreign Ministry spokespeople. His interests include history, philosophy, psychology, computer science, communication, election technology, conceptual problems of globalisation, and the theory and practice of information warfare.
Biography.
Panarin graduated from the Higher Military Command School of Telecommunications of the KGB (now the Academy of Federal Security Guard Service of the Russian Federation) in Oryol and the Division of Psychology of the Military-Political Academy (with a gold medal). In 1993 he defended his thesis for Candidate of Psychological Sciences, titled "Psychological Factors of the Officer's Activity in Conditions of Innovations". His Doctorate in Political Sciences was awarded by the Russian Academy of Public Administration in 1997 for a thesis titled "Informational-Psychological Support of the National Security of Russia".
Panarin began his career in the KGB of the USSR in 1976. After 1991, he worked in the FAPSI, then the Russian equivalent of the U.S. National Security Agency, reaching the Colonel rank. His field of activity was strategic analysis and integration of closed and open information streams, information stream management in crisis situations, and situation modelling of global processes. He did strategic forecasts for the then President Boris Yeltsin. From 1999 to 2003, he worked as the Head of the Analytical Division of the Central Election Commission of Russia. From 2006 to 2007, Panarin was the Press Secretary of the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roskosmos), the Russian analogue of the U.S. NASA.
Prof. Panarin started his teaching career in 1989 and has taught in the Moscow State University (MGU), the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO-University), the Russian Academy of Public Administrataion, and the Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia, where he has worked since 1999. He also carries out activities on his own. In 2004, he launched his official website. In April 2008, his first training seminar called "Information warfare – technologies for success" was held. It was targeted at top managers of state and business structures, press service managers of authorities and large corporations, anti-crisis management experts, and decision makers in time-deficit situations. On 20 May 2009, Panarin started "World politics" – his own weekly radio programme on the "Voice of Russia" radio.
Panarin is currently the dean of the Russian Foreign Ministry's school for future diplomats and appears regularly on Russian television channels.
Views and ideas.
Panarin says he is a supporter of Russia as a superstate but claims that Russia presently has no imperial ambitions. He also supports Pan-Eurasian nationalism of Nikolai Trubetzkoy. Panarin criticises Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky but recognizes Joseph Stalin for realizing a geopolitical project of his own – a synthesised historical Russian geopolitical idea of Joseph Volotsky, Philotheus, Nikolay Danilevsky and Konstantin Leontiev. In his view, after 1934 Stalin started a process of recreation of the Rus doctrine "Moscow – a Third Rome" in new historical conditions.
Panarin condemns the activity of the last General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union – Mikhail Gorbachev. On the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the latter's rise to power (on 11 March 1985), Panarin called him "the Antihero of Russia". On Panarin's initiative, an action called a "Public Tribunal against Gorbachev for the downfall of the USSR and crimes against its peoples" was carried out at the web portal "KM.ru" from 2 to 22 December 2005, resulting in 56,298 people condemning Gorbachev.
Panarin opposes the Houston programme of 1990 and criticises the Russian finance minister Alexey Kudrin for following it, saying the 2008 financial crisis in Russia is a part of it. He recommends selling oil and gas to Ukraine only for roubles (which in his view would automatically block its process of integration in NATO) and withdrawal of all Russian funds from the American "financial "Titanic"", buying gold and creating powerful Russian banks. He also recommends granting credits only in roubles.
New British Empire.
In 2005, Panarin coined the term "New British Empire", which in his view started forming in 1945 (later he said that the Dulles brothers created it) and consists of 7 levels, with the following structure (subordinate from top to bottom):
Panarin has written that the September 11 attacks in 2001 may have been aimed at replacing levels 2 and 3 of the New British Empire with China and the Chinese Commonwealth, respectively (see also his book "Information warfare and geopolitics"), accelerating the U.S. collapse, or preventing it.
Prediction of the USA's collapse in 2010.
In the summer of 1998, based on classified data about the state of the U.S. economy and society supplied to him by fellow analysts at FAPSI, Panarin forecast the probable disintegration of the USA into six parts in 2010 (at the end of June – start of July 2010, as he specified on 10 December 2008), following a civil war triggered by mass immigration, economic decline, and moral degradation. He forecast financial and demographic changes provoking a political crisis in which wealthier states will withhold funds from the federal government, effectively seceding from the Union, leading to social unrest, civil war, national division, and intervention of foreign powers. Panarin sees the task of the world elite as not letting the USA follow the Yugoslavian model of disintegration; it is desirable that it follows the Czechoslovakian model of disintegration so that everything goes calmly and peacefully.
Explaining his theory in an interview with "Izvestia", Panarin stated that "The dollar isn’t secured by anything. The country’s foreign debt has grown like an avalanche; this is a pyramid, which has to collapse...Dissatisfaction is growing, and it is only being held back at the moment by the elections, and the hope [that President-elect Barack Obama “can work miracles. But when spring comes, it will be clear that there are no miracles.”
In an interview with the "Wall Street Journal" in 2008, Panarin said:
"There's a 55-45% chance right now that disintegration will occur...One could rejoice in that process...But if we're talking reasonably, it's not the best scenario -- for Russia." Though Russia would become more powerful on the global stage, he says, its economy would suffer because it currently depends heavily on the dollar and on trade with the U.S."
In March 2009, Panarin gave a speech at the Diplomatic Academy in which he stated that "There is a high probability that the collapse of the United States will occur by 2010" and predicted that Russia and China, which will soon become economic superpowers, will need to collaborate to rebuild the world economy with a new currency once the United States (and the US Dollar) cease to exist.
This hypothesis gained world attention a decade after its initial announcement due to the 2008 financial crisis and has been widely criticised since.
In October 2011, Panarin stated that Occupy Wall Street protests have "highlighted the ever-deepening split with America's ruling elite." He also cited several American professors and analysts who he claims support his view that the United States will soon collapse, including Gerald Celente, Stephen F. Cohen, and Thomas W. Chittum.
Other ideas.
Panarin conceived a number of other ideas, given below in chronological order, which also reflect his views on the respective subjects. One of them (the rouble-denominated oil-trading exchange) has already been implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="20898095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898095" title="Kula tribe (Nigeria)">
Kula tribe (Nigeria)

The Kula tribe of the Ijaw people lives in Akuku Toru Local Government Area, southwestern Rivers State, Nigeria. The small Kalabari-speaking tribe is sometimes classified as a Kalabari community rather than as its own tribe. The tribal seat is the town of Kula. The origin of the people now known as Kula in the Eastern Niger Delta area dates back to many centuries ago with a long chequered history.The exact time of the founding of the Kula Kingdom is, how ever, not easy to come by for some prevalent reasons, being a pre-literate period. History has it that Kula is an amalgam of fourteen (14) ancient independent communities scattered around the present Kula territory. These include: Opu-Kula, Boro, Nangwo-ama, Kongo-ama, Offoinama, Isoma, Ingeje, Singi-ama,Ariama, Ibiapu-ama, Boko-ama, etc . Today, these and other satellite communities combine with the present Kula Town to make up the Kula Kingdom.
Oral traditions and recorded history portray the Kula people to be very old and well established for a long time in their present domain. Nembe traditions recall hostilities between Kula and Onyoma (one of the early seven settlements of Nembe) at a period in her early history before the reign of Kala-Ekule who regrouped together the remnants of the seven ancestor settlements (which were thitherto ravaged by either internal wars, plagues or external attacks) to form the nucleus of the city-state or kingdom of Nembe. The period of this ruler (King Kala-Ekule of Nembe) has been estimated to about 1400. Judging from this tradition of the neighbouring Nembe Kingdom gives a relative age of Kula much earlier than 1400 CE. In a similar vein, early European records reported European explorers meeting the Kula people in their present site in 1472 before moving to the New Calabar river due to some unfavourable environmental conditions (According to accounts by Dr P.Armoury-Talbot, a colonial administrator at Degema ). More over, the report of the Justice G. G. Robinson's Commission of Inquiry into the Okrika-Kalabari dispute in 1950 maintained the fact that Kula (like Bille and Ke) was establshed before the arrival of the Kalabaris at the Old Shipping (Elem-Kalabari) despite being associated with the latter through administrative convenience, inter-marriage, neighbourliness etc.
As of December 2004, Chief Daminabo Dan - Opusingi was the Chairman, Council of Chiefs (They held brief for the king) of Kula.<br>
Chief Dan Opusingi took the chairmanship from Chief Anthony Opuari who also died in the attack alongside Chief Obaye Ojuka, Chief Telema Eferebo. Since the developments of 2010, the leadership structure has the Amanyanabo-in-Council, HRM King (Sir) Dr Kroma Amabibi Eleki-Sara XIV at the helm of affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20898101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898101" title="List of 1999 box office number-one films in Australia">
List of 1999 box office number-one films in Australia

This is a list of films which placed number-one at the weekend box office in Australia during 1999. Amounts are in Australian dollars. 

</doc>
<doc id="20898120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898120" title="Save Our Surf">
Save Our Surf

Save Our Surf (SOS) was started in late 1964 by John Kelly, Jr. as a protest organization when plans were unveiled by the Army Corps of Engineers and the state of Hawaii to "broaden" the beaches of Waikiki. Using old fashioned political techniques- hand-bills, demonstrations and colorful presentations at public meetings - SOS quickly developed strong grassroots support in the community at large and expanded to mobilize forces from the community for confrontations with the establishment in the era of "people power".
The principal spokesman for the group was John Kelly. As described by Kelly in 1971, the SOS strategy was based on three simple concepts: respect the intelligence of the people, get the facts to them and help the people develop an action program.
History.
Save Our Surf was instrumental in preventing offshore development around the Islands and saving 140 surfing sites between Pearl Harbor and Koko Head.
John Kelly, Jr. died on October 3, 2007. Some of the work of SOS is continued by the Surfrider Foundation, for instance the Save Ma'alaea campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20898129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898129" title="Alex Urban">
Alex Urban

Alexander William Urban (July 16, 1917 - September 7, 2007) was an American football defensive end and a tight end in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Urban played collegiately at the University of South Carolina, and entered the NFL with the Green Bay Packers. Urban played professionally in 1941, and after fighting in World War II, played 2 more seasons with the Packers before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="20898130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898130" title="A Crystal Age">
A Crystal Age

A Crystal Age is a utopian novel/ Dystopia written by W. H. Hudson, first published in 1887. The book has been called a "significant S-F milestone" and has been noted for its anticipation of the "modern ecological mysticism" that would evolve a century later.
The book was first issued anonymously in 1887. The second edition of 1906 identified the author by name, and included a preface by Hudson. The third edition of 1916 added a foreword by Clifford Smith.
Genre.
Hudson's second novel was one element in the major wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the final decades of the 19th century and the start of the 20th, in Great Britain and the United States.
Pastoral.
Whether they wrote fiction or non-fiction, most utopian writers of Hudson's generation placed a strong emphasis on technological progress as a way to a better future; examples range from Edward Bellamy's "Looking Backward" (1888) to King Gillette's "The Human Drift" (1894) to Alexander Craig's "Ionia" (1898) to H. G. Wells's "A Modern Utopia" (1905). Conversely, though, a minority of utopian writers reacted with a skepticism toward, or even a rejection of, technological progress, and favored a return to an agrarian simplicity; these "pastoral utopias" included William Morris's "News from Nowhere" (1891) and the "Altrurian trilogy" of William Dean Howells, his "A Traveler from Altruria" (1894) and its sequels.
Hudson's "A Crystal Age" belongs securely in the latter category of pastoral utopia. The people of his imagined future possess only one piece of technology, a system of "brass globes" that produces a form of ambient music. Otherwise they have no machines and only simple devices; they plow their fields with horses and use axes to chop down trees.
Apocalypse.
Another sub-genre of the utopian literature has been termed the "apocalyptic utopia." These books anticipate a disastrous future, usually as a precursor of a later, superior phase of human development. Hudson's book follows this approach; he envisions the modern society he knew as eventually collapsing into chaos through its hubris – "For in their madness they hoped by knowledge to gain absolute dominion over nature". Modern "pride and folly" lead to "corruption and decay;" a global disaster follows,
A "small remnant" of humanity rebuilds on a more "humble" basis. Hudson sets his story more than a "hundred centuries" into a new, saner, and more balanced human culture.
Style.
As with his other books, Hudson wrote "A Crystal Age" in a rich and highly descriptive style. He paints lustrous word-pictures. In the palatial residence of the people of the new age, "a room of vast extent" has 
Toward the end of the book, the narrator applies a dusk metaphor to his declining mood: "All my thoughts, like evening clouds that appear luminous and rich in color until the sun has set, began to darken with a mysterious gloom." From there he proceeds to an evocative description of the late-autumn world around him:
Much of the prose throughout the book is equally lush.
Synopsis.
The narrator "Smith" tells his story in the first person. A traveler and amateur naturalist, he regains consciousness "under a heap of earth and stones" and believes that he had been knocked unconscious in a fall – though his thoughts and recollections are confused. He is astounded to discover that he is entwined in the roots of plants, as though they have been growing around him. Extricating himself and surveying the scene, he sees a great house in the distance, and walks toward it to seek help and information. On his way, he encounters a funeral: a group of strangely yet strikingly dressed people, led by a majestic white-bearded old man, are interring a corpse in a grave. The narrator is especially struck by a beautiful girl who is overcome by grief. She appears to be about 14 years old; though, he soon learns that this world, and everyone in it are far older than they appear. He becomes enchanted by her, and falls in love. The funeral party see him, and express surprise at his presence and his odd uncouth clothes and boots; but they allow him to accompany them to the enormous mansion where they live.
Enthralled with the girl (her name is Yoletta), and anxious to show his worth in their House, the narrator agrees to work for a year as a probationer in this community. He is constantly stumbling into misunderstandings with his new companions, for the world seems to have changed in so many extreme and incomprehensible ways. The most basic concepts of his society are unknown to these people. When he inquires about the nearest city, the old man who is "the Father of the House" thinks he is talking about a beehive. When the narrator notes that they share the English language, he is again not understood; the people of the house think they speak "the language of human beings – that is all." (Though their spoken language has changed little, the writing system is altered so much that the narrator cannot read the "Hebrew-like characters" in which their books are written.) It seems that the entire human race is now organized into communal houses like this one, with no other form of social structure, that they know of. 
The narrator struggles to adapt to this new society, as he pursues Yoletta. He is shocked to learn that all the people are much older than they appear; Yoletta is 31 years old, and the Father of the House is nearly 200. They are vegetarians, and have a strong rapport with the animals in their environment. The narrator is struck by their "rare physical beauty," their "crystal purity of heart," "ever contented and calmly glad". Yet he wonders why they have no romantic interests, and why there are no children in the community. He sometimes falls afoul of the strict rules, in which lying is a serious offense, punishable by solitary confinement. Yoletta comes to love him, but like a brother, without the heat of passion he feels for her.
In time he meets the mysterious Mother of the House, and begins to comprehend the full strangeness and differentness of their way of life. The humans of this distant future have achieved their utopian state by abandoning sexuality and romantic love. Like a beehive, or a wolf pack, only the Queen, or Alpha Male and Female, or Father and Mother of the House, in this case, reproduce. The rest of the House live communally, as siblings. The narrator despairs when he realizes that his passion for Yoletta can never be consummated; and, wonders whether he can adapt to this mode of living. He does not realize that the Mother has begone the long process of grooming himself and Yoletta to become the new Father and Mother of the House.
When he is in the library, he discovers an elaborately-carved bottle on a shelf; its inscription states that its contents provide a cure for the oppressions of "time and disease" and the thoughts or passions that "lead to madness." He takes a dose of the liquid, thinking it will cure his passion for Yoletta, which he doesn't realize she has begun to learn to reciprocate. It is only when his body grows stiff and cold that he realizes that the potion is a poison, and that the only relief from the pains of life it provides is death.
This story, of a traveler who falls in love with a mysterious, beautiful young girl with an elderly protector, anticipates the plot of Hudson's later and more famous novel, "Green Mansions".
Utopian context.
The utopian literature of Hudson's generation was strongly preoccupied with the prospect of altered gender roles and related issues; "A Crystal Age" conforms to this general tendency. Like Addison Peale Russell in "Sub-Coelum" (1893) and Alexander Craig in "Ionia" (1898), Hudson foresees a world of emotional and sexual repression. His narrator rebels against this staid world he encounters, with an urge to "repeople the peaceful world with struggling, starving millions, as in the past," as the author writes in the Preface, Nature abhors a vacuum, and the Victorian sedate world of manners, and repression, proposed as the only alternative to a Malthusian over-population catastrophe, like in Soylent Green, will only lead to a fetid, stagnation, and ultimately, depopulation, and death, of the species.
Like Hudson's "A Crystal Age", Elizabeth Corbett's 1889 novel "New Amazonia" also addresses a 19th-century man's difficulties in adapting to a proposed future society in which the gender equation has changed radically.

</doc>
<doc id="20898132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898132" title="Kumbo tribe">
Kumbo tribe

The Kumbo tribe (Kumbowei) of the Ijaw people lives in southern Delta State and northern Bayelsa State, Nigeria. The major town of Sagbama is the tribal seat. Other important Kumbo settlements include: Agoloma, Apeleibiri, Angiama. Despite being located close to one another, Kumbo towns enjoy a great deal of autonomy from central tribal authority.

</doc>
<doc id="20898134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898134" title="Free Radicals (film)">
Free Radicals (film)

Free Radicals is a black-and-white animated film short by avant-garde filmmaker Len Lye. Begun in 1958 and completed in 1979, Lye made the film by directly scratching the film stock. The resulting "figures of motion" are set to music by the Bagirmi tribe of Africa. 
In 2008, the film was added to the United States National Film Registry.
"Free Radicals" appears on the DVD "Rhythms", a collection of short films by Lye.
In "Experimental Animation : the origins of a new art", Len Lye's recollections of making "Free Radicals" are quoted:
"I made Free Radicals from 16mm black film leader, which you can get from DuPont. I took a graver, various kinds of needles. (My range included arrowheads for romanticism.) You stick down the sides with scotch tape and you get to work with scratching the stuff out. … … You hold your hand at the right height and act is if you were making your signature. It goes on forever. You can carry a pictographic design in your head and make a little design. You can't see what you're doing because your hand is in the way. That's why those things have that kind of spastic look." 

</doc>
<doc id="20898144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898144" title="Mein tribe">
Mein tribe

The Mein tribe of the Ijaw people lives along the Forcados River in Delta State, Nigeria. The Mein trace their origins to Benin City, via parts of the central Niger Delta. Important Mein settlements include Ogobiri and Kiagbodo.

</doc>
<doc id="20898156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898156" title="Nkoro tribe">
Nkoro tribe

The small Nkoro tribe of the Ijaw people lives in southeastern Rivers State, Nigeria. Nkoro settlements include: Nkoro, Ayama, Dema, The cultural traditions have been influenced by its proximity to the Andoni, the Ogoni, and the Ndoki Igbo. The Nkoro dialect is primarily Ijaw-based, but has some Igbo influences. One section of Nkoro town, Afakani, speaks an entirely different dialect from the rest of the clan. The clan sometimes refers to itself as "Kala-Kirika" ("Little Okrika"), reflecting the widely held belief that the clan was established by migrants from Okrika. Historically, the Nkoro waged war with the Ogoni. Eventually, however, a truce was negotiated and a market was established at Inyaba where the Nkoro could exchange fish for Ogoni farm goods. Wars were also fought against the Bonny and Andoni tribes.
Nkoro as a person name.
Also the word "Nkoro" is being used as a name and found among the Nta-Nsle Clan Community in Ikom L.G.A in the Northern part of the Cross River State of Nigeria. The name "Nkoro" means literally "strong or strength' 'i.e. someone to be strong or having strength in doing someting". But adding the suffix "Nkoro-isi" means literally "strong Head", the 'isi' there means 'head' which ordinarily means "stubborn-head' or someone who is 'stubborn". www.facebook.com/profnkoro

</doc>
<doc id="20898157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898157" title="Dear John (2010 film)">
Dear John (2010 film)

Dear John is a 2010 American romantic drama-war film starring Amanda Seyfried and Channing Tatum. It was made by Screen Gems, a Sony company. It was released theatrically in North America on February 5, 2010. The film was directed by Lasse Hallström, and it is an adaptation of Nicholas Sparks's novel of the same name. It follows the life of a soldier (Channing Tatum) after he falls in love with a young woman (Amanda Seyfried). They decide to exchange letters to each other after he is deployed to the war. The movie was filmed in 2009 in Charleston, South Carolina.
Despite receiving negative reviews, the film made a strong box office performance, knocking off "Avatar" after seven weekends in first place and grossing a total of $114,977,104 worldwide. The film was released on May 25, 2010 on DVD and Blu-ray.
Plot.
In 2003, John Tyree (Channing Tatum), a Staff Sergeant in the United States Army Special Forces is lying on the ground in combat gear with multiple gunshot wounds to his body. Coins begin to fall over him as, in a voiceover; he recalls a childhood trip to the U.S. Mint. He compares himself to a coin in the United States Military, and states that the last thing he thought about before he blacked out was "you".
In 2001, in Charleston, South Carolina, John is on vacation. He meets Savannah (Amanda Seyfried), a college student on spring break, when he rescues her purse from the water. Over the course of two weeks, Savannah and John fall in love. John meets Savannah's family, her neighbor, Tim Wheddon (Henry Thomas), and Tim's son, Alan (Luke Benward) who has autism.
Savannah meets John's father (Richard Jenkins), a reclusive man who seems to be obsessed with his coin collection (specifically mules), but his genuine interest draws her, to John's surprise. Savannah mentions to John that his father, like Alan, may have high-functioning autism. This upsets John, who storms off, and then gets into a fight with Savannah's friend Randy (Scott Porter) and, in the process, accidentally punches Tim. John apologizes to Tim, leaves Savannah a note, and then they spend one last day together, parting with, "I'll see you soon then" rather than goodbye.
John and Savannah continue their relationship through letters, expecting to build a life together when he leaves the army. But the recent September 11 attacks make him reconsider the army, and he ultimately chooses to re-enlist. Over the next two years, the romance goes on, through their letters. After a time, John finds himself anxiously awaiting the next letter, but when it arrives it is a Dear John letter, informing him that she has become engaged to someone else, John burns all of Savannah's letters.
Despite being wounded and encouraged to return home, John re-enlists. After four more years and many missions, while waiting to receive orders on his unit's next deployment, John is informed that his father had a stroke. When John arrives at the hospital he learns that his father is still alive but in grave condition. John writes a letter to his father, which he reads to him at the hospital; John's voiceover at the beginning of the film was from this letter, in which he told his father that the first thing to cross his mind after he was shot was coins, and the last thing to cross his mind before he lost consciousness was his dad, ultimately the most precious person in his life. Soon afterwards, his father sadly dies.
John goes to visit Savannah and is shocked to find that she has married Tim and is living with him. He learns that she had to abandon her dream of a riding camp for kids with autism because of Tim's fight against lymphoma, and John goes with her to visit him in the hospital. Tim tells John that Savannah still loves him and she has never forgotten him. That night, Savannah asks John to stay for dinner. At the table, John asks Savannah why she did not even call him and she says it was because just hearing his voice would make her change her mind. As John goes towards the door, Savannah says "I'll see you soon then". She asks him to reply the same (like they always do) but there is silence. John could not say it back because it wouldn't have the same meaning as before. John stands at the door struggling inside to decide. Savannah asks for him to say it back once again. He replies "Goodbye, Savannah" and leaves, which leaves Savannah crushed and heartbroken. John drives away knowing the decision to let her go had killed him inside. John makes a decision to sell all of his father's coin collection except the mule that John found, to raise money which could help Tim in his treatment. Back in the army, it shows John using the mule as a charm. It then shows John receiving a letter from Savannah telling him that Tim died after two months and ending with "I'll see you soon, then." The film then skips forward to show John as a civilian, having left the army, carrying his bike. He sees Savannah in a coffee shop, and they make eye-contact. The last scene ends with both of them warmly hugging one another outside the coffee shop.
Music.
The score to "Dear John" was composed by Deborah Lurie, who recorded her score with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Warner Brothers Eastwood Scoring Stage. A soundtrack album containing songs was released on February 2, 2010 from Relativity Media Group, and a score album was released digitally the same day.
Reception.
Box office.
"Dear John" debuted as the No. 1 movie with $30,468,614 in its opening weekend, knocking off "Avatar" after seven weekends in first place. The film was the second highest debut for a film opening Super Bowl weekend, just shy of "" in 2008.
It is reportedly the best debut for a film based on a Nicholas Sparks novel. By 2011 it had generated $114,977,104 at the box office.
Critical response.
The film received generally mixed to negative reviews by critics, with some praising the performances and the chemistry between Seyfried & Tatum, and commenting on the cliched plot and screenplay.
Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 1–100 reviews from film critics, has a rating score of 43% based on 34 reviews.
Awards and nominations.
Seyfried and Tatum also received Teen Choice Award and MTV Movie Award nominations for their performances in this movie.
Home media.
The film was released on May 25, 2010 on DVD and Blu-ray. It includes an alternate ending in its special features that is more in keeping with the ending of the novel, leaving the viewer to decide which is a more appropriate ending to the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20898170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898170" title="Salvia dominica">
Salvia dominica

Salvia dominica (Dominica sage, in Arabic ( Maru = مرو or "Khowwekha" = خويخة ), in (Hebrew: מרווה, marva) is a strong-scented perennial shrub found throughout the eastern Mediterranean, especially Jordan Israel,Lebanon and Syria. The branched inflorescence is one of several salvias thought to have inspired the design of the menorah. It grows to about 1 meter in height and width, and blooms in spring or early summer with pale yellow and white flowers in delicate whorls.
Biological properties.
A group of Italian and Jordanian researchers isolated twenty-four new sesterterpenes, some of them with interesting biological activity due to their interaction with tubulin-tyrosine ligase (TTL), an enzyme involved in the tyrosination cycle of the C-terminal of tubulin, and inhibit TTL activity in cancer cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20898171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898171" title="Obotebe tribe">
Obotebe tribe

The Obotebe tribe is one of the smallest Ijaw groups. The Obotebe are known for their worship of Ogini, the tribes's shared ancestor.<br>
Historically, the Obotebe have engaged in warfare with their neighbors, the Mein Ijaw and the Itsekiri. The Mein village of Gbekebo sits at the mouth of the creek that leads to Obotebe territory. The Obotebe have had good relations with the Urhobo, with whom they trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20898175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898175" title="CNN Millennium">
CNN Millennium

CNN Millennium was a 10-part series on human history from the 11th to the 20th centuries. The series represents perhaps the most ambitious undertaking to date by the network, presenting a global view of the human journey of exploration, creative spirit and intellectual achievements, as well as setbacks.
The Millennium series should not be confused with the CNN Millennium 2000 DVD, which documents the celebrations around the world to greet the arrival of the year 2000. Also, the science fiction series Millennium does not relate to the CNN Millennium series in any way, save for the similarity in name.
CNN Millennium originally aired between October and December 1999 at 10 p.m. on Sundays. Sir Jeremy Isaacs, award-winning filmmaker of "The World at War" and CNN's "Cold War," and Pat Mitchell, president of CNN Productions and Time Inc. Television, served as executive producers. The CNN web site elaborates:
Each of the 10 episodes of MILLENNIUM focuses on a single century, brought to life by five vignettes from five different locations worldwide.
Inspired by Felipe Fernandez-Armesto's book, "Millennium," and filmed in 28 countries, the series is as geographically far-ranging as the world it covers. Its producers and crews spent more than two years and traveled 100,000 miles gathering footage. MILLENNIUM reconstructs the visual images of past ages using this footage, along with vivid re-enactments and computer-generated graphic animation.
MILLENNIUM is peopled with the interesting and the provocative, among them: Native Americans who built canyon housing complexes and Ethiopians who carved churches from solid rock in the 12th century; Genghis Khan, whose 13th century Mongol warriors conquered and united central Asia; Timur, who rose from sheep-stealer to conqueror and expanded Islam's empire in the 14th century; Christopher Columbus, whose 15th century voyage changed the world; African slaves taken from their homeland to serve the Americas' new colonies in the 17th century; French explorers who endured the Arctic's cold in the 18th century; Charles Darwin, whose theories of evolution challenged the 19th century's religious certainties; and the 20th century's superstars, including Charlie Chaplin and Princess Diana.
Academy-award winner Ben Kingsley narrated Millennium. But his role remained confined to introducing the subject matter and placing it into context. Main protagonists such as Genghis Khan tell their individual stories in their native tongues, relayed to viewers through simultaneous translation.
Bernard Heyes was in charge of graphic design and animation. Richard Blackford composed the original musical score for the series.
Millennium’s ten episodes revolve around a common theme, or tool:
1. The 11th century is the Century of the Sword (referring to such calamitous events as the Norman conquest of England in 1066) 
2. The 12th century features the axe (used to fell forests in order to build fleets and housing) 
3. The stirrup moves the 13th century 
4. The scythe wreaked havoc in the 14th century, due to plague outbreaks and bad weather 
5. The sail assisted explorers in the 15th century, from China to Spain 
6. The compass was the colonizers’ tool in the 16th century 
7. The telescope fueled expanding knowledge about earth and universe in the 17th century 
8. The furnace sparked industrial and human revolutions in the 18th century 
9. The machine age began with the 19th century 
10. The series concluded with the 20th, the Century of the Globe
To complement the series, CNN Interactive created a dynamic online companion that includes animation, interactivity and 3-D effects.
Related Mini-Series.
Also in October 1999, the Arts and Entertainment Network (A&E) presented the three-part series Biography of the Millennium, hosted by Harry Smith. That miniseries celebrated the achievements of the most important 100 people of the past 1000 years. To assemble the program, Biography staff conducted a survey of scholars, scientists, journalists, artists and viewers. Among those asked to rank the 100 most important people of the millennium were Henry Kissinger, Kofi Annan, Isaac Stern, David Remnick and Bob Ballard.
The German book printer Johann Gutenberg was selected as the most influential among the field, due to having perfected a reliable way of transmitting knowledge – albeit not by unanimous consent. Isaac Newton placed second, followed by Martin Luther, Charles Darwin, William Shakespeare, Christopher Columbus, Karl Marx, Albert Einstein, Nicolaus Copernicus, and Galileo Galilei. The top 25 were discussed in more detail than the rest.
Assessment and Availability of the Two Series.
Unlike CNN, A&E appears to have taken a slightly more Eurocentric view in their selections. All of the top ten personalities featured were Europeans. On the other hand, CNN Millennium endeavours to make history accessible to a culturally and socially diverse audience through the extensive use of animation, costumes and recreating places of historical significance around the world.
To date, both the CNN and Biography of the Millennium series have been made available only on VHS cassettes. A DVD has not been produced, although a CD of the Millennium soundtrack was available at the time of the broadcast.
Schools have been using some of the episodes for instruction. Episode summaries are available on the Internet. Also, the episode on the 15th century (the sail) can be viewed on You Tube.

</doc>
<doc id="20898181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898181" title="Geometric combinatorics">
Geometric combinatorics

Geometric combinatorics is a branch of mathematics in general and combinatorics in particular. It includes a number of subareas such as polyhedral combinatorics (the study of faces of convex polyhedra), convex geometry (the study of convex sets, in particular combinatorics of their intersections), and discrete geometry, which in turn has many applications to computational geometry. Other important areas include metric geometry of polyhedra, such as the Cauchy theorem on rigidity of convex polytopes. The study of regular polytopes, Archimedean solids, and kissing numbers is also a part of geometric combinatorics. Special polytopes are also considered, such as the permutohedron, associahedron and Birkhoff polytope. 

</doc>
<doc id="20898182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898182" title="2007 Edmonton Eskimos season">
2007 Edmonton Eskimos season

The Edmonton Eskimos finished 4th in the West division with a 5–12–1 record and failed to make the playoffs.
Offseason.
Transactions.
"*Later traded to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats"<br>
"**Later traded to the Saskatchewan Roughriders"
Regular season.
Season schedule.
Total attendance: 331,591<br>
Average attendance: 36,843 (61.3%)
Awards and records.
None
All-Star selections.
None

</doc>
<doc id="20898186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898186" title="2009 Buffalo Bills season">
2009 Buffalo Bills season

The 2009 Buffalo Bills season was the 50th Professional Football season for the original American Football League team, and its 40th in the NFL. The Bills were unable to improve upon their third consecutive 7–9 regular season record (2006, 2007, and 2008) and failed to make the playoffs for the 10th consecutive year, the longest standing playoff drought in the NFL.
Dick Jauron returned as head coach for a fourth season, the first Bills coach since Marv Levy to receive a contract extension beyond three years. He was fired on November 17 after a 3–6 start and replaced on an interim basis by defensive coordinator Perry Fewell. Perry Fewell chose to start Ryan Fitzpatrick for the rest of the 11 weeks.
Offseason.
NFL Draft.
The Bills drafted three players – Eric Wood, Andy Levitre and Jairus Byrd – who would later become starters on the team. Byrd was runner-up in Defensive Rookie of the Year voting. First round pick Aaron Maybin was released from the Bills shortly before the 2011 season, after two disappointing seasons with the team.
Schedule.
Preseason.
The Bills were selected to play against the Tennessee Titans in the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game on August 9, 2009; the game seeks to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the American Football League. Bills owner Ralph Wilson was among the 2009 inductees to the Hall and is one of the two surviving original AFL owners, along with Titans owner Bud Adams. Each team wore their AFL throwback uniforms, with the Titans in Houston Oilers uniforms.
Regular season.
The Bills played a 16-game schedule in 2009, in accordance with the NFL scheduling formula. The schedule consisted of six games against their AFC East divisional rivals (two each against the Miami Dolphins, New England Patriots, and New York Jets), four intra-conference games versus the AFC South (one game each against the Houston Texans, Indianapolis Colts, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Tennessee Titans), four inter-conference games against teams from the NFC South (one game each against the Atlanta Falcons, Carolina Panthers, New Orleans Saints, and Tampa Bay Buccaneers), and two games against the remaining two AFC teams that, like Buffalo, finished fourth in their respective divisions in 2008 (one game each versus the Cleveland Browns and Kansas City Chiefs). For the first time, the Bills faced the Buccaneers in Buffalo; in the 33-year history of the Tampa Bay franchise, all previous regular-season games between the two teams have been held in Tampa, Florida.
Regular season.
Week 1.
The Bills began their season at Gillette Stadium for an AFL Legacy duel with their AFC East rival, the New England Patriots, in the first game of a MNF doubleheader. Buffalo got off to a fast start in the first quarter as quarterback Trent Edwards completed an 11-yard touchdown pass to rookie tight end Shawn Nelson. The Patriots would respond in the second quarter as running back Fred Taylor got a 1-yard touchdown run, yet Buffalo came right back as defensive end Aaron Schobel returned an interception 26 yards for a touchdown. New England would close out the half with kicker Stephen Gostkowski getting a 20-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Bills would add to their lead as kicker Rian Lindell made a 40-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Patriots replied with Gostkowski nailing a 28-yard field goal. Buffalo would increase their lead as Edwards completed a 10-yard touchdown pass to running back Fred Jackson. With just over 5 minutes to play, The Patriots would strike back as quarterback Tom Brady completed an 18-yard touchdown pass to tight end Benjamin Watson (with a failed two-point conversion). On the ensuing kickoff, cornerback Leodis McKelvin got the kickoff from his own endzone and got as far as the Bills 31-yard line, where he was stripped of the ball and New England's Gostkowski recovered. This would eventually set up Brady's 16-yard touchdown pass to Watson (with another failed two-point conversion). With under a minute to play Buffalo tried to respond, but the Patriots' defense was too much to overcome.
With the bitter loss, the Bills began their season at 0–1.
Week 2.
Hoping to rebound from a tough loss to the Patriots, the Bills would play their Week 2 home opener in an interconference duel with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. This would be the first time that Buffalo ever hosted Tampa Bay in a regular season game, since they played a preseason game with each other in 1977.
In the first quarter, the Bills came out firing as quarterback Trent Edwards completed a 32-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Lee Evans, safety Donte Whitner returning an interception 76 yards for a touchdown, and kicker Rian Lindell making a 31-yard field goal. The Buccaneers would get on the board in the second quarter as quarterback Byron Leftwich completed a 42-yard touchdown pass to tight end Kellen Winslow, while Buffalo replied with Lindell getting a 43-yard field goal. Tampa Bay would close out the half as Leftwich completed an 8-yard touchdown pass to running back Carnell "Cadillac" Williams.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Bills began to pull away as Lindell got a 43-yard field goal and Edwards completed a 43-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Terrell Owens. The Buccaneers tried to rally as Leftwich completed a 6-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jerramy Stevens (with a failed two-point conversion), yet Buffalo closed out the game with Lindell nailing a 20-yard field goal.
With the win, the Bills improved to 1–1.
Week 3.
Coming off their win the Buccaneers, the Bills stayed at home for a Week 3 interconference duel with the New Orleans Saints. Buffalo would trail early as Saints running back Lynell Hamilton got a 1-yard touchdown run. The Bills would answer in the second quarter on a fake field goal attempt, punter Brian Moorman threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to defensive end Ryan Denney. New Orleans would close out the half with kicker John Carney's 27-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, the Saints took control in the fourth quarter with running back Pierre Thomas' 34-yard touchdown run, Carney's 35-yard field goal, and Thomas' 19-yard touchdown run.
With the loss, Buffalo fell to 1–2.
Week 4.
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Saints, the Bills flew to Land Shark Stadium for a Week 4 AFC East duel with the Miami Dolphins. After a scoreless first quarter, Buffalo would find themselves trailing in the second as Dolphins kicker Dan Carpenter got a 33-yard field goal, followed by cornerback Vontae Davis returning an interception 23 yards for a touchdown. The Bills would get on the board with a 35-yard field goal from kicker Rian Lindell, but Miami would answer with running back Ronnie Brown's 1-yard touchdown run.
The Dolphins' domination continued into the third quarter with quarterback Chad Henne completing a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Brian Hartline, followed by a 1-yard touchdown run by running back Ricky Williams. Buffalo tried to salvage the game in the fourth quarter with quarterback Trent Edwards completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide recevier Josh Reed, but Miami would close out the game with Brown's 4-yard touchdown pass.
With the loss, the Bills fell to 1–3.
Week 5.
The Bills, hoping to shake off a loss to the winless Miami Dolphins on the road the week before, faced the 0–4 Cleveland Browns at Ralph Wilson Stadium. The wind played a factor throughout the game, making it difficult for both teams to sustain drives in the air. The Browns and Bills traded punts in the first quarter until the Bills had a drive end at their own 47 after turning it over on downs. This stop led to the only points of the first half by the Browns, a 24-yard field goal by backup kicker Billy Cundiff. Cundiff was the starter at kicker for the Browns due to the injury to their regular kicker Phil Dawson.
In the second half, the longest drive by the Bills in the game was in their opening possession, which led to a successful 36-yard field goal by Bills kicker Rian Lindell to tie the game at 3. Later in the third quarter, each quarterback threw an interception, first Trent Edwards of the Bills to cornerback Eric Wright of the Browns, and then Derek Anderson of the Browns to Bills' safety Jairus Byrd. Deadlocked at 3 apiece going into the fourth quarter, both offenses continued to be stifled. However, a special teams blunder by Bills punt returner Roscoe Parrish allowed the Browns to set up at the Buffalo 16-yard line after Parrish muffed the punt. From this turnover, the Browns were able to win the game on an 18-yard field goal by Cundiff with 23 seconds left to play. This loss dropped the Bills' record to 1–4, with the division rival New York Jets next up on the schedule in the Meadowlands. The Browns improved their record to 1–4. During the game, the Bills lost two defensive starters to injury who were carted off the field- linebacker Kawika Mitchell and linebacker Marcus Buggs.
In this loss, the Bills earned the dubious distinction of losing to a quarterback with the worst completion percentage in NFL history in a win, the Browns Derek Anderson, who completed just 2 out of 17 passes for just 23 yards- a percentage of 11%. It should be noted that Joe Ferguson (Buffalo) won a game on September 29, 1974 against the New York Jets while completing neither of his two pass attempts.
Week 6.
Trying to snap a three-game losing streak, the Bills flew to The Meadowlands for a Week 6 AFC East duel with the New York Jets. In the first quarter, Buffalo got the initial strike as kicker Rian Lindell got a 33-yard field goal. The Jets would answer with a 23-yard field goal from kicker Jay Feely. New York would take the lead in the second quarter Feely's 41-yard field goal and running back Thomas Jones' 71-yard touchdown run.
In the third quarter, the Bills fought back as Lindell nailed a 25-yard field goal, followed by quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick completing a 37-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Lee Evans. Both teams would fight hard throughout the fourth quarter and eventually, Lindell got a chance to kick a last-second field goal. However, his 46-yard attempt went wide right, sending the game into overtime. In overtime, both teams would slug it out with each other throughout most of the quarter. In the end, Buffalo emerged victorious as Lindell booted the game-winning 47-yard field goal.
With the win, not only did the Bills improve to 2–4, but the defense managed to record five interceptions (two for rookie safety Jairus Byrd, one for safety George Wilson, one for cornerback Reggie Corner, and one for linebacker Paul Posluszny).
Starting quarterback Trent Edwards (5/5 for 43 yards) left the game in the second quarter with a concussion.
Week 7.
Coming off their thrilling overtime road win over the Jets, the Bills flew to Bank of America Stadium for a Week 7 interconference duel with the Carolina Panthers. With quarterback Trent Edwards recovering from a concussion, quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick was given the start.
Buffalo delivered the opening charge in the first quarter with a 7-yard touchdown run from running back Marshawn Lynch. In the second quarter, the Panthers got on the board as defensive tackle Hollis Thomas tackled running back Fred Jackson in his own endzone for a safety.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Bills increased their lead in the fourth quarter with Fitzpatrick completing a 2-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Lee Evans, followed by a 29-yard field goal from kicker Rian Lindell. Carolina tried to rally as running back DeAngelo Williams got a 15-yard touchdown run, yet Buffalo pulled away with Lindell's 22-yard field goal.
With the win, the Bills improved to 3–4.
Week 8.
Coming off their road win over the Panthers, the Bills went home for a Week 8 duel with the Houston Texans. In the first quarter, Buffalo struck first as wide receiver Terrell Owens got a 29-yard touchdown run. The Texans would answer in the second quarter with a 42-yard and a 22-yard field goal from kicker Kris Brown. The Bills would end the half with kicker Rian Lindell's 21-yard field goal.
Houston would creep closer in the third quarter with Brown booting a 26-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Texans would take the lead and never look back as running back Ryan Moats got three touchdown runs of 11 yards (followed by quarterback Matt Schaub's 2-point conversion pass to wide receiver Andre Johnson), 1 yard, and 3 yards.
With the loss, Buffalo went into their bye week at 3–5.
Despite the loss, rookie safety Jairus Byrd once again had two interceptions. He would become the first rookie and only the second player in NFL history to have three-straight multi-interception games.
Week 10.
Coming off their bye week, the Bills flew to LP Field, donned their throwbacks, and played a Week 10 AFL Legacy game with the Tennessee Titans. In the first quarter, Buffalo struck first with a trick play as running back Fred Jackson completed a 27-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Lee Evans. The Titans would answer with a 28-yard touchdown run from running back Chris Johnson and quarterback Vince Young's 14-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Washington. Tennessee would add onto their lead in the second quarter with a 38-yard field goal from kicker Rob Bironas. The Bills would close out the half with quarterback Trent Edwards' 8-yard touchdown pass to Evans.
Buffalo would tie the game in the third quarter with kicker Rian Lindell nailing a 25-yard field goal, but the Titans would pull away in the fourth quarter with Johnson's 1-yard touchdown run, Bironas' 51-yard field goal, safety Vincent Fuller returning an interception 26 yards for a touchdown, and cornerback Rod Hood returning an interception 31 yards for a touchdown.
With the loss, not only did the Bills fall to 3–6, but head coach Dick Jauron would get fired two days later.
Week 11.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Titans, the Bills flew to Jacksonville Municipal Stadium for an intraconference duel with the Jacksonville Jaguars. In the 1st quarter Buffalo trailed early as kicker Josh Scobee made a 29-yard field goal. Then the Bills came on top with kicker Rian Lindell hitting a 26 and a 28-yard field goal. The Bills fell behind in the 2nd quarter when RB Maurice Jones-Drew got a 3-yard touchdown run. Then the Bills would score to end the half with Lindell nailing a 22-yard field goal.
In the third quarter Buffalo took the lead with QB Ryan Fitzpatrick making a 98-yard touchdown pass to WR Terrell Owens (with a failed 2-point conversion attempt). In the fourth quarter Buffalo fell behind again with QB David Garrard making a 3-yard touchdown pass to WR Mike Sims-Walker (With a successful QB sneak to make the two-point conversion).
With the loss, the Bills fell to 3–7.
Week 12.
Trying to snap a three-game losing streak, the Bills went home, donned their throwback uniforms, and played a Week 12 AFC East rematch with the Miami Dolphins. After a scoreless first quarter, Buffalo would trail early in the second quarter as Dolphins quarterback Chad Henne threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Brian Hartline. The Bills would tie the game with quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick getting an impressive 31-yard touchdown run.
Miami would retake the lead in the third quarter with a 1-yard touchdown run from running back Ricky Williams, yet Buffalo's offense would explode with points in the fourth quarter. It would begin with running back Fred Jackson's 3-yard touchdown run and continued with kicker Rian Lindell booting a 56-yard field goal. Afterwards, Fitzpatrick would hook up with wide receiver Terrell Owens on a 51-yard touchdown pass, while Jackson got a 7-yard touchdown run.
With the win, the Bills improved to 4–7.
Week 13.
In their second-ever regular season game north of the border, Buffalo traveled to Toronto to take on divisional rivals the New York Jets. The team traded field goals in the first quarter before the Bills took a 10–6 lead after a 15-yard touchdown run from Marshawn Lynch. The Jets regained the lead after quarterback Mark Sanchez threw a 13-yard touchdown pass to Braylon Edwards.
The teams went scoreless in the third quarter that was notable for Sanchez suffering a sprained Posterior cruciate ligament to his right knee. The team again traded field goals in the final quarter. Buffalo had a chance to take the lead or at least tie in the final two minutes, but quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick threw an interception to Darrelle Revis which sealed the victory for the Jets.
With the loss, Buffalo fell to 4–8, and are 1–2 since firing former head coach Dick Jauron.
Week 17.
Buffalo won its season finale for the first time since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20898207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898207" title="Ogbe tribe">
Ogbe tribe

The Ogbe tribe of the Ijaw people lives along the creek that lie south of the city of Warri in Delta State, Nigeria. The settlements of Ogbe-Ijoh and Diobiri are considered Ogbe territory. Each town is autonomous; there is no central tribal authority. The town of Isaba is considered by some to be its own tribe; others see it as part of the Ogbe.
The Ogbe tribe traces its historical origins to the migrations by members of the Ekeremor and Seimbiri tribes in the western Niger Delta. The Ogbe claim to have arrived at the site of Warri before the Itsekiri. This outstanding claim on Warri (territory that is widely considered to be Itsekiri) is a source of tension that may increase in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20898224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898224" title="Peter Popovich">
Peter Popovich

Peter Stephen Popovich (November 27, 1920 - March 29, 1996) was an American lawyer, politician, and judge from Minnesota. He is the only person in the state's history to serve as both Chief Judge of the Minnesota Court of Appeals and Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court. 
Popovich was born in Crosby, Minnesota in 1920. He earned degrees from the University of Minnesota and William Mitchell College of Law (then the St. Paul College of Law) in 1942 and 1947, respectively. He was in private practice in the Twin Cities from 1947 to 1983, while also serving in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1953 to 1963.
Upon the creation of the state Court of Appeals in 1983, Governor Rudy Perpich appointed Popovich to be Chief Judge. Perpich elevated him to the Supreme Court in 1987, and named him Chief Justice in 1989. Popovich resigned as Chief Justice in late 1990, having reached mandatory retirement age.
Following his retirement from the Supreme Court, Popovich joined the Minneapolis law firm of Briggs & Morgan. He died in early 1996 at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20898256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898256" title="Christopher Newport Captains football">
Christopher Newport Captains football

The Christopher Newport Captains football team represents Christopher Newport University in the NCAA Division III, competing as part of the USA South Athletic Conference (USA South). Christopher Newport (CNU) plays its home games at the 4,200 seat Pomoco Stadium, which is located on-campus in Newport News, Virginia. Competing since 2001, the Captains are led by head coach Matt Kelchner.
History.
By the late 1990s, the prospect of bringing football to Christopher Newport was gaining momentum from both students and the administration alike. On December 16, 1999, the CNU Board of Visitors voted in favor of starting a football program to compete at the Division III level by the 2001 season. By Spring 2000, the initial schedule was released for play in the Dixie Conference in 2001, and on May 9, 2000, Matt Kelchner was announced as the program's first head coach. In the Captains history, the program has captured six co-conference and one outright conference championship in addition to making seven appearances in the Division III playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20898317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898317" title="HMS Eridge">
HMS Eridge

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Eridge":

</doc>
<doc id="20898325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898325" title="Shea Smith">
Shea Smith

Shea Smith (born October 27, 1986) is a former American college football quarterback for the Air Force Academy football program.
High school.
Smith attended Permian High School in his hometown of Odessa, Texas, where he lettered in football under his father. During his high school career, he also lettered once in basketball and baseball. During his senior season, Smith was named to the second-team all-district football team.
College career.
Smith decided to attend the United States Air Force Academy near Colorado Springs, Colorado, after not receiving offers from his top four schools—Iowa, Texas A&M, Southern Methodist, and Texas Christian.
Under then-head coach Fisher DeBerry, Smith saw no varsity playing time in his freshman season, though did play for the program's junior varsity teams. In his sophomore season in 2006, he made his varsity debut in the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy against rival Army in a 43–7 victory, but did not accumulate any stats. His second appearance came at the end of the season in a 38–14 loss to TCU. In his sophomore year, Smith accumulated three rushes for a total of zero yards.
In the 2007 season, Smith saw more playing time on the varsity squad under head coach Troy Calhoun, though was still primarily a backup. His season debut came in a 34–3 victory over South Carolina State. He rushed once, for a six-yard gain. In the 2007 Armed Forces Bowl against the California Golden Bears, Smith stepped in as quarterback in the third quarter after starter Shaun Carney left the game with an injury. After not completing his first career pass, Smith connected with wide receiver Travis Dekker for a 13-yard gain. He ended the game 45 yards passing and 33 yards rushing in the Falcons' 42–36 loss. He made six appearances during the season.
Smith entered his senior year at Air Force, uncertain if he would be the starting quarterback. However, on August 11, coach Troy Calhoun released a two-week depth chart, which named Smith as starter. In his first collegiate start, Smith passed for 75 yards and one touchdown, as well as rushing for 91 yards and another score, en route 41–7 blowout win over Southern Utah. Smith's first top-20 opponent came on September 20, 2008, when Air Force faced in-conference opponents #20 Utah. He completed 7-of-13 passing for 138 yards, one touchdown, and two interceptions. However, Air Force lost their first game of the season, 30–23—rallying for 14 points in the fourth quarter. Midway through the season, however, Smith was benched in favor of freshman quarterback Tim Jefferson. After being demoted to second-string quarterback, Smith saw very little action throughout the remainder of the season and did not play in five games. He saw some action in Air Force's final regular season game in a 44-10 loss to TCU.
The Falcons finished the regular season 8–4., including a bowl bid to the 2008 Armed Forces Bowl against Houston, who Air Force had previously defeated 31–28 earlier in the season. Jefferson got the start in the 34–28 loss, though Smith did play some part during the game.
Smith served as a graduate assistant coach for the Falcons, during the 2009 season, under Troy Calhoun.
Personal life.
Smith was born to parents Scott and Kelly Smith in Odessa, Texas. He is one of their two children. Shea's younger brother (Braden Smith) currently plays football for SMU. Shea became a high school coach in his alma mater in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20898327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898327" title="Andy Quy">
Andy Quy

Andrew "Andy" Quy (born 4 July 1976) is a retired English footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently the goalkeeping coach at Stoke City.
Career.
Quy was born in Harlow and began his career with Tottenham Hotspur on a YTS contract. After failing to make the grade at Spurs Quy moved on to Derby County as a young professional and also spent time out on loan at Stalybridge Celtic. After another unsuccessful time at Grimsby Town he had short spells with Stevenage Borough and Kettering Town before finally finding regular football with Hereford United. However his career was cut short by injury and Quy retired and decided to take up coaching. 
He began working with Derby County's and Aston Villa's Academy before working with the first team at Lincoln City. In 2007 he joined Stoke City as goalkeeping coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20898330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898330" title="CEFET">
CEFET

The Federal Centers of Technological Education (Portuguese: ""Centro Federal de Educação Tecnológica"", shortened CEFET) are Brazilian educational institutes which are directly linked to the Ministry of Education. They are focused on high school, technical high school and academic degrees linked to technology. Many of them offer academic degrees, just like Universities.
After December 28, 2008, most of them were transformed into Federal Institutes of Education, Science and Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20898337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898337" title="Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed">
Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed

Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed (RASFF) is a system for reporting food issues within the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20898338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898338" title="Rufus T. Bush">
Rufus T. Bush

Rufus T. Bush (February 22, 1840 – September 15, 1890) was an American businessman, oil refining industrialist, and yachtsman. His notable testimony against Standard Oil's monopolistic practices through railroad rebates left a lasting impression, while the 1887 transatlantic ocean race of his sailing yacht "Coronet" and his subsequent circumnavigation on the same yacht evoked much interest in the national press.
Early life and career.
Rufus T. Bush and his son Irving T. Bush are descended from Jan Bosch, a native of the Netherlands, who immigrated to New Amsterdam, now New York, in 1662. It is not clear if their family has any known connection to the family of Presidents George H. W. and George W. Bush. 
Born in Tompkins County, New York, Rufus T. Bush grew up on his father's farm, then moved to Michigan in 1851. After graduating from Lansing High School, and spending two years at the State Agricultural College (now Michigan State University) and graduating in 1861 from the Michigan State Normal School (now Eastern Michigan University) in Ypsilanti, he and his wife were schoolteachers for two years.
Rufus T. Bush started in business by selling sewing machines in Chicago. He briefly moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada for the manufacture of machines before moving to New York City. He greatly profited by procuring the names and addresses of ministers around the United States and direct-mailing their congregations to sell wire laundry line.
Oil and Standard Oil.
After the laundry-line venture and other business enterprises, such as buying land in the mountains of Virginia, Rufus T. Bush invested in the oil refining business, providing capital for the new firm of Bush & Denslow, which operated an oil refinery on the South Brooklyn waterfront. The refinery at 25th Street in the part of Brooklyn now called Sunset Park was destroyed by fire in 1881 and rebuilt in Bay Ridge.
As co-owner of a smaller refinery, Rufus T. Bush publicly testified in 1879 against Standard Oil's practice of railroad rebates, stating that, "All the profit that the Standard Oil got, they out of the railroad in the form of rebates." Academic historians recently described Bush's testimony as notable for its "quotable accusations" that subsequently became a "cliché permanently included" in histories of Standard Oil. Muckraker Ida Tarbell published verbatim Rufus T. Bush's testimony concerning Standard Oil's hold over railroad lines and the effects of these discriminatory practices within the body of her landmark book "The History of the Standard Oil Company" in 1904.
Bush & Denslow's Brooklyn refinery was later bought by Standard Oil during the 1880s, allowing Rufus to retire from business. The refinery itself was dismantled by Standard Oil.
The yacht "Coronet".
After winning the 3,000-mile race and the $10,000 purse, Rufus T. Bush decided to sell the "Coronet" and listed the vessel in England for $30,000. Rufus and his family (including his son Irving T. Bush) then circumnavigated the globe on the "Coronet" in 1888, stopping in Hawaii, Japan, India, and elsewhere. The "Coronet" was sold before Rufus's death in 1890.
Legacy.
Rufus T. Bush died on September 15, 1890, after accidentally taking a fatal dose of aconite. He left an estate estimated at $2,000,000 to his wife and two sons. The family quickly incorporated under the name The Bush Co.
Rufus T. Bush's fortune provided the necessary seed money for his son Irving T. Bush to start the construction of Bush Terminal on the waterfront site of the former Bush & Denslow refinery in Brooklyn during the 1890s. Among other contributions, the terminal funded construction of Bush Tower, a landmark skyscraper on famous 42nd St. next to Times Square in New York, as well as the building of Bush House, London, an elaborate office building that housed the BBC World Service from 1941 until Jul 2012.
After passing through a succession of owners, the "Coronet" is currently being restored in Newport, Rhode Island. It is the oldest registered yacht in the United States and is one of the last remaining grand sailing yachts from the nineteenth century. It retains its elaborate original interiors and is registered on the U.S National Register of Historic Places (#04000571).

</doc>
<doc id="20898346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898346" title="Frigorífico Anglo del Uruguay">
Frigorífico Anglo del Uruguay

The Frigorífico Anglo del Uruguay was a meatpacking plant located at Fray Bentos, Uruguay, on the Uruguay River bank.
In 1924, the Vestey group purchases the old installations of Liebig Extract of Meat Company and the production goes on under a new name.
During its peak period, El Anglo had 5,000 workers whose ranks included English, Belgians, Russians, Spanish and Italians. It finally closed in 1979 after Europe and the United States had cut back their purchases from Latin America. Small brick houses with thick walls running along the river's edge in Fray Bentos form the "Barrio Anglo," a city-within-a-city where meatpacking workers lived that featured a hospital, a school, a social club and a football squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20898399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898399" title="SS Duilio">
SS Duilio

She was laid down in 1914 and launched on January 9, 1916 in the Ansaldo Yard but was not complete until 1923. She made her maiden voyage on October 29, 1923 from Naples to New York. As regards emergency, it widely exceeded the norms of the time, as an example it had 17 compartments ponds against the 12 demands for the first international conference of London of the human life at sea (could therefore float also with 4 compartments floods). 
First between the Italian steamships, it had a complete system of anti-roll cases. The ship was constructed for the Naples–New York but was later transferred to Genoa–Buenos Aires route on July 24, 1928, with engines to vapor and combustion to coal. It came later on adapted for the combustion of Naphta and Pristava subsequently service on the new Italian line of the South Africa with "Giulio Cesare".
She was chartered to Lloyd Triestino in 1933 and then transferred to Lloyd Triestino in 1936 and was laid up in 1940. In 1942, during the Second World War, SS "Duilio" was briefly chartered to the International Red Cross for a time before being laid-up at the port of Trieste as well as "Giulio Cesare" in 1943. The SS "Duilio" was sunk there on July 10, 1944 along with the "Giulio Cesare", she was attacked by Allied aircraft. Her wreckage was refloated and scrapped in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20898408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898408" title="Sleiman Hajjar">
Sleiman Hajjar

Sleiman Hajjar (May 13, 1950 — March 10, 2002) was the Melkite Catholic bishop of Canada. Hajjar was born in Jezzine, Lebanon and graduated from St. Joseph University and from the Pontifical University of the Holy Spirit in Lebanon. Ordained a priest on August 4, 1979, he served in Lebanon before coming to Canada in 1995 and was posted to Saints Peter and Paul Parish in Ottawa. He was consecrated a bishop in 1998 and served as eparch for the 40,000 Melkite Catholics in Canada. He was considered a dynamic pastor and was particularly known for his work with youth, both in Lebanon and in Canada. While in Lebanon Hajjar established a variety of humanitarian relief efforts focused on helping children caught in the upheaval of the Lebanese civil war.
Hajjar died of a heart attack while on holiday in Florida. He was succeeded as bishop by Ibrahim Ibrahim.

</doc>
<doc id="20898414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898414" title="University of Medical Technology, Mandalay">
University of Medical Technology, Mandalay

The University of Medical Technology, Mandalay (, ; formerly, the Institute of Paramedical Science, Mandalay), located in Patheingyi, Mandalay, is one of three institutions of higher learning specialized in paramedical science in Myanmar. The university offers four-year Bachelor of Medical Technology (BMTech) degree programs for Physiotherapy, Radiography and Medical Technology. The university accepts 180 students a year.
Programs.
The university offers the following three four-year BMTech programs. Each program accepts 60 students a year. The language of instruction is English.
Departments.
The university consists of 12 academic departments.

</doc>
<doc id="20898421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898421" title="2009 Philadelphia Eagles season">
2009 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 2009 Philadelphia Eagles season was the 77th season for the team in the National Football League. After advancing to their fifth NFC Championship game in eight years, the Eagles improved upon their 9–6–1 record and second-place finish in the NFC East in their 2008 campaign. For head coach Andy Reid, this is his 11th season as the coach of the Eagles.
Players.
Free agents in 2009.
"RFA": Restricted free-agent, "UFA": Unrestricted free-agent, "ERFA": Exclusive rights free agent
Regular season results.
Week 1.
The Eagles began their season at Bank of America Stadium for a Week 1 duel with the Carolina Panthers. Philadelphia trailed early in the first quarter as Panthers running back DeAngelo Williams ran 11 yards for a Carolina touchdown on their first drive. The Eagles answered with a 49-yard field goal from kicker David Akers. In the second quarter, Philadelphia exploded with points as defensive end Victor Abiamiri returned a fumble 2 yards for a touchdown, wide receiver DeSean Jackson returned a punt 85 yards for a touchdown, and quarterback Donovan McNabb completed a 9-yard TD pass to tight end Brent Celek and a 4-yard touchdown pass to running back Brian Westbrook. Carolina ended the period with kicker John Kasay booting a 22-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Eagles closed out their scoring with McNabb scoring on a 3-yard touchdown run. However, he was hit late by several Carolina tacklers who cracked his ribs on the right side, knocking him out of the game. Kevin Kolb came in for McNabb and closed out the game for the victorious Eagles.
With the win, Philadelphia began their season at 1–0.
Week 2.
Coming off their road win over the Panthers, the Eagles played their Week 2 home opener against the New Orleans Saints. Due to the rib injury to quarterback Donovan McNabb, backup quarterback Kevin Kolb was named the starter.
In the first quarter, Philadelphia trailed as Saints quarterback Drew Brees completed a 15-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Marques Colston. The Eagles would answer with Kolb completing a 71-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver DeSean Jackson, but New Orleans replied with kicker John Carney making a 23-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Philadelphia would tie the game again as kicker David Akers got a 23-yard field goal. However, the Saints struck back as Brees hooked up with Colston again on a 25-yard touchdown pass. The Eagles would close out the half as Akers made a 32-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, New Orleans began to pull away as Brees completed an 11-yard touchdown pass to fullback Heath Evans, along with running back Mike Bell getting a 7-yard touchdown. Philadelphia would answer with Kolb completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jason Avant. In the fourth quarter, the Saints continued to pull away as running back Reggie Bush got a 19-yard touchdown run. The Eagles would get a score as Brees fumbled the ball out of his own end zone, giving Philadelphia a safety. However, the Saints closed out their victory march as safety Darren Sharper returned an interception 97 yards for a touchdown.
With the loss, Philadelphia fell to 1–1.
Week 3.
The Eagles entered their second home game of the season at 1–1 and facing an 0–2 Kansas City Chiefs team. Kevin Kolb once again started in place of the injured Donovan McNabb and starting running back Brian Westbrook, starting left guard Todd Herremans (who had been out the first two weeks as well), and number two wide receiver Kevin Curtis all missed the game as well. Nevertheless, the Eagles struck first as rookie RB LeSean McCoy, starting in place of Westbrook, scored on a five-yard touchdown scamper. Later in the first quarter, Kevin Kolb scored his first ever NFL rushing TD on a quarterback sneak to put Philadelphia up 14–0 at the end of the first quarter.
In the second quarter, Matt Cassel scored the Chiefs' first touchdown of the game on a nice pass to a leaping Mark Bradley over the head of CB Ellis Hobbs to cut the Eagles' lead to seven. However, Philadelphia bounced back as Kevin Kolb hooked up with DeSean Jackson for a 64 yard score. The Eagles tacked on an Akers field goal to go up 24–7 at the half.
The Philadelphia defense which had been great all day continued to do their jobs in the third quarter and the Kansas City began to step up their game as the only score of the third period was a 38-yard field goal kick by David Akers, putting the Eagles up 27–7.
In the fourth quarter, Kevin Kolb tossed another touchdown pass, this time to starting third-year TE Brent Celek. It was Philly's last score of the game and put them up 34–7. Matt Cassel began to rally the Chiefs and drove them down the field, scoring a touchdown on a nine-yard pass to Bobby Wade, making the score 34–14. However, the Chiefs were unable to get on the board again and 34–14 was the final score. Kolb is the first quarterback to throw at least 300 yards in his first 2 career starts.
With the win, the Eagles went into their bye week at 2–1.
Week 5.
The Eagles returned from their Week 4 bye against an 0–4 Tampa Bay Buccaneers team, Philadelphia's second straight game against a winless team. Donovan McNabb and Brian Westbrook returned from injury but Kevin Curtis once again was inactive and Jeremy Maclin made his third consecutive start.
On Donovan McNabb's first play back, he scrambled 13 yards, and on the very next play, he found wide receiver Jeremy Maclin deep in the end zone for a 51-yard touchdown.
In the second quarter, Donovan McNabb hit fullback Leonard Weaver in the flat and Weaver took it in for a 20-yard touchdown. The Buccaneers answered soon after as quarterback Josh Johnson, making his second career NFL start, connected with tight end Kellen Winslow in the end one for a nine yard score. The Eagles ended the second half with another McNabb-to-Maclin TD hookup, this one of 40 yards.
In the third quarter, the two teams fought back and forth but the only score was for Philadelphia as running back Brian Westbrook, one play after lining up wide and catching a twenty-yard pass from McNabb, ran the ball seven yards into the end zone to put the Eagles up 28–7.
Kicker David Akers booted a 44-yard field goal in the fourth quarter to put Philly up 31–7, but the Bucs fought back as Josh Johnson and Kellen Winslow hooked up again on another nine-yard touchdown. After a Sav Rocca punt left the Buccaneers deep in their own territory, DE Darren Howard tackled Tampa Bay halfback Carnell "Cadillac" Williams in the end zone for a safety.
The final score was 33–14 as the Eagles improved to 3–1. Andy Reid earned his 100th career victory with the Eagles. The Eagles are 11–0 after their bye week under Andy Reid.
Week 6.
Coming off their home win over the Buccaneers, the Eagles flew to the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum for a Week 6 interconference duel with the Oakland Raiders.
In the first quarter, both defenses played well, with the Eagles getting on the board first with a 45-yard field goal from kicker David Akers. However, the Raiders responded as QB JaMarcus Russell hooked up with TE Zach Miller on an 86-yard touchdown pass.
In the second quarter, Oakland kicker Sebastian Janikowski hit a 29-yard field goal and Akers would hit a 43 yarder. Philadelphia got the ball back before the half but sputtered as they got close to the Oakland end zone and the half ended with the Raiders up 10–6.
In the third quarter, the defenses battled back and forth and neither team scored.
The final quarter's first points were scored by Oakland as Janikowski hit on a 46-yard field goal. David Akers scored on a 45-yard field goal for the Eagles, but when they got the ball back late in the fourth quarter, they turned it over on downs and the Raiders ran the clock out.
With the loss, the Eagles fell to 3–2.
Week 7.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Raiders, the Eagles flew to Fed Ex Field for a Week 7 NFC East duel with the Washington Redskins on Monday night. Philadelphia took flight in the first quarter with wide receiver DeSean Jackson's 67-yard touchdown run and linebacker Will Witherspoon (recently acquired from the Rams) returning an interception 9 yards for a touchdown.
In the second quarter, the Eagles increased their lead with a 47-yard field goal from kicker David Akers. The Redskins would get on the board with quarterback Jason Campbell completing a 2-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Devin Thomas, yet Philadelphia answered with Akers nailing a 44-yard field goal and quarterback Donovan McNabb completing a 57-yard touchdown pass to Jackson. Washington would close out the half with a 47-yard field goal from kicker Shaun Suisham.
In the third quarter, both defenses fought back and forth and the period ended with no points.
In the fourth and final quarter, Jason Campbell completed a one-yard touchdown pass to tight end Fred Davis for the only score of the second half
The Eagles defense held on and, with the win, Philadelphia improved to 4–2.
Week 8.
Coming off their Monday night road win over the Redskins, the Eagles went home for a Week 8 NFC East duel with the New York Giants with the division lead on the line.
Philadelphia came out soaring in the first quarter as fullback Leonard Weaver got a 41-yard touchdown run, followed by quarterback Donovan McNabb hooking up with tight end Brent Celek on a 17-yard touchdown pass (with a blocked PAT). In the second quarter, the Eagles increased their lead as kicker David Akers nailed a 30-yard field goal. The Giants would get on the board as quarterback Eli Manning found tight end Kevin Boss on an 18-yard touchdown pass, yet Philadelphia kept their momentum going as McNabb completed a 54-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver DeSean Jackson and a 23-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Jeremy Maclin.
The Eagles would increase their lead in the third quarter as Akers booted a 35-yard field goal, yet New York attempted to rally as kicker Lawrence Tynes made a 42-yard field goal and running back Ahmad Bradshaw got a 1-yard touchdown run. In the fourth quarter, Philadelphia pulled away with a 66-yard touchdown run by rookie running back LeSean McCoy.
With the win, not only did the Eagles improve to 5–2, but they would take over as the leader of the NFC East.
Week 9.
Coming off their win over the Giants, the Eagles stayed at home for a Week 9 Sunday night divisional duel with the Dallas Cowboys with the lead in the NFC East on the line.
Philadelphia would trail in the first quarter as Cowboys running back Tashard Choice picked up a 2-yard touchdown run. The Eagles would respond in the second quarter with a 45-yard and a 48-yard field goal from kicker David Akers, but Dallas would answer with kicker Nick Folk nailing a 22-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Philadelphia would take the lead as quarterback Donovan McNabb found tight end Brent Celek on an 11-yard touchdown pass. However, the Cowboys struck back in the fourth quarter with Folk's 33-yard field goal and quarterback Tony Romo's 49-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Miles Austin. The Eagles tried to get a comeback, but could only muster up a 52-yard field goal from Akers.
With the loss, the Eagles fell to 5–3.
Week 10.
Hoping to rebound from their tough Sunday night loss to the Cowboys, the Eagles flew to Qualcomm Stadium for a Week 10 interconference duel with the San Diego Chargers. Philadelphia would trail in the first quarter as Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers completed a 20-yard touchdown pass to fullback Mike Tolbert. San Diego would add onto their lead in the second quarter with running back LaDainian Tomlinson's 3-yard touchdown run. The Eagles would get on the board with kicker David Akers getting an 18-yard and a 25-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, the Chargers went back to work as Tomlinson got a 20-yard touchdown run. Philadelphia would try to stay close as Akers nailed a 25-yard field goal, but San Diego kept their attack going as Rivers hooked up with wide receiver Legedu Naanee on a 20-yard touchdown pass. The Eagles' offense would finally get going in the fourth quarter as quarterback Donovan McNabb completed a 5-yard touchdown pass to rookie wide receiver Jeremy Maclin and a 6-yard touchdown pass to tight end Brent Celek. However, the Chargers would prove to be too much to handle as kicker Nate Kaeding booted a 29-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Eagles fell to 5–4.
Week 11.
Following two consecutive losses to Dallas and San Diego, Philadelphia went to Chicago to take on the Chicago Bears, who were 4–5, on "Sunday Night Football". The Eagles dominated the first quarter as Philadelphia took a two score lead on a 25-yard field goal by David Akers and a 13-yard touchdown from Donovan McNabb to Jason Avant on a wide receiver screen pass.
Down 10–0 at the start of the second quarter, Chicago drove within one point as Bears kicker Robbie Gould successfully made a 45-yard field goal, as well as a pair of 28-yard field goals, to make the score 10–9 at the half.
In the second half, the Bears took the lead as Robbie Gould kicked his fourth field goal, a 49-yarder that put Chicago up 12–10. However, it took only 30 seconds for the Eagles to take the lead as Donovan McNabb passed to DeSean Jackson for a 48-yard touchdown to give the Eagles a 17–12 lead. Ironically, the 48-yard touchdown catch was the shortest touchdown scored by Jackson thus far in the season. Chicago again took the lead in the third quarter as struggling quarterback Jay Cutler, who had already missed several wide open targets in the game, passed to tight end Kellen Davis for a 15-yard score. The Bears converted the 2-point conversion attempt as running back Matt Forte scored on the pass from Cutler to put the Bears back on top 20–17.
In the fourth quarter, both defenses fought back and forth but the only points of the final period were scored by Eagles running back LeSean McCoy on a 10-yard, game-winning touchdown run to put the Eagles up 24–20, the game's final score.
With the win, the Eagles improved to 6–4. Ironically, the Eagles win came by the same score (24–20) in the same city (Chicago) at the same time and venue ("Sunday Night Football on NBC") as when they had lost in week 4 of the 2008 season.
Week 12.
In the second meeting of the year with the Washington Redskins, the Eagles tried an onside kick to start the game. This backfired when the Redskins running back Quinton Ganther recovered the kick and returned it 25 yards to the Eagles 24-yard line. Four plays later, Redskins quarterback Jason Campbell ran for a two-yard touchdown to score the game's first touchdown, as the Redskins took the lead 7–0. After a holding penalty on Eagles tight end Brent Celek, the Eagles had to settle for a 29-yard field goal by kicker David Akers. On the following drive by the Eagles, quarterback Donovan McNabb found wide receiver DeSean Jackson wide open in the end zone for a 35-yard touchdown to bring the Eagles up 10–7. On the ensuing drive by the Redskins, Campbell threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to Santana Moss to take the lead 14–10.
Late in the second quarter, after both teams punting the ball away after three unsuccessful drives, Eagles cornerback Asante Samuel intercepted a Jason Campbell pass that was intended for Santana Moss. The Eagles could not convert a third down with 10 to go, and David Akers kicked a 24-yard field goal to get the Eagles within a point of the Redskins, 14–13. The Redskins received the ball again and Campbell threw a second straight interception to Samuel, who returned it for 17 yards. The Eagles ended the first half with a second straight field goal to take the lead 16–14.
The Eagles got the ball to start the second half, but the drive ended with a Sav Rocca punt. Jason Campbell threw a 10-yard touchdown to tight end Fred Davis to take the lead once again, 21–16.
After two straight punts for each team, the Eagles got the ball back in the fourth quarter and Donovan McNabb threw an intended pass to Reggie Brown, but the pass was intercepted by Redskins cornerback Justin Tryon. The Redskins scored on a 25-yard field goal by Shaun Suisham, to increase their lead 24–16. The Eagles started their drive on their own 10-yard line after a penalty on the kick return by Dimitri Patterson. The Eagles went 90 yards to score on an Eldra Buckley one-yard touchdown run. Since they were losing by two points, the Eagles decided to go for a two-point conversion. The two-point conversion was successful after rookie running back LeSean McCoy ran in the end zone on a shovel pass from McNabb. The score was tied, 24–24. The Redskins could not score on the next drive, and therefore had to punt to the Eagles. The Eagles scored on a 32-yard field goal by David Akers to take the lead, 27–24. The Eagles got the ball back on downs, and kneeled the ball to run out the clock and win 27–24.
With the win, the Eagles improved to 7–4.
Week 13.
Following back to back wins against Chicago and Washington, the Eagles traveled to Atlanta to take on the Atlanta Falcons who were 6–5. While the Falcons were without quarterback Matt Ryan and running back Michael Turner due to injury, as well as a pair of offensive linemen, the Eagles came into the game without explosive wideout DeSean Jackson, linebacker Akeem Jordan, or nickel corner Joselio Hanson, who had been suspended by the league for violating its substance abuse policy.
In the first quarter, Eagles kicker David Akers scored on a 33-yard field goal and fullback Leonard Weaver, who would go on to make an outstanding one-handed, 59-yard catch-and-run, and finish the game with 100 total yards, caught an under thrown ball by Donovan McNabb in the end zone for a 4-yard touchdown that put the Eagles up 10–0.
Atlanta's backup quarterback Chris Redman struggled all game and backup running backs Jerious Norwood and Jason Snelling seemed, in most cases, unable to find holes, and both offenses struggled in the second quarter, the only score coming on another 33-yard field goal by David Akers.
The Eagles dominated the third quarter as quarterback Michael Vick, in his return to Atlanta, ran in a five-yard score to put the Eagles up 20–0, his first touchdown of the year. It kept getting worse for Atlanta as Chris Redman, who had had pass after pass batted at the line during the game, was intercepted by cornerback Sheldon Brown, who returned the interception 83 yards for a score.
Philly went up 34–0 in the fourth quarter as Michael Vick, coming in as a relief player for Donovan McNabb, tossed a 5-yard touchdown pass to tight end Brent Celek. The Eagles defense seemed to be en route to their first shutout since 1996, but the Falcons scored with one second left on the clock on a 3-yard touchdown pass from Redman to wide receiver Roddy White.
The Eagles third consecutive win left them 8–4, heading into a pivotal Sunday Night matchup against their division rival New York Giants.
Week 14.
The winner of this Sunday Night showdown would assume first place in the NFC East (the Eagles outright, the Giants on tiebreakers). With two games against opponents with losing records approaching, it was crucial for the Giants to escape this one with a win.
The Eagles started things off right away, putting 14 points on the board before the Giants had run their fifth play from scrimmage. McNabb connected with Celek for a touchdown, and Sheldon Brown returned a Brandon Jacobs fumble for six points on the ensuing drive. In the second quarter, Nicks caught the longest reception of his short career for a 68-yard touchdown. After DeSean Jackson responded by returning a Jeff Feagles punt 72 yards for a touchdown, the Giants were able to send Bradshaw into the end zone from the 3. Eagles backup quarterback Michael Vick was able to sneak in one more rushing touchdown before halftime. Jacobs opened the scoring in the second half with a 1-yard rush. After the teams traded turnovers, Manning got the ball into Hixon's hands for a 61-yard touchdown. But the Eagles responded on the very next play with a 60-yard touchdown to Jackson. Jackson's 176 receiving yards amounted to the best individual receiving performance against the Giants since 2002. The Eagles struck again in the fourth quarter, this time on a run by fullback Leonard Weaver and a two-point conversion pass to Jason Avant. The Giants put another touchdown on the board (courtesy of Boss) in the last two minutes of the game, and got the ball back with 28 seconds left. But defensive end Darren Howard sacked Manning and forced a fumble, sealing the Eagles' first sweep of the Giants since 2004.
The Eagles scored 85 points against the Giants this year, the most they have scored versus the Giants in a single season in franchise history. The Eagles have improved to 9–4 with many hopes of making it into the playoffs.
Postseason.
Wild Card Game.
Entering the postseason as the NFC's #6 seed, the Eagles began their playoff at Cowboys Stadium for the third meeting against their hated rival, the #3 Dallas Cowboys, in a rematch of their Week 17 defeat.
After a scoreless first quarter, the Cowboys would strike first in the second quarter with quarterback Tony Romo's 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end John Phillips. Philadelphia would answer with quarterback Michael Vick hooking up with rookie wide receiver Jeremy Maclin on a 76-yard touchdown, but Dallas would start to pull away as running back Tashard Choice got a 1-yard touchdown run. The Cowboys would pile on their lead with kicker Shaun Suisham's 25-yard field goal, Romo's 6-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Miles Austin, and Suisham's 48-yard field goal.
Dallas would add onto their lead in the third quarter as running back Felix Jones scored on a 73-yard touchdown run. The Eagles tried to mount a comeback drive in the fourth quarter as quarterback Donovan McNabb found wide receiver DeSean Jackson, but the Cowboys would prevent any further attempts.
With the loss, Philadelphia was eliminated, ending its season with an overall record of 11–6.
This would be Donovan McNabb's last game as an Eagle.

</doc>
<doc id="20898430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898430" title="The March (film)">
The March (film)

The March, also known as The March to Washington, is a 1964 documentary film by about the 1963 civil rights March on Washington. It was made for the Motion Picture Service unit of the United States Information Agency for use outside the United States – the 1948 Smith-Mundt Act prevented USIA films from being shown domestically without a special act of Congress. In 1990 Congress authorized these films to be shown in the U.S. twelve years after their initial release.
In 2008, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

</doc>
<doc id="20898452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898452" title="Église Sainte-Radegonde-de-Poitiers">
Église Sainte-Radegonde-de-Poitiers

The Église Sainte-Radegonde-de-Poitiers is a church in Poitiers, France.
The church was named after Sainte Radegonde, who was buried in the church. 

</doc>
<doc id="20898466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898466" title="Église Saint-Hilaire-le-Grand">
Église Saint-Hilaire-le-Grand

The Église Saint-Hilaire-le-Grand is a church in Poitiers, France. It was named after Hilary of Poitiers (Hilaire in French).
It dates back to the 11th century, and was consecrated in 1049.
Damaged during the French Revolution, it was restored in the second half of the 19th century. The church received a new portal, and the nave was partly reconstructed.
It was listed as "Monument historique" in 1840. It was also listed as World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1998, as part of the Routes of Santiago de Compostela in France.

</doc>
<doc id="20898470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898470" title="Church of Saint-Jean de Montierneuf">
Church of Saint-Jean de Montierneuf

The Church of Saint-Jean de Montierneuf is a Roman Catholic church in Poitiers, France.
The church was built in the 11th century and is notable for its Romanesque architecture.
It has been listed as a "Monument historique" since 1840.

</doc>
<doc id="20898480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898480" title="Pavoraja nitida">
Pavoraja nitida

The Pavoraja nitida (Peacock skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family. It lives near the soft bottoms of the continental shelf near the coast of Australia and New Zealand in depths ranging from 30 to 390 metres. It produces oblong egg capsules which have stiff horns in each corner and lays them in sandy or muddy flats. Its maximum size is 36.8 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="20898494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898494" title="Pomoco Stadium">
Pomoco Stadium

Pomoco Stadium, also spelled POMOCO Stadium, is located in Newport News, Virginia, and serves as the home stadium for the Christopher Newport Captains football team since their inaugural 2001 season. Pomoco has a maximum seating capacity of 4,200, with the largest crowd ever on-hand of 6,135 occurring during the inaugural game against Salisbury University on September 1, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20898508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898508" title="2009 New York Giants season">
2009 New York Giants season

The 2009 New York Giants season was the 85th season for the team in the National Football League. It was the team's final season in Giants Stadium; In 2010, the Giants moved into New Meadowlands Stadium. The Giants hoped to improve upon their 12–4 record, avenge their divisional round loss to the Philadelphia Eagles and make the playoffs for the fifth straight year. Despite starting 5–0 to begin the season, they went 3–8 in their next 11 games and finished 3rd in the NFC East. They were eliminated from playoff contention in Week 16. They played teams from the NFC South and AFC West as per the schedule rotation, as well as their regular games with their NFC East rivals. For head coach Tom Coughlin, this was his 6th season as the coach of the Giants.
Players.
Movement.
The Giants signed free-agent defensive end Chris Canty, formerly of the Dallas Cowboys, on March 1, 2009. Canty moved to defensive tackle in the Giants' 4–3 scheme. On April 3, 2009, the Giants released WR Plaxico Burress.
2009 NFL Draft.
After finishing the 2008 season with a 12–4 record, the Giants held the 29th selection in the 2009 NFL Draft. With the pick they closed the gap left by Plaxico Burress in the roster, selecting wide receiver Hakeem Nicks of North Carolina. Then in the second round, they selected linebacker Clint Sintim of Virginia with the 45th pick and offensive tackle William Beatty of Connecticut with the 60th pick. Early in the second day of the draft, the Giants traded picks 91 of Round 3 and 164 of Round 5 to Philadelphia Eagles for their pick 85 of Round 3. With this pick the Giants selected another wide receiver, Ramses Barden of Cal Poly. In the same round they selected tight end Travis Beckum of Wisconsin with the 100th pick of the draft. In the following rounds they selected running back Andre Brown of North Carolina State with the 129th pick in fourth round, quarterback Rhett Bomar of Sam Houston State with the 151st pick in the fifth round, defensive back DeAndre Wright of New Mexico with the 200th pick in the sixth round and with their final pick in the seventh round they selected another defensive back, Stoney Woodson of South Carolina with pick 238.
NOTES: 
Undrafted free agents.
Following the 2009 NFL Draft, the Giants signed 9 undrafted free agents. They were:
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Washington Redskins.
The Giants' season began on a down note, as punt returner/running back DJ Ware dislocated his elbow returning the opening kickoff. The injury bug would later notably strike first-round draft pick Hakeem Nicks, who suffered a sprained foot in the fourth quarter and was carted off the field.
Wide receiver Mario Manningham caught the game's first touchdown in the second quarter; the 30-yard strike was worth more yardage than Manningham had totalled in the entire 2008 season. Later in the quarter, Giants defensive end Osi Umenyiora returned a Jason Campbell fumble 37 yards for a touchdown, his first major play since returning from the knee injury that benched him for all of 2008. Just before halftime, Redskins punter Hunter Smith ran a fake field goal into the end zone to bring the halftime score to 17–7. The Giants did not score a touchdown in the second half, but two Lawrence Tynes field goals ensured that Campbell's late touchdown pass to Chris Cooley would not spoil the Giants' final home opener at Giants Stadium.
The victory served as a sort of going-away party for the Giants, who now faced a rare three-game roadtrip for the first time since 1994.
Week 2: at Dallas Cowboys.
In contrast to the teams' previous meeting, the grand opening of Cowboys Stadium (in front of the largest regular-season crowd in NFL history) was a fast-paced shootout. The first points in the Cowboys' new home were scored by Tynes, whose 30-yard field goal in the first quarter was his first of four on the night. The Cowboys responded by scoring their first points on the ensuing drive—a 2-yard run by running back Marion Barber.
Giants rookie cornerback Bruce Johnson scored his first career points returning a Tony Romo interception 34 yards. Cowboys tight end Jason Witten responded with a 1-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter. Later, Giants safety Kenny Phillips caught an odd interception off Witten's foot, setting up quarterback Eli Manning's 100th career touchdown pass—a 22-yard strike to Manningham. Romo ran a quarterback sneak to open the scoring in the second half, but the Giants sent wide receiver Steve Smith into the end zone in the fourth quarter. The Cowboys punched in one more touchdown on a 7-yard Felix Jones run, but Tynes' 37-yard field goal as time expired was enough to postpone the Cowboys' first home win in Arlington and boost the Giants to 2–0.
The Giants lost two more notable players to injuries; defensive end Justin Tuck suffered a sprained shoulder and wide receiver Domenik Hixon sprained a knee. During the week, Phillips' season was brought to an end, as he was placed on injured reserve with patellofemoral arthritis.
Week 3: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Playing in hot, humid Florida weather, the Giants scored on their first possession for the third week in a row. Jacobs' 6-yard run was also the Giants' first red zone touchdown in eight trips this year. After that, the Giants never looked back. They held the Buccaneers to 18 total yards of offense and 0 first downs in the first half. Smith contributed with a 4-yard touchdown catch on the first play of the second quarter. In the fourth quarter, Sinorice Moss' first reception of the year was good for an 18-yard touchdown. The game ended with David Carr at quarterback for the Giants and Josh Johnson relieving Tampa Bay quarterback Byron Leftwich, whom the Giants' defense held to just 22 passing yards on the day. The Giants had pitched their first shutout on the road since 1983.
Week 4: at Kansas City Chiefs.
The Giants were in control of the winless Chiefs from the opening kickoff, which Bryan Kehl recovered after a Jamaal Charles fumble. The Giants proceeded to score on their first possession for the fourth straight week, this time on a short pass to Smith. Smith himself went on to have a busy day, with 11 catches for 134 yards and a 25-yard touchdown in the second quarter as well. Nicks returned from his Week 1 injury and scored his first career touchdown, a 54-yard pass from Manning, in the fourth quarter. Late in the game, the Chiefs put up a brief flurry of offense; quarterback Matt Cassel threw touchdowns to tight end Sean Ryan and wide receiver Bobby Wade within a span of about five minutes. But the comeback fell short, and the Giants improved to 4–0.
Manning suffered a heel injury in the fourth quarter, and was forced to leave the game early. Initially concerned about a possible Achilles tendon injury, he was later diagnosed with plantar fasciitis; his start against the Raiders was to be a game-time decision.
Week 5: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Manning ended up playing until late in the second quarter before handing over the reins—and another Giants blowout lead—to Carr. The Giants extended their first-possession scoring streak to five games, sending Ahmad Bradshaw into the end zone for his first touchdown of the year. The Giants proceeded to score touchdowns on each of their next three drives as well: Bradshaw scored again on a 19-yard rush; Manningham caught a 30-yard touchdown pass to open the second quarter; and, following a red zone fumble by Oakland quarterback JaMarcus Russell, Nicks added a 9-yard touchdown reception. In the third quarter, Carr himself ran 12 yards for his first rushing touchdown since leaving the Houston Texans. The Raiders were held to just 7 first downs on the day, their only touchdown coming on the heels of a muffed punt by Moss.
The win handed the Giants their first 5–0 start since their Super Bowl-winning year of 1990.
Week 6: at New Orleans Saints.
The Giants' first loss of the year came in this much-anticipated "clash of unbeatens" against a 4–0 New Orleans team. Manning's first NFL game in his hometown of New Orleans was also Saints tight end Jeremy Shockey's first game against his former team.
The Giants' defense, which entered the game as the best in the NFL, gave up 493 total yards and 7 touchdowns to seven different Saints, including Shockey. Scoring touchdowns for the Giants were: Bradshaw, on a 10-yard run in the second quarter; Manningham, who caught a 15-yard pass later in the quarter; and Nicks, whose 37-yard reception from Carr earned him his first career 100-yard receiving game. But the Giants were unable to overcome their highest-scoring opponent since 1999.
Week 7: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
Led by former Giant Kurt Warner, the defending NFC champions took the field at Giants Stadium against a Giants team still reeling from their bad loss in New Orleans. The Giants scored first, sending Jacobs in for a 4-yard touchdown run following a Terrell Thomas interception. Later, Arizona running back Beanie Wells scored his first career touchdown on a 13-yard rush. Manning responded by throwing a 62-yard touchdown to Nicks for his longest reception of the year. In the second half, the Cardinals' Tim Hightower and Jason Wright scored touchdowns. But it was turnovers that decided this game; Manning's 3 interceptions were as many as he had thrown all season. The Giants scored only 3 points in the second half, ending the game on an interception to Antrel Rolle.
The Giants notable streak of 38 consecutive starts by the same offensive line unit was ended here, as offensive tackle Kareem McKenzie missed the game with a groin injury. McKenzie returned the following week.
With the loss, The Giants fell to 5–2.
Week 8: at Philadelphia Eagles.
Trying to end a two-game losing streak, the Giants went into Lincoln Financial Field for a crucial Week 8 game with the Philadelphia Eagles, as the divisional lead was up for grabs.
New York trailed greatly in the first quarter as Eagles fullback Leonard Weaver got a 41-yard touchdown run, followed by quarterback Donovan McNabb's 17-yard touchdown pass to tight end Brent Celek (with a blocked PAT). Philadelphia would add onto their lead in the second quarter with a 30-yard field goal from kicker David Akers. The Giants would get on the board as quarterback Eli Manning found tight end Kevin Boss on an 18-yard touchdown pass, but the Eagles continued their scoring as McNabb completed a 54-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver DeSean Jackson and a 23-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jeremy Maclin.
Philadelphia would begin the third quarter with an increase to their lead as Akers nailed a 35-yard field goal. New York tried to rally as kicker Lawrence Tynes booted a 35-yard field goal, followed by running back Ahmad Bradshaw. However, the Eagles would seal the win in the fourth quarter as running back LeSean McCoy got a 66-yard touchdown run.
With their third-straight loss, the Giants fell to 5–3.
Week 9: vs. San Diego Chargers.
This game was the much-hyped first-ever meeting between Manning and Philip Rivers, the two quarterbacks drafted, then traded, during the 2004 NFL Draft.
The Chargers struck first, as Rivers connected with Vincent Jackson in the end zone to open the second quarter. Manning responded with a 6-yard touchdown pass to Smith that capped off a 16-play, 10:35 drive. In the third quarter, Rivers found tight end Kris Wilson in the end zone for Wilson's first touchdown since 2007. The Giants responded with a Tynes field goal and then an 8-yard touchdown to Boss. After a defensive stop by the Chargers that held the Giants to a field goal from the 4-yard line, Rivers led his team 80 yards in the final two minutes and threw Jackson the winning score with twenty-one seconds remaining on the clock. The Giants had lost despite controlling the ball for 37:47 and holding the Chargers to 34 rushing yards.
The 5–4 Giants had dropped four straight for the first time since 2006, and headed into their bye week.
Week 11: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
The Giants had not beaten the Falcons at home in five tries since 1979, but it was a must-win game this time. The Giants were missing veteran linebacker Antonio Pierce, who was nursing a bulging disc in his neck, and the Falcons' star running back Michael Turner was also out with a high ankle sprain.
The Giants took an early lead on Tynes' first-quarter field goal, but the Falcons responded with third-string running back Jason Snelling's 7-yard touchdown run. Boss caught two touchdown passes in the second quarter, one of them from 28 yards out. In the third quarter, Snelling and Jacobs traded short touchdown runs. Giants fullback Madison Hedgecock opened the scoring in the fourth quarter by catching his first touchdown of the season, but Falcons receiver Eric Weems caught his second of the year on the ensuing drive. In a sort of déjà vu moment for the Giants, another opponent's comeback took them right up until the final minute; tight end Tony Gonzalez caught the tying touchdown with 35 seconds left in regulation. The Giants won the overtime coin toss, and then drove 45 yards to set up Tynes' winning field goal, ending the Giants' skid at 4 games.
Week 12: at Denver Broncos.
Coming off their overtime win to the Falcons, the Giants flew for a Week 12 interconference game against the Denver Broncos, their first Thanksgiving game since 1992.
In the first quarter the Giants trailed early with kicker Matt Prater making a 26-yard field goal and then a 32-yard field goal in the second quarter. The Broncos kept on top with RB Knowshon Moreno making a 1-yard touchdown run. After that Matt Prater made a 47-yard field goal to end the half. In the third quarter the Giants replied with kicker Lawrence Tynes nailing a 39 then a 52-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter New York fell further behind with QB Kyle Orton making a 17-yard touchdown pass to WR Brandon Stokley, and Prater making a 24-yard field goal.
With the loss, the Giants fell to 6–5.
Week 13: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
The rematch of these division rivals was a must-win game for the Giants in a season where every game was quickly becoming a must-win game for the Giants. A win would keep alive the Giants' hopes of winning the NFC East.
Dallas receiver Roy Williams scored the game's first touchdown in the second quarter, on a 4-yard pass from Romo. Manning responded with a 21-yard shot to Nicks on the ensuing drive. On the Cowboys' next possession, Umenyiora picked up a Marion Barber fumble, which Jacobs later turned into a 1-yard touchdown run. In the third quarter, Romo found Williams in the end zone again, this time for 5 yards. But on the next play from scrimmage, Jacobs caught a 74-yard touchdown for the longest reception of his career. Another Giant set a personal record in the fourth quarter; Hixon's 79-yard punt return was the longest of his career, and it resulted in his second career return touchdown. In a late rally by the Cowboys, Miles Austin caught a 22-yard touchdown pass from Romo, but the ensuing onside kick resulted in a penalty on Sam Hurd for illegal touching and the Giants ran out the clock. The Giants had swept the Cowboys for the first time since 2004, and were now only one game behind in the division standings.
Week 14: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
The winner of this Sunday Night showdown would assume first place in the NFC East (the Eagles outright, the Giants on tiebreakers). With two games against opponents with losing records approaching, it was crucial for the Giants to escape this one with a win.
The Eagles started things off right away, putting 14 points on the board before the Giants had run their fifth play from scrimmage. McNabb connected with Celek for a touchdown, and Sheldon Brown returned a Brandon Jacobs fumble for six points on the ensuing drive. In the second quarter, Nicks caught the longest reception of his short career for a 68-yard touchdown. After DeSean Jackson responded by returning a Jeff Feagles punt 72 yards for a touchdown, the Giants were able to send Bradshaw into the end zone from the 3. Eagles backup quarterback Michael Vick was able to sneak in one more rushing touchdown before halftime. Jacobs opened the scoring in the second half with a 1-yard rush. After the teams traded turnovers, Manning got the ball into Hixon's hands for a 61-yard touchdown. But the Eagles responded on the very next play with a 60-yard touchdown to Jackson. Jackson's 176 receiving yards amounted to the best individual receiving performance against the Giants since 2002. The Eagles struck again in the fourth quarter, this time on a run by fullback Leonard Weaver and a two-point conversion pass to Jason Avant. The Giants put another touchdown on the board (courtesy of Boss) in the last two minutes of the game, and got the ball back with 28 seconds left. But defensive end Darren Howard sacked Manning and forced a fumble, sealing the Eagles' first sweep of the Giants since 2004.
The Giants had given up 85 points to the Eagles this year, the most they had ever given up to the Eagles in a single season in franchise history, including four playoff years where they met the Eagles a third time. The Giants' 38 points were also the most scored by a losing team since Week 2 of 2008.
Week 15: at Washington Redskins.
The Giants needed wins to keep their playoff hopes alive, and this Monday night matchup against the underachieving Redskins seemed a prime opportunity.
The Giants' first two possessions ended in touchdown runs by Bradshaw of 3 and 4 yards. Later in the second quarter, Manning found Smith in the end zone for a 6-yard score. The normally-lackluster Giants defense succeeded in holding the Redskins to 2 first downs and no points in the first half. The Redskins opened the scoring in the second half with an 11-yard touchdown strike from Campbell to tight end Fred Davis, but Graham Gano's extra point was blocked by Fred Robbins. Manning responded by throwing receiver Derek Hagan his first touchdown as a Giant, a 23-yard pass. On the next play from scrimmage, Thomas intercepted a Campbell pass and returned it 14 yards for a touchdown. Quinton Ganther, starting at running back in place of the injured Clinton Portis, gave the Redskins another touchdown late in the third quarter, but could not get into the end zone on the two-point conversion attempt. Manning threw one more touchdown pass to Manningham in the fourth quarter, which boosted the Giants to their highest point total on the road since 1954. The Giants were still very much in the playoff picture, and hoping for losses by the Cowboys and Packers.
Week 16: vs. Carolina Panthers.
This was the last game the Giants would ever play at the moribund Giants Stadium, but they had no time to be nostalgic—defeating the same Week 16 opponent they faced last year would make their path to the postseason slightly easier.
The Panthers, starting Matt Moore at quarterback in place of the injured Jake Delhomme, quickly took control of the game, scoring on their first four possessions (a 38-yard John Kasay field goal; a 29-yard Jonathan Stewart touchdown run; a 22-yard Muhsin Muhammad touchdown catch; and a 2-yard catch for tight end Jeff King). Meanwhile, the Giants turned the ball over 3 times in the first half, and were shut out at halftime for the second time this season. In the third quarter, Carolina picked up where they left off, as Moore connected with Carolina's Steve Smith for a 27-yard score. The Giants finally got on the board on the ensuing drive, courtesy of a 40-yard Tynes field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Giants' Smith caught a 2-yard touchdown pass from Manning, but a subsequent 2-point try failed. Carolina fullback Brad Hoover's 1-yard scoring run later in the fourth sealed the game for the Panthers. The Giants left Giants Stadium the same way they had opened it 33 years earlier; with a demoralizing loss.
The loss, along with wins by the Cowboys and Packers this week, mathematically eliminated the Giants from the postseason, breaking their streak of 4 consecutive playoff appearances. Curiously, the last NFL game at Giants Stadium would not be a Giants game, but a Jets game; the Jets would play the Cincinnati Bengals at home on Sunday night in Week 17.
Week 17: at Minnesota Vikings.
The Giants wrapped up their 2009 campaign against Brett Favre, a quarterback they last saw on their way to Super Bowl XLII. This time, however, Favre led a convincing rout of the Giants, as they allowed 40 points to an opponent for the fifth time this season. Scoring touchdowns for Minnesota were former Giant Visanthe Shiancoe, Pro Bowlers Adrian Peterson and Sidney Rice (twice), and fullback Naufahu Tahi. A 1-yard touchdown run by Ware in the fourth quarter prevented the Giants from being shut out. Center Shaun O'Hara was named to the Pro Bowl in the week leading up to the game.
The 2009 Giants became the eighth team since the 1970 AFL-NFL merger to miss the playoffs after starting the season 5–0, and the first NFC team since the Vikings in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20898524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898524" title="Travis Gillespie">
Travis Gillespie

Travis Gillespie (born September 14, 1979 in New Westminster, BC) is a lacrosse player for the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League. 
With his father coaching, Gillespie began playing lacrosse at four. Growing up in Maple Ridge, BC, he excelled at many sports and played hockey, basketball, and soccer, in addition to box and field lacrosse. Travis, prior to attending Limestone College in South Carolina on an athletic scholarship for lacrosse, had been on 12 provincial lacrosse teams, the Canadian team, the British Columbia Selects, and had been the Field Lacrosse Provincial All-Star Goal Tender. Travis also played box lacrosse with the Orangeville Northmen of the Ontario Jr. A League 
Travis Gillespie is a two-time Division 2 NCAA champion with the Limestone College Saints where, in 2000, 2001, and 2002, he won three All-Conference, three All-American, and one Academic All-American awards. Gillespie was a member of Team Canada's U19 team where he won a silver medal while playing bigstick. In 2000, Travis also won a Mann Cup (Canadian National box champions) with the Coquitlam Adanacs and has spent the past four seasons playing in the National Lacrosse League after being selected with the Columbus Landsharks fifth overall pick. Currently, Travis is coaching the New Westminster U17 and running a development team in Vancouver for players wishing to play in the NCAA. Travis is in his second year coaching the Lacrosse Nation camps.
NLL career.
Travis Gillespie was the #4 draft pick by the Columbus Landsharks out of Limestone College in the 2002 National Lacrosse League entry draft.
Gillespie then found his way to the Arizona Sting. In October 2004, the Sting traded him to the Calgary Roughnecks who signed him to a one-year contract. In 2005, the Roughnecks re-signed him to a two-year contract. In July, 2008, the Boston Blazers traded for Gillespie and then, as part of a three-team deal, traded him to the San Jose Stealth. The Stealth then signed him to a one-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20898537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898537" title="Titti">
Titti

Titti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20898546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898546" title="Geoffrey Brito">
Geoffrey Brito

__NOTOC__
Geoffrey Brito (or Geoffrey le Breton) (died 1128) was a native of Brittany who became Archbishop of Rouen in the Middle Ages. He served as archbishop from 1111 to 1128.
Brito was a native of Brittany and his family was noble. His brother Judicael was bishop of Saint-Malo. His first ecclesiastical appointment was as dean of Le Mans, around 1093. In 1096 Geoffrey was almost elected as bishop of Le Mans, but in the end Hildebert of Lavardin was elected. Geoffrey next appears in the public record when he was selected by King Henry I of England as archbishop in 1111. As archbishop, Geoffrey helped negotiate the marriage of Henry's daughter and heiress Matilda to Geoffrey of Anjou.
Brito died on either 26 or 28 November 1128.

</doc>
<doc id="20898551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898551" title="Sikeston Ridge">
Sikeston Ridge

Sikeston Ridge is a two mile (3 km) wide topographic terrace with an average height of deposited by the Ohio River. It was formed when the Mississippi River flowed west of Sikeston, USA. This Southeast Missouri ridge runs from the area of Haywood City south through Sikeston towards the Mississippi River town of New Madrid, Missouri. The most dominant ridge in the area is Crowley's Ridge which is long and with an average height of . 
In 1789, the King of Spain ordered that an overland route be laid out to connect the cities of St. Louis and New Orleans. The high ground from the Sikeston Ridge was used as the location for a small stretch of this road. 
Before the surrounding swampland was drained, this ridge was an important strategic location in the early days of the American Civil War.
Location.
The Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) provides three location points running along the ridge:

</doc>
<doc id="20898560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20898560" title="Maartmann">
Maartmann

Maartmann is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
