<doc id="20856512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856512" title="Louise Seidler">
Louise Seidler

Louise Seidler (15 May 1786, Jena - 7 October 1866, Weimar) was a German painter at the court of the grand dukes of Weimar, custodian of their art collection and a trusted friend of the poet Goethe and the painter Georg Friedrich Kersting.
Life.
Early life.
Louise Seidler was born on 15 May 1786 was born to an academic in the university in Jena. She spent her youth with her grandmother (under whom she learned music and drawing) then on her grandmother's death was adopted by the wife of a doctor Stieler at Gotha. Her love of art was only developed under the sculptor Friedrich Wilhelm Eugen Döll, who had returned to Gotha after an eleven-year stay in Rome.
Return to Jena.
Back in Jena she lived in her father's house, next door to Goethe's home in Jena's Schloss, getting to know him in her childhood. In Jena she also became friends with Silvie von Ziegesar and Pauline Gotter, later wife of the Jena professor Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling. Louise Seidler gained full admission to intellectual circles in the city, which then included Friedrich Schiller, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, the brothers Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt, the brothers Friedrich and August Wilhelm Schlegel, Friedrich Tieck, Clemens Brentano, Voß, Paulus, Friedrich Immanuel Niethammer, Zacharias Werner and others. Goethe mainly met her in the house of the publisher Carl Friedrich Ernst Frommann, and began to become highly interested in her.
Marriage.
On 14 October 1806 the French won the battle of Jena and in 1806 and 1807 occupied Jena, exposing its inhabitants to troop billeting and plunder. During this time Louise fell in love with and married the physician Geoffroy, in the corps of Marshal Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte. On orders received before his wedding he was then posted to Spain, where he soon afterwards died of fever in a military hospital. Her parents then sent the widowed Louise to Dresden to divert her from her mourning and scatter her gloomy thoughts.
Early painting career.
Visiting the Dresdner Kunstgalerie, which had also impressed Goethe, she decided to become a painter and progressed fast, having become a pupil of the painter and teacher Christian Leberecht Vogel, who taught her for free. Goethe stayed in Dresden for 10 days on his trip back from Karlsbad, and was so pleased with Louise's copy of Carlo Dolce's "Saint Cecilia" that he invited her to Weimar, where she painted his portrait. Until her mother's death on 23 September 1814 she spent the winter months in Weimar and Jena and the summer months in Dresden, undergoing further training with the painter Gerhard von Kügelgen. In winter 1811 she was invited to Gotha by duke Augustus to paint him, his second wife Karoline Amalie and Princess Louise (his daughter by his first marriage). Further work there followed on later stays. Her mother's death on 23 September 1814 marked a break in her life, since she returned to her father in Jena as head of the household, though she still saw success in her artistic work.
Rochuskapelle in Bingen.
In 1816 Louise completed an altarpiece of "Saint Roch", on designs by Heinrich Meyer for the Rochuskapelle in Bingen, that he had described in 1814 as ""On the Rhine, Main and Neckar"". This chapel had been rebuilt from ruins and was rededicated on 16 August 1814 (St Roch's feast day), with Goethe participating in the ceremonies. The altarpiece began a correspondence between him and Louise, in which he expressed his happiness in the work.
Munich (1817-18).
Thanks to Goethe she received a one-year scholarship of 400 Taler from duke Charles Augustus to go to Munich for a year's further training in painting. On 4 July 1817 she travelled to Munich and, with letters of recommendation from Goethe, was welcomed into the house of the philosopher Friedrich Heinrich Jacobi. In Munich she again met her friend Pauline Gotter, who in 1812 had married the philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling, and in her house met the Swedish poet Per Daniel Amadeus Atterbom. Previously under the influence of the academy director Langer, Louise's painting style now became more independent as she moved from copying others' artworks to studying nature (which she had previously neglected). Even so, she still copied Raphael's "Portrait of Bindo Altoviti" in Munich for the Duke and produced a drawing of the friezes of Leo von Klenze's Apollotempel at the Nymphenburg Palace for Goethe. The duke then granted her request for a further scholarship in Italy, again of 400 Taler.
Italy (1818-23).
On 20 September 1818 Louise set out on her trip to Italy, arriving in Rome the following 30 October. She lived in the artistic circle of the city (usually based on the Pincian Hill), also frequented by Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld and the brothers Johann and Philipp Veit. In the German colony of painters and sculptors she found a way in to the artistic and social life of the city and its expatriates. She was welcomed into the houses of Barthold Georg Niebuhr (Prussian envoy to the Vatican) and of the wife of Wilhelm von Humboldt. 
In spring 1819 she spent many months in Naples and in autumn 1820 in Florence, in order to copy Raphael's "Madonna del Granduca" and "Madonna del cardellino" (both in the Uffizi) for grand-duke Charles Augustus. The painter Friedrich Preller was so impressd by her copies that he called them "the best known copies I know". A further copy, of "The Tempi Madonna", was bought by king Louis I of Bavaria in 1826 for the Pinakothek in Munich. In late autumn 1821 she left Florence for Rome. 
In April and May 1822 she copied "The Violin Players", with the copy later a part of the collection at the Schloss Sanssouci in Potsdam. At the same time she began her own painting "Saint Elizabeth handing out alms". In reports Louise called her time in Italy the happiest of her life, but this period came to a sudden end when in 1823 she received news that her father had fallen seriously ill and she had to return to Germany.
Return to Weimar.
Only on her return to Weimar did she find time to complete her work "Saint Elizabeth handing out alms". On the recommendation of Goethe and Johann Heinrich Meyer duke Charles Augustus put her in charge of the education of his daughter Maria and Augusta. On her father's death she was able to return to Italy, but was prevented from doing so when in 1824 Charles Augustus made her custodian of the grand-ducal art collection in Weimar's Grossen Jägerhaus. Except for a few journeys Louise remained in Weimar and was highly appreciated in society circles. She led a lively correspondence with personalities such as Philipp Veit and his wife Karoline and wife Dorothea Schlegel, among others. It was mainly due to her that Herr von Quandt created the Saxonian Art Association and that Goethe gave that association his active support. Right up to his death in 1832 Goethe was grateful to Louise for her promotion of his career (and vice versa) and his death put her into deep mourning.
With Mrs von Bardeleben, in autumn 1832, she went on a second trip to Italy, lasting just over a year. Above all she maintained her relations with the painter Friedrich Preller, who inspired her to paint religious and devotional paintings, which diverted her from artistic work after her return from Italy, with her increasing blindness towards the end of her life also preventing the completion of many works.
Literary work.
Before her death she wrote her autobiography ""Erinnerungen aus dem Leben der Malerin Louise Seidler"" ("Memories from the Life of the Painter Louise Seidler"), published by Hermann Uhde in 1873 and which is still one of the most important art historical sources for the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20856515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856515" title="Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia">
Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia

Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia (also known as "Masson's hemangio-endotheliome vegetant intravasculaire," "Masson's lesion," "Masson's pseudoangiosarcoma," "Masson's tumor," and "Papillary endothelial hyperplasia") may mimic angiosarcoma, with lesions that are red or purplish 5-mm to 5-cm papules and deep nodules on the head, neck, or upper extremities.

</doc>
<doc id="20856518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856518" title="Joel Voelkert">
Joel Voelkert

Joel Raymond Voelkert (born November 25, 1948) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Elkhart, Indiana.
In 1972 he was part of the American team which finished 14th in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored seven goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20856527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856527" title="Alhiyad Sports Club">
Alhiyad Sports Club

Alhiyad () is a Libyan football club based in Misrata, western Libya. They play their home games at 9 July Stadium. The club's home colours are green and white.
History.
Around a year before its foundation, a group of youngsters from the Alahly Misrata club broke away, due to disagreements in terms of points of view and ideas about how to take Al Ahly forward.
The club was founded on August 15, 1965, after a license was obtained from the Ministry of Social Affairs. There was much encouragement from the people of Misrata and Tripoli about a new sports club, as it gave the public an opportunity to compete on a sporting level, among other things; the public also promoted interaction between the youth of the two cities, cultural, social, artistic and sporting activities.
The first headquarters of the club was part of the Ben Ismail Hotel in Misrata (this is now a Conference Building in the city). The headquarters, which was also near the public park in the city, was opened on September 30, 1965, with the support of the Director of Social Affairs. The opening ceremony was attended by many, including the youth of the city, ministers and governors of the city.
This was the first public institution for the club, which was always attended by the youth of the city, who were excited by the activities on offer, and created an amiable atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="20856529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856529" title="2006 FIBA Asia Champions Cup">
2006 FIBA Asia Champions Cup

The FIBA Asia Champions Cup 2006 was the 17th staging of the FIBA Asia Champions Cup, the basketball club tournament of FIBA Asia. The tournament was held in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
Qualification.
According to the FIBA Asia rules, each zone had one place, and the hosts (Kuwait) and Asian champion (Qatar) were automatically qualified. The other three places are allocated to the zones according to performance in the 2005 FIBA Asia Champions Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20856531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856531" title="Canton of Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule">
Canton of Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule

The canton of Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule is a French administrative division in the county of Allier and region Auvergne.
Composition.
The communes in the canton of Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule:

</doc>
<doc id="20856538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856538" title="Angioma serpiginosum">
Angioma serpiginosum

Angioma serpiginosum is characterized by minute, copper-colored to bright red angiomatous puncta that have a tendency to become papular.

</doc>
<doc id="20856547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856547" title="Puglietta">
Puglietta

Puglietta is a hamlet ("frazione") of the comune of Campagna in the Province of Salerno, Campania, Italy.
Geography.
The village is situated in a hill zone in the central side of the municipality, between the hamlets of Quadrivio and Serradarce, on a road linking Eboli to Contursi Terme.

</doc>
<doc id="20856563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856563" title="Clerval">
Clerval

Clerval may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20856568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856568" title="2000 Cotton Bowl Classic">
2000 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 2000 SBC Cotton Bowl Classic game was a post-season college football bowl game that took place on Jan. 1, 2000 in Dallas, Texas. The Arkansas Razorbacks defeated the Texas Longhorns 27-6.
The Texas Longhorns finished their regular season 9-3 and were champions of the Big 12 South. However, a 22-6 loss to #3 Nebraska in the sent them to the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Arkansas on the other hand, finished the regular season at 7-4, and accepted an at-large bid out of the Southeastern Conference, to play their old rival from the now defunct Southwest Conference. 
The game was a defensive struggle, with the teams tied 3-3 at halftime. After Arkansas took a 10-3 lead, Texas settled for a field goal to cut Arkansas' lead to 10-6. A huge goal line stand by the Razorbacks kept the Horns out of the end zone, turning the ball over to the Hogs on downs. Arkansas QB Clint Stoerner threw from his own end zone to a streaking Anthony Lucas to get the ball across mid-field, on a huge third down play. Texas QB Major Applewhite injured his knee in the second half, and was replaced by Chris Simms. The result was the same for Texas. 
Arkansas freshman RB Cedric Cobbs finally broke free of the Texas defense, and Arkansas scored 17 unanswered points en route to a 27-6 victory. For his role in the win, Cedric Cobbs was named the Offensive MVP of the Game. Senior defensive tackle D. J. Cooper was the Defensive MVP. The Razorbacks held Texas to negative rushing yards, and sacked the Longhorn quarterbacks a total of 8 times. 
This was Arkansas' first bowl victory in fifteen years, and their first Cotton Bowl championship since winning the 1976 Classic. 

</doc>
<doc id="20856582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856582" title="Angel at the Fence">
Angel at the Fence

Angel at the Fence: The True Story of a Love That Survived, written by Herman Rosenblat, was claimed by its author to be a Holocaust memoir telling the story of his reunion with and marriage to a girl who had passed him food through the fence while he was imprisoned at Schlieben, part of the Buchenwald concentration camp. The book, described as "the true story of a Holocaust survivor whose prayers for hope and love were answered", was scheduled for publication by Berkley Books in February 2009; its publication was canceled on December 27, 2008 when it was discovered that the book's central events were untrue.
Prior to being exposed as a fabrication, the film rights to the book were purchased for $25 million by Harris Salomon of Atlantic Overseas Pictures. Other fans of the story include Oprah Winfrey who has described it as the single greatest love story she had heard in 22 years of doing her show. In June 2010 Atlantic Overseas Pictures and producer Harris Salomon signed a co production agreement with Castel Film Studios, the largest film studio in Central and Eastern Europe and the studio for "Cold Mountain" and "Borat" to produce a feature film on the Herman Rosenblat affair based on an original screenplay by Ivo Marloh to be shot in 2011.
The story.
Fabricated by Rosenblat, the story states that, beginning in the Winter of 1944, a nine-year old Jewish girl posing as a Christian from a local farm, met him at the electrified perimeter fence of the Schlieben concentration camp and tossed him an apple over the fence. She continued passing him food for seven months until he was transferred to another camp. According to Rosenblat, they met in 1957 on a blind date at Coney Island, New York, and, while relating their personal histories, discovered their shared past. Shortly afterwards, they married.
Authenticity questioned.
Several Holocaust scholars including Deborah Lipstadt had raised questions about “the central premise of his narrative — that a girl met him at the fence and that very girl became his wife,” and have suggested that that premise "is, at the very least, an embellishment, and at worst, a wholesale fabrication." According to an article published in the "New Republic", Professor Kenneth Waltzer, director of the Jewish Studies program at Michigan State University, has stated that maps of Schlieben indicate that neither prisoners nor civilians could have approached the perimeter fence as one could only obtain access immediately next to the SS barracks. Waltzer also determined that Mr. Rosenblat's wife and her family were hidden as Christians at a farm near Breslau, 210 miles away from Schlieben. A number of researchers, including forensic genealogists Sharon Sergeant and Colleen Fitzpatrick, as well as several Holocaust survivors, worked with Waltzer in uncovering the deception and bringing it to the attention of reporters. Friends and family members also raised questions about the truth of statements in the book.
Rosenblat and the publisher, however, initially maintained that the story was truthful. Berkley Books subsequently stated that it was "canceling publication of "Angel at the Fence" after receiving new information from Herman Rosenblat's agent, Andrea Hurst," and "will demand that the author and the agent return all money that they have received for this work." Rosenblat, who was in fact imprisoned in Schlieben, has acknowledged that the story of meeting his wife there was invented.
Related works.
A children's version of the story, entitled "Angel Girl" (ISBN 978-0822587392), written by Laurie Friedman and illustrated by Ofra Amit, was published in September 2008 by Carolrhoda Books of Lerner Publishing Group.
A $25 million film adaptation of the book, titled "Flower of the Fence", is set for production; in spite of the cancellation of the story's publication, the film's producer, Harris Salomon of Atlantic Overseas Pictures, has said the film is a "loose and fictionalised adaptation" whose production is unaffected by issues with the memoir's authenticity.
Mr. Salomon stated on the film's website that "American publishing still suffers from the worst kind of censorship." and that "Herman Rosenblat's story of survival, and its message of love and hope will not be silenced."
An independent publisher, York House Press, in White Plains, New York, announced in January 2009 that it will publish a novel adapted from the movie script. In August 2009, York House Press published a paperback by Penelope Holt titled "The Apple: Based on the Herman Rosenblat Holocaust Love Story".

</doc>
<doc id="20856583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856583" title="Gilbert Schaller">
Gilbert Schaller

Gilbert Schaller (born March 17, 1969, in Bruck an der Mur, Austria), is a former professional tennis player from Austria. 
Schaller achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 17 in 1995. At the 1995 French Open, Schaller upset World No. 2 Pete Sampras in the first round in a five set match.
Schaller won one singles title (in Casablanca) and reached the quarter-finals of the 1996 Hamburg Masters and the 1995 Monte Carlo Masters. He participated in 7 Davis Cup ties for Austria from 1993 to 1997, posting a 3–6 record in singles.
Schaller resided in Graz when a tour player.

</doc>
<doc id="20856587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856587" title="Herman Rosenblat">
Herman Rosenblat

Herman A. Rosenblat, born in Poland in 1929, is a Jewish Holocaust survivor who immigrated to the United States in 1950 and later wrote the Holocaust survival memoir "Angel at the Fence". The book was planned to be published in 2009 by Berkely books, but was cancelled after it turned out that many elements of the story were fabricated and some were contrary to verifiable historical facts. Rosenblat admitted lying about the key details of his memoir. 
Before the fabrication became public, the film rights to the book were purchased for $25 million by Harris Salomon of Atlantic Overseas Pictures. Other fans of the story include Oprah Winfrey who has described it as the single greatest love story she heard over 22 years of doing her show. 
The story behind the story is being developed as an independent feature film. In June 2010 Atlantic Overseas Pictures and producer Harris Salomon signed a co production agreement with Castel Film Studios, the largest film studio in Central and Eastern Europe and the studio for "Cold Mountain" and "" to produce a feature film on the Herman Rosenblat affair based on an original screenplay by Ivo Marloh to be shot in 2011.
Life.
Rosenblat was living at the Piotrków ghetto in Poland when the German Nazis rounded up his family. His father had previously died of typhus, and his mother was separated from him and sent to gas chambers of the Treblinka extermination camp. He lied about his age because Nazis believed that older boys could be used for labor, and sent younger boys to extermination. He was imprisoned with his three older brothers at Schlieben, a sub-camp of the Buchenwald concentration camp during the period of about July 1944 to about February 1945. About 90% of the inhabitants of the ghetto were sent to death camps. He claimed that his future wife Roma, a nine-year old Jewish girl hiding in the town of Schlieben with her family, threw him apples or bread over the electrified, guarded fence of the camp, on a daily basis throughout the seven months' period.
Shortly before his liberation he was brought to the Theresienstadt camp. After being liberated from the concentration camps, Rosenblat and his brothers were brought to the UK in a group of 730 orphans to start a new life. Rosenblat says he lived in London for four years, where he learned the electrical trade at the Organization for Rehabilitation through Training school. He then moved to the United States in 1950 and was drafted into the United States Army in 1951. After serving for two years, he says he moved to New York and opened his own TV repair shop in Brooklyn. He met Roma Radzicki in the United States on a blind date in 1957, and married her. He later claimed that during the date he had recognized her as the girl who threw apples to him over the fence and proposed on the spot.
Holocaust survival hoax.
Invention and rise to fame.
In 1992 Rosenblat and his wife had run into serious financial problems after the Rosenblat family were victims of an armed robbery that left his son, Kenneth Rosenblat, in a wheelchair and left Rosenblat critically injured. Rosenblat invented the story in the hospital while recovering. Rosenblat stated that his mother had appeared to him at the hospital and had told him to tell his story to the world. In 1994 Rosenblat had a tax lien placed on him by the IRS for unpaid payroll taxes dating back to 1988, which must have increased the financial pressure on him. According to Waltzer, Rosenblat changed his own true story, replacing it with the love story, and then it must have become difficult to turn back. After he had won Oprah's contest of love stories he had to keep lying and live with it. Culture-makers didn't doubt any point of his very implausible story and offered him juicy monetary offers in exchange for telling his story in a books and a film, which only compounded the problem. 
Rosenblat told the apple story for the first time in late 1995, and he won Oprah's contest in 1996. Oprah Winfrey interviewed Rosenblat in two different programs, in 1996 and 2007, and she called his story "the single greatest love story, in 22 years of doing this show, we’ve ever told on the air".
Berkley Books, an imprint of the Penguin Group, signed Rosenblat up to publish his memoir "Angel at the Fence", with Andrea Hurst working as Rosenblat's literary agent. Producer Harris Salomon, of Atlantic Overseas Pictures, made plans to adapt the story into a $25 million movie called "The Flower at the Fence", and he had earlier registered a screenplay based on the story with the Library of Congress in 2003.
Discovery of hoax.
Holocaust historian Deborah Lipstadt had already denounced the story in her personal blog in December 2007. Other Holocaust survivors like Peter Kubicek also denounced the implausibility of the story. Jewish-American blogger Danny Bloom started emailing several historians for help, one of them being Holocaust historian Kenneth Waltzer. 
Waltzer had been interviewing survivors for a new book, and he had been told that the story was probably false. In November 2008 Waltzer contacted forensic genealogists Sharon Sergeant and Colleen Fitzpatrick and started investigating the matter. He found out that the prisoners of that concentration camp were prohibited from approaching a camp's fence on pain of death, nor was anyone allowed to approach a fence from the outside. Such perimeter fences were electrified and watched 24/7 by armed guards stationed on guard towers, ready to shoot anyone who approached the fence from either side. The SS barracks were near to the only fence that faced outwards, and prisoners approaching the barracks would have been executed. Waltzer also discovered that Herman's future wife Roma was never in the town of Schlieben, but that she lived throughout that period in a German farm 210 miles away, near Breslau. Another survivor of the same camp, Ben Helfgott, told him that Rosenblat had never told the story before the mid-1990s. Waltzer started questioning the publisher and the agent about the authenticity of the story, with little success. Some people actively resisted and tried to shut down his investigation. 
On December 25 and 26, 2008 several scholars and family members published several critical articles in "The New Republic", the first article using Waltzer's research, and the second adding their own research on top of Waltzer's, and on December 27 Rosenblat finally confessed the truth to the producer of his movie, Harris Solomon, and his literary agent, Andrea Hurst. He stated that the apple-tossing part of his backstory was something he only imagined, while stating that the rest of his Holocaust experiences were accurate. Rosenblat has apologized and claimed that "It was my imagination, and in my mind, I believed it. Even now, I believe it.", and he also said that he did it to bring happiness and hope to people. 
His family knew about the hoax and tried to convince Rosenblat not to tell it. This caused a division in Rosenblat's family. His last surviving brother, Sam, had hesitated talking to him and he died in 2007. Herman's two children were very uncomfortable with the matter. Despite not agreeing with Rosenblat, the family never revealed the truth to the media or Rosenblat's publishers or producers. The other orphans from Buchenwald knew that the story was very implausible but decided not to say anything. As time passed, the persons knowing about the hoax grew more uncomfortable about keeping silent about it and there was a growing consensus that the truth had to be told.
Reaction to discovery.
On December 27, 2008, the same day of Rosenblat's confession, Berkley Group cancelled the book publication, saying that it had received "new information" from Rosenblat's agent. A spokesman said that they would be asking for the money back that they had advanced, and the company has declined making any more comments on the matter. A children's edition of the book, written by a third party, Laurie Friedman of Miami, titled "Angel Girl", had been released in September 2008. When Lerner Books learned that the book was based on Rosenblat's falsehoods they said that they wouldn't make any reprint and that they would refund any returned copy. About 2,000 copies were sold.
Producer Harris Salomon wasn't aware of Rosenblat's hoax when he started working on his movie of the Rosenblat story, but still intends to produce it, as he had always planned a "loose and fictionalised adaptation" and "the story retains its power to grip audiences worldwide." He had been working with Rosenblat over a six-year period as the original feature film was being developed. According to Salomon, the script for the feature was completed in October 2009 with casting to commence by Celestia Fox in London. Producers Abi Sirokh, Gabor Koltai, Lew Rywin and Thierry Potok contributed to the project. The new motion picture tells the story of Herman Rosenblat, with a style similar to the movie "The Insider". After the revelation of the hoax, the focus of the film was changed to a psychological love story examining why a Holocaust survivor would make up a story about the Holocaust and the love for his wife while driven by greed, fame and the memory of the Holocaust. Salomon has asked Rosenblat to donate all the earnings of the film to Holocaust survivor charities but Rosenblat refused.
Oprah posted a disclaimer on her website, and in February 2009 she said that she was "disappointed", but she denied having been duped by Rosenblat and that she was "minding my own business." Gayle King, a friend of Oprah, pointed out that a lot of other people had also been duped and that she was being used as the whipping boy.
In July 2009 a new video was disseminated by the gawker.com web site. Rosenblat is re-enacting his Holocaust love story, specifically the throwing of apples over the perimeter fence of the Buchenwald Concentration Camp, long after that part of his story had been discredited as fake.
On September 1, 2009, York House Press published a paperback book titled "The Apple", written by Penelope Holt. It tells Rosenblat's life story. Peter Kubicek, an outspoken critic of the original book, reportedly advised the author and is thanked in the preface of the book.
Analysis and repercussions.
Holocaust historian Kenneth Waltzer said that it was disturbing that so few people had noticed and inquired about the obvious holes in his history over a decade of time. Waltzer and others have said that Rosenblat didn't need to embellish his story, which was already powerful enough by itself. Waltzer places part of the blame in all those "culture makers" that profited from the diffusion of the story and never doubted even the most implausible parts of it. It appears that the veracity of story was not questioned either by the book publisher or by Oprah Winfrey, and that no fact-checking was done to ensure the authenticity of the memoir prior to endorsing it soundly.
Deborah Lipstadt and others have harshly criticized Rosenblat for embellishing his story, since this could cause people to doubt the truth of the Holocaust, and encourage Holocaust revisionists.
According to Fitzpatrick, one of Waltzer's collaborators, such hoaxes could be avoided if the publishers spent a few thousand dollars in early fact-checking with historians and genealogists, before deciding to spend huge sums of money for the story.
Among a number of other false elements in Roseblat's story, he claimed that he was scheduled to be gassed at 10am on May 10, 1945, and that the liberation saved him by just two hours. Although the Theresienstadt camp installed a gas chamber in 1945, it was never operational, although it is possible that Rosenblat was told he was going to be put into the new chamber, as death threats were made every day by the SS; in any case, the war ended officially on May 8, and the Nazis had handed over the entire camp to the International Red Cross a week earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20856598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856598" title="Rathinapuri">
Rathinapuri

Rathinapuri is a residential area in the city of Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. Ranthinapuri is bordered by Gandhipuram to the south, Sivananda Colony to the west and Ganapathy to the north and east. Rathinapuri comes under Coimbatore Corporation. The main residential areas are:
P.M. Swamy Colony,Palani Gounder street, Muthukumar Nagar,Marutha kutty gounder layout, Sampath Street, Kalki Street, Ranganna Gounder Street, Chekkan Thottam, Indra Nagar, Kalki Street,Periyar Street and Nalvar Layout.

</doc>
<doc id="20856613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856613" title="Forest Bull">
Forest Bull

Forest Bull, also Ethiopian Bull and Ethiopian Forest Bull, is an animal from Medieval bestiaries. According to Pliny the Elder, they were a breed of ferocious, red cattle, twice as large as normal cattle, from Ethiopia. Like the Yale, their horns could swivel in any direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20856622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856622" title="Canton of Souvigny">
Canton of Souvigny

The canton of Souvigny is a French administrative division in the county of Allier and region Auvergne.
Composition.
The communes in the canton of Souvigny:

</doc>
<doc id="20856654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856654" title="Instructional simulation">
Instructional simulation

An instructional simulation, also called an educational simulation, is a simulation of some type of reality (system or environment) but which also includes instructional elements that help a learner explore, navigate or obtain more information about that system or environment that cannot generally be acquired from mere experimentation. Instructional simulations are typically goal oriented and focus learners on specific facts, concepts, or applications of the system or environment.
Today, most universities make lifelong learning possible by offering a virtual learning environment (VLE). Not only can users access learning at different times in their lives, but they can also immerse themselves in learning without physically moving to a learning facility, or interact face to face with an instructor in real time. Such VLEs vary widely in interactivity and scope. For example, there are virtual classes, virtual labs, virtual programs, virtual library, virtual training, etc.
Researchers have classified VLE in 4 types:
History.
Simulations of one form or another have been used since the early 1900s as a method for training or training. The United States Defense Modeling and Simulation Coordination Office identifies three main types of simulation: live, virtual, and constructive. Live (live action) and virtual simulations are primarily used for training purposes, whereas a constructive simulation is used to view or predict outcomes like wargaming or stockmarket behavior. Each of these types is based on some reality and is intended to provide the user with a pseudo-experience without the danger, expense, or complexity of real life.
While simulations are used for learning and training purposes, noted authors, such as Clark Aldrich and Andy Gibbons (Model-Centered Instruction) suggest that simulations in and of themselves are not instructional. Rather, a simulation only becomes instructional when instructional elements are included that help expose the learner to key parts or concepts of the system or environment. For example, an F-16 simulator is not inherently instructional because it is primarily intended to replicate the F-16 cockpit behavior and the environments the aircraft operates within. The simulator may be used for training purposes, but it requires an instructor or some other external element to identify key learning aspects of the system to the learner.
In education, simulations have had their use under a number of different names. Ken Jones in the 1980s defined simulations as interactions between people such as role-playing. Others suggest that experiential learning activities like those found in team training or ropes courses are also simulations because they replicate the human decision-making processes groups may display, albeit in a very different environment. These can be considered instructional simulations because the effective use of these simulation types include using instructional elements to help learners focus on key behaviors, concepts or principles.
With the ever decreasing cost of computing tools, virtual and constructive simulation are being used more and more. Simulation is used more and more in e-learning environments because of improved Web-authoring tools and an increasing demand for performance-based training. As a result, more non-technical personnel are involved designing simulation, a field dominated by engineers and computer scientists.
Instructional design models for simulations.
Most traditional instructional design models have at least four components:
ADDIE is an example of an Instructional Systems Design (ISD) model.
Effectiveness of pedagogy.
When designing VLEs more functions need to be considered than in designing traditional learning modalities. The process of virtual learning consists of organizational, quality control, correctional and predictable procedures. For example, the effectiveness of the organization of student self-learning - called the ‘pedagogical and didactical function’ in VLEs, will depend on the following:
A widely used format for designing on line learning environments is WebQuest. However, there are today on the market newer models for instruction that are more interactive and integrated, such as Project Page, MiniQuest, CuriculumQuest, DecisionQuest.
Reference: Jakes, D. (2003). "Creating Virtual Workspaces: New Models for Developing Online Curriculum". teachForum: Breakthrough Technologies for 21st century Schools, Chicago, Illinois. April 29, 2003. Retrieved on 6/28/09: http://www.biopoint.com/ibr/techforum.htm
Since the 1990s, trends such as the performance technology movement, constructivism, Electronic Performance Support Systems, rapid prototyping, increasing use of Internet for distance education/distance learning, and knowledge management endeavors have influenced instructional design practices These changes are producing challenges to existing design models. According to Reigeluth (1996), the education and training field is in the midst of a paradigm shift from the Industrial Revolution to the Information Age, requiring a corresponding shift from standardization to customization of instructional design. Moreover, Gros et al. (1997), posit the inflexibility of traditional linear design processes, calling for a more iterative process, while Winn (1997) and Jonassen et al. criticize the positivist assumptions that learning situations are closed systems, imparting knowledge is the instructor's responsibility, and that human behavior is predictable.
There are many alternative models that have been proposed as more conducive to the new Information Age paradigm, including new methods of instruction such as instructional gaming and simulations – Jonassen's promotion of hermeneutics, fuzzy logic and chaos theory as bases for ID, Hoffman's use of Reigeleuth's Elaboration Theory and hypermedia,Akilli & Cagiltay's FIDGE model, among others.
Hermeneutics, fuzzy logic, and chaos theory.
Hermeneutics emphasizes the importance of socio-historical context in mediating the meanings of individuals creating and decoding texts. Massively multiplayer online learning environments, for example, require new social processes that go well with social constructivist, hermeneutic philosophy and methods. Chaos theory looks for order in chaotic systems, looking for repeating patterns such as fractals. It is useful for non-linear, dynamic situations or for situations where a small change in initial conditions can produce great changes later. Finally, fuzzy logic is based on the idea that reality is rarely bivalent, but rather multivalent – in other words, there are many "in-between" values that need to be designed for. Therefore, instructional models should move away from deterministic approaches and design for more probabilistic ways of thinking.
Elaboration theory (ET) and hypermedia.
Key aspects of ET are:
Hoffman states that "the Web-like linking that characterizes hypermedia is more alike to the functioning of human cognition than is the traditional linear structure found in much educational programming", further asserting that "this kind of model could lead to the possibility of modularity and plasticity, which would bring along the ease to make changes in response to learner needs without changing the overall structure of the product and rapid development."
FIDGE (Fuzzified Instructional Design Development of Game-Like Environments) model.
This model consists of dynamic phases with fuzzy boundaries, through which instructional designers move non-linearly. The main features are:
Virtual worlds in instructional simulation.
A virtual world is an interactive 3-D environment where users are immersed in the environment. Users can manipulate the environment and interact with other users. Depending on the degree of immersion, users can begin playing a game, interact with other users, attend seminars, or complete course work for an online class. Online discussion groups and social networks such as Myspace and Facebook are already being used to supplement interaction within coursework (Baker 2009).
Sparkle is poised to become the first virtual world for the iPhone. What's more, it's being developed completely from scratch, exclusively as an MMO for the iPhone/iPod Touch. This will bring more mobility to the learner. They will no longer need to be at a desktop.
Second Life is a virtual world where users create avatars. An avatar is a virtual representation of the user to other users. These avatars then interact with any other user within the Second Life world. Avatars can purchase virtual land, own buildings, and travel, interact, conduct business, and even attend lectures by professors. Second Life is running 24 hours a day and is tied into the Internet, so there are always other avatars to interact with.
MMORPGs such as World of Warcraft and Star Wars Galaxies are video game based virtual environments. These game engines hold the potential for instructional simulation. Unlike Second Life, these are pre-designed games with their own set of objectives that need to be completed through a progression.
Uses in education.
In education, virtual learning environments are simulated experiences which utilize the pedagogical strategies of instructional modeling and role playing for the teaching of new concepts. The environment in which the experiences are presented is a virtual one often accessed via a computer or other video projection interface. Immersive virtual environment headsets have been used with younger children and students with special needs. The advantages of using instructional simulators via VLEs include: students are motivated when they are able to use computers and other technology; VLEs allow for interaction, exploration, and experimentation with locations, objects, and environments that would otherwise be unavailable in the absence of the VLE; instructors can adapt programs and parameters of the virtual learning experience to meet individual learner needs; when multi-user virtual environments are used collaborative and cooperative learning is encouraged; VLEs relate to students the real-world relevance of their learning by extending concepts and skills to application in the simulated environment; and learning can occur in an emotionally and physically safe environment without detrimental consequence.
The use of instructional simulation with individuals with special needs is gaining more attention. Mitchell, Parsons, and Leonard (2007) created a "Virtual Café" program designed to teach social interaction skills to adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). The program provides feedback to guide, or scaffold, the user toward making appropriate social behavior decisions. Virtual learning environments are also beginning to be used to teach children with ASD how to respond in potentially dangerous situations such as crossing the street and evacuating a building on fire (Strickland, McAllister, Coles, and Osborne 2007). The instructional simulation provides a safe environment within which to practice appropriate response skills.
Distance learning is growing. The importance of a physical classroom is being reduced as the technology of distance learning develops (Sanders, 2006). Sanders (2006) present a warning that students may do well in distance learning environments, however they need to have engaging moments within the course. He also warns students to critically assess a new technology before adopting it as a learning tool. The virtual learning environment needs to simulate the learning process, using goals and objectives to measure the learners’ achievement. Sanders (2006) uses movies like Terminator 2, The Matrix, and I, Robot as callbacks to allegorical warnings of potential mishaps of relying too much on technology. He presents possible ways to balance a distance course so that it can effectively simulate a learning environment.
Barney, Bishop, Adlong, and Bedgood (2009) studied the use of a 3D virtual laboratory as a tool to familiarize distance learning chemistry students with an actual chemistry laboratory. While it was not incorporated into the initial study, the researchers suggest including instructional scaffolding experiences to help alleviate students’ anxieties with applying mathematics and chemistry concepts in the actual laboratory setting (Barney, Bishop, Adlong, and Bedgood 2009). The virtual laboratory does not replace the real-world experience, rather it helps to enhance the student's schema of a chemistry laboratory and prepare them for performance expectations in the actual environment.
Web-based virtual science laboratories are also used with elementary school students. In their study, Sun, Lin, and Yu (2008) found that students who used a web-based virtual science laboratory in conjunction with traditional teaching methods not only found the learning experience more enjoyable, they also performed better academically and received higher grades.
Baker (2009) suggests multi-user virtual environments or MUVEs have the potential to engage students. Second Life holds more of a purpose in interaction (Baker, 2009). Instructors can hold lectures; students can collaborate through chat in Second Life. When compared to a discussion board, Second Life is a viable alternative for distance learning students to develop group work skills. At Chesapeake High School in Baltimore County, Maryland, students explore the ecological environment surrounding Mt. St. Helens via a 3D virtual learning environment (Curriculum Review 2009). Students navigate through the environment with a virtual unmanned vehicle and work collaboratively to solve ecological and environmental problems that are built into the program for instructional purposes. Engaging in the VLE provides many opportunities for application, data collection, and problem solving.
Uses in medicine.
Sokolowski classifies medical simulations in 3 categories: 1. Simulators based on physical models, usually referred to as the Human Patient Simulator (HPS), of which several prototype exist for different purposes (CentraLine Man, Noelle and Pediasim mannequins); 2. Virtual Reality training simulators based on computers – i.e. LapVR Surgical Simulator, and Suture Tutor; 3. a hybrid model of the first two kinds combines a realistic 3D computerized representation of an organ system, for example, with the ability to interface with it through haptic devices.
The use of simulation-based learning in the medical field has many benefits, including patient safety, accelerating diagnostic and therapeutic procedures, unfulfilled demand for medical personnel, medical cost reduction and lowering of medical errors that amount to loss of life and associated costs. The use of current technologies allow for very high fidelity simulations. These include Immersive Virtual Environments (IVEs)- computer based 3D environments known as serious games, and other very highly immersive virtual environments, such as Cave Automatic Virtual environment(CAVE),in which the student sits in a projection room wearing goggles and gloves equipped with sensors. This "haptic" technology activates the sense of touch, allowing the trainee to interface with a simulated patient, as well as to receive visual and auditory feedbacks, making the simulated learning experience very realistic.
According to research, the best instructional simulators, medical or otherwise, contain these elements:
Immersive Virtual Environments (IVEs) in medical education range from teaching simple skills (taking a patient's blood) to complex skills (internal surgery). Different medical care providers use simulations for different purposes: emergency medical technicians, medics involved in combat environments, nurses, doctors, surgeons and medical First Responders in. IVEs simulate the human body so as to provide the student or trainee with the opportunity to realistically practice and thus become proficient as to the particular technique to be taught.
IVEs are commonly used when teaching patient examination, surgical procedures and assessment (individual and collaborative). Students are relieved to know that these simulations are practice and appreciate the opportunity to make mistakes now rather than later. The use of IVEs provides a controlled, safe environment for students to learn and so the anxiety factor is reduced. Students can discuss the symptoms more openly than they could with an actual patient. At the same time, however, students use all the protocol they would with a real patient. That means they introduce themselves, address the patients by name and respect their privacy.
The use of the simulation saves lives and money by reducing medical errors, training time, operating room time and the need to replace expensive equipment. Simulation users may practice on a variety of patients, each of which has a different case history, exhibits unique symptoms, and responds to user actions with appropriate physiological responses. As in real life, patient anatomy moves with the beating of the heart and the breathing of the lungs while tissues deform, bruise and bleed. The system generates a detailed evaluation after each session, enabling users and supervisors to measure the success of simulated procedures.
Barriers to instructional simulation in medicine.
Simulations in medicine have been in use as early as the 16th century when the use of training mannequins helped to reduce the high maternal and infant mortality rates. Today they have evolved, to include IVEs, CAVE, robotic surgery, etc., but they are still relatively limited in their use by the health industry.
Medicine is a profession that uses very advanced technical, high risk, as well as behavioral skills. However, unlike other areas with similar requirements (such as aviation), medicine has not totally embraced the use of simulations to assist with necessary medical training. The limited use of simulations for training in the medical field can be explained by several factors, including cost control, relatively limited modeling of the human body, lack of scientific evidence of effectiveness, and resistance to change by professional in the field. (Ziv, et al. 2003). A later study, conducted by Amalberti et al.(2005), points to 5 systemic structural barriers to the use of simulators to advance medical training. These are:
The existence of these barriers leads to a lower rate of patient safety, and prevent the health industry to come closer to the goal of "ultrasafe performance," already achieved by the civil aviation and the nuclear power industries 

</doc>
<doc id="20856680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856680" title="Canton of Yzeure">
Canton of Yzeure

The canton of Yzeure is a French administrative division in the county of Allier and region Auvergne.
Composition.
The communes in the canton of Yzeure: 

</doc>
<doc id="20856689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856689" title="Targetoid hemosiderotic hemangioma">
Targetoid hemosiderotic hemangioma

Targetoid hemosiderotic hemangioma (also known as a "Hobnail hemangioma") is a cutaneous condition characterized by a central brown or violaceous papule that is surrounded by an ecchymotic halo.

</doc>
<doc id="20856697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856697" title="Claus Erhorn">
Claus Erhorn

Claus Erhorn (born 18 January 1959 in Hamburg-Harburg) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20856702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856702" title="Romandola-Madonna del Ponte">
Romandola-Madonna del Ponte

Romandola-Madonna del Ponte (suddenly known simply as Romandola) is a hamlet ("frazione") of the comune of Campagna in the Province of Salerno, Campania, Italy.
Geography.
The village is situated in a hill zone in the central-eastern side of its municipality, close to the hamlets of Puglietta and Serradarce.

</doc>
<doc id="20856711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856711" title="Jeremiah Morehouse House">
Jeremiah Morehouse House

The Jeremiah Morehouse House is located on Hathorn Road in Warwick, New York, United States, just off NY 94. It is a wooden house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
It is on a lot adjacent to the General John Hathorn Stone House, also listed on the Register. The house was originally built in 1767 by Abijah Morehouse, an early settler of the Warwick region who had arrived from Connecticut, and parts of it reflect English building traditions more common there. His descendants, particularly his son Jeremiah, extensively renovated it in the early 19th century, adding elements of that era's dominant Greek Revival style.
House and property.
The house sits amid trees and shrubbery facing Hathorn Road, the former alignment of Route 94 and a largely unaltered section of the former Kings' Highway, 94's predecessor from the colonial era. It is on the northern of two parcels on the total property bisected by the road. There are several outbuildings, most of them considered contributing resources to the historic character of the property.
It is five bays wide and two stories tall, on a fieldstone and mortar foundation. The gabled roof has a medium pitch. Siding is wood shake with some original corner boards remaining. The roof is shingled in asphalt, with two brick chimneys rising from the center. There is a small shed-roofed bump-out on the northern side. The windows are all flanked by pilasters and crowned with fully decorated entablatures.
The interior is built on a center-hall plan and has a fully excavated basement. Most of the finishes and some of the wood trim dates to the mid-19th century. Some furnishings, such as the five-paneled wooden door that leads from the center to one of the older sections, date to the house's earliest years.
There are a few other buildings and objects on the property that are of sufficient age to add to its historic character. A small wood frame shed with gabled metal-seam roof in the rear dates to the late 19th century. In front of the house are an iron hitching post and a millstone used as a carriage step; these too are contributing. A detached frame garage is of unknown date but is probably recent; it is the only non-contributing resource on the property.
Across the road, the stone wall is included in the listing, as is the large wooden dairy barn with a collapsed roof. Next to it is a smaller, L-shaped building probably used as a chicken coop and granary. Another smaller barn with cupola in a late Victorian style was probably used for keeping horses.
History.
Adonijah Morehouse came to the Warwick area from Ridgefield, Connecticut around 1764, drawn like many others from New England by reports of unsettled land and fertile fields. He bought the land in 1767 and married Sarah Brower the next year. The house as originally built was probably close to the English models seen in Connecticut at the time; however it was likely only one and a half stories in height rather than the two more typical of English vernacular homes. This is more typical of homes in the Hudson Valley, where homebuilding was as influenced by Dutch and German traditions as English.
Census and property tax records for the remainder of the 18th century do not list Jeremiah or his mother as the owner. This is probably because they left the house at that time to go live with her second husband in the nearby hamlet of Bellvale. By 1800 he is listed as the head of the house, and so it remained through the 1830 census.
In the 1840s the family expanded the house, adding to the west and giving it its current footprint. They also extensively remodeled the interior, and the trim from this era shows the influence of the then-popular Greek Revival. Most notable in this regard is the chinoiserie-inspired staircase. The structural framing was also revised to include some lighter, milled woods to supplement the heavy-hewn beams the house had originally been built with.
Twenty years later George Morehouse expanded the house again. This time they raised it to two full stories and added a boxed cornice with hidden "Yankee" gutter. Both small rear porches were added at this time, suggesting the influence of the Picturesque as visualized by Andrew Jackson Downing.
The house was sold in 1871 to local dairy farmer Pierson Ezra Sanford, who combined both it and the Hathorn property next door into one lot. The barn across the street, and many of the other outbuildings, were likely built around this time to support the farming operations.
In the 20th century, the house and property passed to other owners. One of them removed the box cornice and replaced Yankee gutters with standard gutters; the seam-metal roof was also shingled. The current owner put the shakes over the original clapboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20856714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856714" title="Age determination in dinosaurs">
Age determination in dinosaurs

Age determination in dinosaurs is mainly used to determine the approximate age of a dinosaur when the animal died.
History.
Early attempts to estimate the longevity of dinosaurs used allometric scaling principles. Ages were determined by dividing individual mass estimates by rates of growth for similar, extant taxa. For very large individuals, growth rates were extrapolated to dinosaur proportions using regression analysis. The results of these investigations have been extremely variable as they depend on mass estimates and growth rates that are highly at odds with one another.
For example, longevity estimates for the sauropod "Hypselosaurus priscus" range from a few decades to several hundred years. Recently, however, it has been shown that most dinosaur bones have growth lines that are visible in thin sectioned material viewed under a polarized light source.
Growth lines.
Two types of growth lines exist: "annuli", and "lines of arrested growth" (LAGs). Histological examinations have revealed that annuli are composed of thin layers of avascular bone with parallel-aligned bone fibers. The growth line annuli are found compressed between broad vascularized regions of bone with randomly oriented fibrillar patterns, known as zones.
Lines of arrested growth, similar to annuli, are found between zones are avascular. They are, however, much thinner, and have relatively fewer bone fibers by volume.
Studies on extant vertebrates indicate that the vascularized zones form during moderate to rapid skeletogenesis, and that abrupt metabolic disruptions of bone formation can trigger growth line deposition.
Both types of growth lines may be deposited in synchrony with endogenous biorhythms. For example, captive crocodilians exposed to constant temperature, diet, and photoperiod, still exhibit the periodic and cyclical skeletal growth banding of their wild counterparts. Consequently, it is assumed that many paleontologists that the growth lines of dinosaurs reflect annual rhythms, and that they may be used to determine individual ages. However, in the large and long bones of many dinosaurian taxa, resorption of internal and external bone proceeds even as new cortical bone continues to be deposited, so that growth lines deposited early in development may need to be inferred.
Results in dinosaurs.
The results of pioneering efforts to age dinosaur fossils using growth ring counts suggest that the longevity of the basal ceratopsian "Psittacosaurus" "mongoliensis" was 10 or 11 years. The prosauropod "Massospondylus carinatus" 15 years of age, the sauropod "Bothriospondylus madagascariensis" 43 years, the coelophysoid "Megapnosaurus rhodesiensis" 7 years, and the maniraptor "Troodon formosus" 3-5 years of age respectively. These data are being used in conjunction with mass estimated in order to infer the metabolic status and growth rates of dinosaurs.

</doc>
<doc id="20856717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856717" title="Idiodes siculoides">
Idiodes siculoides

Idiodes siculoides is a species of Ennominae that occurs in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20856732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856732" title="Glomeruloid hemangioma">
Glomeruloid hemangioma

Glomeruloid hemangioma is a distinctive vascular neoplasm first described in 1990 when found to be associated with Crow-Fukase syndrome and Castleman's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20856747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856747" title="Giannetto De Rossi">
Giannetto De Rossi

Giannetto De Rossi (born 1942) is an Italian make up artist who has worked on films such as "Emanuelle in America", "Zombie 2" and "Dune".
Beginnings.
One of his first special FX roles was as make up artist for Joe D'Amato, whose film "Emanuelle in America" required detailed special FX for the notorious snuff film sequences.
De Rossi prepared several gruesome effects for the film reels, which were played as part of the narrative; the effects included a woman's breasts being hacked off, multiple floggings, burning with acid and pokers and shootings.
The FX were so convincing, many thought them real snuff film scenes, also an actress complained, she had been traumatised by the effects as well.
International fame.
When gore master Lucio Fulci required FX, for the goriest horror film in history "Zombi 2", De Rossi arrived on set, and in the process created zombies, bite wounds and an exploding head. This film cemented his reputation as possibly the greatest special FX designer of all time.
De Rossi would continue to help Fulci in two more films: "The Beyond" and "The House by the Cemetery".
Hollywood fame.
De Rossi was next called by Dino De Laurentiis to work with Carlo Rambaldi to create the on-set practical effects for two films in Mexico including the sci fi blockbuster "Dune", for which he worked wonders, creating the fetus-shaped Spice Guild Navigator seen floating in a tank. The other film (shot simultaneously and using many of the same sets) would be Conan the Destroyer in which he helped create the mutated Wizard as well as the Dagoth monster suit worn by André the Giant.
In the late 80's he created the special makeup effects on Rambo III most specifically the shot in which Rambo heals himself by igniting gunpowder inside of a torso bullet wound (De Rossi rigged a device which caused flame to burst from both Sylvester Stallone's stomach and back at once). Stallone was so impressed by De Rossi's work that he made sure to hire him again for the make-up effects for Daylight (1996 film), which was shot in Rome and put Stallone's son Sage Stallone in contact with Lucio Fulci. Fabrizio De Angelis (who had previously produced all the Fulci films De Rossi had worked on) invited him in to work in the Dominican Republic to create the title monster in the film Killer Crocodile (1989 film) with the offer to direct two low budget sci-fi films (Killer Crocodile 2 and The Cy Warrior) of his own for his company Fulvia Film.
He is also notable as the designer of the mask used in the film The Man in the Iron Mask (1998 film).
Later years.
De Rossi continued creating FX for both Italian and American cinema, of which he still does today.
His film credits as special make-up & effects artist.
Christopher Roth (2010)(post-production)
The Last Legion (2007)
"Pompei"(2007) TV mini-series
Ring of the Nibelungs (2004)(TV)
Modigliani (2004)
Haute tension(High Tension) (2003)
Uprising (2001) (TV)
Amici ahrarara (2001)
Harrison's Flowers (2000)
Vatel (2000)
Asterix et Obelix contre Cesar (1999)
The Man in the Iron Mask (1998)
Kull the Conqueror (1997)
Daylight (1996)
Dragonheart (1996)
Catherine the Great (1995)(TV)
The Inner Circle (1991)
Dr. M (1990)
Killer Crocodile (1989)
Rambo III (1988)
State buoni...se potete (1984)
Dune (1984)
Conan the Destroyer (1984)
I predatori di Atlantide(Atlantis Inferno) (1983)
La traviata (1983)
Piranha Par Two: The Spawning (1981)
Quella villa accanto al cimitero(The House by the Cemetery) (1981)
E tu vivrai nel terrore-L'aldila(The Beyond aka Seven Doors of Death) (1981)
Zombi Holocaust(Zombie Holocaust aka Dr. Butcher M.D.) (1980)
Apocalypse domani(Cannibal Apocalypse aka Cannibals in the Streets aka
Invasion of the Fleshhunters) (1980)
Zombi 2(Zombie aka Zombie Flesh Eaters) (1979)
L'umanoide(The Humanoid) (1979)
King of the Gypsies (1978)
Emanuelle in America (1977)
Il Casanova di Federico Fellini(Fellini's Casanova) (1976)
Cattivi pensieri (1976)
Novecento(1900)(1976)
Non si deve profanare il sonno dei morti(No profanar el sueno
de los muertos aka The Living Dead at Manchester Morgue aka Let Sleeping
Corpses Lie aka Don't Open the Window aka Do No Speak III of the Dead) (1974)
Mussolini: Ultimo atto(The Last 4 Days)(1974)
Ash Wednesday (1973)
Valdez, il mezzosangue(Chino) (1973)
II prode Anselmo e il suo scudiero (1972)
La piu bella serata della mia vita (1972)
All'onorevole piacciono le donne Nonostante le apparenza...e purche la
nazione non lo sappia(The Senator Likes Women) (1972)
The Valachi Papers (1972)
Quando gli uomini armarono la clava e...con le donne fecero din-don(When Men
Carried Clubs and Women Played Ding-Dong aka When Women Played Ding Dong) (1971)
Waterloo (1970)
Quando le donne avevano la coda(When Women Had Tails) (1970)
The Invincible Six (1970)
C'era una volta il West(Once Upon a Time in the West) (1968)
The Taming of the Shrew (1967)
Io,io,io...e gli altri(Me,Me,Me...and the Others) (1966)
Svegliati e uccidi(1966)
La donna del lago(The Possessed) (1965)
Cadavere per signora(Corpse for the Lady) (1964)
I maniaci(The Maniacs) (1964)
Obiettivo ragazze (1963)
Le ore della'amore(The Hours of Love) (1963)
His credits as director & Writer.
Tummy (1995)
Killer Crocodile II (1990)
Cyborg il guerriero d'acciaio (1989)

</doc>
<doc id="20856763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856763" title="Serradarce">
Serradarce

Serradarce is a hamlet ("frazione") of the comune of Campagna in the Province of Salerno, Campania, Italy.
Geography.
The village is situated in a hill zone in the eastern side of the municipality, on a road linking Eboli to Contursi Terme.

</doc>
<doc id="20856767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856767" title="Cumbria County Cup">
Cumbria County Cup

The Cumbria County Cup is an amateur rugby league knock-out competition for clubs in the county of Cumbria. The cup is administered by the Cumberland Amateur Rugby League Association, a branch of the British Amateur Rugby League Association, and has been played for since 1982.
The final is traditionally played around Christmas time every year. The club with most wins is Kells from Whitehaven with seven.
There is also a Cumbria Youth Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20856774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856774" title="Nash Petrel">
Nash Petrel

__NOTOC__
The Nash Petrel also known as the Procter Petrel is a two-seat aerobatic or glider tug aircraft. It was designed for amateur production by Procter Aircraft Associates of Camberley, Surrey, England. By the time the aircraft first flew, Procter had changed ownership and had been renamed Nash Aircraft Ltd.
Development.
Based on the earlier Mitchell-Proctor Kittiwake design, the Petrel is an all-metal low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design powered by a 130 hp Rolls-Royce Continental O-240-A piston engine. Only two aircraft were built, the prototype registered G-AXSF and one built by apprentices at the British Aircraft Corporation factory at Preston in 1973, registered G-BACA. G-BACA had a serious fault with the landing gear and only flew 15 hours before being grounded. The prototype still exists but without a current certificate of airworthiness. It is presently fitted with a Lycoming O-360-A3A engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20856778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856778" title="Matthias Baumann">
Matthias Baumann

Matthias Andreas Baumann (born 5 April 1963 in Munich) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in eventing at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20856784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856784" title="Collagenous fibroma">
Collagenous fibroma

Collagenous fibroma (also known as "Desmoplastic fibroblastoma") is a slow-growing, deep-set, benign fibrous tumor, usually located in the deep subcutis, fascia, aponeurosis, or skeletal muscle of the extremities, limb girdles, or head and neck regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20856789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856789" title="Military Medical University">
Military Medical University

Military Medical University may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20856790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856790" title="Go TV">
Go TV

go tv, is a 24-hour music channel based in Vienna, Austria. The channel launched on October 1, 2002. The channel targets audiences in Austria, but is also widely available throughout Europe. 
Strategy.
The channel features music from established and underground local artists, as well as music particularly from Europe and North America. The channel is marketed through the German language. The channel features a broad music policy playing a mix of music from pop to rock, hip-hop to dance, heavy-metal to alternative and everything in between. Though the channel is primarily marketed towards Austrian TV viewers, the channel is widely available throughout Europe on Astra satellite. The channel also offers viewers the latest news, events guide, competitions, music and film promos. 
On-Air Identity.
The channel has used the same on-air identity since its launch in 2003 with some changes along the way. On-air idents were designed by Zoe Irvine. The channels presenter an animated logo designed by Axel Stockburger. Idents change depending on the emotions of the GoTV logo.

</doc>
<doc id="20856795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856795" title="Thema protogramma">
Thema protogramma

Thema protogramma is a species of Oecophoridae that occurs in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20856799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856799" title="Central New York Telephone and Telegraph Building">
Central New York Telephone and Telegraph Building

The Central New York Telephone and Telegraph Building, also known as the Onondaga Historical Association Building, designed by Henry W. Wilkinson, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, and is part of the Montgomery Street-Columbus Circle Historic District, listed in 1979. It was the first building in Syracuse designed specifically to house the telephone company, and did so from 1899 to 1905, when the company moved to bigger facilities. In 1905, the Onondaga Historical Association purchased the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20856808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856808" title="Matty Maher">
Matty Maher

Matthew "Matty" Maher (born 1856) was an Irish hurler who played for the Tipperary senior team.
Maher made his first appearance for the team during the 1887 championship and was a regular member of the panel at various times until his retirement after the 1894 championship. During that time he won one All-Ireland medal.
At club level Maher was a one-time county club championship medalist with Thurles.

</doc>
<doc id="20856815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856815" title="William Cochran (physicist)">
William Cochran (physicist)

William (Bill) Cochran (30 July 1922 – 28 August 2003) was a prominent Scottish physicist. 
Bill Cochran was born in Scotland and educated at Boroughmuir High School in Edinburgh. He studied physics at the University of Edinburgh. He completed his PhD under Arnold Beevers in the Chemistry Department in X-ray crystallography of sucrose using isomorphous replacement. Moving to Cambridge University to work with Lawrence Bragg, obtaining tenure in 1951. He realised that isomorphous replacement was the key to solving protein structures. With Francis Crick he invented methods for deducing helical patterns from crystallographic data, which ultimately led to the solution of the structure of DNA.
Cochran went on to study neutron diffraction with Bertram Brockhouse and used lattice dynamics and to explain the phenomenon of ferroelectricity in terms of lattice instabilities. This was tested by his students Stuart Pawley, Roger Cowley and Richard Nelmes. This idea was also advanced around the same time by Philip Anderson, but Cochran, with his unfailing modesty, credits Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman and Negundagi with the original idea. Cochrane's basic idea is that on cooling from a high temperature state, symmetry breaking can occur.
Cochrane returned to Edinburgh in 1964 as Chair of Natural Philosophy. In this same year Peter Higgs introduced the idea of the Higgs boson and Higgs field. Higgs basic idea is that on cooling from a high temperature state, symmetry breaking can occur, and it has been claimed that the original insight leading to the Higgs boson was due to Philip Anderson.
He became Head of Department in 1975, and was instrumental in the merger of the Natural Philosophy and Mathematical Physics departments. He was vice-principal from 1984 to 1987. 
He died with motor-neurone disease in 2003.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in March 1962 and won their Hughes Medal in 1978. He won the Howard N. Potts Medal of the Franklin Institute in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20856823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856823" title="Weimar Saxon-Grand Ducal Art School">
Weimar Saxon-Grand Ducal Art School

Weimar Saxon-Grand Ducal Art School ("Grossherzoglich-Sächsische Kunstschule Weimar") was an art school set up by decree by Charles Alexander, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach on 1 October 1860. It existed until 1910. That year it was promoted to a Kunsthochschule as the "Großherzoglich Sächsische Hochschule für Bildende Kunst in Weimar". It is not to be confused with the Fürstlichen freien Zeichenschule (1776–1930), which from 1860 gave the preliminary teaching before admission to the art school.
Related people.
Directors and lecturers.
By date of appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="20856824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856824" title="Plexiform fibrohistiocytic tumor">
Plexiform fibrohistiocytic tumor

Plexiform fibrohistiocytic tumor is a rare tumor that arises primarily on the upper extremities of children and young adults.

</doc>
<doc id="20856839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856839" title="Ned Murphy">
Ned Murphy

Edward 'Ned' Murphy was an Irish sportsperson in the 1880s. A native of Thurles, County Tipperary, he played hurling with his local Thurles Blues club and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team that won the very first All-Ireland title in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20856854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856854" title="Atypical fibroxanthoma">
Atypical fibroxanthoma

Atypical fibroxanthoma of the skin is a low-grade malignancy related to malignant fibrous histiocytoma, which it resembles histologically.
See also.
Tumour of skin/soft tissue
Common in the elderly
Differential diagnoses: 
Squamous cell carcinoma
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma
Treatment:
Surgical excision with clear margins

</doc>
<doc id="20856869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856869" title="Kurt Gröschke">
Kurt Gröschke

Kurt Gröschke (17 July 1907 – 26 March 1996), was a German Fallschirmjäger (paratrooper) during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20856882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856882" title="Ana Ibáñez Llorente">
Ana Ibáñez Llorente

Ana Ibáñez Llorente (born Haro, La Rioja, Spain 1981) is a Spanish television news anchor based in Madrid, Spain. She can be seen on TVE 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20856883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856883" title="Carlos Pairetti">
Carlos Pairetti

Carlos Alberto Pairetti (born October 17, 1935 in Buenos Aires Province), is a retired Argentine racing driver. He won the Turismo Carretera championship in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20856892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856892" title="Tom Burke (hurler)">
Tom Burke (hurler)

Tom Burke was an Irish sportsperson in the 1880s. A native of Thurles, County Tipperary, he played hurling with his local Thurles Blues club and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team that won the very first All-Ireland title in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20856893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856893" title="Ulrich Pinner">
Ulrich Pinner

Ulrich Pinner (born 7 February 1954, in Zittau, Germany), is a former professional tennis player from Germany. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 22 in July 1979 and was the German No. 1 from 1978-1980.
Pinner participated in 10 Davis Cup ties for West Germany from 1976 to 1982, posting a 12–8 record in singles and a 2–1 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20856898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856898" title="Marika Gombitová">
Marika Gombitová

Marika Gombitová (, born September 12, 1956) is a Slovak recording artist, often referred to as The Songstress of the Century. Having sold over one million gramophone records, she is considered as the most prominent female vocalist in her country of origin. Apart from her idiosyncratic vocal and distinctive interpreting skills, her artistry has been credited for its diverse musical style, as well her composing capabilities. She also became known for a series of sonically innovative studio albums released in the 1980s. The authors of her self-titled biography book published in 2008, labeled Gombitová as a "singer-genius and very private person."
Gombitová started to receive her early critical acclaim as the lead female vocalist of the group Modus since 1976. Nevertheless, she gradually developed her public image as a soloist, making own professional debut on short play in 1977. Subsequently after winning Bratislavská lýra with "Študentská láska" (1978), her debut album entitled "Dievča do dažďa" (1979) saw its eventual release on OPUS Records, selling over 200,000 units. Its lead, "Vyznanie", earned several music awards; most notably at the 4th Intervision Song Festival held in Sopot, Poland (1980). In addition, the song was voted by STV audience as "The Hit of the Century" (2007), being covered by a number of other musicians.
Prior to the launching of her second set, "Môj malý príbeh" (1981), her career was adversely affected by a serious single-car accident. Even though singer survived, as a result of multiple injuries she has been tied to a wheelchair for life. Following a six month recovery, artist returned to the spotlight scoring new top rankings and even touring again. Her comeback album, "Slnečný kalendár" (1982), continued with the previously established sound, such as mainly pop rock; shortly she began to explore also other styles in her work. While her unconventional guitar-based double set, "Mince na dne fontán" (1983), earned the Gold Arms award for the Best Audio Recording, its successor called "Marika №5" (1984) would find her experimenting with electronic music for a change, giving Gombitová some of her strongest reviews ever. The album considered for one of the most influential in her geographical region, yet it proved to be less thriving in terms of commercial outcomes.
During the second half of the 1980s, she thus carried on achieving commercial success through a radio-friendly format. Her consecutively running synthpop outputs, "Voľné miesto v srdci" (1986) and "Ateliér duše" (1987), they both enjoyed a series of airplay hit singles, being accompanied with her sold-out concert tour "Adresa ja, adresa ty". After the less favorably viewed album, "Kam idú ľudia?" (1990) that served as her closing release on OPUS, her career went on to a hiatus. Prior to her ultimate withdrawal from public, she issued through Jumbo Records "Zostaň" (1994), her final studio effort to date. However, singer expressed occasional sentiments to deliver a new full-length material in the 21st century, she would regularly cite medical reasons for dropping out from further recording involvements. Since then, her rare appearance has been limited to casual single releases, such as "Prosba" (2000), or rather her duets "Nespáľme to krásne v nás" (2001) and "Tajnosľubná" (2005); both recorded with former co-worker Miro Žbirka.
Despite her premature retirement, Gombitová is regarded as a dominant figure in popular culture whose achievements reflect her influence in redefining the scope of Czechoslovak pop music. She has been quoted as an inspiration by numerous artists leaving an indelible imprint on the music industry as a whole. Beside her countless awards, she was inducted into the Grand Prix ZAI Hall of Fame (1996) becoming at the age of thirty-nine years the first and only such female case by now in her native country. Moreover, six out of her nine studio albums in total were listed among The 100 Greatest Slovak Albums of All Time, making Gombitová the most successful solo act in the history of Slovak contemporary music. Her work remains being periodically played by major local radio stations. Most currently, her multi-platinum compilation called "Vyznanie" (2007) peaked at number twenty-three on the Czech Albums chart, and her latest airplay single "Tak som chcela všetkých milovať", it reached on the Slovak component playlist number twenty.
Biography.
1956–74: Early years and Profily band.
Marika Gombitová was born on September 12, 1956 in village Turany nad Ondavou, east Slovakia, as the seventh descendent of Michal (December 19, 1913) and Margita (August 19, 1921, née Novotňáková). However two of their former daughters — one of which was already given the name [Mária] — died due to hypothermia. Since the age of nine, she was taking piano lessons in the local Ľudová škola umenia (LŠU) in Stropkov. Following her failure to study singing at Music school, she continued with engineering in Košice. While on high school, she sang with an amateur band called Profily. Later she would shortly perform for the orchestras of Juraj Szabadoš and/or Július Olajoš.
1975–77: Early recordings, Modus band and "Úsmev".
In 1975, Gombitová made her first recordings ("Karta" and "Nájdem hviezdu") at Slovak Radio Košice. The next year, she received an offer from Janko Lehotský, frontman of the Modus band, to join his professional group. Following the leaving exam she, therefore, moved to Bratislava and got an initial exposure in Slovak Television with songs "Lúčenie" and "Túto pieseň spievam vám" (both co-written by Lehotský), performed in "Chvíľa pre pesničku" in 1976. At first, she would release a number of singles with Modus (such as "Veľký sen mora", "Margaréta", "Zažni" — all from 1977) as a backing vocalist. Her solo part came along with the Bratislavská lýra '77 winning composition "Úsmev" that featured also vocal contributions by Lehotský, Miro Žbirka and Miro Jevčák. Subsequently, Gombitová recorded her debut solo single entitled "Boľavé námestie." For the first time, her name appears in the national music poll Zlatý slavík, being ranked as the 46th Most Popular Female Singer in Czechoslovakia in 1977 (Modus scored at number #6).
1978–80: "Študentská láska," "Vyznanie," Intervision prize and car accident.
The second solo single by Gombitová, "Študentská láska," was issued in 1978. The song won two awards at the Bratislavská lýra '78 festival, being classified as the most selling SP in July in Slovakia. She also recorded four tracks on the Motion Picture Soundtrack of "Smoliari" (issued in 1979), and her position in annual Zlatý slavík skyrocketed to number #4 this time (Next year she scored at #3, while at #2 in 1980). Following her contribution to the Collegium Musicum's full length project entitled "On a Ona," Gombitová along with Modus was headed in February 1979 to the recording studio to work on their self-titled debut album. In addition, she would also release her own debut set "Dievča do dažďa." With its pilot single "Vyznanie," Gombitová entered the 4th Intervision Song Festival held in Sopot, Poland on August 20–23, 1980. As a result, she received the first prize in the competition representing record companies, shared with Nikolai Gnatiuk from Russia (for the song "Dance on a Drum").
Artistry.
Voice and timbre.
With ambitus registered at F2, Gombitová possesses an over two-octave vocal range and has the ability to reach notes beyond H2, when using head register.
In the early phase of her solo career, she underwent vocal training with coach František Tugendlieb, whose supervision included a broad range of her peers recording artists. Tugendlieb had become proverbial for dividing off head register from chest voice, allowing production of nasal tones, which resulted in a greasy-voiced sound distinctive for overtone singing, or rather children. As such it was popularized by Bee Gees. Unlike her later imitators (e.g. Darina Rolincová as the most notorious in the 1980s), Gombitová's vocal style was not similar to other pop stars of that period and she soon introduced her own modus, establishing herself as The Songstress of the Century in the 21st century.
Reactions to the "childlike quality" of her vocals changed with the release of her solo debut album "Dievča do dažďa" (1979). Peter Lipták praised Gombitová for "beautifully metallic, a bit heavily-sounding voice", while František Horáček from "Populár" went in his superlative review even further when compared "[her original, metallic-sharp timbre" to "the tonal compression of organ pipes". He would also emphasize her "absolutely extraordinary way to split a melody" and "phrasing that brings an outstanding tension — the bigger the slower is composition". Other critics, such as one of the Czech most intransigent Jan Rejžek, he described Gombitová's voice as "circularly laserlike", and even later looked up to artist as a "self-sufficient and sovereign rival of Zlatý slavík-winning singers" who is aware when "to set toxic heights to make your flesh so longly-for creep — making it a party, instead a public holiday". In response to her second set "Môj malý príbeh" (1980), record producer Július Kinček stated that writing about "[her original vocal, excellent technique, sound sense for rock genre, flawless phrasing and great musicianship... has already become by now bringing the wood to the forest". He also attributed much of her success to Gombitová's "admirable way to seize emotional tension of compositions on the first place". Nevertheless, Marián Jaslovský as the only criticized most of the singer's vocal outputs from the soundtrack "Neberte nám princeznú" (1980), and reportedly for her "traditionally artificial exhibition", which he saw unsupportive toward fluidity of Ursiny's songs.
In order to achieve maximum results from her subsequent car accident events, on account of which singer then lost perception over two thirds of her bodily functions — among other also lower part of her lungs, so much of significance for a breath control —, Gombitová had to acquire a new vocal technique. Curiously enough, condition of her voice had seemed to be untouched and reviewists continued with being enthusiastic. "Populár" music columnist Dagmar Kolářová complimented Gombitová on her "singing artistry", no less her attitude for "expressive style" she delivered on her comeback album "Slnečný kalendár" (1982). Miloš Skalka of "Mladá fronta" praised her ensuing live performances on "Mince na dne fontán Tour" (1983) for "excellent vocal dispositions and secure intonation". "Život" magazine, for a change, documented "the sincerity of [her testimony, persuasiveness of interpretation, which extends to simplicity." Author Vladimír Petr from "Rytmus" circumscribed her vocalizing in depth, pointing for the singer's voice out "[it is none of average that would disturb, or attract. The other way around, for which applies only two extreme options as maximum — either you accept it as it comes with its provocative metallic pitches and [her girlish whisper, or you are not capable of listening to, due to all said attributes."
Over the course of her career, Gombitová's voice grew deeper and fuller as noticed by "Populár" in the middle of the 1980s. Ivan Kytka observed on her "Adresa ja, adresa ty Tour" (1985/87) that her "once thin laser voice gained new positions and keys", whereas he stressed that singer expanded her brand as a confident composer, too. Her 1990s vocal input for "Kam idú ľudia?" (1990) was seen less favorably by critics, which then blamed her album performances for artificiality, arbitrary phrasing, as well "language-rape" as written in Andrej Turok's review. Although, he did not disclaim Gombitová's constant "flawless intonation", respectively "civilized singing" on down-tempo tracks, on the contrary. Since the 21st century, Gombitová has sung in her medium-ranged voice ("Nespáľme to krásne v nás" and "Tajnosľubná"), with exception of her higher register for the chorus ("Prosba"). Following several abortive efforts to encourage artist to return to the studios, the media began to speculate on a loss of her voice in 2004. Czech "Právo" printed a statement, upon which "[she refuses to return to the spotlight in fear her triumphant comeback could turn into a total fiasco". Those guessings were turned down by her lifetime lyricist Kamil Peteraj, who stated for the press that "problem does not concern [her voice but psychic." His opinion confirmed ex-opera singer and vocal pedagogue Dagmar Livorová, however, she admitted herself that such injuries as of bottom sections of abdomen may result in a collapse when vocally performing. Žbirka, with whom Gombitová recorded two of her final recordings to date, finds difficult in essence to inspire artist with a new material.
Music videos and live performances.
Prior to the music video-era, which arrived with the MTV broadcast in the early 1980s in the U.S., Czechoslovak audience had no representative music channel focusing predominantly on playing music videos either afterwards. The local artists presented their work through imagery of various TV programs delivered on the state-owned network. Gombitová received her exposure on the national television on November 30, 1976, performing "Túto pieseň spievam vám" along with "Lúčenie" for "Chvíľa pre pesničku". Two weeks later, on December 11, she also appeared on the showbill of "Vyberte si pesničku". This time around though, she introduced a song called "Ty vieš, mama", issued as B-side of her debut single that followed shortly. In 1978, her "Letná pieseň" found a rapport on additional televised charts, such as "Našich 9", which she eventually topped with duet "S tou nádejou choď spať" featuring Lehotský. Needless to say, censorship had been a regular subject of intense debate during the red regime in her country and the communist party maintained to supervise lyrical content of all public recordings by means of then devoted committees. Gombitová thus would not gain a full control over her own creative outputs.
Furthermore, her mobility impairment has led to herself being viewed as a physically disabled artist since 1981, and it has largely afflicted also such aspects of her subsequent recording career as producing promotional video clips and, especially, her live performances. Nevertheless, singer would substantially contribute to the local music video even later. Her impact on the music video sphere equally document several wins of her songs on varied popular video charts, such as "5 x P" and "Triangel". While the first she entered with "Muž Nula" (1984), its successor served as instrumental to support her continual popularity in the region through additional number-one hits; namely "Zem menom láska" (1985), "Chlapci v pasci" (1986), "Koloseum" (1988) and "Paradiso" (1995) recognized as the first video release by any native-born artist. The videotape featured seven 35 mm films produced by Koliba Film Studios, six of which were to promote compositions from the corresponding studio album of the same title. In addition and before the dissolution of the federal state in the 1990s, Gombitová became on June 20, 1990 the first local singer to appear on the Austrian video chart "Die Großen Zehn", presenting for ORF the lead single from her "Kam idú ľudia?" set entitled "Babylónia" (dir. Peter Sedlák).
Legacy.
Honors and awards.
Marika Gombitová has received numerous awards and accolades in recognition of her success in the music industry. At the turn of the 3rd millennium, she was named The Songstress of the Century and her achievements in the music genre has made others to call her "The First Lady of Slovak Pop Music", respectively. As of 2014, she has accumulated a total of 117 awards and/or nominations, and her list also includes a number of music recording certifications received for the sale of her studio albums. Her double win at the Bratislavská lýra in 1978 with "Študentská láska" became a significant milestone in her solo career, which led to the award's Silver in 1979 (for "Vyznanie") and its Bronze equivalent (for her duet "Tajomstvo hier" with Lehotský) in 1980. Prior to surviving her car accident, she was bestowed an Intervision award from the East European International Radio and Television Organisation in response to her live performance of songs "Vyznanie" and "Chcem sa s tebou deliť", accomplished in 1980 in Sopot, Poland. Besides, her signature song ("Vyznanie") won the countrywide competition run by Slovak public TV network in 2007 as The Hit of the Century.
In a career spanning more or less three decades, Gombitová had sold more than one million LP records in the vinyl era. On March 2, 1996, she became the first female performer, so well one of the first inductees ever to be inducted into the Hall of Fame by Grand Prix ZAI academics. She also holds the record as the artist with the most releases listed among The 100 Greatest Slovak Albums of All Time. Six of her solo studio albums were ranked as some of those best, and the overall index features also her vocal contribution to additional nominated releases (such as co-recorded with Modus and Žbirka, or delivered for "Neberte nám princeznú" soundtrack). Aside from her critical accomplishments, Gombitová has been frequently voted in national annual music polls, namely Zlatý slavík and its subsequent equivalents, i.e. Slovenský slávik and Slávik. While eventually winning two editions (1997–98), she topped eight times (1980, 1982–83, 1998, 2000–02, 2005) as the second Most Popular Female Singer in the country, despite showing no particular interest in accepting these recognitions. For her other cultural and/or lifetime achievements, she is also a recipient of the Main Prize by the Culture Ministry of the Czechoslovakia (1986), the Freedom of the City of her birth municipality (2007), as well of the town of Stropkov (2013) and, among others, The Woman of the Year title (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20856901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856901" title="Dermal dendrocyte hamartoma">
Dermal dendrocyte hamartoma

Dermal dendrocyte hamartoma is characterized by a rounded, medallion-like lesion on the upper trunk in which there is a proliferation of fusiform CD34, factor XIIIa-positive cells in the mid and reticular dermis.

</doc>
<doc id="20856904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856904" title="Ministry of Health and Social Welfare">
Ministry of Health and Social Welfare

The Ministry of Health and Social Welfare is a government ministry of Tanzania. Its central offices are located in Dar es Salaam. Its mission is to "facilitate the provision of basic health services that are good, quality, equitable, accessible, affordable, sustainable[,] and gender sensitive."
Organization.
The structure of the ministry is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20856909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856909" title="Bankera">
Bankera

The Bankera are a genus of fungi in the family Bankeraceae.
External links.
Index Fungorum

</doc>
<doc id="20856910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856910" title="Thies Kaspareit">
Thies Kaspareit

Thies Kaspareit (born 1 February 1964 in Oldenburg in Holstein) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20856932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856932" title="Contingent value rights">
Contingent value rights

A Contingent Value Rights (CVR) is a type of option that can be issued by the buyer of a company to the sellers. It specifies an event, which, if triggered, lets the sellers acquire more shares in the target company.

</doc>
<doc id="20856963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856963" title="Ralf Ehrenbrink">
Ralf Ehrenbrink

Ralf Ehrenbrink (born August 29, 1960 in Bielefeld, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="20856965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856965" title="Isomoralla eriscota">
Isomoralla eriscota

Isomoralla eriscota is a species of Oecophoridae that occurs in Australia. The adult has brown forewings with lighter brown bands.

</doc>
<doc id="20856968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856968" title="Domingo Francisco Sánchez">
Domingo Francisco Sánchez

Domingo Francisco Sánchez (b. 20 March 1795 in Asunción, d. 1 March 1870) was the Vice President of Paraguay in the administration of Francisco Solano López from 1862 to 1870. Sánchez was one of the few officials who worked in the administrations of Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia, Carlos Antonio López and Francisco Solano López.
He died in the Paraguayan War in combat with Brazilian forces on 1 March 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="20856969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856969" title="Indus worm">
Indus worm

The Indus Worm from Medieval bestiaries was a giant, white, carnivorous worm that lived in the Indus River.

</doc>
<doc id="20856974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856974" title="Indiana Boxcar Corporation">
Indiana Boxcar Corporation

The Indiana Boxcar Corporation (IBC), based in Connersville, Indiana, United States, provides services such as locomotive leasing to the rail industry. It also owns several short-line railroads which operate lines under contract for their owners:

</doc>
<doc id="20856978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856978" title="On the Poverty of Student Life">
On the Poverty of Student Life

On the Poverty of Student Life: A Consideration of Its Economic, Political, Sexual, Psychological and Notably Intellectual Aspects and of a Few Ways to Cure it () is a pamphlet first published by students of the University of Strasbourg and the Situationist International (SI) in 1966. Attacking the subservience of university students and the strategies of student radicals, it caused significant uproar, led to the dissemination of Situationist ideas, and precipitated the events of May 1968 in France.
Background and publication.
Taking advantage of the apathy of their colleagues, five "Pro-situs", Situationist-influenced students had been elected to the University of Strasbourg's students' union in November 1966 and began scandalising the authorities. Their first action was to form an "anarchist appreciation society" called The Society for the Rehabilitation for Karl Marx and Ravachol; next they appropriated union funds to flypost "Return of the Durruti Column", André Bertrand's "détourned" comic strip. They then invited the Situationists to contribute a critique of the University of Strasbourg, and "On the Poverty of Student Life", written by Tunisian Situationist Mustapha/Omar Khayati was the result.
The students promptly proceeded to print 10,000 copies of the pamphlet using university funds and distributed them during a ceremony marking the beginning of the academic year. This provoked an immediate outcry in the local, national and international media. The students responsible were expelled and the student union closed under court order. The scandal significantly raised the profile of the SI and led them to reappraise the revolutionary potential of academia, reversing their previous disillusionment to take seats on the Occupation Committee of the Sorbonne during May 1968. "On the Poverty of Student Life" was a key text for the French and German students who rebelled in 1968.
Content and reception.
The text displayed an advanced understanding of Situationist concepts and tactics. It provoked the students of the university by confronting them with their subservience to the ideological conditions imposed upon them by the state, family and the university system. The pamphlet alleged that the students fled from this reality to take refuge in miserabilism and bohemianism. It also criticised radical student collectives including the Provos (Netherlands), Committee of One Hundred (United Kingdom) and those of Berkeley, California (United States) for fighting specific issues such as nuclear arms, racism and censorship rather than the system at large, praising only Spies for Peace.
The title of the pamphlet induced fury in the Parisian cafés in the Spring of 1967. The pamphlet was described by a local newspaper shortly after its release as "the first concrete manifestation of a revolt aiming quite openly at the destruction of society". Critic Greil Marcus characterised the pamphlet as a polemic in his history of 20th century avant-garde art movements "" (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="20856981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856981" title="Peter Buehning, Jr.">
Peter Buehning, Jr.

Peter Paul Gerhard Buehning, Jr. (born April 29, 1954) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Boston and is the older brother of James Buehning.
In 1976 he was part of the American team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament. He played three matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20856990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856990" title="Boletopsis">
Boletopsis

Boletopsis is a genus of mycorrhizal fungi in the family Bankeraceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20856992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856992" title="Marion Street Bridge">
Marion Street Bridge

The Marion Street Bridge is an automobile bridge located in Salem, Oregon, United States. It spans the Willamette River to connect Salem and West Salem, and acts as a conduit for Oregon Route 22. The bridge carries vehicular traffic one way westbound. Traffic includes two lanes that flow onto the bridge from Marion Street, vehicles turning right from Commercial Street, and traffic from a quarter-loop on-ramp from Front Street that was added in 1981. Construction began in December 1952 and the bridge opened in 1954, after taking nearly three years to complete. The bridge was built to complement the Center Street Bridge, which switched from two-way traffic to eastbound-only, later expanding to four lanes in 1982. At the time of its opening, the Marion Street Bridge was the longest bridge of its type west of the Mississippi River.

</doc>
<doc id="20856996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20856996" title="Center Street Bridge">
Center Street Bridge

The Center Street Bridge is an automobile bridge located in Salem, Oregon, United States. It spans the Willamette River, connecting West Salem and Oregon Route 22 to Salem. It carries vehicle traffic eastbound from Route 22 and directly from Wallace Road. The bridge was widened in 1983 to four lanes. Traffic exits onto Center Street directly, and onto Front Street via an off-ramp, which was built in 1977. Construction of the bridge started in 1917. The bridge was officially opened on July 30, 1918, to two-way vehicle traffic. It was later switched to eastbound-only when the westbound-only Marion Street Bridge opened in 1954. Center Street Bridge replaced the steel bridge that had been built in 1891, and was reconstructed after the completion of the Marion Street Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20857004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857004" title="Michael F. Whiting">
Michael F. Whiting

Michael F. Whiting is the director of the Brigham Young University (BYU) DNA Sequencing Center and an associate professor in BYU's Department of Integrative Biology. Whiting received his bachelors degree from BYU and his Ph.D. from Cornell University.
Whiting is an expert on the evolution of Diptera and other insects and was the author of the article on Strepsiptera in the "Encyclopedia of Insects". His research has mainly focused on using DNA sequencing to unlock the evolutionary history of insects.
Whiting has also written on why the critics of the Book of Mormon on DNA issues have overstated their case.
Whiting was also involved in the research that led to the discovery of how stick insects had lost their wings and then re-evolved them several million years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20857005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857005" title="Tom Stapleton">
Tom Stapleton

Tom Stapleton was an Irish sportsperson in the 1880s. A native of Littleton, County Tipperary, he played hurling with his local Thurles Blues club and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team that won the very first All-Ireland title in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20857007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857007" title="Out of Bounds (2003 film)">
Out of Bounds (2003 film)

Out of Bounds, also known as "Dead in the Water", is a 2003 British psychological thriller starring Sophia Myles and Sophie Ward. It is the directorial debut of Merlin Ward, who also wrote the screenplay.
Plot.
18-year-old Louise (Myles) is stuck in a run-down girls' boarding school and can't bear the thought of being away from her lover, art teacher Matthew, during the half term break. So she stays on at school, ostensibly to do extra work for her exams. But when Matthew's wife, Veronica (Ward), who is also the school's headmistress, finds out about the affair, she is driven over the edge and stabs him. Veronica gets rid of Louise by sending her off on an errand while she hides Matthew's body. When Louise returns, she is shocked to find Matthew gone. According to Veronica, she and Matthew need a little time apart to heal their marriage. Trapped in the remote school and haunted by nightmares, Louise finds the vast Victorian building a spooky shell without the other pupils. Late one night, she is awakened by Matthew calling up to her from outside her bedroom window. Scared and excited, Louise rushes to meet him, but it is only as his arms encircle her that she realises her eyes were deceived, with terrible consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="20857012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857012" title="Solitary mastocytoma">
Solitary mastocytoma

Solitary mastocytoma may be present at birth or may develop during the first weeks of life, originating as a brown macule that urticates on stroking.

</doc>
<doc id="20857014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857014" title="Wiltshire County Council election, 1997">
Wiltshire County Council election, 1997

Elections to Wiltshire County Council were held on 1 May 1997. The whole council was up for election and the result was no overall control, with the Conservatives as the largest party.
As with other county elections in England, these local elections in Wiltshire took place on the same day as the United Kingdom general election, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20857049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857049" title="Aleksandr Blinov (equestrian)">
Aleksandr Blinov (equestrian)

Aleksandr Ivanovich Blinov (born 19 August 1954) is a former Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in eventing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20857061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857061" title="Robert Dean (handballer)">
Robert Dean (handballer)

Robert Klein Dean (born June 10, 1955) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Milwaukee and is the twin brother of Randy Dean. He graduated from Northwestern University in 1976.
In 1976 he was part of the American team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored eleven goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20857066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857066" title="Axilspot hogfish">
Axilspot hogfish

The axilspot hogfish, "Bodianus axillaris", is a species of wrasse native to the Indo-Pacific. 
Etymology.
The genus name "Bodianus", after "Bodiano" or "Pudiano", derives from the Portuguese word "pudor", meaning modesty.
Description.
Adult fishes are about 20 cm long. Males are red-brown anteriorly, and white posteriorly. They have large, dark spots on their pectoral fin bases, soft dorsal fins, and anal fins. Juveniles and females are black with a few large, white patches.
This oviparous species mainly feeds on mollusks and crustaceans and other benthic hard-shell invertebrates. It is also an aquarium fish.
Distribution.
This species is mainly found in the Indo-Pacific, from Red Sea to South Africa, Marshall Islands, Marquesan and Tuamoto Islands, north to Japan.
Habitat.
"Bodianus axillaris" is a reef-associated species. It usually can be found in lagoons and seaward reefs, in caves or under ledges at depths between 2 and 100 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20857069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857069" title="Phellodon">
Phellodon

Phellodon is a genus of fungi in the family Bankeraceae. The genus contains 16 species found in Europe, North America, Australia and New Zealand. "Phellodon" was circumscribed by Finnish mycologist Petter Karsten in 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="20857070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857070" title="Arnie Beyeler">
Arnie Beyeler

Arnold H. Beyeler (born February 13, 1964) is the first-base coach and outfield instructor for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball. He was the manager of the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox of the International League, the Red Sox' top-level minor league affiliate, from 2011–2012. Beyeler previously had served for four seasons (2007–2010) as skipper of the Portland Sea Dogs of the Eastern League, the Red Sox' Double-A farm club. In his two years as manager of the Pawtucket Red Sox, Beyeler led the team to an International League North Division title in 2011 and its third Governors' Cup championship in 2012.
Six-year professional playing career.
Born in Moab, Utah, Beyeler graduated from Grand County High School in Moab, Lamar Community College, and Wichita State University, where he played varsity baseball and majored in communications. A second baseman and shortstop, he threw and batted right-handed, and stood tall and weighed . Beyeler played six seasons (1986–1991) of professional baseball in the Detroit Tigers farm system, compiling a batting average of .254 with 69 stolen bases in 584 games played, including 29 games with the Triple-A Toledo Mud Hens in 1991.
Scout, manager and coach.
After his retirement as an active player, Beyeler began his off-field career as a Florida-based area scout for the Tigers (1992–1996). He then spent three seasons, 1997–1999, in the New York Yankees organization as a batting and infield coach for the Double-A Norwich Navigators and the Triple-A Columbus Clippers. In he joined the Red Sox system for the first time as manager of the Lowell Spinners of the Short Season-A New York-Penn League (2000–2001) and the Augusta GreenJackets (2002) of the Class A South Atlantic League. When an ownership change in Boston resulted in a turnover of the player development department, Beyeler departed for the Texas Rangers organization, managing the Stockton Ports (2003–2004) and the Bakersfield Blaze (2005) of the Class A California League. He then spent the campaign as batting coach for the Mobile BayBears, the Double-A Southern League affiliate of the San Diego Padres, before his return to the Boston organization as Portland's manager in . 
Through 2012, in twelve years as a minor league manager, Beyeler has compiled a record of 802 wins and 756 losses (.515). He resides in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20857080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857080" title="Tom Carroll (hurler)">
Tom Carroll (hurler)

Tom Carroll was an Irish sportsperson in the 1880s. A native of Moyne, County Tipperary, he played hurling with his local Thurles Blues club and was a member of the Tipperary senior inter-county team that won the very first All-Ireland title in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20857081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857081" title="Adult type of generalized eruption of cutaneous mastocytosis">
Adult type of generalized eruption of cutaneous mastocytosis

Generalized eruption of cutaneous mastocytosis (adult type) is the most common pattern of mastocytosis presenting to the dermatologist, with the most common lesions being macules, papules, or nodules that are disseminated over most of the body but especially on the upper arms, legs, and trunk.

</doc>
<doc id="20857087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857087" title="Yuri Salnikov">
Yuri Salnikov

Yuri Salnikov (born 6 June 1950) is a former Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20857103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857103" title="Sarcodon">
Sarcodon

Sarcodon is a genus of fungi in the family Bankeraceae.
The Bankeraceae family are characterized by having spines rather than the usual gills with white spores.

</doc>
<doc id="20857114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857114" title="Valery Volkov">
Valery Volkov

Valery Volkov (born 26 July 1947) is a former Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion, He won a team gold medal in "eventing" at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20857116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857116" title="Diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis">
Diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis

Diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis has diffuse involvement in which the entire integument may be thickened and infiltrated with mast cells to produce a peculiar orange color, giving rise to the term "homme orange."

</doc>
<doc id="20857120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857120" title="Radu Lucian Sulica">
Radu Lucian Sulica

Radu Lucian Sulica is a Romanian-born American laryngologist and author. He currently serves as Associate Professor and Chief, Laryngology and Voice Disorders at the Weill Cornell Medical College in New York City. Sulica has published several books in the field, including "Vocal Fold Paralysis", the compendium on this dominant topic in laryngology. His recent review of a sub-category of vocal fold paralysis, the idiopathic cases, is now required reading by the MLL and several leading organizations in laryngology.
He is notable among contemporary practitioners of laryngology for his prolific writing and focus on the historical context of laryngology and its problems; for example, his paper "War, politics & the voice: The vocal fold paralysis of George Orwell".
Further contributions include his early adoption and promotion of Gray's mini-thyrotomy, his singular description of laryngeal thrush, and being a major proponent of the significance of vocal fold paresis in voice complaints.
His latest collaboration, with Ryan Branski, PhD of the New York University Voice Center is entitled "Classics in Voice and Laryngology". Branski and Sulica have compiled and edited fundamental articles in laryngology and contacted the original authors to get their updated comment and critique of their work.

</doc>
<doc id="20857132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857132" title="M. K. Čiurlionis National Art Museum">
M. K. Čiurlionis National Art Museum

The M. K. Čiurlionis National Art Museum is a group of museums based in Kaunas, Lithuania. It is primarily dedicated to exhibiting and publicizing the works of the painter and musician M.K. Čiurlionis (1875–1911).
The museum was founded in 1921, and opened a temporary gallery in 1925. It was renamed Vytautas the Great Museum of Culture in 1936, receiving its current name in 1944. An expansion took place in 1969.
In addition to Čiurlionis's works and memorabilia, the museum holds collections of Lithuanian folk art, fine and applied art works from the 17th through 20th centuries, ancient Egyptian art, and numismatic items. Its branches include the Mykolas Žilinskas Art Gallery, Kaunas Picture Gallery, Kaunas Historical Presidential Palace, Ceramics Museum, Devils' Museum, M. K. Čiurlionis Memorial Museum, Antanas Žmuidzinavičius Memorial Museum, Paulius Galaunė Family House, Liudas Truikys and Marijona Rakauskaite Museum, Juozas Zikaras Museum, and Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas Gallery.
The museum sponsors international exhibitions along with lectures, concerts, conferences, and special educational activities for children.
The museum shares its building with the Vytautas the Great War Museum and is located in the New Town of Kaunas. The oldest still functioning Žaliakalnis Funicular Railway is situated nearby. It climbs up from behind the M. K. Čiurlionis National Art Museum to the Church of the Resurrection.

</doc>
<doc id="20857135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857135" title="Erythrodermic mastocytosis">
Erythrodermic mastocytosis

Erythrodermic mastocytosis presents with generalized erythroderma, the skin has a leather-grain appearance, and urtication can be produced over the entire surface.

</doc>
<doc id="20857144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857144" title="Norman Clarke">
Norman Clarke

Norman Harry Clarke was the third Anglican Bishop of Plymouth from 1950 to 1962 and, simultaneously, the Archdeacon of Plymouth.
Clarke was born in Sheffield on 31 July 1892 and educated at Sheffield University. He was a Diocesan Inspector of Schools, then a residential canon at Southwark Cathedral and finally (before his ordination to the episcopate) Vicar of St Andrew’s Plymouth. He died on 18 February 1974,

</doc>
<doc id="20857149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857149" title="Andrew Buckley (field hockey)">
Andrew Buckley (field hockey)

Andrew Buckley (born July 2, 1973) is a retired field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a regular member of the men's national team, nicknamed "The Black Sticks", during the late 1990s and early 2000s. Buckley earned a total number of 76 caps during his career.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20857154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857154" title="Telangiectasia macularis eruptiva perstans">
Telangiectasia macularis eruptiva perstans

Telangiectasia macularis eruptiva perstans is persistent, pigmented, asymptomatic eruption of macules usually less than 0.5cm in diameter with a slightly reddish-brown tinge.

</doc>
<doc id="20857161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857161" title="Sergey Rogozhin">
Sergey Rogozhin

Sergey Nikolayevich Rogozhin (; 6 July 1956 – 1983) was a Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in eventing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20857163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857163" title="The Get Up Kids discography">
The Get Up Kids discography

The discography of The Get Up Kids, an American rock band that formed in 1995, consists of four studio albums, five singles, one live album and seven extended plays.
Shortly after forming in their hometown of Kansas City, Missouri, the band signed to Doghouse Records and released their first EP, "Woodson", along with their debut full-length studio album "Four Minute Mile" (1997). After the success of their first album, the band was picked up by then-underground label Vagrant Records, where they recorded "Red Letter Day", their second EP, followed by their sophomore album "Something to Write Home About". The album was a massive success, selling 134,000 copies in its first three years of release in the US. They supported the album for three years with tours and two singles; "Ten Minutes" and "Action & Action". In order to capitalize on the success of the album, Vagrant released "Eudora", a compilation of b-sides, covers and rarities in 2001.
In 2002, they released their third studio album "On a Wire". The album was a large departure from their previous sound, and was considered a commercial failure. In 2004, they released their fourth album "Guilt Show" to better critical reception. A year later, they released "Live! @ The Granada Theater", the band's first and only live album. Later that year, the band broke up after one final tour. However, in 2008 the band reunited, and announced a reunion tour for 2009 to coincide with a tenth-anniversary re-release of "Something to Write Home About".
Extended plays.
Split extended plays.
The Get Up Kids are widely considered to be one of the more prominent groups to take part in the second-wave Emo movement that took place in the mid-1990s. In their early years, they toured with such influential emo bands as Jimmy Eat World, The Promise Ring and Braid, later touring with such groups as Superchunk, The Anniversary and Hot Rod Circuit. During that time, they often collaborated with other groups, putting out Split EPs on 7" vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="20857196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857196" title="Carbonate Mountain">
Carbonate Mountain

Carbonate Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20857200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857200" title="The Electrifying Aretha Franklin">
The Electrifying Aretha Franklin

The Electrifying Aretha Franklin is the second studio album by "Aretha Franklin" for Columbia Records in 1962. The album which also known under its working title "The Incomparable Aretha Franklin", was recorded at Columbia Recording Studios 799, Seventh Avenue, New York. It was produced by John Hammond and arranged by Richard Wess.
Reception.
This reception was written on "New Stars" newspaper in 1961.
"The dimly lit, smoke-filled jazz club was taking on the aspect of a revival tent.
The slight, attractive girl at the piano was rasping out a fervent cry, much in the manner of a preacher exhorting his congregation. The audience - sophisticated city-dwellers all - was responding, picking up the leader's lusty calls and answering them with exciting, spontaneous antiphonal replies in the best call-and-response tradition of Negro songs. The young girl's propulsive, Gospel-tinged piano and the crowd's surgingly infectious handclapping further added to the emphatic church-music feeling.
The lissome preacher was Aretha Franklin, perhaps the most gripping and individual vocal stylist in some time."

</doc>
<doc id="20857212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857212" title="Culver Model V">
Culver Model V

__NOTOC__
The Culver Model V was a two-seat cabin monoplane designed and built by the Culver Aircraft Company.
Design and development.
Based on the pre-war Cadet and using the wartime experience with radio-controlled aircraft the company designed a two-seat cabin monoplane. The Model V has a low-set cantiliver wing with the out panels have a pronounced dihederal. It had a tricycle retractable landing gear and an enclosed cabin with side-by-side seating for two. It was unique in that it has a system called Simpli-Fly Control where the aircraft was automatically trimmed for take-off, landing and cruise, by turning a small metal wheel between the two seats and lining up two arrows with the mode of flying the aircraft is needed. Interconnecting controls then do the adjustment of the trim according to the arrow settings. Simpli-Fly was not popular with pilots. And only a limited production run of 350 Model Vs was achieved before the company went bankrupt.
In 1956 the Superior Aircraft Company bought the assest of Culver and put the Model V back into production as the Superior Satellite. The main difference was the use of a 95 hp Continental engine which increased the cruise speed to 130 mph (209 km/h). Only a prototype and five production aircraft were built.

</doc>
<doc id="20857234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857234" title="Gegenees">
Gegenees

The Gegenees ("gee-GEN-neh-ees") were a race of six-armed giants who inhabited the same island as the Doliones in the ancient Greek epic Argonautica.

</doc>
<doc id="20857260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857260" title="Extracutaneous mastocytoma">
Extracutaneous mastocytoma

Extracutaneous mastocytoma presents with benign appearing mast cells occurring in sites other than the skin or bone marrow.

</doc>
<doc id="20857269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857269" title="Hal Stowe">
Hal Stowe

Harold Rudolph (Hal) Stowe (born August 29, 1937 in Gastonia, North Carolina) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Stowe played for the New York Yankees in . In 1 career game, he had a 0-0 record with a 9.00 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Stowe was signed by the Los Angeles Dodgers as an amateur free agent in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20857272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857272" title="Erich Mückenberger">
Erich Mückenberger

Erich Mückenberger (1910 in Chemnitz – 1998 in Berlin) was a German socialist politician. He began his political career in the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He became a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) when the East German branches of SPD and the Communist Party of Germany merged after the Second World War. Mückenberger was one of the most high-ranking former Social Democrats in the German Democratic Republic and held several positions in the SED.
Early life and political activism.
Mückenberger spent his childhood in Chemnitz. He later worked there as a machine-fitter apprentice. In 1924 he joined the Social Democratic youth organization. In 1927 he became a SPD member. Mückenberger became an activist of its paramilitary wing, "Reichsbanner". After the National Socialist takeover, he engaged in underground resistance against the new regime. In 1935 he was arrested and sent to the Sachsenhausen concentration camp. He was released after several months. In 1938 he was again arrested and was put in jail for ten months. In 1942 he was drafted to the German military and sent to the frontline.
Political career in the GDR.
After returning home in 1945, Mückenberger again became active in the SPD. Through the merger of SPD and KPD in the Soviet Occupation Zone, Mückenberger became a SED member. He became First Secretary of the SED Party District Organization in Saxony in 1948. Mückenberger then served as First Secretary of the Thuringia Party District Organization of SED 1949–1952. As the Thuringia District was divided along the geographic reorganization of the German Democratic Republic, Mückenberger became First Secretary of the Erfurt Party District Organization (one of the districts created out of the Thuringia organization). He remained as the First Secretary of the Erfurt SED District until 1953.
Mückenberger became a candidate member of the politburo of SED in 1950. He was one of four former SPD members that were represented in the SED politburo. In July 1953 he was included in the Central Committee secretariat. He remained in the CC secretariat until January 1963. He became a full politburo member in July 1958. 
Mückenberger became First Secretary of the Frankfurt/Oder Party District Organization of SED in 1961. He stepped down in 1971 and was replaced by the then Second Secretary Hans-Joachim Hertwig. In the same year, he was appointed as the Chairman of the influential SED Central Control Commission, the party organ regulating party memberships. In 1978, he was elected chairman of the German-Soviet Friendship Society. In 1980, he was elected as the head of the SED parliamentary group in the "Volkskammer" (the national parliament of the GDR). Mückenberger remained in the SED politburo until November 1989.
Later life.
Mückenberger was expelled from the Socialist Unity Party of Germany/Party of Democratic Socialism on November 21, 1990. Following the German reunification, Mückenberger was put on trial for shootings at the Berlin Wall, a process that Mückenberger himself dubbed as 'victors' justice'. Mückenberger was allowed to withdraw from the trial in 1996, due to ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="20857292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857292" title="Man cave">
Man cave

A man cave, sometimes a manland, mantuary or manspace, is a male sanctuary, such as a specially equipped garage, spare bedroom, media room, den, or basement. It is not a cave but rather a metaphor describing a room inside the house, such as the basement or garage or attic or office, or outside the house such as a wood shed or tool room, where "guys can do as they please" without fear of upsetting any female sensibility about house decor or design. Paula Aymer of Tufts University calls it the "last bastion of masculinity".
While a wife may have substantial authority over a whole house in terms of design and decoration, she generally has no say about what gets "mounted on the walls" of a man's personal space. Since it may be accepted that a woman has input on the decoration of the rest of the house, a "man cave" or "man space" is in some sense a reaction to feminine domestic power.
Purpose.
Man caves have multiple purposes: they are a place to be alone, to be away from women and from female sensibilities, to indulge in hobbies, and to hang out with male friends. It is, loosely, a male-only space to retreat to watch sports matches, or play video games. According to psychiatrist and author Scott Haltzman, it is important for a man to have a place to call his own, referring to a male area to which to retreat. Some psychologists claim that a man cave can provide refuge from stressful surroundings and be beneficial to marriage. Rules are relaxed; it is a place where other people's sensibilities about standards of cleanliness are not necessarily observed; as one man said, "You spill a beer there or leave a hamburger overnight, who cares?"
In a sense, for married men, it is a way to recreate some of the space and freedom of their bachelor days since it was like a "pad" similar in feeling to a frat house game room or a college dorm room where people could come and go "as if they owned the place." It is where a man doesn't have to be on his best behavior, where no women are around, and where "no one is going to make you watch your p's and q's" and "no one is going to ask you to explain yourself". Writer and handyman Sam Martin explained:
Martin thinks that any space in the house will do, even a lounge chair and a set of headphones, provided there's an agreement with one's wife or girlfriend that the space is under the control of the man. The advantages of a self-contained room are that male-oriented design choices, such as "tacky lamps" and "beer-can sculptures", are out of sight of women, but in a way that doesn't disturb female sensibilities since visitors generally don't visit the man cave. It's like a firehouse lounge room, but in the home.
Design.
According to several sources, the general architectural and design trend is for men to take traditionally male-only spaces, and enhance them with improvements and masculine aesthetic choices. Man caves can be equipped with accessories such as refrigerators, vending machines, putting greens, kegerators, giant TVs, musical instruments including gear such as microphone stands and amplifiers, pool tables, boxing rings, and entertainment centers. A man cave may also be fitted out with a bar and sports memorabilia such as trophies. In the book "Where Men Hide" which "Publishers Weekly" described as an affable but only “sometimes thought provoking” guide, author James Twitchell and photographer Ken Ross explore areas where men like to be alone. According to Twitchell, some public male-only spaces, such as the barbershop, are declining, while other spaces are taking their places, and the author tries to show the attractions of the "grimy garage." The book suggests that "men make their own spaces for good or ill", according to "Publishers Weekly". Twitchell focused on communal "man cave" spaces such as male-only groups in megachurches, possibly a modern-day replacement for declining attendance at male-only clubs such as Masonic Lodges. Twitchell noted that some anthropologists have speculated that these spots are a place for men to bond before hunting or war, and where they can "smoke or fart" and tell the "same jokes over and over again."
One man redecorated the space to look like a replica model of the bridge of the Starship Enterprise from the TV show. Upscale sports-themed furnishings are also available to outfit a man cave. These rooms are also often decorated by the male, with little or no female influence. A big screen television is useful for watching sports games with buddies. Since it is an area set off from the rest of the house, it's possible to make noise, or yell at the television, without fear of reprisals from a wife, girlfriend or mother.
Garages have typically been a man space since they're often lit by "harsh fluorescent bulbs" and lack heat or air conditioning but nevertheless present a guy with an "opportunity to disappear for hours while never leaving the premises." There are some reports suggesting that some men are likely to "lavish time, money and attention on fixing this spot up". Places in houses which have been typically associated with male-oriented chores, such as garages, basements and tool sheds which haven't been "particularly welcoming spaces" when shared with storage items and garbage, are being fixed up to be more suitable as full-time living spaces, with more thought to design and planning.
One "man cave" of a Gillette corporation executive has a desk, "a chess board that's always set up, never used". But sometimes there are limits; his wife has not yet agreed to let him smoke cigars in it.
Popular culture.
In the book by Sam Martin entitled "Manspace: A Primal Guide to Marking Your Territory", the author suggested there were several spots from pop culture:
Movie References to Man Caves:

</doc>
<doc id="20857329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857329" title="No. 110 Squadron RAF">
No. 110 Squadron RAF

History.
Formation and World War I.
No. 110 Squadron RFC was formed on 1 November 1917, at Rendcomb, Gloucestershire and was equipped with B.E.2c aircraft. The squadron moved to Kenley the following year and re-equipped with the DH.9A – the first squadron to employ this aircraft. Its original complement of DH.9As were the gift of His Exalted Highness, the Nizam of Hyderabad. Each aircraft bore an inscription to that effect, and the unit became known as the 'Hyderabad' Squadron in the newly formed Royal Air Force. The squadron arrived in France in September 1918 and formed part of the Independent Air Force, engaged in the bombing offensive against Germany, and later disbanded on 27 August 1919.
Reformation and World War II.
The squadron reformed on 18 May 1937 at Waddington, equipped first with Hawker Hinds and then Bristol Blenheims. In 1937 No. 88 Squadron was reformed with personnel drawn from 110 Squadron. In 1939, 110 squadron was posted to Wattisham along with No. 107 Squadron. On 4 September 1939 Nos. 110 and 107 Squadron led the first RAF raid of the war against Wilhelmshaven. The squadron was mainly involved in anti-shipping strikes during the early part of the war, before being posted to India in March 1942. Later that year the squadron converted to the Vultee Vengeance which it operated until November 1944 when it re-equipped with the De Havilland Mosquito. The squadron disbanded at Labuan on 15 April 1946.
Post War on Dakotas and Valettas.
The squadron reformed again on 1 June 1946 at Kai Tak via the renumbering of No. 96 Squadron, and was equipped with Douglas Dakotas. In 1948, the squadron took part in Operation Firedog during the Malayan emergency. In October 1951, the squadron converted to the Vickers Valetta which it operated until disbanding on 31 December 1957.
On helicopters.
On 3 June 1959, 110 Squadron was reformed at Kuala Lumpur from the merger of No. 155 Squadron and No. 194 Squadron, initially equipped with the Westland Whirlwind HC.4. These were in April 1960 supplemented by the Bristol Sycamore HR.14 with the Whirlwinds being replaced by the much more capable Gnome engined Whirlwind HAR.10s in July 1963, the Sycamores being finally retired in October 1964. From 1963 the squadron also operated in Brunei and Borneo until November 1967 during the Indonesian crisis. It then continued its normal duties in Malaya, until the Far East Air Force was run-down. The squadron disbanded on 15 February 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20857332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857332" title="Solitary neurofibroma">
Solitary neurofibroma

A solitary neurofibroma (also known as a "Solitary nerve sheath tumor," and "Sporadic neurofibroma") may be 2 to 20mm in diameter, is soft, flaccid, and pinkish-white, and frequently this soft small tumor can be invaginated, as if through a ring in the skin by pressure with the finger, a maneuver called "button-holing."

</doc>
<doc id="20857341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857341" title="Andy Eddy">
Andy Eddy

Andy Eddy is an American video game journalist and critic. He resides in Redwood City, California.
Biography.
Eddy was the executive editor (and de facto editor-in-chief) of "VideoGames & Computer Entertainment" in the late 1980s and early 1990s, followed by tenure as a senior editor at "GamePro" magazine. He has freelanced for several publications in his 20-year career and wrote “Biz Buzz,” a column about the video game business for GameSpy, from 2002 to 2004, including a somewhat controversial analysis of questionable circulation data and audit methods for Game Informer magazine. He has served as from Senior Editorial Manager of Community Sites at IGN Entertainment in Brisbane, California and ended his run as Editor in Chief at TeamXbox in March 2010.
Sometime in the early 1990s, Eddy and his family made an appearance on "The People’s Court". They were suing Dr. Dennis Hayes for $5,000 because they claimed that Dr. Hayes did not insert instructions in seasick patch prescriptions which warn against use by children under the age of 12. Because of this, his then 8-year-old daughter Meghan suffered hallucinations on their Christmas cruise. In the end, they received $3,025.
Eddy is also the author of several books, including "Internet After Hours" and several TurboGrafx-16 code books. Eddy also created new content for an updated edition of David Sheff’s book "" in 1999. The retitled "Game Over: Press Start to Continue" includes new interviews and updated company history, written by Eddy.
Eddy is also notable for setting up one of the first online archive dedicated to gaming. His personal FTP site at Netcom was among the first internet archives for gaming FAQs and information in 1994. A mirror of Eddy’s site would later develop into the popular website GameFAQs.
Eddy is the Editor in Chief of "@Gamer Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="20857348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857348" title="Luis Rebolledo de Palafox y Melci, 1st marqués de Lazán">
Luis Rebolledo de Palafox y Melci, 1st marqués de Lazán

Luis Rebolledo de Palafox y Melci, 1st marqués de Lazán (June 2, 1772, Zaragoza – December 28, 1843, Madrid) was an Aragonese officer and general during the Spanish War of Independence. Alongside his brother José de Palafox, the "Duke of Saragossa", Lazán was a national hero in 19th century Spain for his defence of Saragossa from the French Imperial armies in 1808 and 1809.
Lazán was born to Juan Felipe Rebolledo de Palafox and doña Paula Melci de Eril and educated at the "Escuelas Pías" in Zaragoza. In 1809 he commanded an army in the campaign for Catalonia, winning a notable success at Castellón. Upon the restoration of Ferdinand VII to the Spanish Crown in 1814 (Treaty of Valençay), Lazán aligned himself with the reactionary party defending Ferdinand's absolute monarchy and opposing the liberal Constitution of 1812. From 1815 to 1820 Lazán served as Captain General of Aragon.

</doc>
<doc id="20857354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857354" title="Elmer Bliss">
Elmer Bliss

Elmer Ward Bliss (March 9, 1875 – March 18, 1962) was a Major League Baseball pitcher and outfielder. Bliss played for the New York Highlanders in and . In 1903, Bliss, as a pitcher, played in 1 game and got the win, going 7 innings with one run allowed. Then in 1904, Bliss apperead in a game for the Highlanders as an outfielder. He went 0-1 in the game. He batted left and threw left-handed.

</doc>
<doc id="20857369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857369" title="Neuroma cutis">
Neuroma cutis

Neuroma cutis is a relatively rare type of neuroma, or tumor involving nervous tissue, in the skin. There are three types of true neuromas of the skin and mucous membranes known to exist: traumatic neuromas, multiple mucosal neuromas, and solitary palisaded encapsulated neuromas.

</doc>
<doc id="20857381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857381" title="Continental O-470">
Continental O-470

The Continental O-470 engine is a family of carbureted six-cylinder, horizontally opposed, air-cooled aircraft engines that was developed especially for use in light aircraft by Continental Motors. The family includes the E165, E185 and the E225 engines. It has been in production since 1950.
The IO-470 is a fuel-injected version of the same basic engine.
Design and development.
The first engine in this series was the E165, a 471 cubic inch (7.7 L) engine producing , and was the first of the Continental's "E" series engines. Later versions were given the company designation of E185 ( continuous) and E225 (). When the US military gave them all the designation of O-470 the company adopted the designation and future models were known as Continental O-470s.
The O-470 family of engines covers a range from to . The engines were first developed in the late 1940s and certification was applied for on 23 October 1950 on the regulatory basis of Part 13 of the US Civil Air Regulations effective 1 August 1949 as amended by 13-1. The first O-470 model was certified on 19 January 1951.
Specifications (O-470-11).
Reference: "Type Certificate Data Sheet E-269"

</doc>
<doc id="20857393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857393" title="Johann Steinhauer">
Johann Steinhauer

Johann Steinhauer (; 19 January 1705) was a Latvian entrepreneur, social reformer and landowner, who made significant contributions to the Latvian civil rights throughout the 18th century.
Family.
Johann Steinhauer was the son of Matthis Steinhauer, a runaway Latvian serf turned into a merchant who transported cargo for the Swedes during the Swedish rule of Riga. He was born about 1680 and emigrated to Riga from Courland on the turn of the century. In 1704 he married Johann's mother Margareta Schugge, a Riga Latvian. "Matthis possessed and exceptional talent for judging the quality of timber and built an international reputation as an assessor of ship's masts".
Between 1703 and 1710 Matthis and mast selector Brinkkis was were hired by the Tzar Peter I of Russia to select the wood for the construction of the newly founded city of Saint Petersburg, receiving the title of Royal Mast Selector. He engaged the Unitas Fratrum or Moravian Brethren, becoming one of their most prominent members in Riga, and this would have far lasting consequences in the destinies of his descendants. He had 10 known children all born in St John's parish in Riga.
Economic Success.
Johann Steinhauer became Mast Inspector like his father and accomplished a considerable fortune in a short time. He traded timber and he was known for the quality of his products. He founded sawmill at Hermelingshof (Hermalina) and the first paper factory in Riga. He owned estates, manors, and land in Riga and the rest of Latvia becoming the wealthiest man in Riga in the 17th Century.
Manors and Estates that belonged to Johann Steinhauer and his Family:
Moravian Society.
Fascinated by the Brethren's democratic ideals, Matthis Steinhauer became one of its earliest members of the pietist Moravian Church. He became the leader of the Moravian Society in Riga and his home,their meeting place. After his father's death Johann took his place in Riga's Moravian Society, and when the Herrnhuters were outlawed he continued to support the church and its missionary effort in secret. One of his Manors, Sassenhof, became the center for the underground Moravian Church in Riga. In 1754 he bought in Wachovia (Winston-Salem), North Carolina in support of the Moravian Church efforts to create a Moravian Colony there. This land was later sold to the Moravian Church and colonists who emigrated there. Throughout his live he promoted religious understanding and freedom in Riga.
Johann Steinhauer versus the Great Guild and the Magistrature of Riga.
"The case of Steinhauer versus the Great Guild and the Magistrature of Riga was a significant event in the history of race relations in Riga". With time the Steinhauers were able to amass a considerable fortune and own property throughout Riga. However all transactions had to be owned under somebody else's name, because, according to the Statute, only members of the Great Guild had the right to trade and to own property, and membership was refused to them because they were Latvian and of serf origin. In 1747 the Steinhauers brought the case before Riga's Senate but in 1753 it issued its verdict against the appellants. After the Senate's Decision, new restrictions against the Latvians were enacted. The Steinhauers brought their case before the Governor General of Livonia, prince Dolgoruky, who supported them, and eventually the Grand Duke Peter, heir to the Russian Throne, named Johann's brother Daniel commissar of commerce to Schleswig-Holstein, saving their property from confiscation. In 1757 Tobias Georg Efflein, a German accountant and Daniel's son in law, applied for membership at the Great Guild and was refused on the grounds that he had given no proofs of his standing as a bookkeeper, and that his wife was a Latvian. In 1757 the Senate's previous ruling was dismissed, under the auspices of Katherina the Great, and ordered the Guild to accept his membership. The senate ruling had far reaching consequences for it established the right of any worthy inhabitant of Riga, regardless of national origin, to trade and own property in Riga.
Legacy.
Johann Steinhauer's entrepreneurial successes, his efforts to bring about the right of ownership and freedom of worship on behalf of the native Latvians and serfs had far reaching consequences. At the time of his birth native Latvians and serfs were a stagnant social caste with little opportunity for social movement, the ruling of Riga's Senate opened new opportunities for future generations of inhabitants of Riga. Partly because of his support of the Moravian Church, it eventually became an accepted and popular religious movement among Latvians, having at one point 50,000 converts in three years.
Among his many descendants are: Rev. Johann Steinhauer III, Moravian Minister and Teacher, Principal of the Fulneck Moravian School in England, who established the Boarding School for young ladies at Gracehill in Ireland; Henry Steinhauer, the first Paleobotanist in the Americas and Principal of the Moravian Ladies Seminary of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and married to the daughter of John Gambold, the first Moravian Bishop of the British Isles; Botanist and early Ohio plant collector Daniel Steinhauer; Barbara Steinhauer married to Sarepta's (now Volgograd, Russia) Doctor in Medicine Joachim Wier and Johanna Magdalena Riegelmann married to the jurist and administrator of the Hennersdorf Castle in Saxonia; Karl Eduard von Napierski Dr. Philosophie, researcher, author and publisher of Latvian historical and biographical books: Index corporis historico-diplomatici Livoniae, Esthoniae, Curoniae, Monumenta Livoniae antiquae volumes 1 and 2, Beiträge zur Geschichte der Kirchen und Prediger in Livland. 4 Volumes, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20857394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857394" title="Neurothekeoma">
Neurothekeoma

Neurothekeoma is a benign cutaneous tumor first described by Gallager and Helwig, who proposed the term in order to reflect the presumed origin of the lesion from nerve sheath. Microscopically, the lesions described closely resembled the tumor, “nerve sheath myxoma,” an entity first described by Harkin and Reed. The latter had, through the years, been variously described as “Bizarre cutaneous neurofibroma,” “Myxoma of nerve sheath,” and “Pacinian neurofibroma.”
Clinically, neurothekeomas present as a solitary nodule of the skin The most common sites of occurrence are the head and neck and the extremities. The lesions range in size from about 0.5 cm. to more than 3 cm. The average patient age is about 25 years, but neurothkeomas may occur at any age. Women are affected about more often; the male to female ratio is approximately 1:2. 
Microscopically, neurothekeoma consists of closely aggregated bundles or fascicles of spindle-shaped cells. The fascicles may or may not have a myxoid background.
Since the time of their first description, it has been reported that neurothekeomas are likely not of nerve sheath origin, as implied by the term. Consequently, neurothekeoma and nerve sheath myxoma are likely not related histogenetically, although they are similar in appearance and in behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="20857427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857427" title="Sikh holocaust of 1762">
Sikh holocaust of 1762

The Sikh holocaust of 1762 ( "Vaḍḍā Ghallūghārā" "the great massacre or holocaust") was the mass killing of the Sikhs by Afghani Durrani Forces that happened during the years of Afghan influence in the Punjab region owing to the repeated incursions of Ahmad Shah Durrani in 1764. As such, it is distinguished from the Sikh holocaust of 1746 ("the lesser massacre or holocaust"). An estimated 25,000-30,000 Sikhs died in this massacre, up to one-third or half of the Sikh population at the time.
The Sikh holocausts were not pogroms in the sense of the killing of masses of defenseless people. Since the martyrdom of the fifth Sikh Guru, Guru Arjan Dev in 1606, Sikhs wielded arms in self-defense. They are called "ghalughara" because of the wholesale slaughter of the innocent with the intention of genocide. The first holocaust was a dramatic and bloody massacre during the Afghan provincial government's campaign to wipe out the Sikhs, an offensive that had begun with the Mughals and lasted several decades.
Origins of Sikhism.
Sikhism began in the days of Guru Nanak (1469–1539) and grew to be a distinctive social force especially after the formation of the Order of Khalsa in 1699. The Khalsa was constantly opposed by the Mughal Empire. Through much of the early eighteenth century, the Khalsa were outlawed by the government and survived in the safety of remote forests, deserts, and swamplands of the Punjab region and neighboring Kashmir and Rajasthan.
Persecution of the Sikhs (1746-62).
In the eighteen years following the first great carnage, the Punjab roiled with five invasions and several years of rebellions and civil war. Under these unsettled circumstances, it was difficult for any authority to carry on a campaign of oppression against the Sikhs. Instead, they were often sought out and valued as useful allies in the various struggles for power.
In times of relative calm, however, the Governor at Lahore and his Afghan allies resumed their genocidal campaigns against the Sikhs. These were characterized by the desecration of Sikh places of worship and the organized capture, torture and execution of tens of thousands of Sikh men, women and children.
The Governorship of Mir Mannu.
Mir Mannu (shortened from Mu'in ul-Mulk) became Governor of Lahore and the surrounding provinces in 1748 through his exploits in battle against the Afghan army. His first act as governor was to storm the Sikh fort at Amritsar, where 500 Sikhs had taken shelter. Mir Mannu then stationed detachments of troops in all parts of Punjab with any Sikh inhabitants with orders to capture them and shave their heads and beards. His oppression was such that large numbers of Sikhs moved to relatively inaccessible mountains and forests. The governor ordered the hill rajas to apprehend Sikhs and send them in irons to Lahore. Hundreds were thus taken to Lahore and executed in the horse market before crowds of onlookers.
 Partly through the influence of his Hindu minister, Kaura Mall, who was sympathetic to the Sikhs, and partly because of the threat of another Afghan invasion, Mir Mannu made peace with the Sikhs the next year. This truce was to last until the passing of Kaura Mall in battle against the Afghans in 1752 and the surrender of Lahore to invader Ahmad Shah Durrani.
In his new role as Governor for the Afghans, Mir Mannu was able to resume his persecution of the Sikhs. Moreover, he had arranged for new artillery to be forged and a unit of 900 men assigned especially to the hunting down of the “infidels”. In the words of an eye witness: “Muin appointed most of the gunmen to the task of chastising the Sikhs. They ran after these wretches up to a day and slew them wherever they stood up to oppose them. Anybody who brought a Sikh head received a reward of ten rupees per head.” 
According to that same account: “The Sikhs who were captured alive were sent to hell by being beaten with wooden mallets. At times, Adina Beg Khan sent 40-50 Sikh captives from the Doab. They were as a rule killed with the strokes of wooden hammers.” 
Mir Mannu did not refrain from visiting torture and death upon the Sikh womenfolk and children. According to a Sikh account, the women were seized from their homes and “put to grind grain in the prison. Many were given merciless lashing... Each of the detainees was given 450 kilos (half a ton) of grain to grind in a day. Exhausted from thirst and hunger, they plied their stone-mills. They plied their stone-mills and sang their Guru's hymns. The Hindu or the Muslim, or in fact anyone who saw them and listened to their songs was utterly astonished. As their children, hungry and thirsty, wailed and writhed on the ground for a morsel, the helpless prisoners in the clutches of the tyrants could do little except solace them with their affection. Wearied from crying, the hungry children would at last go to sleep.” 
History recalls instances of Sikh children being hacked to pieces in front of their mothers. The bits of flesh would be thrown around the mothers' necks like garlands. Still the brave women chanted and toiled on.
Mir Mannu's cruel reign (1748–53), however, had little effect on the spirit of the Sikhs. From their suffering and sacrifice, they gained in strength and numbers. A common saying of that time went: “Mannu is our sickle, We the fodder for him to mow. The more he cuts, the more we grow.” 
The Martyrdom of Baba Deep Singh.
In 1757, Ahmad Shah Durrani invaded India for loot and plunder a fourth time. This time, he was so harassed by Sikh fighters who several times slew his guards and pillaged his baggage train that he determined to take his revenge on them. Since Durrani could not lay his hands on the elusive bands of Sikhs, he determined to vent his fury on their holy city of Amritsar. The Harimandir Sahib was blown up and the surrounding pool filled with the entrails of slaughtered cows.
Hearing of the sacrilege, Baba Deep Singh, an elderly scholar of the Sikhs living at Damdama Sahib, south of Amritsar, was stirred to action. As leader of one of the Sikh divisions entrusted with care of the temple, he felt responsible for the damage that had been done to it and announced his intention of rebuilding the Harmandir Sahib. He then set out with a body of Sikhs toward the holy city. Along the way, many others joined, so there were about 5,000 as they reached the outskirts of Amritsar. In the nearby town of Tarntaran, they prepared themselves for martyrdom by sprinkling saffron on each other's turbans.
When word reached Lahore that a large body of Sikhs had arrived near Amritsar, a general mobilization was ordered. Two large forces were sent. Approaching Amritsar, Baba Deep Singh and his companions encountered them and a fierce battle ensued.
Wielding his double-edged sword, the sixty-nine-year-old Sikh sustained many wounds. According to tradition, his head was nearly severed. Baba Deep Singh still pressed on in his determination to reach the holy shrine, until he made the precincts of the Harmandir and expired. A legend grew that it was Baba Deep Singh's headless body holding his head on his left hand and wielding his great sword in his right that had fought on until he redeemed his pledge to reach the holy temple.
The Holocaust of 1762.
When Ahmad Shah Durrani returned for a sixth campaign of conquest (his fifth being in 1759-61), Sikh fighters were investing the town of Jandiala, east of Amritsar. The place was the home of Aqil, the head of the Nirinjania sect, a friend of the Afghans, and an inveterate foe of the Sikhs.
Aqil sent messengers to Durrani pleading for his help against the Sikhs. The Afghan forces hurried to Jandiala, but by the time they arrived the siege had been lifted and the besiegers were gone.
The Sikh fighters had retreated with a view to taking their families to the safety of the Hariyana desert to the east before returning to confront the invader. When the Afghan leader came to know of the whereabouts of the Sikhs, he sent word ahead to his allies in Malerkotla and Sirhind to stop their advance. Durrani then set about on a rapid march, covering the distance of , including two river crossings, in less than forty-eight hours.
In the twilight of dawn, Durrani and his allies surprised the Sikhs, who numbered about 50,000, most of them noncombatants. It was decided that the Sikh fighters would form a cordon around the slow-moving baggage train consisting of women, children and old men. They would then make their way to the desert in the south-west by the town of Barnala, where they expected their ally Alha Singh of Patiala to come to their rescue.
An eye witness account describes the Sikhs. “Fighting while moving and moving while fighting, they kept the baggage train marching, covering it as a hen covers its chicks under its wings.” More than once, the troops of the invader broke the cordon and mercilessly butchered the women, children and elderly inside, but each time the Sikh warriors regrouped and managed to push back the attackers.
By early afternoon, the large fighting cavalcade reached a big pond, the first they had come across since morning. Suddenly the bloodletting ceased as the two forces, man and beast, resorted to the water to quench their thirst and relax their tired limbs.
From that point on, the two forces went their separate ways. The Afghan forces, who had inflicted terrible human losses on the Sikh nation, and had in turn suffered many killed and wounded, were exhausted, having not had any rest in two days. While the living remainder of the Sikhs proceeded into the semi-desert toward Barnala, Ahmad Shah Durrani's army returned to the capital of Lahore with hundreds of Sikhs in chains. From the capital, Durrani returned to Amritsar and blew up the Harimandir Sahib which since 1757 the Sikhs had rebuilt. As an act of intended sacrilege, the pool around it was filled with cow carcasses.
It was estimated that 25,000 to 30,000 Sikhs were killed on that horrific day of 5 February 1762. As it is doubtful their entire population would have numbered 100,000, it means one third to a half of all Sikhs perished. The Sikhs were not the only people who were targeted; the Mughals also captured Hindus, especially intellectuals and those who sheltered the Sikhs.

</doc>
<doc id="20857429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857429" title="Keith Stewart Thomson">
Keith Stewart Thomson

Keith Stewart Thomson (B.SC. Birmingham, AM, PH.D. Harvard) is currently a senior research fellow of the American Philosophical Society and an emeritus professor of natural history at the University of Oxford. He was appointed director of the Oxford University Museum of Natural History in July 1998. In 1987 he was appointed president of the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia. He had earlier been a dean at Yale University and director of Yale's Peabody Museum of Natural History.
He is the author of several books and essays that deal with paleontology, the history of science and evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20857434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857434" title="Hebe Society">
Hebe Society

The Hebe Society promotes the cultivation and conservation of hebes and other New Zealand native plants.
It was formed in 1985 by a group of enthusiastic gardeners and nurserymen, under the auspices of the Royal Horticultural Society. The role of the Society is to stimulate an interest in hebes and other New Zealand native plants. The Hebe Society is a non-profit organisation.
Most members are in the British Isles, but some are in Europe, North America and New Zealand. The Hebe Society provides members with information about familiar and less well known hebes and other New Zealand native plants, how to grow them and where they may be obtained. The Society aims to ensure that all garden worthy hebes and New Zealand plants remain in cultivation and have the widest distribution.
Publications.
The Hebe Society produces a magazine, "Hebe News", four times a year. It is illustrated in colour with contributions from UK and international plant enthusiasts, and contains articles on hebes and New Zealand native plants and gardens.
Cuttings Exchange and Seed Distribution.
Cuttings or seeds are swapped via the quarterly magazine "Hebe News". Many less well-known, but worthwhile, plants can be received. This is a good way for members to increase their collection of hebes and New Zealand native plants.
Shows.
The society exhibits at 4 major shows throughout the UK to stimulate interest in hebes and other New Zealand native plants. The shows are: HPS (Kent Group), Arley Garden Festival (Cheshire), Great Gardening Show (Surrey), and Llangollen Gardening Show (north Wales).
Picture Library.
An extensive library of slides and digital images covering a wide range of hebes and New Zealand native plants is available to members on loan.
Collections.
Collections of hebes are held by members in Guernsey, North Yorkshire, and The Quinta Arboretum, Swettenham, Cheshire.
It is British Registered Charity No 801398 and is affiliated to the Royal Horticultural Society, New Zealand Alpine Garden Society and the Tatton Garden Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20857435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857435" title="Ann-Kathrin Linsenhoff">
Ann-Kathrin Linsenhoff

Ann-Kathrin Linsenhoff (born 1 August 1960 in Düsseldorf) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Biography.
Linsenhoff is daughter of equestrian and Olympic champion Liselott Linsenhoff. She was appointed UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20857443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857443" title="Henry Kaplan (doctor)">
Henry Kaplan (doctor)

Henry Seymour Kaplan MD (born in Chicago on April 24, 1918, died in San Francisco on February 4, 1984) was a radiologist who pioneered in radiation therapy and radiobiology.
Together with Edward Ginzton, he invented the first medical linear accelerator in the Western hemisphere while he worked at the Stanford University Medical Center of Stanford University. The six million volt machine was first used in 1955, six months after another model was first used in England.
The first patient treated by Dr. Kaplan was Gordon Isaacs, who suffered from retinoblastoma of his right eye, and the disease threatened his left eye. The patient survived into adulthood with normal vision in his left eye. His main focus was on Hodgkin's disease, which was fatal before radiation therapy was used.
Kaplan earned his degree from Rush Medical College in Chicago, after which he trained at the University of Minnesota, Yale University and the National Cancer Institute. He once said he became interested in oncology after his father died of lung cancer, the same disease which killed Dr. Kaplan, a non-smoker.
In 1969, he became the first physician credited with the Atoms for Peace Prize. He was the first radiologist elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1972. In 1979, he received the Charles F. Kettering Prize from the General Motors Cancer Research Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20857465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857465" title="Nasal glioma">
Nasal glioma

Nasal glioma (also known more correctly as Nasal glial heterotopia, along with "Brain-like heterotopia," "Cephalic brain-like heterotopia," "Glial hamartoma," "Nasal cerebral heterotopia," "Heterotopic neuroglial tissue," and "Nasal heterotopic brain tissue") is a rare benign congenital lesion, usually a firm, incompressible, reddish-blue to purple lesion occurring on the nasal bridge or midline near the root.

</doc>
<doc id="20857474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857474" title="Arava Power Company">
Arava Power Company

Arava Power Company (APC) is a solar energy company founded in 2006 on Kibbutz Ketura in the Arava Valley. On June 5, 2011, APC inaugurated Israel’s first medium sized solar field, Ketura Sun. The field stretches over 80 dunams (8 hectares or 20 acres) of land and has an installed power of 4.95MW. As Arava Power is an environmentally conscious company, it installs solar fields only on land zoned solely for agricultural or industrial use.
In the Ketura Sun project, photovoltaic (PV) solar panel from Suntech company were used, in collaboration with Siemens Israel. Arava`s mission is to supply Israel with 10% of its energy needs through clean, renewable solar energy.
Arava Power Company President Yosef Abramowitz was chosen as one of CNN's Green Pioneers of 2012.
History.
Arava Power Company cites Israel’s first Prime Minister, David Ben Gurion, as an inspiring figure for the vision of the company. In 1956 Ben Gurion said: "The largest and most impressive source of energy in our world and the source of life for every plant and animal, yet a source so little used by mankind today is the sun... Solar energy will continue to flow toward us almost indefinitely."
In August 2008, Siemens Project Ventures invested $15 Million in the Arava Power Company. In a press release published that month, Peter Löscher, President and CEO of Siemens AG said: “This investment is another consequential step in further strengthening our green and sustainable technologies”. Siemens now holds a 40% stake in the company. 
On November 21, 2010, the Minister of National Infrastructure, Uzi Landau, signed a Power Purchase Agreement with Ketura Sun Company (owned by Arava Power Company) worth an estimated 250 Million NIS. The agreement is valid for twenty years and guarantees that the energy produced at Ketura Sun will be transferred to the Israel Electric Corporation’s power lines. It is the first PPA in Israel with a solar energy company.
In December 2010 Bank Hapoalim signed an agreement with Arava Power to extend a loan of 80 Million NIS to APC in order to fund the Ketura Sun project (valued at ~100 Million NIS).
On June 5, 2011, APC inaugurated Israel’s first solar field, Ketura Sun.
On May 22, 2012 Arava Power announced that it had reached financial close on an additional 58.5 MW for 8 projects to be built in the Arava and the Negev valued at 780 Million NIS or approximately $204 Million. APC President and Co-Founder Yosef Abramowitz stated, "Our work is not yet done. Israel needs to adopt the European Union goal of 20 % Renewables by 2020 and this major milestone by Arava Power is proof positive that it can be reached. Furthermore, an injustice must be corrected by creating a special quota of solar fields for Bedouin land owners, who are locked out of the current solar program."
Ketura Sun.
Ketura Sun is the first commercial medium size solar field in Israel, as well as the first solar field in the Middle East. The solar field is built inside the Kibbutz, which is situated in the Arava Valley, in the south of Israel about 45 minutes north of Eilat. This location has some of the highest levels of solar radiation in the world and at the same time enables a direct connection to Israel’s national grid. 
The solar field covers an area of 80 dunams (8 hectares or 20 acres) with its 18,500 Suntech photovoltaic solar panels. The total production is 9 Million kilowatt hours per year with an installation power of 4.95 MW.
Partnership with Bedouins.
The Arava Power Company has signed multiple agreements with Bedouin families in the Negev desert to build solar fields on approximately 92 acres of land, with a production capability of up to 20 megawatts. APC has been lobbying the Israeli government to create separate solar caps for Bedouins.
On February 7, 2012, Arava Power announced that it had received a license for the Tarabin Solar Field, the first solar field for the Bedouin community. Financing for the $30 Million Tarabin installation is to be provided by OPIC – the Overseas Private Investment Corporation of the United States Government. Arava Power President Yosef Abramowitz sees solar power for the Bedouin as a positive example for Native Americans, First Nations, Aboriginals and others with historic land claims.
Aside from enabling the Bedouin community to benefit from governmental incentives that promote renewable energy in the Arava and Negev, solar fields provide livelihood and employment. The Israel Electric Corporation is obligated by law to buy privately produced electricity at a predictable and fixed cost. It is believed that construction of solar sites will develop the region’s infrastructure.
In January 2011, Musa Abu Karinat, an Israeli Bedouin who signed an agreement with Arava Power, told Haaretz “Our village has proper electricity infrastructure, so we don’t need the plant for electricity for the village. Our goal is to build a solar farm on private land owned by a particular family, and to sell the energy it will produce to the national energy grid.”
Regulatory goals.
Before 2006, Israel had very few government regulations and statutes regarding solar energy. The company's regulatory goals include:
Social mission.
Arava Power Company is committed to corporate social responsibility. Within the Torah’s rules for "Tzedakah" (charitable giving) is the law of "Pe'ah". "Pe’ah" requires that the four corners of any field be left untouched by harvesters and saved for the poor to glean. Arava Power Company is giving "Pe’ah" a modern twist, dedicating the four corners of the Ketura Sun solar field to four different non-profit organizations that will benefit from the funds earned by each corner for the next 20 years.
The four organizations are: 
Arava Power’s commitment to the law of "Pe’ah" has been made permanent with the placement of a statue of Ruth created by Kibbutz Ketura artist, Gil Aruch, at the entrance to the field. The biblical story of Ruth is one of tolerance, social-religious acceptance and justice. The Royal Tribe of Judah accepts Ruth the Moabite, the convert who comes from a foreign culture and enemy land.
Solar creativity.
Arava Power Company has done a variety of creative projects to raise social awareness for solar energy in Israel.
Rapper Shyne recently released a new song entitled “Solar Energy”. The rap was written with Arava Power Company’s president, Yosef Abramowitz, in honor of the inauguration of Ketura Sun. Shyne premiered the song on June 5, 2011, at the Ketura Sun launch.
Arava Power partnered with Mayumana, an Israeli dance troupe, to create a promotional video for the Israel EcoCinema Festival. The video was used a second time as Arava Power Company’s video-invitation to launch of Ketura Sun in 2011.
In 2011, for Tu B'Av, the Jewish holiday of love, Arava Power, together with members of Kibbutz Ketura, produced a lipdub to the song "You Are the Sunshine of My Life" by Stevie Wonder. Filmed at the Ketura Sun Solar Field, the lipdub aims to discourage the current energy policy of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and to the tune "Power to the People" by the Beatles, dedicate itself to 2011 Israeli social justice protests.

</doc>
<doc id="20857479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857479" title="Praetaxila segecia">
Praetaxila segecia

Praetaxilia segecia, commonly known as the harlequin metalmark or Australian metalmark, is the only butterfly of the metalmark (or Riodinidae) family found in Australia, where restricted to northern Queensland. It is also found in New Guinea and on nearby smaller islands such as Aru.

</doc>
<doc id="20857493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857493" title="2006 Speedway World Cup Qualification">
2006 Speedway World Cup Qualification

The 2006 Speedway World Cup Qualification (SWC) was a two events of motorcycle speedway meetings used to determine the two national teams who qualify for the 2006 Speedway World Cup. According to the FIM rules the top six nations (Poland, Sweden, Denmark, Great Britain, Australia and Czech Republic) from the 2005 Speedway World Cup were automatically qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="20857497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857497" title="Hakeem Nicks">
Hakeem Nicks

Hakeem Amir Nicks (born January 14, 1988) is an American football wide receiver for the New York Giants of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Giants in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at North Carolina.
Early years.
Nicks was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. He attended Independence High School (Charlotte, North Carolina). Playing football there, he was rated as one of the Top 10 Players in North Carolina by SuperPrep and Rivals.com. He was also named the "Charlotte Observer" Offensive Player of the Year and was also selected to the North Carolina Associated Press All-State team. He never lost a game in high school, and completed his senior year with MVP honors at the 4-AA state championship game. In the game, he posted eight catches for 205 yards and two touchdowns (one for 11 and another for 80 yards). He posted 93 catches for 1,819 yards and 20 touchdowns in his senior year.
College career.
Freshman year.
During his freshman season, Nicks started all 11 games in which he played, missing one game due to an ankle sprain. Nicks led the team and set UNC single-season records for receptions and receiving yards by a freshman. Ranked third in the ACC in receiving yards per game and eighth in receptions per game.
Sophomore year.
Nicks improved dramatically in his sophomore season, setting a single-season school record with 74 catches for 958 receiving yards along with five touchdowns. His single-season receiving yards were the third most in school history. Nicks finished second in the ACC with 79.8 receiving yards per game and third with 6.17 catches per game. Has made at least one catch in 22 of 23 games played and caught at least two passes in each game his sophomore season.
Junior year.
Nicks was honored as a First-team All-ACC selection at wide receiver. By the completion of his Junior season, Nicks set 14 school records at UNC, including career receptions (181), career receiving yards (2,580) and career touchdowns (21). During his last season, Nicks tallied 68 catches for school records of 1,222 yards and 12 touchdowns. The 68 receptions tied for third most in a season in school history. Nicks led the ACC and ranked 12th nationally with 94.0 receiving yards per game. Nicks caught at least one pass in 26 straight games and had a catch in 35 of 36 career games. He set the UNC single-season receiving yardage record and became North Carolina's first 1,000-yard receiver.
Nicks ended his career at UNC in the 2008 Meineke Car Care Bowl where caught eight passes for a bowl record of 217 yards, with three going for touchdowns of 73, 66 and 25 yards, in a game against West Virginia. One of his other catches in that game was offered a candidate for the "Greatest Catch of the Year."
Four years after he had left North Carolina, Nicks was found guilty of academic fraud during the 2008 school year. His record setting season will remain in the media guide, but the school said they will place an asterisk by his records. Nicks was found to have received some jewelry and money during his years at Carolina.
College statistics summary.
Source: Hakeem Nicks - Career Statistics, "North Carolina Tar Heels", 2009
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Considered to be one of the top wide receivers available in the 2009 NFL Draft, Nicks drew comparisons to Hines Ward and Anquan Boldin. Butch Davis, Nicks' coach at North Carolina, went even further, comparing him to Hall of Famer Michael Irvin. The New York Giants, in need to replace wide-out Plaxico Burress, selected Nicks in the first round, 29th overall. Nicks was the 5th receiver taken in the draft, and one out of 6 taken in the first round alone. Nicks, along with Percy Harvin, is widely regarded as the most successful receiver taken in the 2009 draft thus far.
New York Giants.
On August 1, 2009, Nicks signed a five-year, $12.54 million contract. The deal includes a $6.5 million signing bonus. During training camp, Nicks tied for a starting position with the Giants other receivers, most notably Domenik Hixon and Steve Smith and Hakeem Nicks had the best overall average of all these wide receivers with a 16.0 average.
Nicks made his first career NFL reception on September 13, 2009 against the Washington Redskins on WR screen pass for 11 yards.
On October 4, 2009 against the Kansas City Chiefs, Nicks recorded his first touchdown reception on a 54 yard screen pass. For the next four games, Nicks would score a touchdown pass in each, becoming the first Giants rookie to score touchdowns in four consecutive games since Bob Gaiters, who scored in five straight games in . On the strength of that feat, Nicks was named the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Month.
Nicks ended the season starting in the #2 wide receiver spot opposite Steve Smith after an injury to Domenik Hixon in week 2 and outperforming Mario Manningham as of week 14.
Nicks recorded his first 3-touchdown game against the Carolina Panthers during week 1 of the 2010 NFL season, catching a total of 4 passes for 75 yards in a winning effort. During week five, when New York visited Houston, Nicks exploited the NFL's 29th ranked secondary and more specifically Texans rookie cornerback Kareem Jackson as he reeled in career highs with 12 catches for 130 yards. In addition, Nicks caught two touchdown passes on the day from quarterback Eli Manning. Nicks was inactive for the final game of the season in Washington due to a broken toe in his left foot.
"ESPN.com" analyst K. C. Joyner stated he believes Nicks has the potential to become the NFL's best wide receiver in part because of his superior route-running.
In 2011, Nicks had his second straight 1,000 + yard receiving season. He caught 76 passes for 1,192 yards (15.7 yards per catch average) and 7 touchdowns. 
The Giants moved on to the playoffs in the 2011 season where Hakeem Nicks played an essential role throughout the entire postseason. In the wild card round against the Atlanta Falcons, Nicks recorded 6 receptions for 115 yards and 2 touchdowns. The following week against the top seeded Green Bay Packers, Nicks hauled in 7 catches for 165 yards and 2 touchdowns, including a 37-yard Hail Mary reception at the end of the first half. In Super Bowl XLVI between the New York Giants and New England Patriots, Nicks was the leading receiver for the game with 10 receptions for 109 yards to help secure a New York Giants victory.
2013
In 2013, Nicks is having a solid season so far through the first 8 weeks of the season. Despite not having caught a touchdown pass so far, he is 2nd on the team behind Victor Cruz in receptions (34) and receiving yards (521). Nicks is leading in the team with yards per catch (15.7). In Week 3 against the Denver Broncos, Nicks appeared to have dislocated a finger on one of his hands thus adding more questions to his slump that he is in. 
Nearing the trade deadline on October 29th, there were speculations the New York Giants were going to deal Nicks. As the deadline passed, no deal could get done and Nicks remains a Giant until his contract expires at the conclusion of the season. 
Regular Season Statistics.
"Source:"
Playoff Statistics.
"Source:"
Personal life.
Nicks is the son of Robert Nicks, Jr. and Lisa Mason. He has two brothers, Anwar and Aleef. He has a daughter, Harmony.
Nicks is a Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="20857500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857500" title="Pin Up Girl (film)">
Pin Up Girl (film)

Pin Up Girl is a 1944 20th Century Fox Technicolor musical romantic comedy motion picture starring Betty Grable, John Harvey, Martha Raye, and Joe E. Brown.
Directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and produced by William LeBaron, the screenplay was adapted by Robert Ellis, Helen Logan and Earl Baldwin based on a short story titled "Imagine Us!" (1942) by Libbie Block.
"Pin Up Girl" capitalized on Grable's iconic pin-up status during World War II, even using her famous swimsuit photo in portions of the movie.
Plot.
Lorry Jones (Betty Grable) is working as a hostess at the local USO canteen in "Missoula, Missouri," where she performs as a singer and signs photographs of herself for adoring soldiers. 
It is her job to keep them happy and routinely accept every marriage proposal. One of her suitors, Marine Sergeant George Davis (Roger Clark), does not realize she has no real intention of marrying him.
Meanwhile, Lorry and her best friend, Kay Pritchett (Dorothea Kent), have accepted jobs as stenographers in Washington, D.C., but they tell the soldiers that they are going on a USO tour.
The night before leaving for Washington, D.C., they go out partying in New York City. Upon arriving in the city by train, they are welcomed by Navy hero Tommy Dooley (John Harvey), who fought at the Battle of Guadalcanal.
That night, they try to get into the Club Chartreuse, but are not allowed to go in without escorts. Lorry does not want to leave and tells the lie that she is meeting Tommy and his friend, Dud Miller (Dave Willock), in the club. She is not aware that Tommy is the best friend of Eddie Hall (Joe E. Brown), the club's owner. When Eddie is told that Lorry and Kay are escorts of Tommy, he lavishes them with champagne.
When Tommy and Dud arrive, Tommy thinks Eddie has set them up in blind dates with the girls. Dud believes the two women are actresses. Before Tommy can prove Dud wrong, Kay drunkenly tells them she and Lorry are in the Broadway musical "Remember Me".
Molly McKay (Martha Raye), star singer at the club, does not believe Kay, until Lorry, telling everyone her name is Laura Lorraine, performs a song without trouble. Lorry and Kay eventually spend their night dancing with Tommy and Dud and leave for Washington the next morning. The men lose the women's address by accident. Two weeks later, Lorry and Kay are insulted with not having heard from their beaus.
Meanwhile, Lorry is bored with her life as a stenographer, until Tommy and Dud surprisingly show up in Washington. Lorry is assigned as his stenographer, but does not want him to find out her real career. She decides to disguise herself, so he will not recognize her as Laura.
Lorry sets up a date between Tommy and "Laura." At their date, Tommy tells her he loves dating an actress. She is hurt and tells him she is going to give up her stage life. Tommy responds by offering her a job at Eddie's club. Molly is jealous when she finds out, but sees an opportunity to get rid of her when George comes to town and recognizes her as Lorry. She introduces George to Tommy, who is insulted when he hears the truth. When Lorry finds out what has happened, she tells George she has no intention of marrying him.
Laura then dresses as stenographer Lorry and visits Tommy to beg him to give "Laura" another chance. Things do not go her way, however, so she reveals that she is both Lorry and Laura. Tommy eventually forgives her.
Production and release.
In October 1942, Linda Darnell and Don Ameche were set to star. However, it was decided the movie would be made as a musical, thereby replacing Darnell by musical actress Betty Grable. She was seven months pregnant when the movie was completed.
When "Pin Up Girl" was released, it received mixed reviews from critics. "Variety" wrote: "This is one of those escapist filmusicals which makes no pretenses at ultra-realism, and if you get into the mood fast that it's something to occupy your attention for an hour and a half. It's all very pleasing and pleasant." "The New York Times" criticized the script, stating it was a "spiritless blob of a musical." However, it praised Grable.

</doc>
<doc id="20857508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857508" title="Speckled mosquitofish">
Speckled mosquitofish

The Speckled mosquitofish or the One-spot livebearer (Phalloceros caudimaculatus) is a species of fish native to central South America where it is found in Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. It has also been introduced to Malawi and New Zealand as escapees from the aquarium trade. It has been reported as having adverse ecological effects in areas where it has been introduced. The females of this species grow to a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="20857514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857514" title="Cutaneous meningioma">
Cutaneous meningioma

Cutaneous meningioma (also known as "Heterotopic meningeal tissue," and "Rudimentary meningocele") is a developmental defect, and results from the presence of meningocytes outside the calvarium.

</doc>
<doc id="20857526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857526" title="Sylhet Engineering College">
Sylhet Engineering College

Sylhet Engineering College (SEC) ( সিলেট প্রকৌশল কলেজ ), is a public engineering college, established in 2007 in Sylhet Bangladesh. Sylhet Engineering College is affiliated with Shahjalal University of Science and Technology.
Campus.
The Sylhet Engineering College campus is located at Tilagarh, approximately six kilometers away from the heart of Sylhet city centre. SEC has three large academic buildings, library and computer center building, admin building, the principal's quarter, teachers and staff quarters. There are two male students' hostels and a female students' hostel. 
Departments.
Each department offers 4 years B.Sc (Engineering) degree.
The website of Sylhet Engineering College is www.sec.ac.bd

</doc>
<doc id="20857540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857540" title="Curious George (book)">
Curious George (book)

Curious George is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey, and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1941. It is the first book in the Curious George series and tells the story of a monkey called George and his adventures with the Man with the Yellow Hat.
Background.
The idea for Curious George came from an earlier Rey work, "Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys". One of the characters in the story was Curious George. Margret and Rey then decided to create a book entirely focused on Curious George, which was an instant success. However, Margret Rey's name did not appear on early copies of "Curious George" because the publisher felt that children's literature was too dominated by women.
Plot.
The story opens with George, a little brown monkey, in the jungle. A man in a large yellow straw hat spots him through his binoculars and decides he would like to take the monkey home with him. He puts his hat on the ground and hides behind a tree. George, ever curious, comes down from the tree ""to look at the large yellow hat."" He puts the hat on but it is so large that he can't see and that gives the Man in the Yellow hat the opportunity to capture him and put him in a bag. The Man takes George to his cruise ship where he tells him that he is taking him to stay at the zoo in a big city and that he will like it there. He then gives George the run of the ship and tells him not to get into trouble. On deck, George sees some seagulls, tries to imitate their flying ability and falls overboard. Luckily, the crew notices that George is missing, and spot him in the Atlantic Ocean. They throw a lifesaver to him and pull him aboard,
When they get to America, George is taken to the Man's house, has a meal, smokes a pipe, then goes to bed. The next day, having watched the Man make a telephone call, George plays with the telephone and inadvertently calls the fire station. The firemen rush to the house, only to discover Curious George and no fire. They arrest him for the false alarm and put him in jail.
Curious George tries to climb through the window, but there are bars. Just then, the jailer comes in and climbs up on a wooden bed to get to George. The jailer is so heavy that the bed flips over and slams the man against the wall, creating enough diversion for George to run out the open door. He then climbs over the watchman in front of the jail, using the telephone wires. Out in the street, he spots a balloon vendor and tries to grab a balloon, but ends up grabbing the whole bunch and flying off into the air. He's carried by the breeze until it stops, leaving George on the top of a traffic signal. The Man finds him there, buys all the balloons from the street vendor and finally takes George to his new home at the zoo.
About the Authors.
"Main articles: Margret Rey and H. A. Rey"
Margret Elizabeth Rey (May 16, 1906 – December 21, 1996) and her husband Hans Augusto "H.A." Rey (September 16, 1898 – August 26, 1977) met each other in Brazil and then moved to Paris. After moving several places to escape the Nazis, they settled down in New York.
It was here that they wrote "Curious George" and seven other books about him including "Curious George Takes a Job", which won the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award in 1960. The Reys then moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts during 1963, in a house near Harvard Square, and lived there until Hans's death in 1977.
A children's bookstore named Curious George & Friends (formerly Curious George Goes to Wordsworth) was started in the 1990s by friends of the Reys, and operated in the Square until 2011. A new store opened in 2012 at the same address, called The World's Only Curious George Store - Harvard Square.

</doc>
<doc id="20857569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857569" title="Evacuation (The Bill)">
Evacuation (The Bill)

"Evacuation" is an episode of British TV series "The Bill", broadcast in 1988. The episode features one of the show's most early prominent events - the Sun Hill explosion of 1988. The episode was released on DVD as part of "The Bill - Volume 2" in 2009.
Synopsis.
PC Tony 'Yorkie' Smith is seen working at the front desk, confronted by a mass of civilians with a variety of complaints. He enters the waiting room to allow the next person in, and in doing so finds a single bag sitting below the counter. He alerts Duty Inspector Christine Frazer and Chief Inspector of Community Liaison Derek Conway, who has bomb disposal informed and the station cleared. Once bomb disposal officers arrive, Desk Sergeant Bob Cryer, and Chief Inspector Derek Conway reenter the building to ascertain if the building is safe. Moments before reaching the waiting room, the bomb detonates, blinding and setting alight the bomb disposal officer. No officers were hurt in the explosion.

</doc>
<doc id="20857581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857581" title="Coal-water slurry fuel">
Coal-water slurry fuel

Coal-water slurry fuel (CWSF or CWS or CWF) is a fuel which consists of fine coal particles suspended in water. Presence of water in CWS reduces harmful emissions into the atmosphere, makes the coal explosion-proof, makes use of coal equivalent to use of liquid fuel (e.g. heating oil), and gives other benefits (see below). 
CWS consists of 55-70% of fine dispersed coal particles and 30-45% of water. Coal particles suitable for diesel fuel replacement typically need to be less than 20 micrometres in diameter.
Uses.
CWS can be used in place of oil and gas in any size of heating and power station. CWS is suitable for existing gas, oil, and coal fired boilers. During the last 30 years the US Department Of Energy (DOE) has been researching the use of coal/water fuels in boilers, gas turbines and diesel engines. When used in low speed diesels CWF provides a thermal efficiency rating that rivals combined cycle gas turbines that burn natural gas as their primary fuel. It has been suggested that modified modular diesel engined electric power plants burning CWF are economically competitive with natural gas fired peaking electric plants in the 10 MWe to 100 MWe range of power supply.
Benefits.
The presence of water in CWS reduces harmful emissions into the atmosphere and makes the coal explosion-proof. By converting the coal into a liquid form, delivery and dispensing of the fuel can be simplified.
Because of the low cost of coal when compared to other energy sources, CWS is a competitive alternative to oil and natural gas. Depending on geographical area the price per unit energy of CWS may be 30% to 70% lower than the equivalent amount of oil or gas.
Low cost per BTU make CWS a cost effective fuel for heat and electric power generation.
One side benefit of the Coal Water Slurry production process is the separation of the non carbonaceous material that is part of the coal before treatment. This results in a reduction of ash content to as little as 2% for Coal Water Slurry fuel, which can make it a viable alternative to Diesel fuel #2 in large stationary engines or diesel electric locomotives.
History.
Toward the end of 1950s, the Soviet Union started the development of new ways to utilize coal sludge for power generation. Two major problems of sludge transportation and sludge combustion were solved during the series of experiments and research.
Ball mills pulverize and mix the coal sludge with water producing coal-water slurry (mix of liquids and hard particles). CWS produced by milling the sludge and/or regular coal near the coal mine near Belovo (Siberia, Russia) was transported through the pipeline to Novosibirsk (Siberia, Russia), a distance of 262 km. Three intermediate pump-stations were installed for pumping CWS to Novosibirskaya TEC-5 in Novosibirsk.
The unique difference of project Belovo-Novosibirsk uses CWS directly for combustion in steam boilers at a rate of 1340 t per hour. In other world projects CWS was used only for transportation which was followed then with drying of CWS before the combustion of the pulverized coal.
A project at Belovo-Novosibirsk was started in 1989 but delayed and finished in 1993 due to economic disruptions caused by the transition from the Soviet Union to Russia. A drop in oil and gas prices made the use of CWS coal combustion less economic.
Since 2004, Russia has continued the development and implementation of CWS technology for heating stations (for district heating) and power stations.
Technology.
Preparation of CWS.
CWS preparation consists of three major stages:
Standard crushers can be used for prior crushing of raw coal.
During the wet milling and homogenization stage, coal is milled and mixed with water and (if required) some additives. The Amalthea group of companies (Russia) has developed a highly efficient, low energy consumption, method of wet milling and homogenization that reduces energy expenditure for the production of each ton of CWS and avoids using additives to make the coal slurry stable.
Raw material for CWS preparation.
Coal of almost any type can be used as a raw material for CWS. This includes lignite (brown coal) flame and gas flame coals and anthracite. Coal waste slurries can also be used for preparing CWS.
Combustion of CWS.
CWF can be used in several different applications. In the largest particle form it is a viable substitute for heavy grade fuel oils used to produce steam in boilers such as Diesel #6, Bunker C and Bunker D residual oil fuels. Additionally when the particle size is 80 micrometres or less the CWF can be used as a cofuel or substitute fuel in diesel engines. Low speed marine or modular powerplant diesels can operate on pure CWF. Medium speed diesels such as locomotive engines sometimes need a co-injection of Diesel #2 which acts as an ignition source for the CWF. For gas turbine testing CWF particles five to ten micrometres in size have been used to demonstrate useful substitution for petroleum or natural gas in combined cycle gas turbine powerplant applications. The smaller the particle size, the more versatile the CWF is for application. However, the finer the particle size, the more difficult it is to manufacture.

</doc>
<doc id="20857596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857596" title="Neural fibrolipoma">
Neural fibrolipoma

Neural fibrolipoma is an overgrowth of fibro-fatty tissue along a nerve trunk that often leads to nerve compression.

</doc>
<doc id="20857627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857627" title="Chondroid lipoma">
Chondroid lipoma

Chondroid lipomas are deep-seated, firm, yellow tumors that characteristically occur on the legs of women.

</doc>
<doc id="20857640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857640" title="Spindle cell lipoma">
Spindle cell lipoma

Spindle cell lipoma is an asymptomatic, slow-growing subcutaneous tumor that has a predilection for the posterior back, neck, and shoulders of older men.

</doc>
<doc id="20857641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857641" title="Cris Cheek">
Cris Cheek

cris cheek (intentionally uncapitalized) is a poet, artist, interdisciplinary performer and professor at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. Born in London in 1950, he lived and worked in that capital until the early 1990s. One early influence was working alongside Bob Cobbing at the Poetry Society printshop in London and the Writers Forum group of poets who met with regularity on the premises in Earls Court. In 1981 he was a co-founder of Chisenhale Dance Space and for much of that decade he worked alongside musicians from the London Musicians Collective, choreographers and live artists to make interdisciplinary works. Between 1994-2005 he was based in the most easterly English town of Lowestoft, before emigrating to the United States. His musical collaborations include Slant (a trio with Philip Jeck and Sianed Jones). His radio program "Music of Madagascar" for the BBC won a Sony Gold Award in 1995. A large body of interdisciplinary performance writing was produced in collaboration with Kirsten Lavers under the author function Things Not Worth Keeping. He taught on the Performance Writing course (1995-2002) at Dartington College of Arts where he was a Research Fellow in interdisciplinary text (2000-2002). He was the Altman Humanities Fellow in 20011-12, co-presenting the Networks and Power symposium and a conference on Network Archaeology from which an issue of the journal Amodern, co-edited with Nicole Starosielski and Braxton Soderman, was published. He lives on the plateau of the southwest Ohio River Valley, with his son. He is director of the creative writing program at Miami University in Oxford and co-organizer of South (west) Ohio Poets.
Bibliography.
cheek's creative works include:
His works have been published in various magazines, literary miscellanies and anthologies, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20857655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857655" title="Pleomorphic lipoma">
Pleomorphic lipoma

Pleomorphic lipomas, like spindle-cell lipomas, occur for the most part on the backs and necks of elderly men, and are characterized by floret giant cells with overlapping nuclei.

</doc>
<doc id="20857658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857658" title="Herbert Krug">
Herbert Krug

Herbert Krug (21 June 1937 – 1 November 2010) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He was born in Mainz and died in Hochheim am Main.

</doc>
<doc id="20857673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857673" title="NAC Freelance">
NAC Freelance

The NAC-1 Freelance originally the BN-3 Nymph is a British four-seat touring monoplane.
Development.
Designed by Desmond Norman when with Britten-Norman the BN-3 Nymph was an all-metal high-wing braced monoplane powered by a 115hp Lycoming O-235 engine. It was designed to allow it to be assembled in under-developed countries which would build the aircraft under a technology transfer scheme. 
With the demise of the original Britten-Norman company, Norman took the design with him to his new company NDN Aircraft. NDN planned to build and sell the Nymph with a lengthened cabin as the NAC-1 Freelance. The Nymph was reworked as the prototype Freelance and first flew in that configuration on 29 September 1984. In 1985 NDN Aircraft was renamed the Norman Aircraft Company (NAC) and components and fuselage sections for six aircraft were built. Following the failure of the company to win a military order with the NDN Firecracker military trainer the company was closed down.
External links.
Photo of the sole Norman NAC-2 Freelance 180 

</doc>
<doc id="20857679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857679" title="Cheese crisp (disambiguation)">
Cheese crisp (disambiguation)

Cheese crisp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20857686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857686" title="Intradermal spindle cell lipoma">
Intradermal spindle cell lipoma

Intradermal spindle cell lipoma is distinct in that it most commonly affects women, and has a wide distribution, occurring with relatively equal frequency on the head and neck, trunk, and upper and lower extremities.

</doc>
<doc id="20857690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857690" title="Curious George Takes a Job">
Curious George Takes a Job

Curious George Takes a Job is a children's book written and illustrated by Margaret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1947. It is the second of the Curious George books and tells the story of George taking a job as a window washer.
Plot.
The book picks up where the first book ends. George is living in the zoo, but escapes. The next morning, he enters a restaurant and eats a pot of spaghetti. The cook makes him wash the dishes. He does a splendid job and the cook takes him to a friend who gives him a job as a window washer at a tall apartment building. George discovers a room being painted and gives it a jungle theme and the painters chase him and he breaks his leg falling from a fire escape. He recovers in the hospital for a week, and tampers with a bottle of ether and is overcome by the fumes. The man with the yellow hat and a nurse waken him with a cold shower. George's story is made into a movie and the book ends with George watching the film in a theater with his friends. 

</doc>
<doc id="20857692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857692" title="Madras Pioneers">
Madras Pioneers

The term Madras Pioneers related to bodies of Pioneers as well as Sappers and Miners which were part of the Madras Presidency Army.
The Madras Engineer Group were raised as two companies of pioneers in 1780 called the Madras Pioneers, which were expanded and titled 'Corps of Madras Pioneers' but later renamed the 'Corps of Madras Sappers and Miners' in 1831.
In addition, a separate Corps of Madras Pioneers was also in existence in the late 19th century and early 20th century which was disbanded in 1933, along with other pioneer battalions of the British Indian Army. The troops, equipment and regimental property of the disbanded pioneer battalions were absorbed into the Sappers and Miners of their respective presidencies; in the case of Madras Pioneers, with the Madras Sappers. Lt Gen SM Shrinagesh, was the senior-most Indian officer to be commissioned into the Madras Pioneers and due to this affiliation became the first Senior Colonel Commandant of the Corps of Engineers after independence.

</doc>
<doc id="20857716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857716" title="Uwe Sauer">
Uwe Sauer

Uwe Sauer (born 30 August 1943) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles with Montevideo.
Montevideo and Sauer competed in the 1983 European Championships, where they took an individual bronze and helped the West German team to back-to-back team golds in the 1983 and 1985 European Championships. The pair also competed at the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles, where they took a team gold and 6th individually. Other major accomplishments include a team gold and an individual silver at the 1984 German Championships and an individual silver at the 1985 German Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20857726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857726" title="Az-Zahir Ghazi">
Az-Zahir Ghazi

Az-Zahir Ghazi (or al-Malik az-Zahir Ghazi; 1172 – 8 October 1216) was a Kurdish governor and then ruler of Aleppo from 1186 to 1216. He was the third son of Saladin and his lands included northern Syria and a small part of Mesopotamia. 
In 1186, when az-Zahir was 15 years of age, his father appointed him governor of Aleppo, Mosul and supporting areas which had recently been taken from the Zengids. At the same time his two older brothers were appointed, respectively, as governor of Syria (al-Afdal) and Egypt (al-Aziz). The lands that az-Zahir received had been under the control of his uncle, Saladin's brother al-Adil, and al-Adil took an avuncular interest in az-Zahir. As the third son, when he inherited in 1193 he was to owe suzerainty to his eldest brother, al-Afdal, in Damascus. However, he failed to do so, and he conducted his affairs independently from his brothers.
In 1193, faced with the on-going revolt of Zengid 'Izz al-Din in Mosul, he called upon his uncle, al-Adil, to provided the forces to suppress the revolt, which was quickly quelled. In 1194 az-Zahir received Latakia as part of a settlement in which he recognized al-Afdal's authority. However by 1196 al-Afdal had proved himself incompentant as a ruler, and had lost the support of his uncle, al-Adil. Az-Zahir joined with his brother al-Aziz and uncle al-Adil in deposing and exiling al-Afdal. In October 1197, noting that Amalric of Lusignan had retaken the port at Beirut and that Bohemond III of Antioch was threatening the ports of Latakia and Jableh, az-Zahir destroyed the ports. Although Bohemond took the two locations, they were no longer advantageous, and he soon withdrew. At which point az-Zahir reoccupied them, and rebuilt the fortress at Latakia.
While ruler in Aleppo he kept many of his father's advisors. He appointed Baha ad-Din as a "qadi" ("judge") in Halab. He brought the unorthodox as-Suhrawardi to Halab, but was forced to imprison him in 1191 due to the demands of the orthodox "ulama" ("men of learning").
When al-Aziz died in Egypt in 1198 and was succeeded by his son al-Mansur, a boy of nine, al-Aziz's ministers, worried about the ambitions of al-Adil, summoned al-Afdal from exile to act as Regent of Egypt in the name of his young nephew. Early in the next year, while al-Adil was in the north suppressing an Artuqid rebellion, al-Afdal and az-Zahir came together in alliance and were joined by most of the other Ayyubid princes. Together they besieged Damascus, but as it held out for several months az-Zahir, as did other Ayyubid princes, lost interest and withdrew his troops. Al-Adil was not pleased and after conquering Egypt, he returned and reduced az-Zahir's territories to the area around Aleppo, forcing him to recognize overarching al-Adil suzerainty. During the last decade of his life he skirmished with crusaders and lent his army to support other Ayyubid princes. In 1206, King Leo of Cilicia defeated az-Zahir forces at the Battle of Amq, but was unable to secure any permanent advantage against Aleppo. In 1207, the French attacked and besieged Homs and its emir, an Ayyubid prince called Mujadid Shirkuh II, appealed to az-Zahir, whose troops lifted the siege.
Of particular importance was Az-Zahir's marriage in 1212 to Dayfa Khatun, the daughter of his old rival Al-Adil. This marked the end of the rivalry between the two branches of the family.
Prior to his death in 1216, Az-Zahir appointed his younger son al-Aziz Muhammad (b. 1213) to succeed him. 

</doc>
<doc id="20857735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857735" title="Frico">
Frico

A frico, known in America as a cheese crisp, is an Italian food, typical of Friuli, which consists of a wafer of shredded cheese with a bit of flour, baked or fried until crisp. The cheeses include Montasio, Parmesan or mozzarella. Frico is often used as garnish for soups or stews.
The dish is also known in the Slovenian Littoral, especially in the upper Soča Valley.
Fricos are not difficult to make and can be shaped into baskets or bowls which can make for a way of serving foods or salads that aren't too moist.
Another way to prepare frico consists in cooking diced potatoes in a large flat pan with little oil and onions, adding water now and then. When the potatoes are tender, Montasio or another 3 months old cheese is diced and added. The cheese will melt within the potatoes and the frico must be cooked and turned to obtain a crispy, golden surface on both side. Slice and serve it with polenta and red wine.

</doc>
<doc id="20857751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857751" title="Cutaneous myxoma">
Cutaneous myxoma

A cutaneous myxoma, AKA superficial angiomyxoma, consists of a multilobulated myxoid mass containing stellate and/or spindled fibroblasts with pools of mucin forming cleft-like spaces. There is often a proliferation of blood vessels and an inflammatory infiltrate. Staining is positive for vimentin, negative for cytokeratin and desmin, and variable for CD34, Factor VIIIa, SMA, MSA and S-100.
Clinically, it may present as solitary or multiple flesh-colored nodules on the face, trunk, or extremities. It may occur as part of the Carney complex, and is sometimes the first sign. Local recurrence is common.

</doc>
<doc id="20857765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857765" title="Jezzar Pasha Mosque">
Jezzar Pasha Mosque

The Jezzar Pasha Mosque (, "Masjid al-Jazzar"), also known as the White Mosque, is located on al-Jezzar Street inside the walls of the old city of Acre, overlooking the eastern Mediterranean Sea, and is named after the Ottoman Bosnian governor Ahmed Pasha al-Jazzar ("the Butcher").
History.
The mosque was the project of Acre's Ottoman governor in the late 18th century, Ahmed Pasha al-Jazzar ("the Butcher"), who was equally famous for his cruelty, impressive public works, and defeat of Napoleon at the Siege of Acre in 1799. Jezzar Pasha ordered the mosque's construction in 1781 and had it completed within the year; it was built over former Muslim and Christian prayer houses and other Crusader buildings. There is a "tughra" or monogram on a marble disc inside the gate, naming the ruling Sultan, his father and the legend "ever-victorious".
Adjacent to the mosque is a mausoleum and small graveyard containing the tombs of Jezzar Pasha and his successor, Suleiman Pasha, and their relatives.
Architecture.
The mosque is an excellent example of Ottoman architecture, which incorporated both Byzantine and Persian styles. Some of its fine features include the green dome and minaret, a green-domed "sabil" next to its steps (a kiosk, built by Abd al-Hamid II, for dispensing chilled drinking water and beverages) and a large courtyard. 
The mosque, that is dominating Acre's skyline, was originally named "Masjid al-Anwar" (the great mosque of lights) and also known as the white mosque because of its silvery-white dome that glittered at a great distance. The dome is now painted green. The minaret has a winding staircase of 124 steps.
It is the largest mosque in Israel outside of Jerusalem.
Shahr el Nabi.
The mosque houses the "Shahr el Nabi" (a lock of hair from the beard of Mohammed the Prophet). The Shahr el Nabi was paraded through Acre on Id al-Fitr, ending the fast of Ramadan, it is now only shown to the congregation.

</doc>
<doc id="20857767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857767" title="2006 Speedway World Cup Event 1">
2006 Speedway World Cup Event 1

The 2006 Speedway World Cup Event 1 was the first race of the 2006 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 16, 2006 in the Rybnik Municipal Stadium in Rybnik, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20857772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857772" title="Hotel Galvez">
Hotel Galvez

The Hotel Galvez is a historic hotel located in Galveston, Texas, United States that opened in 1911. The building was named the Galvez, honoring Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid, Count of Gálvez, for whom the city was named. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 4, 1979. 
Hotel Galvez & Spa, A Wyndham Grand Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. 
History.
Galveston civic leaders planned on building the "Galvez Hotel" in 1898 after a fire destroyed another large hotel (the Beach Hotel) on Galveston Island. After the Hurricane of 1900, the plans accelerated in order to draw tourists back to the island. The hotel was designed by Mauran, Russell & Crowell of St. Louis, Missouri using a combination of Mission Revival and Spanish Revival styles. The hotel opened in June 1911 at a cost of $1 million.
On October 3, 1940, the Galvez Hotel was acquired by William Lewis Moody, Jr. During World War II, the hotel was occupied by the United States Coast Guard for two years and rooms were not rented to tourists. The Galvez's importance to the local economy was restored after the war, particularly during the late 1940s and early 1950s when gambling was popular in Galveston. However, when the illegal gambling industry was shut down in the mid 1950s by the Texas Rangers, the local economy became depressed and the Galvez deteriorated.
The hotel received a major refurbishing in 1965. In 1971, the hotel was acquired by Harvey O. McCarthey and Dr. Leon Bromberg. In 1979, another major renovation to the hotel was initiated by Denton Cooley, who purchased the hotel in 1978, and it became a Marriott franchise in 1989. The hotel was purchased in April 1995 by Galveston native and real estate developer George P. Mitchell. Mitchell restored the hotel to its historic 1911 look. While owned by Mitchell Historic Properties, a 1996 management agreement gave day-to-day operational control to Wyndham Hotels & Resorts under the name "Hotel Galvez". The hotel has 226 rooms and suites. 
During Hurricane Ike in 2008, the hotel lost clay tiles from its roof and was flooded on its lower level, where the spa, health club, business offices, and laundry were located.
The hotel was built in 1911, eleven years after the devastating hurricane that killed some 6,000 Galveston Island residents and leveled most of the buildings on the island. The hotel occupies the site where the Beach Hotel, Electric Pavilion, and Pagoda Bathhouse once stood.
The Galvez was referred to as "The Playground of the Southwest" mostly for wealthy socialites, businessmen, and celebrities. American Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and Lyndon B. Johnson stayed at the Galvez, as did General Douglas MacArthur. Other notable names include Jimmy Stewart, Frank Sinatra, and Howard Hughes. Many of the 6th and 7th floor Junior and Senior suites are named for these famous and infamous personalities.

</doc>
<doc id="20857776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857776" title="Brian L. Mizer">
Brian L. Mizer

Lieutenant Commander Brian L. Mizer, USN, is a Navy JAG officer. He is from the State of Nebraska. He attended Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska for his undergraduate degree and Case Western Reserve University for his juris doctorate.
He is notable for serving as one the chief defense counsel for Salim Ahmed Hamdan, a former driver of Osama bin Laden, when he faced charges before a Guantánamo military commission.
On 23 April 2008 attorneys working on behalf of Salim Ahmed Hamdan requested permission to meet with Abdulmalik Mohammed and Mustafa al-Hawsawi.
Hamdan's attorneys had previously requested permission to get the "high-value detainees" to answer written questions, which would confirm whether Hamdan played a role in al Qaeda, and, if so, if it had been a peripheral one.
Abdulmalik Mohammed and Mustafa al-Hawsawi declined to answer the questions, because they said they had no way to know that the questions purporting to be from Hamdan's attorneys was not a ruse.
Andrea J. Prasow requested permission for Lieutenant Commander Brian Mizer to meet in person with the two men to try to assure them that the questions were not a ruse, and would not be shared with their interrogators.
Hamdan was convicted in August 2008.
His Presiding Officer's decision that he should be credited with the time he had already served, left him with a scheduled release date of December 31, 2008—just over four months later. Chief Prosecutor Lawrence Morris filed an appeal, asserting that Presiding Officers didn't have the authority to credit time served.
The "Wall Street Journal" quoted Mizer's response: "“I really am at a loss for words. The government, having stacked the deck, is now complaining about the hand it was dealt.”"
In November 2008 "The New Republic" quoted Mizer explaining why the use of torture would complicate the prosecution of other suspects.
Mizer told reporters that he was surprised to learn that Hamdan had been transferred to Yemen on 1 December 2008, calling it "welcome news".
In the fall of 2008 chief prosecutor Colonel Morris Davis resigned 
after a conflict of authority with Brigadier General Thomas W. Hartmann.
Davis felt that Hartmann had inappropriately usurped his own role in designating which captives should face charges, when Hartmann's role as Legal Advisor to the Convening Authority for the Guantánamo Military Commissions required neutrality. Davis became a critic of the operation of the Military Commission system, and on December 8, 2008, the "New York Times" reported that Mizer planned to call upon Davis to testify on undue command influence in Hamdan's case.
In early January 2009 the Office of Military Commissions dismissed all charges against all the suspects, with plans to re-initiate those charges later.
Commentators described the state of the cases against the captives as "chaotic". According to Peter Finn, reporting in the "Washington Post", Mizer greeted the news with disbelief, stating: ""This is military justice 101.""
When President Barack Obama ordered the closure of Guantánamo base on January 22, 2009 Mizer commented:
Media appearances.
Mizer was one of the individuals who appeared in Laura Poitras 
2010 documentary film "The Oath".
A "New York Times" review of the film described Mizer as a ""compelling figure"".
Mizer appeared in PBS interviews on multiple occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="20857787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857787" title="Abortion in Ecuador">
Abortion in Ecuador

Abortion in Ecuador is illegal except in case of the threat to life or health of the woman, or the result of the rape of a woman who is mentally handicapped or insane. The punishment for a woman who has an abortion is 1 to 5 years in prison and the punishment for a doctor or other person who performs the procedure is 2 to 5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20857801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857801" title="Gabriela Grillo">
Gabriela Grillo

Gabriela Grillo (born 19 August 1952 in Duisburg) is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal in team dressage and placed fourth in individual dressage at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. 
Gabriela Grillo was a pupil at the Spanish Riding School in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20857830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857830" title="Seattle Civic Center">
Seattle Civic Center

The Seattle Civic Center is a building complex in Seattle, Washington. The complex comprises several offices owned by the city of Seattle and King County including:
The complex also contained the Public Safety Building until it was demolished in 2005. The Seattle Civic Square Tower is proposed for the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20857843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857843" title="Tropical Storm Higos (2008)">
Tropical Storm Higos (2008)

Tropical Storm Higos (International designation: 0817, JTWC designation: 21W, PAGASA name: Pablo) was a tropical storm during the 2008 Pacific typhoon season. The name "Higos" is the Chamorro word for fig.
Storm History.
On September 27 a tropical disturbance formed in the Philippine Sea to the east of Mindanao, in the Philippines. During the next day the JTWC issued a TCFA on the tropical disturbance. Early on September 29 the JMA designated the disturbance as a tropical depression. Later that day, both PAGASA and the JTWC designated the disturbance as a tropical depression, with PAGASA naming the depression as Pablo whilst the JTWC designated it as Tropical Depression 21W. The JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm early in the afternoon. The JMA followed shortly after and upgraded the system to Tropical Storm Higos early on September 30. Higos tracked towards the northwest and made landfall in the eastern Philippines (on Samar island) on October 1. Higos tracked over the Philippines as a tropical storm (but PAGASA downgraded it as a tropical depression) for most of the day before moving out over open waters. Once out over water, the JTWC downgraded Higos to a tropical depression, however, the JMA kept it as a tropical storm. As Higos neared landfall, it suddenly relocated, paralleling the northeastern coast of Hainan, China. The storm later made landfall on October 4 around 2 a.m. (CST) on the northern coastline of the island. JMA then issued its final advisory as Higos weakened to a tropical depression. The JTWC followed 12 hours later.
Preparations, Warnings and Impact.
Preparations.
Ferry services on Qiongzhou Strait in south China were suspended and authorities in two airports in Hainan Province: Meilan International Airport in Haikou, the provincial capital, and Fenghuang (Phoenix) International Airport in Sanya, a seaside resort on the southern tip of the island, managed to keep arrivals and departures at their respective airports going.
Warnings.
China issued an orange alert on for Higos and the State Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters activated a third degree emergency response on Friday to prevent flooding, while in Hong Kong, the Standby Signal No. 1 was issued at 7.30 p.m. on October 2 when Higos was about 700 km south of Hong Kong. All tropical cyclone warning signals were cancelled at 10.30 p.m. on October 4 as Higos made landfall over western Guangdong and weakened.
Impact.
In Hong Kong, a sheet of glass fell off from a shopping centre in Tsim Sha Tsui when the Strong Monsoon Signal was in force. Two vehicles were damaged and a person was slightly injured during the incident. In addition, a scaffolding was reported loose in Kowloon Bay. Higos caused $6.5 million in damage to the province of Xinhua, however its heavy rainfall may have stopped a potential drought from starting.

</doc>
<doc id="20857856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857856" title="The Eye of the Forest">
The Eye of the Forest

Summary.
Mrs. Gaunt will be going to go to a plastic surgeon djinn named Dr. Kowalski to make Mrs. Gaunt's body look just like her former one. However, djinn can no longer ride whirlwinds safely because of global warming, so she has to fly down to the doctor in Brazil on a regular airplane.
Meanwhile, Mr. Gaunt is kidnapped while his wife is away by three black druids from near Stonehenge. John and Philippa were at Mr. Vodyannoy's other house when that happened. The west wing is safe but the east wing in not able to be navigated. The butler's sister is lost in the east wing. Also, no djinn power can be used in this Nightshakes house. John goes to see the talking boards there to try to contact Mr. Rakshasas' spirit, but he awakens an ancient Incan named Manco Capac instead.
He escapes and regains his mummy from a museum. John brings Grace back to her brother and goes to the museum in his ethereal form. Another unrelated thief stole three sacred gold disks and broke somethings, and the news says a thief in Berlin stole an ancient Incan staff. The news then shows a picture of a door shaped like an eye in the Peruvian forests that leads to...nowhere.
Nimrod says that it's the Eye of the Forest and leads to a place that could cause the end of the world. They fly down to Peru after consulting with Faustina, the Blue Djinn, and getting the one copy of the map to the Eye in the world. They bring Zadie Eloko with them. The tour guide is "Sicky," who has a tattoo on his stomach that acts like Medusa. His head is abnormally small due to an accident with enemy Indians when he was young.
They are nearly killed several times by unusually large animals. John later discovers that Zadie is causing it. She was hypnotized by Virgil Macreeby. Zadie accidentally makes a wish that Pizarro would "teach a lesson" to the Indians chasing them. John and Nimrod reach the Eye - the news story was a hoax. The real door is rectangular and tied with a knotted string made from human hair.
John leans against a lupuna tree and gains some of its knowledge. He unties the knot and rescues the others from mummified Indians. Nimrod awakens some Inca kings who go to fight Pizarro's army. Soon Virgil Macreeby, Dybbuk and Zadie arrive.
They get the disks that Nimrod stole from Zadie. They are intent on using them to make an obviously fake ritual to remake Dybbuk's powers and turn lead to gold.
The three go through the door, keeping back the others by showing them a video that their father is kidnapped. Nimrod connects the dots and realizes that the disks are really polonium, lithium, and steel. The staff has a rod made of pure uranium. These could cause a nuclear explosion. A piece of uranium the size of a baseball destroyed Hiroshima—But if it is bigger (namely the uranium the land is built on) the whole world could blow up. They decide to follow after sending Layla a message through djinnternal mail.
The way to Paititi is guarded by enantodromia (i.e. a wish becomes its opposite). Layla flies to America in a jet at 1500 mph and finds out where Mr. Gaunt is. She rescues him and turns the druids into rare animals. But she shared Edward's body-he is so scared that she renounces her powers(even though Nimrod said in book 2 that you can only renounce once).
Meanwhile, Macreeby leaves Zadie entangled to a human hair bridge that absorbed her and goes on with Buck. John releases her and Nimrod dehypnotizes her. She follows them. While that happens, the other two cross through a row of vampire plants that want their blood. They get across but Macreeby had a concussion. They reach the temple but in the middle of the process realize Macreeby dropped the third gold disk near the plants (the polonium one).
Macreeby gets it but Phil somehow apparates across. Then the plants disappear. Nimrod says her slippers are "gestalt" and that they make her desires come true. They follow to Paititi capturing Macreeby on the way. But just before they reach the city, their electronic devices stop working. Buck dropped the rod without the polonium - there will be no explosion, but only deadly radiation instead.
Phil wishes up a bomb shelter with Hazmat suits. She goes up to Buck - he has split into 2 beings, one good, one bad. The bad one crushes the good one and Phil goes back to the others brokenhearted. They are "gestalted" back to the real world and Phil buries the slippers for fear of their power. Zadie stays behind in the forest to make a school for the Indians. 
The bad ones lost their bad chief to Pizarro and are good now. Sicky is their new chief. Macreeby's punishment is that he stays behind to help Zadie. Nimrod plants accelerated growth lupuna trees made by Faustina near the Eye and makes them invisible so loggers don't cut them. When they grow up tall in a few years (they grow 10 times as fast as other lupunas) whirlwind travel will be safe again. The team heads home to New York, with their family back to normal

</doc>
<doc id="20857871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857871" title="Mezium americanum">
Mezium americanum

Mezium americanum, the American spider beetle or black spider beetle, is a species of beetle in the subfamily Ptinidae, the spider beetles. These are sometimes mistaken for spiders or mites because of their rounded abdomens and long legs. It has a cosmopolitan distribution, but it is an exotic species in Australia.
Description.
The beetle is about 1.5 to 3.5 millimeters long. Its body is dull yellow and hairy, and the elytra are a glossy black or reddish. It has a nearly clindrical thorax with blunt projections on each side. The antennae and legs are long and slender and pale brown to yellow in color. The larva is C-shaped and cream-colored with a brown head.
Impacts.
Like many other spider beetles, this species feeds on stored animal and vegetable products, including foodstuffs. It lives on nuts, beans, seeds, spices, cacao and powdered chocolate, cereals and meal, dried fruits, herbs, and mushrooms, soup powder, fish meal, and bread. Other products it consumes include leather and animal skins, bones, feathers, dried feces, silk, wool, textiles, old wood, books, and dead insects and specimens, including taxidermy. It is known to feed on cayenne pepper, tobacco, and opium.

</doc>
<doc id="20857899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857899" title="Harry Boldt">
Harry Boldt

Harry Boldt (born 23 February 1930 in Insterburg, East Prussia, Germany), is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. 
He won a gold medal in the team dressage at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, and another at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20857920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857920" title="Sacred Concert">
Sacred Concert

Sacred Concert(s) refers to

</doc>
<doc id="20857933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857933" title="Uyu River">
Uyu River

The Uyu River, also pronounced Uru River ("Uyu Chaung" in Burmese), is a river in northern Myanmar, formerly Burma. It is a major tributary of the Chindwin River, itself the largest tributary of the country's chief river, the Ayeyarwady. Its source lies in the Hukawng Valley of Kachin State, and it takes a southwesterly course through a fertile and well irrigated valley. It enters the Chindwin on the left bank at Homalin in Sagaing Division.
Economy.
Hpakant, situated in the headwaters of the Uyu, is the only place in the world where the best quality jade known as jadeite is mined. Sand and stones deposited from the jade mines have impeded the flow during the monsoons and caused flooding with damage to the roads. 'Gold boats' that mine the riverbed for precious metals began to appear in the 1990s along the 215 km stretch of the Uyu from Haungpa to Homalin. A cleanup plan by a government-appointed special environment committee started in May 2004 with a ban on gold digging, and the jade miners were made responsible for the rehabilitation of a 26 km stretch out of the badly damaged 40 km of the river between Lonkin and Haungpa.
Flora and fauna.
The area is covered with primarily tropical evergreen forest, dense bamboo and rattan undergrowth. Mixed deciduous teak forest is also seen on higher slopes. Htamanthi Wildlife Sanctuary for the tiger and the rhinoceros is located between the Uyu and the Chindwin.
The Uyu River is an important conservation area for the Green Peafowl (Pavo muticus), the Spot-billed Pelican (Pelecanus philippensis) and the White-rumped Vulture (Gyps bengalensis).
World War II.
In May 1942 after the Japanese invaded Burma, the US Army General "Uncle Joe" Stilwell led his staff of 103 Americans, British and Chinese on foot setting out from Shwebo to India. He carried bully beef to his raft across the Uyu River, pictured wearing his underwear and campaign hat. They were joined by Gordon Seagrave of "Burma Surgeon" fame and his team of Burmese nurses on their journey down the Uyu on rafts reaching Maingkaing in two days and Homalin after another three days of rafting.

</doc>
<doc id="20857940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857940" title="Canbury Gardens">
Canbury Gardens

Canbury Gardens is a public space in Canbury district of Kingston upon Thames, along the Lower Ham Road, covering 14½ acres area between the road and the towpath along the River Thames, downstream from Kingston Railway Bridge.
History.
In feudal times parishioners used the area to graze animals and cut turf and timber for fuel. In the 19th century when material for road building became a valuable resource, the old grazing land was replaced by a series of pits for gravel extraction. By 1887 the site had become an eyesore and the borough proposed a public garden "that the view from the river shall be a pleasant one and not, as at present, unsightly and obnoxious". The gardens were designed by the borough surveyor Henry Macaulay and opened in 1890. Kingston Power Station was built on the ground behind which had formerly been used to convert raw sewage to garden fertlizer. Landscaping work in the 1980s restored the gardens and after the demolition of the power stations, flats were built on its site.
Today.
The park consists of open lawns and a band stand. Several hard surface tennis courts are available to the public. The Gardens have been included in the UK Government's Playbuilder Project, a national project funded by the Department for Children, Schools and Families (DCSF) for developing play areas.Also within the site are Kingston Rowing Club and the "Boater's Inn" a local jazz venue. Until 2009, the gardens hosted the yearly Green Fair event where band concerts were held and fundraising for local charities. This event has since been cancelled. The gardens also host a Dragon Boat race.
Buses that run close to Canbury Gardens include the 65. The Thames Path from Teddington Lock passes along the river frontage which faces Steven's Eyot.

</doc>
<doc id="20857959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857959" title="Old Wheatleyans RFC">
Old Wheatleyans RFC

Old Wheatleyans RFC" or Old Wheats"' is an English rugby union club based in Coundon, Coventry. It was formed by former pupils of Bablake School who continue to supply a large proportion of the current playing strength.
The club practices and plays its home games at the Bablake Playing Fields. It shares these facilities with Christ The King Football Club, Bablake School and other clubs. The club gained promotion to Midlands 4 West South division in the penultimate game of the season 2010–2011 against local rivals Coventrians. In the following season, 2011-2012, the club finished first and its back-to-back promotions saw it elevated to Midlands 3 West South.
In 2012, the club also won the Midland Junior Vase beating Bloxwich 11–3 in the final, before being narrowly beaten in the national semi-final by Baildon RFC, who went on to win the national final.

</doc>
<doc id="20857974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857974" title="2006 Speedway World Cup Event 2">
2006 Speedway World Cup Event 2

The 2006 Speedway World Cup Event 2 was the second race of the 2006 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 18, 2006 in the G&B Stadium in Målilla, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20857987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857987" title="Kauffman House">
Kauffman House

Kauffman House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20857999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20857999" title="Curious George Rides a Bike">
Curious George Rides a Bike

Curious George Rides a Bike is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1952. It is the third book of the original Curious George series and tells the story of George's new bicycle and his experiences performing with an animal show. 
Plot.
The man with the yellow hat buys George a bicycle. He helps a newspaper boy with his route, but makes boats of the newspapers and sets them adrift in a stream. He runs into a rock, damaging the bike's front wheel. Workers with an animal show fix the wheel and George joins the show. He is given a bugle to play. He is told not to feed the ostrich but the bird gets the bugle lodged in his throat. The workers retrieve it, but George is fired. A baby bear escapes and climbs a tree. George rescues him by lowering him to the ground in the newspaper bag. For his heroism, George is reinstated in the show. He rides his bike and plays the bugle. He is a great success, and is allowed to keep the bugle. 

</doc>
<doc id="20858004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858004" title="C++03">
C++03

C++03 refers to a version of the C++ programming language as defined in standard ISO/IEC 14882:2003.
This version of the C++ programming language standard replaced the standard referred to as C++98, which represented the language's first international standard. 
Essentially, it was a bug fix release targeted at implementers and did not provide any change to the previous standard definition from the programmer's point of view. C++03 added the requirement that elements in a vector are stored contiguously.

</doc>
<doc id="20858019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858019" title="TCPy">
TCPy

TCPy or 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol is a metabolite of chlorpyrifos and chlorpyrifos-methyl, both organophosphate insecticides. A study in Massachusetts reported a correlation between exposure to TCPy and lower testosterone levels in men. According to this source, exposure is "widespread" and of "potential public health importance".

</doc>
<doc id="20858026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858026" title="Zhao Fei">
Zhao Fei

Zhao Fei () (born 1961) is a Chinese cinematographer and frequent collaborator to many directors of the China's so called "fifth generation" film movement. Zhao also served as Woody Allen's director of photography for three films between 1998 and 2001.
Biography.
Born in 1961 in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, Zhao was the son of an architect. Growing up during the turbulent years of the Cultural Revolution, Zhao began his career in film when he applied to the newly reopened Beijing Film Academy in 1978. Zhao would study cinematography and graduate in 1982 with others of the so-called "fifth generation" including directors Chen Kaige, Zhang Yimou, and Tian Zhuangzhuang.
Working throughout the 1980s, Zhao would act as the director of photography ("DOP") for Tian Zhuangzhuang's "The Horse Thief", Huang Jianxin's "Samsara", and others. In 1991, Zhao worked with director Zhang Yimou on his magnum opus, "Raise the Red Lantern". For Zhao, the production of "Raise the Red Lantern" was a major turning point, allowing him to synthesize his previous experiences with painting and art and his current responsibilities as a cinematographer.
By the late 1990s, Zhao had built up an impressive resume, but little would prepare him for the working with Chen Kaige on his historical epic "The Emperor and the Assassin". Chen specifically asked for Zhao to work as the DOP for the project, realizing that the ambitious scope of the film would need someone who was disciplined but resourceful. Zhao's work on "The Emperor and the Assassin" would take up months and then years, and required Zhao to research historical castles, fortifications, and the minutia of China's Warring States period. The actual production was equally intense, as Zhao would often have to create makeshift dollies and other contraptions to capture shots.
By this point, Zhao's work in China had caught the eye of international filmmakers, and Zhao would serve as the DOP for three of American director Woody Allen's films, beginning with "Sweet and Lowdown". Allen had first noticed Zhao's work from "Raise the Red Lantern", though Zhao claims that he is unsure why Allen selected him. The production on "Sweet and Lowdown" was difficult at times, given Zhao's lack of English-speaking abilities and the difficulties of keeping a translator on set at all times. But both Zhao and Allen walked away from the experience pleased with the collaboration, and Zhao would work with Allen on two more films. Allen, himself, praised the Chinese cinematographer, comparing Zhao favorably with Allen's past DOPs, including Carlo Di Palma, Gordon Willis, and Sven Nykvist.

</doc>
<doc id="20858033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858033" title="IAC Building">
IAC Building

__notoc__
The IAC Building, InterActiveCorp's headquarters located at 550 West 18th Street on the northeast corner of Eleventh Avenue in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, is a Frank Gehry-designed building that was completed in 2007. 
Reminiscent of several other Gehry designs, the building appears to consist of two major levels: a large base of twisted tower-sections packed together like the cells of a bee hive, with a second bundle of lesser diameter sitting on top of the first. The cell units have the appearance of sails skinned over the skeleton of the building. The full-height windows fade from clear to white on the top and bottom edges of each story. The overall impression is of two very tall stories, which belies its actual 10-story structure. "Vanity Fair" commented that the building is perhaps one of the world's most attractive office buildings. Barry Diller, the head of IAC, mandated that the facade be covered in smooth glass rather than wrinkling titanium, as Gehry had originally planned.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20858041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858041" title="Obolo, Akwa Ibom">
Obolo, Akwa Ibom

Obolo is a town in the state of Akwa Ibom in the southeast Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20858065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858065" title="IWA World Heavyweight Championship (Australia)">
IWA World Heavyweight Championship (Australia)

The IWA World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in the Australian World Championship Wrestling promotion from its founding in 1964 until 1971.
Although a part of WCW, the championship carried the IWA initials, for the International Wrestling Alliance. The IWA was WCW's sanctioning body for its championships.
WCW joined the National Wrestling Alliance in August 1969, but still recognized this title as its world title. In 1971, the title was abandoned, the NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship was established as WCW's new top championship, and the NWA World Heavyweight Championship was recognized in WCW as the world title.
24 different men held the championship, combining for 51 individual title reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="20858066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858066" title="Agbor">
Agbor

Agbor, also known as Agbor Boji Boji, is a town in Delta state, Nigeria. The indigenes of Agbor town are of Ika descent. Agbor was originally named Agbon a Bini word for "land", until the British anglicized it to "Agbor". The people of Agbor have traditionally relied on farming and fishing for their food and commerce. Its history is dominated by the many warriors it has produced. Agbor was once affiliated with the Benin Empire before the British conquered Benin, although the idea of Agbor being a colony of Benin is disputed.
The traditional ruler of Agbor is known as 'Dein'. The current Dein of Agbor is Benjamin Ikechuku, Keagborekuzi I who goes by "Dein", the name of his ruling house, instead of "Obi".

</doc>
<doc id="20858077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858077" title="Nonesuch Shale">
Nonesuch Shale

The Nonesuch Shale is a Proterozoic geologic formation that outcrops in Michigan and Wisconsin, United States, but has been found by drill holes to extend in the subsurface as far southwest as Iowa.
The Nonesuch is a lacustrine sequence of shale, siltstone, and sandstone, 150 to 210 m thick, that conformably overlies the alluvial Copper Harbor Conglomerate and is conformably overlain by the fluvial Freda Sandstone. Together, the Copper Harbor, Nonesuch, and Freda make up the Oronto Group. The Nonesuch is Middle Proterozoic, with an estimated age of approximately 1.1 billion years. It was deposited in the Midcontinent Rift. The Nonesuch beds contain common organic carbon and pyrite.
Natural resources.
The Nonesuch Formation has been a major source of copper, and is considered a prospective source of petroleum.
Copper.
Copper was discovered in the Nonesuch in the 1800s, but early mining efforts, such as those at the Nonesuch Mine in Ontonagon County, Michigan, failed because of the difficulty of recovering the fine grains of native copper.
The Copper Range Company opened the White Pine mine in Ontonagon County, Michigan, in 1955. The principal ore minerals were chalcocite and native copper. The underground mine produced copper from the Nonesuch Shale until it closed in 1995.
Petroleum.
The Nonesuch Shale has sufficient organic carbon content (greater than 0.5%) to be considered a potential sourcebed for petroleum. Oil identified as Precambrian has been found seeping into the White Pine copper mine in Michigan. Exploration wells have been drilled to Nonesuch-equivalent sediments in the rift basin in Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa, but no petroleum deposits have been discovered.
External links.
Iowa Geological Survey: "Exploring the Midcontinent Rift", PDF file, retrieved 27 December 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20858085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858085" title="Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren">
Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren

"Also Known as 'The Sieve of Time: The Memoirs of Leni Riefenstahl' (UK) and 'Leni Riefenstahl: A Memoir' (US)"
"Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren" is the 1987 autobiography of German film director, Leni Riefenstahl. The book received a 1993 American release and coincided with the release of the acclaimed documentary; "The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl" as well as Riefenstahl's ninetieth birthday. It was featured on the 1993 New York Times list of notable books of the year.
Overview.
Riefenstahl recounts her life as the foremost film director of the Third Reich who directed films such as "Triumph of the Will" and "Olympia". She also deals with her post-war life, and the stigma of her past that thwarted future productions. She accounts for her acclaimed career as a photographer, notably that of Sudan's Nuba tribe recounted in "The Last of the Nuba" and other publications. The book also includes memoirs of her underwater marine explorations and her photography which had been published as "Coral Gardens".
Reception.
The book garnered a positive critical reception. Notably, it was featured in the "New York Times" list of Notable Books of the Year 1993. Writing in The New York Times Book Review, John Simon said the memoir did not contain "a single unspellbinding page." Although he questioned some of the veracity of her accounts, he concluded "The book must, in the main, be true; it is far too weird for fiction."

</doc>
<doc id="20858088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858088" title="Arizona cheese crisp">
Arizona cheese crisp

An Arizona cheese crisp (simply "cheese crisp" in the region) is an open-faced, flour tortilla covered in shredded cheese, baked until crisp on top. It is similar to a quesadilla, but distinct in that a cheese crisp is not folded over, and that it is also baked until the tortilla becomes crisp. Common cheeses to use include in various combinations are Oaxaca, Monterey Jack, or cheddar. Cheese crisps sometimes are topped with onions, cilantro, or peppers. The cheese crisp is said to have been made famous by El Charro Café in Tucson, Arizona.
Cheese crisps are ubiquitous in Arizona, but rarely found outside of the state other than places popular with Arizona tourists such as Puerto Peñasco and San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="20858093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858093" title="Josef Neckermann">
Josef Neckermann

Josef Carl Peter Neckermann (5 June 1912 in Würzburg – 13 January 1992 in Dreieich) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won Olympic medals at four different Olympics, in 1960, 1964, 1968 and 1972. 
He was also the founder and owner of the German mail order company Neckermann AG in 1938. 
He benefited greatly from the Nazi forced hostile takeover of Jewish merchants including the 1938 acquisition of Karl Amson Joel's retail business in Berlin. Joel founded a Nuremberg based mail order textile and clothing company in 1928. The following year he also started manufacturing. Joel's company soon became one of the leading mail order sellers in Germany (along with Quelle or Schöpflin). As discrimination further increased (e.g. deliveries had to be marked with a "J" for Juden, or Jew), and Jewish firms became "Aryanized," Joel was forced to sell his company to Neckermann for an unrealistic purchase price in 1938. The original agreement of 2.3 million marks was further reduced by Neckermann to 1.1 million marks. In 1957 Joel got a compensation of 2 million German marks for his former company from Neckermann who ran the most successful German mail order selling company at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20858097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858097" title="Awgu">
Awgu

Awgu is the Headquarters of Awgu Local Government Area in Enugu State, Nigeria and the Headquarters of Awgu Catholic Diocese. The Catholic Cathedral is said to resemble a space ship when viewed with Google Earth. The town is also the Orientation Training Centre for National Youth Service corps members posted to Enugu State. 
History.
The present Awgu LGA was created out of the greater Awgu Local government area which included Aninri and Oji River local government areas. It has a population of 390,681, according to the 2006 census. The other towns in Awgu Local Government Area are: Agbogugu, Isu-Awa, Ituku, Ihe, Ogbaku, Owelli, Ogugu, Agbudu, Amoli, Mmaku, Ugbo, Obeagu, Mgbidi, Ugwueme, Amoli, Nkwe, Ezere, Awgu, Nenwenta, Awgunta and Mgbowo

</doc>
<doc id="20858099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858099" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Papua New Guinea">
Postage stamps and postal history of Papua New Guinea

The postage stamps and postal history of Papua New Guinea were linked to the Australian administration on the Eastern part of the island of New Guinea until its independence in 1975.
In the South, Papua, formally under British rule, used the stamps of Queensland between 1885 and 1901. With the creation of the Commonwealth of Australia, the philatelic production and postal organisation were decided by an Australian administration and the stamps printed in Brisbane, then Melbourne.
In the North, New Guinea was under the control of the German Empire and used its stamps between 1888 and 1897. The colony got stamps bearing its name after 1897. Consequently to the Australian conquest in 1914, the remaining German colonial stamps and some Australian ones, were overprinted. After the Territory of New Guinea became a League of Nations mandate entrusted to Australia, this country organised the postal system and philatelic production in New Guinea.
After the Japanese occupation of New Guinea and the suppression of civil administration in Papua at the beginning of 1942, the stamps of Australia were used between 1945 and 1953, before the two united territories got their own stamps. Progressively, it obtained its philatelic and postal autonomy, and finally independence in September 1975.
"Note: concerning the Western part of the island of New Guinea or Irian Barat, see Postage stamps of Western New Guinea."
In the North, New Guinea.
German colony.
In German New Guinea, in the Bismarck Archipelago and the North Solomon Islands, the first German post offices opened in 1888 and used some stamps of the German Reich, issued between 1875 and 1887 (denomination in an oval or imperial eagle series). On the mail, they were cancelled with a round datestamp bearing the name of the town in the upper part and a five arm star in the lower. The "DEUTSCH- / NEU-GUINEA" mention appeared in the middle of datestamps some years after, and there can be two or three stars.
In 1897 and 1898, six stamps of Germany were overprinted with the name of the colony, printed in diagonal on two lines. It is in 1901 that the first stamps were issued with the name of the colony printed on them, in the German colonial series, picturing the imperial yacht "Hohenzollern".
Australian occupation.
In September 1914, at the beginning of World War I in Europe, the Australian troops invaded the German New Guinea. In October and December 1914, the remaining stocks of German colonial stamps were overprinted with two mentions. On the upper line, "G.R.I." for "Georgius Rex Imperator" in honour of George V, King of the United Kingdom and Emperor of India. The second line is a new denomination expressed in the Australian pound subdivisions: pence ("d.") and shilling ("s.").
A stock of the German Marshall Islands stamps was retrieved in Nauru, while the German postal authority were ordered to destroy it. It was sent to New Guinea, where it was overprinted in the same fashion as German New Guinea stamps and sold starting December 1914.
From January 1915 to 1925, were used in New Guinea and Nauru stamps of Australia overprinted "NORTH WEST PACIFIC ISLANDS". They were taken in the "Kangaroo and Map" series and the George V series.
Australian mandate.
On 23 January 1925, the Australian administration in the League of Nations mandate of the Territory of New Guinea issued the first stamp series for this entity, representing an indigenous village formed by hutts. In June 1931, with the first transportation of mail by plane, a part of the "Hutt" stamps was overprinted with a plane and the "AIR MAIL" mention.
On 2 August 1931, a new series replaced the "Hutt" design with a Raggiana Bird of Paradise and the "1921 / 1931" dates commemorating the tenth anniversary of the Australian mandate. The same day, the airmail overprinted series was put on sale. The 30 June 1932, the stamps were issued again, their design being modified to erase the previous commemorative dates. A new design picturing a plane above the Bulolo River (a gold dredging field since 1932) was created for two high value stamps of two and five Australian pounds. They were issued on 1 May 1935.
The British royal events provided ideas for two issues, simultaneously with the Territories of Nauru and Papua. In May 1935, two 1 and 2 pence "Raggiana Bird of Paradise" stamps were overprinted for King George V's Silver Jubilee. However, it was the whole design that was common for the three territories in 1936 to mark the coronation of King George V. Four New Guinean stamps were issued with his profile photographed by Bertram Park and engraved by Frank Manley.
On 1 March 1939, a new "AIRMAIL POSTAGE" series was issued with the Bulolo gold field design of 1935.
With the Japanese attack on Rabaul in New Britain in January 1942 and the occupation of the rest of the territory, the civil administrations were quickly suspended. But, on the philatelic market some New Guinea stamps had been known with a forged overprint imitating the Japanese overprint on occupied Dutch East Indies stamps.
In the south, Papua.
The British New Guinea.
British controlled the South-East of the island of New Guinea since the late 1884. The colony was administrated from Queensland, whose postage stamps figuring Queen Victoria were in use in British New Guinea between 1885 and 1901. The colonial datestamps bore the "B.N.G." abbreviation.
The Territory of Papua's "Lakatoi" series.
On 1 July 1901, a stamp series was issued with the name of the colony ("BRITISH NEW GUINEA") printed on it in intaglio by De La Rue in London. In the centre of them, was engraved a photograph taken by Captain Barton, Secretary of the Lieutenant-General. It pictured a lakatoi, a local ship, in front of Hanuabada village, near Port Moresby.
In 1902, the Commonwealth of Australia received the responsibility to administrate British New Guinea. It was defined in the 1906 Papua Act, including a change of name to become the Territory of Papua. The remaining stock of "Lakatoi" stamps were overprinted "PAPUA" and issued in 1906 for the stamps treated in Port Moresby and in May 1907 for those sent to Brisbane. The search for philatelic income was the motivation for this overprint, more than the political update.
In November 1907, the "Lakatoi" design was put on stamps printed with the "PAPUA" name, in typography by the same printer than the stamps of Australia, in Melbourne. The design was kept until 1932, with only modifications of colours and values when postal rates were changed in 1912, 1921 and 1924. The sole change that was ill-welcomed by the public was the monocolor issue of 1911. The bicolor design was reused in 1915 and the monocolor stocks were overprint with a one penny value mainly sold to collectors.
In 1929, the first flights transporting some mail took place between Port Moresby and Australia, and to other isolated places in the colony, like the police station in Oroville on the Fly River. Three "Lakatoi" stamps were surcharged "AIR MAIL" or with a plane for this kind of mail.
The 1929–1931 overprints helped to increase with a 2.5 factor the sale of Papuan postage stamps, essentially thank to collectors.
New illustrated series of George V and George VI's reigns.
In 1932, to increase the colony's income, Administrator Hubert Murray ordered the issue of a new postage stamp series, chosen among projects and photographed proposed by colonial servants. Five unicolor stamps were created with drawings by E. Whitehouse. Inside an ornament by F.E. Williams, two drawings by Williams and nine photographs by Williams and Alfred Gibson gave birth to eleven bicolor stamps. On the sixteen stamps, the Papuan indigenous culture was pictured: a "lakatoi", Papuans in traditional clothes, habitations and two identified persons (Steve Dagora, son of Oala, in a ceremony dress and who became a public servant; and Sergent-Major Simoi, a policeman). Printed in intaglio in Melbourne, the series was issued on 14 November 1932. It helped gain more than ten thousands pounds of stamp sales for fiscal year 1932–1933, five times more than 1929–1930, the last year without any new issue.
Steve Dagora (born 1919) is primarily known because he appeared on a postage stamp of his native Papua in 1932, when he was 13 years old, as the "son of Oala", a reference to his father, Chief Oala of Hanuabada. Steven was educated at the Catholic convent in Koki, a suburb of Port Moresby. He worked with his father both on the farm, and as 2nd engineer on the "M. V. Chinsura". By World War II, he had developed a reputation as a competent mechanic. As well as having successful involvement in both the trucking and construction industry, he contributed greatly to his country's agricultural development.
On 6 November 1934, the fifty years of the declaration of the British Protectorate were marked with four commemorative stamps designed by Frank Manley and engraved by Edward Broad. They were illustrated with two scenes of 6 June 1884: the Union Jack raised in Port Moresby and the meeting between Commodore Erskine of the HMS "Nelson" and some New Guinean leaders.
Alongside the territories of Nauru and New Guinea, British royal events provoked two issued in Papua. In July 1935, four stamps were reissued overprinted « HIS MAJESTY'S JUBILEE / 1910 1935 » for George V's Silver Jubilee. For the coronation of George VI, five denominations were issued in 1937 with the profile photographed by Bertram Park engraved by Frank Manley.
Many stamps reprinted but not overprinted in 1935 were stored in Melbourne. They were finally put on sale in May 1938 at six General Post Offices throughout Australia to collectors who prepared their commemorative mail for the first regular airmail flight between New Guinea and Australia.
A new colonial celebration was marked by a stamp issue on 5 September 1938: the fifty years of the possession of British New Guinea by the United Kingdom. Five airmail stamps were issued with a view of Port Moresby. A new airmail series was released on 6 September 1939 with a drawing by Edward Broad: two Papuans on their rafts overflown by a plane.
At the beginning of the Pacific War, the Japanese occupation of Western New Guinea on the West and of the Territory of New Guinea on the North forced the suspension of civil administration in Papua on 12 February 1942. Even if the Australian Army's postal service used stamps of Papua at first, it quickly returned to stamps of Australia. The suppression of civil postal service rendered useless the reprints of 1932 stamps and of a 1 shilling 6 pence airmail stamp issued in January 1941 to follow the rate for a letter to the United Kingdom.
The Territory of Papua and New Guinea.
At the end of World War II, in 1945, stamps of Australia were used in New Guinea and in Papua until 1 March 1953.
On 30 October 1952, the new combined territory received its new stamp series figuring local topics and bearing the name "Territory of Papua and New Guinea".
Aside local cultures, economic activities, fauna and flora, the topics included the signs of political autonomy progressively given to the territory: a Legislative Council in 1961, the territory participation to political and sport events of Oceania and of the Commonwealth of Nations. Starting in the 1960s, European printers like Courvoisier and Enshedé competed with the official printing plant of Australia. The former introduced photogravure stamps.
On 26 January 1972, with the stamps presenting the new flag and coat of arms of the territory, appeared a new mention "Papua New guinea".
The new coins in kina and its subdivision, the toea, were presented on a five stamp series issued on 21 April 1975. In August, the four stamps marking the fifth South Pacific Games in Guam were the last before independence on 21 September 1975.
Synthesis.
This is a synthesis of the stamps used in Papua New Guinea during its philatelic history, distinguished by the country name printed and the currency expressed on the stamps.

</doc>
<doc id="20858113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858113" title="Edvin Adolphson">
Edvin Adolphson

Gustav Edvin Adolphson (25 February 1893 – 31 October 1979) was a Swedish film actor and director who appeared in over 500 roles. He made his debut in 1912. He appeared with Ingrid Bergman in "Only One Night" (1939), and is noted for his roles in the film "Änglar, finns dom?" (1961), the television version of August Strindberg's "Hemsöborna" (1966), and as Markurell in "Markurells i Wadköping" (1968). He also directed the first Swedish sound film, "Säg det i toner" in 1929. 
He was actress Harriet Bosse's third husband (1927–1932) and is father of actress Kristina Adolphson (b. 1937) and songwriter/composer Olle Adolphson (1934–2004). Adolphson was born in Furingstad, Sweden (Östergötland County), and died in Solna, a suburb of Stockholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20858116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858116" title="Mardi Gras in the United States">
Mardi Gras in the United States

While Mardi Gras in the United States is not observed nationally across the country, a number of cities and regions in the U.S. have notable Carnival celebrations, because of the French, Spanish, and other colonial influences on the settlements over their history. The earliest Carnival celebration in North America occurred at a place on the west bank of the Mississippi river about 60 miles (96.6 kilometers) downriver from where New Orleans is today; this Mardi Gras on the 3rd of March 1699 and in honor of this holiday, Iberville named the spot Point du Mardi Gras (French: "Mardi Gras Point"). The earliest organized Carnival celebrations occurred in Mobile, Biloxi, New Orleans, and Pensacola, which have each developed separate traditions. In addition, modern activities generally vary from city to city across the U.S.
For Mardi Gras dates through 2050 see "Mardi Gras Dates".
Early days in American colonies.
Mardi Gras arrived in North America as a sedate French Catholic tradition with the Le Moyne brothers, Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville and Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville, in the late 17th century, when King Louis XIV sent the pair to defend France's claim on the territory of "Louisiane", which included what are now the U.S. states of Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
The expedition, led by Iberville, entered the mouth of the Mississippi River on the evening of March 2, 1699, Lundi Gras, not yet knowing it was the river explored and claimed for France by René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle in 1683. The party proceeded upstream to a place on the west bank about 60 miles downriver from where New Orleans is today, where a small tributary emptied into the great river, and made camp in what is now Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana. This was on March 3, 1699, Mardi Gras day, so in honor of this holiday, Iberville named the spot "Point du Mardi Gras" (French: "Mardi Gras Point") and called the small tributary Bayou Mardi Gras. Bienville went on to found Mobile, Alabama in 1702 as the first capital of French Louisiana. In 1703 French settlers in that city began to celebrate the Mardi Gras tradition. By 1720, Biloxi was made capital of Louisiana. While it had French settlers, Mardi Gras and other customs were celebrated with more fanfare given its new status. In 1723, the capital of French Louisiana was moved to New Orleans, founded in 1718. With the growth of New Orleans as a city and the creolization of different cultures, the varied celebration of Mardi Gras became the event most strongly associated with the city. In more recent times, several U.S. cities without a French Catholic heritage have instituted the celebration of Mardi Gras, which sometimes emerged as grassroots movements. "Mardi gras" means translated from the french : "fat tuesday"
Alabama.
Mobile.
Mobile, founded by Bienville in 1702, is known for having the oldest organized Mardi Gras celebrations in the United States, beginning in 1703. It was also host to the first formally organized Mardi Gras parade in the United States in 1830.
Mobile's Mardi Gras celebrations revolve around mystic societies, private social organizations that have been a fundamental part of the social and business fabric of the city. The mystic societies are organizations, similar to krewes in New Orleans, that present parades, masked balls, and activities for the enjoyment of its members, guests, and the public. Mystic society membership is secret. The mystic societies build colorful Carnival floats and parade throughout downtown Mobile during the Carnival season with masked society members tossing small gifts, known as "throws", to the parade spectators.
Throws were first introduced in Mobile during an 1837 "Cowbellion de Rakin Society" parade. They initially consisted of sugar plumbs, kisses, and oranges. Currently, throws may be trinkets, candy, cookies, peanuts, women's panties, artificial roses, stuffed animals, doubloons, cups, hats, can coolers, Frisbees, medallion necklaces, bead necklaces of every variety, and the iconic Moon Pies.
Mobile's mystic societies give formal masquerade balls, known as "bal masqués", which are almost always invitation only and are oriented to adults. Attendance at a ball requires that a strict dress code, or costume "de rigueur", be followed. The formal dress code usually involves full-length evening gowns for women and white tie with tails for male invited guests, and masked costumes for society members. The balls feature dramatic entertainment, music, dancing, food, and drinks. Balls are usually based upon a theme which is carried out through scenery, decorations, costumes, and a "tableau vivant".
Mobile first celebrated Carnival in 1703 when French settlers began the festivities at the Old Mobile Site. Mobile's first Carnival society was organized in 1704, when Nicholas Langlois founded "Société de Saint Louis".
In 1711 it was renamed the "Boeuf Gras Society" (Fatted Ox Society) (1711–1861). In 1830 Mobile's "Cowbellion de Rakin Society" was the first formally organized and masked mystic society in the United States to celebrate with a parade. The "Cowbellions" got their start when Michael Krafft, a cotton factor from Pennsylvania, began a parade with participants' carrying rakes, hoes, and cowbells. The "Cowbellions" introduced horse-drawn floats to the parades in 1840 with a parade entitled, "Heathen Gods and Goddesses". The "Striker's Independent Society" was formed in 1843. It is the oldest surviving mystic society or krewe in the United States.
In 1856 six businessmen, formerly of Mobile, gathered at a club room in New Orlean's French Quarter to organize a secret society to observe Mardi Gras with a formal parade. They founded New Orleans' first and oldest krewe, the "Mistick Krewe of Comus". Carnival celebrations in Mobile were cancelled during the American Civil War. In 1866 Joe Cain revived the Mardi Gras parades by portraying a fictional Chickasaw chief named "Slacabamorinico" while parading in costume through the city streets on Fat Tuesday. He celebrated the day in front of Union Army occupation troops. The "Order of Myths", Mobile's oldest mystic society that continues to parade, was founded in 1867 and held its first parade on Mardi Gras night in 1868. The "Infant Mystics" also began to parade on Mardi Gras night in 1868, but later moved their parade to Lundi Gras.
The Mobile Carnival Association was formed in 1871 to coordinate the events of Mardi Gras. That year was also the occasion of the First Royal Court at which was crowned the first king of Carnival, Emperor Felix I. The "Comic Cowboys of Wragg Swamp" were established in 1884, along with their mission of satire and free expression. The "Continental Mystic Crew" mystic society was founded in 1890; it was Mobile's first Jewish mystic society. In 1894 the "Order of Doves" mystic society was founded and held its first Mardi Gras ball. It was the first African-American mystic society in Mobile. In 1929 the "Infant Mystics", the second oldest society that continues to parade, introduced the first electric floats to Mobile. In 1939 the Colored Carnival Association was founded and had its first parade; it was later renamed the Mobile Area Mardi Gras Association. In 1980 the "Order of Osiris", the oldest surviving gay and lesbian mystic society in Mobile, held its first ball. In 1995 the 1st Mobile International Carnival Ball was held, with every known Mobile mystic society in attendance. In 2002, Mobile celebrated its Tricentennial with parades representing every known mystic society. A documentary film, "The Order of Myths", was released in 2008 with a focus on Mardi Gras celebrations and how race and class influences many aspects of Mardi Gras in the city, including the mystic societies. According statistics from the Alabama Tourism Department, Mobile Mardi Gras is the most-attended annual event in the state. The event attracted more than 800,000 people in 2010 and more than one million in 2011.
Demopolis.
Demopolis, another Alabama city with French roots, has held an annual Mardi Gras masquerade ball since 2008. The ball, hosted by the Marengo County Historical Society, is held at one of the city's historic mansions, Lyon Hall.
The city was founded and named by a group of French expatriates, a mix of exiled former Bonapartists and other French migrants who settled in the United States following the overthrow of the colonial government in Saint-Domingue. The name means the People's City or City of the People. First settled in 1817, Demopolis is one of the oldest continuous settlements in the state outside of coastal Alabama.
California.
San Francisco.
Carnaval San Francisco is an annual street parade and festival in San Francisco at the end of May.
San Diego.
As of 2005, there is a corporate-sponsored party in the Gaslamp Quarter of downtown San Diego. In addition there is a San Diego Brazil Carnival Ball that is part of the San Diego Carnival Mardi Gras season.
San Luis Obispo.
Mardi Gras celebrations in San Luis Obispo have been controversial in recent years. In 2005 leaders of this Central California city called for an end to public celebrations, as the city had become a destination for students from across the state, and celebrations had gotten out of control.
Florida.
Dunedin.
Dunedin, Florida
Dunedin Mardi Gras Parade and Festival
This event is a true family event. Music begins in our beautiful Pioneer Park pavilion at 5pm and continues till the parade steps off. After the one hour plus parade featuring over 50 unique and colorful floats finish tossing beads to the excited crowd, the party continues at the park until 11pm and spills over into the local pubs and restaurants till closing time. This event draws young and old, families from Grandma to the smallest child as well as couples and singles.
According to the Pinellas county sheriff's department, attendance at the parade has included thousands of people both local and outside of Tampa Bay. Attendees begin arriving as early as 1pm to begin staking out a good spot along the parade route which runs along Douglas Avenue from Knology Park passing through Main street and in front of Pioneer Park ending just before Skinner Boulevard.
The parade starts at 7:30pm at the Florida Auto Exchange Stadium
and heads north to Skinner Blvd.
Find out about FREE Transportation with the Jolley Trolley
The attendance at this event ranges in age from under 2 to over 80. The greatest bulk of attendees plan to spend three to six hours at the event which enjoys the largest crowds from two hours ahead of parade time, which is roughly 7:30pm-9:00pm, till an hour or more after the parade concludes. Families tend to clear out earlier leaving the adult couples and singles to enjoy the remainder of the night downtown. Music ends on the main stage at Pioneer Park at 11pm. 
Pensacola.
Pensacola, Florida hosts a Mardi Gras Celebration. The Pensacola celebrations also use "Moon Pies" in combination with beads, coins, candies & Krewe-related trades. The Pensacola festivities and the Krewes that sponsor them often are more light-hearted and family-oriented than some in other venues. The name of a number of the Krewes are puns of the names of historic Krewes in New Orleans and Mobile.
The annual Pensacola celebration, is among the oldest in the United States, dating back to 1874. Festivities typically took place on the eponymous Tuesday itself and the preceding week.
The first organized secular celebration of Carnival in Pensacola was in 1874, when a group of men including B. F. Yniestra, D. G. and F. C. Brent, D. K. Huckley and Dr. J. C. Whiting established the Knights of Priscus Association. The name Priscus came from Tarquinius Priscus, the fifth king of Rome who:
The event became unorganized, having "fallen entirely into the hands of individual merry-makers and frolickers who disported themselves as their own wild merriment dictated," but was reorganized by the Clerks Union in 1900. They formed the Pensacola Carnival Association with a 12-person committee led by chairman J. I. Johnson. Priscus remained the title of the festival's ceremonial king, and Alexander Clement Blount II was named the first King Priscus of the new group.
The celebration is currently organized by Pensacola Mardi Gras, Inc., and Pensacola Mardi Gras krewes parades and balls occur in the weekend prior to Fat Tuesday.
Parades are on Friday night ("Krewe of Lafitte"), Saturday afternoon (the "Grand Parade"), and the "Krewe of Wrecks" parade on Pensacola Beach on Sunday. No parades are held on Mardi Gras, itself.
The krewes in Pensacola are smaller than in Mobile or New Orleans, so typically a parade has floats sponsored by numerous different krewes, rather than a single krewe having its own parade.
Older krewes hold Carnival balls but do not parade, these include the Revellers of Ariola, and Marionettes. Parading krewes include: Krewe of African Kings, Krewe of African Queens, Krewe of Andres de Pez, Krewe of Aphrodite, Krewe of Avant Garde, Krewe of Brewe, Krewe of Hip Huggers, Krewe of Jesters, Krewe of Lafitte, Mayoki Indians, Krewe of Nauga, Krewe of Seville, Krewe of the Silver Slipper, Krewe of Warriors, Mystic Krewe of Nereids, Krewe du YaYas, Order of Zeus.
Hollywood.
Hollywood, Florida hosts Mardi Gras festivities in the downtown area and a Fat Tuesday celebration on Hollywood Beach Broadwalk with live entertainment and Cajun/Creole food. Fiesta Tropicale emerged from a Hollywood tradition that started in 1935 as Fiesta of the Nations, a celebration of different cultures featuring performances by costumed children at Hollywood Central School. In 1997, a core group of Hollywood residents re-established the Mardi Gras celebration as Fiesta Tropicale of Hollywood, Inc. where krewes built floats and second lined through the downtown business district.
Orlando.
In Orlando, the Universal Studios Florida theme park hosts an annual Mardi Gras celebration. This event features concerts by top musical acts, a Mardi Gras parade, and more. The event takes place over multiple weekends from February to April at the park, and is included with the regular daily admission to the park.
Louisiana.
New Orleans.
New Orleans Mardi Gras celebrations draw hundreds of thousands of tourists to the city to mingle with the locals at the famed parties and parades. As many as a half-million spectators have been estimated by officials to line the route of major parades. The first Mardi Gras festivities in Louisiana were held on March 3, 1699. On that day, a group of French explorers set up camp on the west bank of the Mississippi River, about 60 miles downriver from what is now New Orleans. The group's leader, Pierre Baptiste Le Moyne, Sieur d'Iberville dubbed the spot La Pointe du Mardi Gras. Three hundred years later, the Rex organization put a marker at the site.
An account from 1743 notes that the custom of holding Carnival balls was established by that date, during the time when Bienville was governor. On Mardi Gras, there were masques and processions in the streets of the city, although they were, at times, prohibited by law. The celebrations were quickly resumed whenever restrictions were lifted or the enforcement of them was lax. In 1833, Bernard Xavier de Marigny de Mandeville, a rich plantation owner, raised the money to fund an official Mardi Gras celebration.
On Mardi Gras of 1857 the "Mistick Krewe of Comus" held its first parade. Comus is the oldest continuously active Mardi Gras organization. It originated a number of traditions that continue today (such as the use of floats in parades) and is considered the first Carnival krewe in the modern sense of the term.
In 1875 the state of Louisiana declared Mardi Gras a legal holiday. Economic, political, and weather conditions sometimes led to the cancellation of some or all of the major parades, especially during the American Civil War, World War I and World War II, but Carnival has always been observed in the city in some way.
The last large parades went through the narrow streets of the city's old French Quarter neighborhood in 1972. Larger floats and crowds and safety concerns led the city government to prohibit big parades in the Quarter.
In 1991, the New Orleans city council passed an ordinance that required social organizations, including Mardi Gras Krewes, to certify publicly that they did not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, gender or sexual orientation, in order to obtain parade permits and other public licenses. The ordinance required these and other private social groups to abandon their traditional code of secrecy and identify their members for the city's Human Relations Commission. In protest, the 19th century krewes "Comus" and "Momus" stopped parading. "Proteus" did parade in the 1992 Carnival season, but returned to the parade schedule in 2000. Two federal courts later declared that the ordinance was an unconstitutional infringement on First Amendment rights of free association, and an unwarranted intrusion on the privacy of the groups subject to the ordinance. The Supreme Court refused to hear the city's appeal of their decision. Today, many krewes operate under a business structure – membership is open to anyone who pays dues to have a place on a parade float.
The effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans in late 2005 caused a few people to question the future of the city's Mardi Gras celebrations. The city government, essentially bankrupt after the storm, pushed for a massively scaled back celebration to limit strains on city services. However, many krewes insisted that they wanted to and would be ready to parade, so negotiations between krewe leaders and city officials resulted in a compromise schedule, scaled back but less severely than originally suggested. The 2006 New Orleans' Carnival schedule included the "Krewe du Vieux" on its traditional route through Marigny and the French Quarter on February 11, then several parades on Saturday, the 18th, and Sunday the 19th, followed by six days of parades starting Thursday night, the 23rd, until Mardi Gras Day, the 28th. Other than "Krewe du Vieux" and two Westbank parades that went through Algiers, all New Orleans parades were restricted to the Saint Charles Avenue Uptown to Canal Street route, a section of the city which escaped significant flooding. Restrictions were placed on the amount of time parades could be on the street and how late they could go.
Louisiana State troopers and National Guard assisted with crowd control for the first time since 1979. Many of the floats had been partially submerged in the floodwaters for weeks. While some krewes repaired and removed all traces of these effects, others incorporated flood lines and other damage into the designs of the floats. Most of the locals who worked on the floats and rode on them were significantly impacted by the storm, and many had lost most or all of their possessions, but their enthusiasm for Carnival was even more intense than usual and celebrated as an affirmation of life. The themes of many costumes and floats had more barbed satire than usual, with commentary on the trials and tribulations of living in the devastated city, with references to MREs, Katrina refrigerators and FEMA trailers, along with much mocking of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and local and national politicians.
It is impossible to estimate how synonymous Mardi Gras and New Orleans have become in popular culture. In 1926, Ferde Grofe wrote an orchestral cycle called the Mississippi Suite, the last movement featuring a musical depiction of Mardi Gras in the French Quarter. Since then the influence of Fat Tuesday on American culture has only increased, as evidenced by the wealth of songs, films, and television shows about the notorious festival.
Alexandria.
Alexandria, which is located in the heart of Central Louisiana (CenLa), enjoys a blend of Mardi Gras traditions in keeping with the area's reputation as the "cultural crossroads" of the state. In addition to Mardi Gras balls, parties, and other functions, it hosts several parades, including the Alexandria Mardi Gras Association (AMGA) Krewe Parade, traditionally on the Sunday before Mardi Gras, a Children's parade, and the "Krewe of Provine" Parade, usually held on Mardi Gras Day. In 2008, the "College Cheerleaders and Classic Cars" parade made its debut with warm reception. The area's parades are known for their mix of traditional Mardi Gras fun and revelry with a family-friendly environment. They attract people from as far away as Texas and Mississippi.
Baton Rouge.
Baton Rouge hosts eight parades, including the Spanish Town Parade, Krewe of Southdowns, Krewe of Mutts (dog parade), Krewe Mystique, and Parades such as the Krewe of Orion, Krewe of Artemis, Krewe of Jupiter, and Krewe of Poseidon(new for 2010) which offer more of a traditional New Orleans-style parade. All parades take place downtown, with the exception of the annual Southdowns parade, which runs through the Southdowns subdivision just south of Downtown.
Houma.
Houma hosts a significant Mardi Gras celebration of ten parades, two of which roll on Mardi Gras day, and the others on the two weekends preceding the big day. King Houmas rules on Fat Tuesday itself. Law enforcement officials estimated that in 2008, more than 150,000 people lined the route of his parade. Mardi Gras has been celebrated annually in Houma since 1947. "Krewe of Hercules", "Krewe of Aquarius", "Krewe of Hyacinthians", "Krewe of Titans", "Krewe of Aphrodite", "Krewe of Mardi Gras", "Krewe of Terreanians", "Krewe of Cleopatra", "Krewe of Houmas", and the "Krewe of Kajuns" make up the ten parades. Houma is about 60 miles southwest of New Orleans.
Lafayette.
Lafayette is home to the state's second largest Mardi Gras celebration, which includes eight parades of floats and bands during the Carnival season. The first parade, ten days before Mardi Gras, is the celebrity-led "Krewe of Carnivale en Rio Parada", featuring over 600 riders. Parade royalty on Fat Tuesday includes King Gabriel and Queen Evangeline, named for the hero and heroine of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's epic poem; and King Toussaint L'Ouverture and Queen Suzanne Simonet, named for the great Haitian historical leaders. Mardi Gras parades have been an annual tradition in Lafayette since 1934. Recent attendance on Mardi Gras day has been estimated as high as 250,000 by police spokespersons. The first formal Mardi Gras ball and parade in Lafayette dates back to 1869.
In 1897, King Attakapas, the first Lafayette Mardi Gras king was crowned. He rode into town on a Southern Pacific train decorated to look like a royal throne and led the parade. After 1897, formal Mardi Gras parades and balls seemed to come and go until 1934 when the Southwest Louisiana Mardi Gras association was formed by representatives from civic and service organizations to ensure that Lafayette would always have a Mardi Gras celebration.
Lake Charles.
Lake Charles hosts a family-friendly Mardi Gras celebration with nine parades. With over 50 krewes, it is second only to New Orleans in the number of krewes in Louisiana. The Lake Charles Mardi Gras celebration is unique in that it is the only place in Louisiana where the public is invited to see the costumes of the all the krewes in one place, at the Lake Charles Civic Center. Mardi Gras began in Lake Charles as early as 1882 when King Momus landed on the lakefront to begin the celebration. With the onset of the World Wars, Mardi Gras in Lake Charles was not celebrated as much, but was revived in the latter part of the century. This celebration begins in Lake Charles on January 6 each year. The last parade is the Krewe of Krewes Parade in downtown Lake Charles. Mardi Gras in Lake Charles regularly draws 150,000 people. In addition, Mardi Gras can be enjoyed in Lake Charles year round at the Mardi Gras Museum of Imperial Calcasieu, which features elaborate costumes and an interactive float. This museum houses the world's largest collection of Mardi Gras costumes.
New Roads.
New Roads hosts the state's oldest Mardi Gras celebration outside New Orleans . The family-friendly celebration has been an annual event since 1922 and includes two parades on Fat Tuesday: the Community Center Carnival parade, one of the nation's oldest African-American sponsored events, which rolls in the morning; and the New Roads Lions Carnival parade, the first-known Mardi Gras parade to be staged as a charitable fundraiser, which rolls in the afternoon. Each parade consists of as many as 30 floats built fresh each year, and 10 marching bands and drill units. Law enforcement officials have estimated New Roads parade attendance as high as 80,000.
Shreveport.
Shreveport, located in the Northwestern corner of the state, has numerous krewes, including several that don't parade. Some of them include Atlas, Sobek, Harambee, Centaur, Gemini, Highland, and Asclepius. Thousands of people come to Shreveport to see the parades each year. History has it that Shreveport was said to had Mardi Gras parades beginning after the Civil War. However, the Great Depression ended the celebration for years. In 1989 the parade tradition was renewed by the Krewe of Gemini parade. With their New Orleans style floats, Gemini has grown to the biggest krewe in Shreveport, peaking at over 300 members a couple of years ago.
Courir de Mardi Gras.
In parts of Cajun country, such as Eunice, Basile, Church Point and Mamou, the traditional "Courir de Mardi Gras" (French for the "Mardi Gras Run") is still held. "Le Capitaine" leads masked men on horseback to gather ingredients for making the communal meal (usually a gumbo). Participants gather in costume and move from home to home requesting ingredients for the night's meal. This rural Mardi Gras draws on traditions that are centuries old. Revelers sing "La Chanson de Mardi Gras", a song echoing medieval melodies.
People escape from ordinary life partly through the alcohol many consume in their festive quest, but more so through the roles they portray in costume. As they act out their parts in a wild, gaudy pageant, they are escaping from routine existence, freed from the restraints that confine them every other day of the year.
Other Louisiana cities.
Other Louisiana cities holding Mardi Gras parades include Bogalusa, Chalmette, Columbia, Covington, Gretna, Kaplan, La Place, Mandeville, Minden, Monroe, Natchitoches, Slidell, Springhill, and Thibodaux.
Because of violent activities of the American terrorist group, the Ku Klux Klan, Louisiana has a state law prohibiting the wearing of hoods and masks in public. Mardi Gras is one of the occasions when exceptions are allowed, as are Halloween celebrations and religious observance.
Michigan.
Detroit.
Michigan's first Catholic settlers were French. The Fat Tuesday celebrations of modern times in Detroit stem from the more recent influence of the Polish Paczki Day.
Mississippi.
Gulf Coast.
Biloxi, Mississippi holds a traditional morning parade by the Gulf Coast Carnival Association (GCCA) and an afternoon parade by the Krewe of Neptune. Nearby Gulfport, holds a traditional night parade sponsored by the Krewe of Gemini. Other parades include evening events in Pascagoula, Ocean Springs, D'Iberville, Gautier, Waveland, Bay St. Louis, Long Beach, and Pass Christian, just to name a few. Damage from Hurricane Katrina led to deviations from traditional routes or parade cancellations in some locations in 2006.
Mardi Gras parades have since become a sign of rebuilding along the coast line. Traditions in Mississippi are closely tied into those of New Orleans, Louisiana. Typically the larger floats which casinos use in the Mississippi parades are rented from float builders in New Orleans. Schools on the Gulf Coast usually let out during the 2-day holiday so children can attend the parades. Much like Mobile and New Orleans, the Mississippi Gulf Coast has its own unique societies and Mardi Gras associations that participate in float building and annual balls. Most of these parades and balls operate along the largest main roads of the coast, Highways 90 and 49. Prior to Katrina, the Biloxi Parade consisted of a morning, noon and night parade. It has since decreased to two parades, GCCA first followed by the Krewe of Neptune.
Central Mississippi.
Vicksburg, located along the Mississippi River in central Mississippi, holds an annual Mardi Gras parade, along with a Mardi Gras ball.
Missouri.
St. Louis.
St. Louis, Missouri has a large Mardi Gras celebration. Although founded by French settlers in 1764 the city doesn't historically have a significant French Catholic population. The St. Louis Mardi Gras was started in the early 1980s by bored, drunk patrons of Hilary's bar in the Soulard neighborhood adjacent to downtown, when they decided to march to another neighboring bar. Over the years, what started as a private party has grown in size and scale, attracted major corporate sponsorship, and is a huge part of the tourism economy of St Louis. The event sometimes attracts hundreds of thousands of revelers, with 200,000–250,000 estimated in attendance in 2011. The size of the crowd varies considerably from year to year, with the weather being the biggest factor in determining crowd size. On the second Saturday before Mardi Gras, there is a family-oriented "Krewe of Barkus" pet parade with corporate sponsorship by Beggin' Strips. Participants consist of anyone who dresses up their pet in costume, and walks their pet along the parade route. The parade is followed by the informal Wiener dog races. Then, on the Saturday before Fat Tuesday, the more adult-oriented, flesh-for-beads parade occurs, although there have been various attempts to reserve a family section at one end of the route. People from all over storm the streets with beers and bead necklaces after the Saturday parade. The streets of Soulard, Geyer, Allen, Russell, Ann, Shenandoah, and others are crowded with people from 7th to 12th Street. The Fat Tuesday parade occurs in the evening. In recent years it has been moved from just north of Soulard to downtown St. Louis. The majority of the overall Mardi Gras festivities have corporate sponsorship, primarily from Anheuser-Busch and Southern Comfort. In 2006, this led to an investigation by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau and the Missouri Division of Alcohol and Tobacco Control into the legality of Mardi Gras Inc.'s sponsorship deals.
Oklahoma.
Tulsa.
In 2010, Tulsa began holding an annual Mardi Gras parade through its downtown Blue Dome District.
Oregon.
Portland.
In 2010, a group of Louisiana expatriates and friends founded the Mysti Krewe of Nimbus Mysti Krewe of Nimbus to bring Mardi Gras and Louisiana culture to the Pacific Northwest and Portland in particular. Lacking in any formal Mardi Gras festivities, the Krewe held the first Portland Mardi Gras Ball Portland Oregon's Mardi Gras Ball the Saturday before Mardi Gras.
The Ball is now in it's fourth year. Krewe activities have grown to include a Mardi Gras Day parade on Mississippi Avenue, a float entry in the annual Rose Festival Starlight Parade and second line parades at the Safeway Waterfront Blues Festival.
Pennsylvania.
Philadelphia.
There is an unofficial celebration of Mardi Gras on South Street every year. There is a noticeable police presence because of widespread drunkenness and looting that occurred among some of the younger participants in 2001. Local restaurants include New Orleans' themes, such as Fat Tuesday's, Les Bon Temps, and Nola's.
Texas.
Galveston.
Galveston, Texas is home to the largest Mardi Gras festival in Texas attracting up to 200,000 revelers to the island each year. The celebration in Galveston dates back 1867 when it consisted of merely a masked ball and a theatre performance of Shakespeare's "King Henry IV." The emergence of rival Krewes the "Knights of Momus" and the "Knights of Myth" created the first extravagant Mardi Gras celebration in 1871. The island tradition now includes many night parades, masked balls and exquisite costumes. The current Mardi Gras was revived in 1985 by George P. Mitchell; unlike its New Orleans counterparts, there are no celebrations held on the Monday prior to Fat Tuesday. Since 1987, the Galveston Park Board has managed the event despite its struggles and successes.
Prior to Hurricane Ike, promoters from the Galveston Park Board usually charge admission fees on the first weekend during the Mardi Gras season kickoff. Around 2007, the Park Board slashed $800,000 in their budget due to budget deficits where they decided to drop the admission fee for the 2008 season along with live music performances. After Ike's devastation on Galveston Island, there was no admission charge in 2009 and 2010 - it was believed at the time that Mardi Gras! Galveston was becoming like its New Orleans counterpart with no admission revenues imposed. An editorial by the Galveston County Daily News in 2007 suggested that Mardi Gras should be managed and operated like Dickens on the Strand as a manageable event under a nonprofit like the Galveston Historical Foundation similar to the Port Arthur, TX Mardi Gras (produced by Mardi Gras of Southeast Texas, Inc). Around April 2010, Galveston businessman Mike Dean, who runs Yaga's Entertainment, Inc. (the producer of the annual Galveston Food and Wine Festival and Chili Quest Festival), entered into a bidding process to become the new Mardi Gras promoter from 2011 – 2015 under a five-year contract, made official on November 18, 2010 as voted on by members of the Galveston City Council. The admission fee has returned – which now includes both weekends prior to Fat Tuesday despite the hiring of 30 security officers to augment local law enforcement. Statistics from the Galveston Convention and Visitor's Bureau have stated that with the admission fees for both weekends, crime has dropped 50% and Galveston Police Chief Charles Wiley is backing the admission fee despite opposition from Downtown Galveston businesses on The Strand and Mechanic Street. Revelers and vendors who usually frequent Mardi Gras on Galveston Island have concerns that the admission fee will bring fewer attendees along with financial uncertainty when the Park Board sold admission tickets prior to the 2008 season. The March 5, 2011 Knights of Momus Parade attracted 20,000 revelers within the Strand while the crowd estimate during the entire Mardi Gras season is 250,000. Vendors and Downtown Galveston businesses have reported a drop in their sales despite the promoter bringing more live music, parades, and added security which includes metal detectors and bag checks. As a downside, Yaga's Entertainment Inc. incorporated the rules and regulations modeled on Mardi Gras DFW – including a prohibition on professional video and still camera equipment within the Strand Entertainment District. Ticket sales for the first weekend of the 2012 season dropped to 30% during the first weekend despite the numerous complaints vented at Yaga's Entertainment, Inc. - Dean stated that the admission charge will remain indefinitely until the existing 5-year contract with the City of Galveston is up for renewal. Admission pricing at the entry gates averaged $17 where discounted $8 tickets were available from the Yaga's Entertainment Inc. website (www.YagasPresents.com). Decreased ticket revenue was also attributed to the cold temperatures and high winds on the first weekend, and heavy precipitation on the second weekend - changes for the 2013 season would include contingency planning where events can be rescheduled by time shifts. As of January 2013, the $17 admission fee is still imposed by Yaga's Entertainment - one Strand business, Crow's Southwest Cantina, has circulated a petition since Dean is allegedly profiteering but has stated that a free Mardi Gras is unsustainable. Houston TV station KTRK has stated that Mardi Gras! Galveston is becoming too expensive where local merchants are losing out just to pay to be on a public street. Galveston Convention Center and Visitor Bureau chair Leah Cast stated on FOX 26 Houston that charging the admission fees brings in a quality event inclusive of Grammy-nominated musicians and balcony parties. A few Strand-area businesses claim that the admission fee keeps out the undesirable elements - during the February 9, 2013 festivities in the Strand Entertainment District, seven revelers who refused to leave the entertainment district were arrested by the Galveston Police Department during the street sweep where the police clear The Strand of all revelers. Angry revelers threw beer bottles, trash cans, and barricade fencing at the police where video footage were posted on YouTube. Over a year later during the March 1, 2014 Mardi Gras weekend, the same incident was repeated but Galveston Police officers fired tear gas at 19 partygoers who refused to comply with the police order to disperse.
Port Arthur.
Port Arthur began celebrating Mardi Gras in 1993.
Dallas.
Dallas, Texas is home to a Mardi Gras celebration, MystiQal.
Wisconsin.
La Crosse.
La Crosse has held a Mardi Gras celebration since 1991. Originally the celebration and its fund-raising efforts were used to provide assistance for Catholic school tuition within the Coulee Catholic Schools system. Now, in addition to the Coulee Catholic Schools, the event provides funding to the Boy Scouts of America, Girl Scouts of the USA, the Boys & Girls Clubs, and the YMCA. The La Crosse Mardi Gras includes a formal costume ball and a family and community festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20858122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858122" title="Chixoy River">
Chixoy River

The Chixoy River or Río Negro is a river in Guatemala. The river is called Río Negro from its sources in the highlands of Huehuetenango and El Quiché until it reaches the Chixoy hydroelectric dam (located at ), where the Río Salamá and Rio Carchela converge with the Río Negro. After the Chixoy dam, the river is called Río Chixoy and flows northwards, marking the departmental limits between Alta Verapaz and El Quiché, until it reaches the border with Mexico. From there on it continues along the border for another 113 km as the Salinas river until it finally converges with the Río la Pasión (at ) to form the Usumacinta river which flows into the Gulf of Mexico. 
The Chixoy river's water discharge of 551 m3/s is Guatemala's highest. This was one of the main reasons for selecting this river for the construction of the Chixoy Hydroelectric dam. Guatemala's National Institute for Electricity (INDE) is planning the construction of another hydroelectric dam on the Chixoy river. The proposed location of the Xalalá hydroelectric dam is situated at . in the municipality of Ixcán, El Quiché.

</doc>
<doc id="20858133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858133" title="Igrita">
Igrita

Igrita is a town in Rivers State, Nigeria. The main ethnic group in Igrita are the Igbo people.

</doc>
<doc id="20858157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858157" title="Carrer d'Aragó, Barcelona">
Carrer d'Aragó, Barcelona

Carrer d'Aragó is a major thoroughfare in Barcelona, one of the widest and busiest roads of the districts it cuts through, especially Eixample but also Sant Martí. Its creation was passed in 1863, and was part of Ildefons Cerdà's urban plan, appearing as "L Street" in 1867, even though that name was never approved. Instead, another name, a reference to the Crown of Aragon, was proposed in 1863 by Víctor Balaguer, who was commissioned by the city council to rename all the streets in the area. Its Spanish-language rendition, Calle de Aragón, was the official designation back then. It starts in Carrer de Tarragona and it becomes Rambla de Guipúscoa at the intersection with Carrer de Lope de Vega.
Transport.
Railway.
From the 1930s to the 1950s, the street was crossed by trains on open-air railtracks. Nowadays there's an open railway station between the intersection of Aragó with Avinguda Meridiana and the one with Carrer del Clot called El Clot-Aragó.
Metro.
On one hand, line L3 of the Barcelona Metro has two stations in differents area of Eixample: one is at the very beginning of the street, by Carrer de Tarragona, called Tarragona. The second one is Passeig de Gràcia, under the street of the same name. Its original name, however, was "Aragón", and was a separate station in the metro network.
On the other hand, the eastern part of Carrer d'Aragó is the passageway though which L2 runs. Its stations include Clot, interconnected with El Clot-Aragó railway station, served by L1 and L2, and the L2-only stations Bac de Roda, Sant Martí and, if counting Rambla de Guipúscoa as part of the same road, also La Pau.

</doc>
<doc id="20858169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858169" title="Puddefjorden">
Puddefjorden

Puddefjorden is an inlet or fjord in central Bergen, Norway. An arm of Byfjorden, Puddefjorden is 3.5 km long and stretches from the tip of the Nordnes peninsula to the bay of Solheimsviken at the entrance to Store Lungegårdsvann. The fjord is 1.2 km at its widest, between Nordnes and inner Laksevåg. The innermost part of the fjord, known as Damsgårdssundet, is far more narrow, scarcely 100 m wide at the narrowest. The fjord is located next to some of Bergen's most important industry areas, and has played a significant part in the city's development and industrialisation.
History.
Despite being situated in Bergen, Puddefjorden has not played a major role in the city's early history. The fjord experiences strong currents and has numerous small islets, rendering boat passage dangerous. Furthermore, its innermost parts used to lightly freeze over during winters. As such, Vågen has been a highly preferred entrance for water-craft traffic.
The ice, islets and the strong current caused the kings of Alrekstad (today known as Årstad) to avoid using Puddefjorden. The ice also stopped an invasion attempt by Kristoffer Throndsen in 1536, when Puddefjorden went all the way in to what is now known as Lille Lungegårdsvann.
Puddefjorden was originally not considered a part of Bergen, but rather a nearby area. This view held until around mid-1800. The fjord's north eastern side belonged to the city, however, and scattered habitations appeared there at the end of the 17th century, later becoming the neighbourhoods Møhlenpris and Nøstet.
The original Puddefjorden was both longer and broader than it is today, but after extensive industrialisation of the nearby areas in the 19th century, the fjord's form was altered. Formerly, the Puddefjord was wrapped around the city, ending only a few blocks away from Vågen. Following the final filling of the strait between Lille Lungegårdsvannet and Store Lungegårdsvannet in 1926, the fjord now stops by Store Lungegårdsvannet.
Bridges.
The first bridge across Puddefjorden was the first Nygård Bridge, opened in 1851. Since that time, three additional bridges have been built across the fjord; the New Nygård Bridge (1978), the Second New Nygård Bridge (2008), and the Puddefjord Bridge (1956). The former three cross the entrance to Store Lungegårdsvann, while the fourth spans the fjord between Møhlenpris and Gyldenpris.
Environment.
Long term industry has had an environmental effect on the fjord, and its sediment has become polluted with PCB and mercury. There has never been a thorough record of the poisons released into Puddefjorden, and both smaller businesses and locals have used Store Lungegårdsvann as a disposal area. As a result, Puddefjorden is now divided into five sub-areas and the rinsing process is estimated to cost around ten million kroner.

</doc>
<doc id="20858182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858182" title="Friedrich Gerhard">
Friedrich Gerhard

Friedrich Gerhard (24 July 1884 – 16 May 1950) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion. He won two Olympic medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20858191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858191" title="Theobald von Oer">
Theobald von Oer

Theobald Reinhold Freiherr von Oer (9 October 1807 – 1885 in Coswig) was a German painter, illustrator and etcher. He is notable for his portraits, genre paintings and historic paintings. He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
Early life.
Theobald von Oer, born at Haus Nottbeck, Stromberg, was the son of a Westphalian district administrator. His younger brother Maximilian Joseph Franz of Oer (1806–1846) was a writer. Even in his childhood von Oer liked to paint and to draw, and was talented. At the age of 12, he fell ill with scarlet fever and lost his hearing as well as parts of his speech.
Adult life.
At 19, von Oer started with studies at the Royal Academy of Arts Dresden (today the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts). He proved himself exceptionally talented and quickly changed to further studies to the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, under the teaching of W. von Schadow. In 1836, he and architect H. Matthäi travelled together through the Netherlands and Belgium, eventually arriving at Paris, visiting various French artists. In 1837 he travelled through Southern France into the Italian cities Rome, Capri, and Ischia. His main emphasis was the art of painting historical scenes, however, he painted various landscapes and portraits. His journey to Italy also had much influence on his style, notably on his landscapes and portraits. After returning to Germany, he returned to Dresden, becoming a professor at the academy of the arts. The "Princess Gallitzin with her friends" from the year 1864, is one of his best known commissioned works. He died in 1885, in Coswig.
References.
1. Literature: D. Westhoff, Die Italienreise von Theobald Reinhold von Oer: 1837-1839. 2 vol. Frankfurt on Main, Univ. Master's thesis, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20858203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858203" title="1966–67 Balkans Cup">
1966–67 Balkans Cup

The 1966–67 Balkans Cup was an edition of the Balkans Cup, a football competition for representative clubs from the Balkan states. The 1966–67 edition was won by Fenerbahçe of Turkey, who defeated AEK Athens of Greece in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20858204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858204" title="Edward L. Brown">
Edward L. Brown

Edward Lothrop Brown (September 7, 1805 – February 9, 1876) was a physician and political figure. He represented Horton township from 1847 to 1859 and Kings County from 1863 to 1871 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Horton, Nova Scotia, the son of Charles Brown and Frances Lothrop. He was educated in Pennsylvania, receiving a M.D. in 1829. He died in Horton at the age of 70.
His brother John L. Brown also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20858213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858213" title="Abortion in Uruguay">
Abortion in Uruguay

Abortion in Uruguay was legalized on request.
The punishment for having an abortion was 3 to 12 months in prison, while performing an abortion was punishable by 6 to 24 months in prison. A judge may mitigate the pregnant woman's sentence in certain circumstances. These included economic hardship, risk for the woman's life, rape, or family honor.
On Nov. 11th, 2008, the Senate of Uruguay voted 17 to 13 to support a bill which de-criminalized abortion in their country. This bill was vetoed by President Tabaré Vázquez on November 14 of the same year.
In December 2011, the Uruguayan Senate voted 17 to 14 to support a bill which would de-criminalize abortion in their country. The bill would allow abortion after 12 weeks (fetal age 10 weeks) in cases of rape or incest. President Jose Mujica has said he would sign the bill if it passed the Chamber of Deputies of Uruguay. The Chamber of Deputies voted and passed the bill.
Abortion methods and results.
Before abortion was legalized, Uruguay's women suffered 20,000 hospitalizations because of unsafe abortion every year, until a harm reduction strategy was adopted to enable women to initiate medical abortion at home. Medical abortion is non-surgical, so it does not introduce instruments into the womb; danger of infection from septic abortion is therefore much lower.
History.
Abortion was made illegal in Uruguay in 1938. Girls and women died every year from complications of unsafe abortions. However, in 2004 a team of professionals including gynaecologists, midwives, psychologists, nurses and social workers founded a group called "Iniciativas Sanitarias" (“Health Initiatives”). As part of a larger goal to promote sexual and reproductive health as a basic human right, they focussed on unintended or unwanted pregnancies and their consequences. They believe that women should not have to pay for abortion with their lives and that pregnant women have a right to health information and emotional support as well as post-abortion medical care. Their group aims to provide both respect and confidentiality.
In 2012 a law was passed that allows abortion; many politicians and advocacy groups are against it, and a plebiscite shall be held on the matter and the political positions are varied, with leaders from all the parties that think differently.

</doc>
<doc id="20858233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858233" title="2006 Speedway World Cup Race-off">
2006 Speedway World Cup Race-off

The 2006 Speedway World Cup Race-off was the third race of the 2006 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 20, 2006 in the Smallmead Stadium in Reading, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20858246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858246" title="List of astrological organizations">
List of astrological organizations

This is a list of notable astrological organizations. 

</doc>
<doc id="20858266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858266" title="John Lothrop Brown">
John Lothrop Brown

John Lothrop Brown (November 15, 1815 – January 13, 1887) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Kings County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1859 to 1863.
He was born in Horton, Nova Scotia, the son of Charles Brown and Frances Lothrop. Brown married Elizabeth Whidden. He died in Wolfville, Nova Scotia at the age of 72.
His brother Edward L. Brown also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20858268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858268" title="Jessica Parker Kennedy">
Jessica Parker Kennedy

Jessica Parker Kennedy (born October 3, 1984) is a Canadian actress. known for her appearances on television series such as "Smallville", "Undercovers" and "Kaya". She is currently starring in the latest Starz Original, "Black Sails".
Early life.
Jessica Parker Kennedy is of Italian, Russian and African descent. 
Career.
She is known for her recurring portrayal of the comic book character Plastique, in the TV series, "Smallville". 
Kennedy played the role of Tami in the 2008 comedy film "Another Cinderella Story" and the recurring character of Natalee on the 2007 television series "Kaya" on MTV.
Kennedy was originally cast in the J. J. Abrams-produced 2010 spy drama series "Undercovers" as the younger sister of the female lead, played by Gugu Mbatha-Raw, but was later replaced by Mekia Cox. Kennedy played Melissa in the CW series "The Secret Circle", until the show was cancelled after its first season in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20858269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858269" title="Chester Harvey Rowell">
Chester Harvey Rowell

Chester Harvey Rowell (November 1, 1867 - April 12, 1948) was an early leader of the progressive movement in California.
Born in Bloomington, Illinois, he earned a degree from the University of Michigan in 1888. He studied three years in Europe, including terms at the Universities of Halle, Berlin, Paris and Rome. In 1898 he became the editor and manager of the "Fresno Morning Republican", the newspaper founded by his uncle Dr. Chester Rowell. He remained as editor for 22 years.
In 1907, he was the co-founder and chairman (1907-1911) of the Lincoln-Roosevelt League, a coalition of progressive Republican activists. The league was instrumental in the election of Hiram Johnson as governor of California. In 1912, Rowell was a member of the sub-committee that wrote the national platforms for both the Republican and Progressive parties.
Later, Rowell was a lecturer in journalism at the University of California, Berkeley (1911) and in political science at Stanford University (1927-1934). He was editor of the San Francisco Chronicle (1932-1939). He was a member of the University of California Board of Regents from 1914 until shortly before his death in 1948.
He also served on the board of trustees for Science Service, now known as Society for Science & the Public, from 1921-1923.
Rowell is sometimes confused with his uncle, Dr. Chester Rowell (1844-1912), a Fresno physician, California State Senator (1880-1882, 1899-1901, 1903-1905), University of California regent (1891-1912), and mayor of Fresno (1909-1912).

</doc>
<doc id="20858272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858272" title="Stromberg, Oelde">
Stromberg, Oelde

Stromberg is a quarter of Oelde with 4558 inhabitants. It lies to the southeast of Oelde on Bundesstraße 61, in the district of Warendorf and the region of Münster. The Baroque philosopher Hermann Nicephorus and the 18th-century artist Theobald von Oer were both born here.

</doc>
<doc id="20858285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858285" title="Emibai Jinnah">
Emibai Jinnah

Emibai Jinnah (; 1878 – 1893), was a cousin and the first wife of Muhammad Ali Jinnah – founder of Pakistan.
Personal life.
Emibai’s marriage with Mohammad Ali Jinnah took place in 1892. She was 14 and he was 16. Only Nikkah was solemnized and the rukhsati was to take place later on. Shortly after the marriage, Jinnah left for England. When he returned, his bride had died. Struck by the tragedy, Jinnah didn’t marry for a long time.

</doc>
<doc id="20858305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858305" title="Calystegia stebbinsii">
Calystegia stebbinsii

Calystegia stebbinsii is a rare species of morning glory known by the common name Stebbins' false bindweed. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of California, where it is known from only two spots in El Dorado and Nevada Counties. It grows in unique habitat in chaparral on gabbro soils. It is a federally listed endangered species.
Description.
"Calystegia stebbinsii" is a perennial herb producing climbing, white haired, vine-like stems approaching a meter in maximum length. The leaves are up to about 5 centimeters long and palmate in shape with 7 to 9 long, narrow lobes; the distinctive shape of the leaves make the plant easy to identify among the morning glories native to the region. 
The inflorescence bears flowers atop long peduncles, each flower about 3 centimeters wide and white or cream-yellow in color, sometimes tinted with pink. They are pollinated by bees and other insects. Like many other chaparral plants, this species has seeds which are stimulated to germinate by exposure to wildfire. It also reproduces via rhizome.
Conservation.
The plant's type specimen was collected by G. Ledyard Stebbins in 1970 outside of Placerville, California. The species was described to science and named for him in 1974. The plant is known from only two locations, each containing a scattering of occurrences. Both locations are on the Pine Hill intrusion, a section of gabbro-based rock that oozed as magma into the surrounding rock and then solidified there, eventually becoming exposed as the softer rock around them eroded away. This gabbro intrusion yields red-colored soil that is rich in heavy metals, and some plants are adapted to this kind of substrate. "C. stebbinsii" grows on the gabbro soil as well as the similar serpentine soil that can also be found in the intrusion. Other species are completely limited to the gabbro sections. The Pine Hill Ecological Reserve was established to protect these unique and often rare plant species.
At the time it was placed on the endangered species list, at least one third of the known occurrences of the plant had been destroyed, mostly by development of its habitat. Most of the sites that still existed were in danger of destruction. With destruction and fragmentation of the habitat come associated activity such as road construction, trash dumping, off-road vehicle use, and herbicides.
The plant does not tolerate shade, and when the brush around it grows too high and shades it out, it does not survive. This suggests it requires disturbance, such as wildfire, to clear the overgrowth. Fire suppression is detrimental. Protected and managed areas of the habitat undergo controlled burns.

</doc>
<doc id="20858315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858315" title="Mark Crilley">
Mark Crilley

Mark Crilley is an American manga creator and children's book author/illustrator. He is the creator of "Miki Falls", "Akiko", and "Brody's Ghost". He is also noted for his instructional videos for drawing on Youtube in various styles, including manga-styles. He was at one point an English teacher in Fukushima, Japan as well as Taiwan.
Akiko.
Akiko is an American comic book series written and drawn by Mark Crilley and published by Siri Entertainment. The series ran for fifty two issues and was a thirteen-time Eisner nominee. The comics have spawned a series of ten children novels from Random House Children's Books. The collection includes:
Akiko on the Planet Smoo (March 2001)
Akiko in the Sprubly Islands (September 2001)
Akiko and the Great Wall of Trudd (March 2001)
Akiko in the Castle of Alia Rellapor (September 2001) (ends adaptations from comic)
Akiko and the Intergalactic Zoo (April 2002) (original stories begin)
Akiko and the Alpha Centauri 5000 (March 2003)
Akiko and the Journey to Toog (September 2003)
Akiko The Training Master (February 2005)
Akiko Pieces of Gax (November 2006)
Akiko Flights of Fancy
Akiko and the Missing Misp (November 2008)
The story has been described as a cross between The Wizard of Oz and Star Wars, centering on the adventures of Akiko, a Japanese American girl, on and around the planet Smoo, and other whimsical lands. She is accompanied by her alien friends, Mr. Beeba the well-read professor, the courageous but impulsive Spuckler, Gax the worn down, kind robot, and Poog, the Toogolian, floating, purple head.
Miki Falls.
Miki Falls is an OEL manga series created by Mark Crilley and published by HarperCollins under its HarperTeen imprint. It is structured as a four-volume series, each book taking place during one of the seasons over the course of a year. It follows the main protagonist Miki Yoshida in her senior year of high school, and she plans of making it the better year yet. However, a strange new boy arrives in town and Miki is going to find out what he's up to. It has been optioned for development as a feature film by Paramount and Brad Pitt's productions company.
Brody's Ghost.
Mark has announced in recent videos a new comic book series that is going to be published by Dark Horse Comics. The story, set in the near future, is that of a young man unaware of his Psychic abilities. Only when he is approached by a ghost girl named Thalia in need of his help he begins with a training process to awaken and master his powers.
Book One in the Brody's Ghost series was released 14 July 2010. Book Two was released in 2011. Book 3 was released in May 2012. Book 4 was released April 2013. Upon release, the series received positive feedback including a grade B+ from Detroit News's Eric Henrickson.
Brody's Ghost contains several differences from Crilley's previous work, Miki Falls. The story follows a male main character and contains more action and fighting sequences.
Personal life.
Crilley distributes drawing advice to artists via YouTube videos and his DeviantArt account. His YouTube videos teach beginners how to draw manga and anime characters. In August 2010, he starred in some how to draw videos for Funimation on demand. Mark Crilley's wife is Miki Crilley who is from Japan, and he named Miki Falls after. The two have a daughter, Mio, and a son, Matthew.
Common Phrases.
Mark Crilley has many notable phrases and words, he tends to go through "word spurts" using words like "Indicate" and "blushies".
His common opening phrase is "Hey, everybody! This is Mark Crilley, here back with another how to draw video.." and after doing his final monologue he ends with putting his pencil down and says a form of the following, "...it's time to lay the pencil down" then after thanking people for their support he says referring to his videos, "Thank you all for watching video and I'll be back with another one...real soon!". Whenever he is drawing he always likes to note that "This is not "the" way this is simply my way!" sometimes adding "...there is no real way, I'm sure there are many ways."
How to Draw Books.
Mark Crilley has two how to draw books: "Mastering Manga", and Mastering Manga 2: Level Up with Mark Crilley.

</doc>
<doc id="20858341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858341" title="Guy Sanderson">
Guy Sanderson

Wilfrid Guy Sanderson was Anglican Bishop of Plymouth from 1962 to 1972.
He was born on 17 August 1905 and educated at Malvern and Merton College, Oxford. After ordination he was a curate at Farnborough, Hampshire and then priest in charge of St Aidan’s Aldershot. After this he had incumbencies at Woodham, Surrey, Alton, Hampshire, Silverton, Devon and finally (before his ordination to the episcopate) Barnstaple where he was also archdeacon of the region. He died on 22 July 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20858342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858342" title="John Ross (Nova Scotia politician)">
John Ross (Nova Scotia politician)

John Ross (December 22, 1822 – ) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Victoria County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Churchville, Pictou County, Nova Scotia, the son of John Ross. In 1863, he married Christina Isabell McKay. He lived at Little Bras D'Or in Cape Breton County, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20858378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858378" title="Musical aptitude">
Musical aptitude

Musical aptitude (i.e. having a fine ear for music) is the ability to intuitively learn or appreciate music, and especially to distinguish off-key and off-pitch music. 
Music is ancient and one of the most special characteristics of humans. Some observations suggest that the ability to appreciate and to understand music does not require any musical training. Since we can see octave-based scales or preference of consonance over dissonance in every single type of music in every human culture, this could be considered to be evidence of innateness of music.
The rules of music have arisen independently in every human culture, and some of them also apply to the music perception of non-human species. This tells us that the rules have their basis in brain rather than in culture. Embryology researches have showed that basic auditory abilities, such as pitch discrimination and more complex capabilities like melody recognition, are already present in the early stages of development.
In music, tonal memory is the ability to recall or produce a previously sounded tone with voice or an instrument. Tonal memory assists with staying in tune and may be developed through ear training. Extensive tonal memory may be recognized as an indication of potential compositional ability.
Most of the music aptitude or talent described today is tonal memory, time discrimination and pitch discrimination.
History of musical aptitude researches and findings.
There is a long debate on whether one is born with a fine ear for music or whether one develops it over time by practice and training. Studies have shown that people with musical talent have certain regions of the brain more developed than those of other people. Recent scientific studies suggest that experience, and not genetics, affects musicians' brain responses and development.
The researches about musical aptitude have been focused on the two opposite edges of the musical abilities which are 'Absolute pitch(AP)' and Tone deafness (Amusia).
Absolute pitch.
Absolute pitch (or AP) is defined as an ability to effortlessly name a note or a group of notes without comparing it with any external reference tone when the notes are sounded. People with perfect pitch can produce the note in instrument or via voice when it is told. 
In 1988 Profita and Bidder studied 35 persons with perfect pitch, from 19 families, with a questionnaire that is about note-recognition capacity and musical exposure and training. Profita and Bidder (1991) concluded that there was a strong correlation between the occurrence of perfect pitch and learning disabilities.
By surveying more than 600 musicians in music conservatories, training programs, and orchestras, Baharloo et al. (1998) attempted to understand the contributions of genetic and early music training in development of absolute pitch. Early musical training seemed to be important but not sufficient for the development of absolute pitch. Forty percent of musicians who had begun training at 4 years of age or younger reported absolute pitch, whereas only 3% of who had begun training at or after 9 years of age did so. Self-reported AP possessors reported 4 times more AP possessors in their families than non-AP possessors. These data suggested that early musical training and genetic basis is needed for the development of AP.
Gregersen et al. (1999) made a survey of 2,707 music students at music conservatories and at the university and college music programs in the U.S. They also showed there is a strong correlation between the AP and the students in these schools whose ethnic backgrounds are Asian. This increased the possibility that AP is more common in Asian students in general. In another study, they found that Asian students had 32.1% prevalence compared to all other ethnic groups combined 7%.
For the AP group as a whole, the mean age of starting musical activities was 5.4 +/- 2.8 years, whereas for the non-AP group the mean age was 7.9 +/- 13.2 years (P less than 0.0001). This was observed for both Asian and non-Asian students.
Tone deafness.
Tone deafness is defined as lack of relative pitch, or the inability to differentiate between notes or inability to produce a note with/without a reference note. Being tone deaf is having difficulty or being unable to correctly hear relative differences between notes. People with amusia usually cannot produce a note when they hear even with a reference note.
Kalmus (1949) studied tune deafness in a group of students at University College in London. He found two kind of distribution in investigations, with frequent segregation in families and siblings. He suggested this might be caused by a unit gene substitution, possibly a dominant. Kalmus and Fry (1980) used the distorted tunes test in family studies. Segregation suggesting an autosomal dominant trait with imperfect penetrance' was found

</doc>
<doc id="20858381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858381" title="Rob Ambrose">
Rob Ambrose

Rob Ambrose (born July 30, 1970) is the current head coach of the Towson Tigers football team of Towson University. Ambrose was formerly the offensive coordinator of the UConn Huskies before being announced as Towson's head coach in December 2008. Ambrose played wide receiver for Towson in the early 1990s. Ambrose was selected as the Top FCS Coach for the 2011 season. In 2013, Towson advanced to the FCS National Championship Game for the first time in school history. Ambrose played his high school ball at Maryland's Middletown High School. 

</doc>
<doc id="20858382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858382" title="Tiefurt House">
Tiefurt House

Tiefurt House () is a small stately home on the Ilm in the Tiefurt quarter of Weimar, about 4km east of the city centre. It was the summer residence of duchess Anna Amalia of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.
History.
The house originated at the end of the 16th century as the tenant's house ("Pächterhaus") of a ducal estate ("Kammergut"), and was converted and extended in 1765. It consists of a main building, with an upper floor of 7 rooms, and a smaller auxiliary building connected to it. Charles Augustus granted it to his brother Constantine for his own court, under Constantine's tutor Karl Ludwig von Knebel in 1776. Four years later their mother selected it as her summer seat during a long absence of the prince. She and her two servants occupied the upper floor, with her courtier, Luise von Göchhausen, in the auxiliary building. For around 25 years the castle was Anna Amalia's favourite residence and the centre of a circle of poets, as part of Weimar Classicism.
On the duchess's death in 1807 the building became neglected, though Charles Augustus's son Charles Frederick began renovation work within Goethe's lifetime. In 1907 it opened to the public as a museum, and from 1978 to 1981 it was restored to its 1800 decor, with the sequence of rooms restored to that of Anna Amalia's time.
Park.
On the nearby meadow was a landscape garden in the English style, also open to the public. Schiller is buried in the grand-ducal burial chamber in the grounds. The well-known landscape gardener Eduard Petzold was put in charge of the gardens during the 19th-century renovations. 

</doc>
<doc id="20858383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858383" title="2006 Speedway World Cup Final">
2006 Speedway World Cup Final

The 2006 Speedway World Cup Final was the fourth and last race of the 2006 Speedway World Cup season. It took place on July 22, 2006 in the Smallmead Stadium in Reading, Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20858387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858387" title="Coeducation in Kuwait">
Coeducation in Kuwait

Coeducation in Kuwait has been a contentious issue since the Islamists gained slight power in parliament in the 1996. However, the government has opposed the ban and does not adopt the ban thus certain universities are still co-ed. 
In 1996, conservative Kuwaiti lawmakers banned co-ed classes at the state universities and technical colleges, including Kuwait University. Compliance was lax until 1997, when Education Minister Misaed Haroun committed to segregation by the end of the next school year. In 2000, when foreign universities opened branches in Kuwait, the ban was extended to those institutions as well. However, the government has not adopted the ban since the early 2000s thus universities are still generally co-ed.
In 2008, MP Ali Al-Rashid proposed a bill that would reverse the 12-year-old ban on coeducation. On the topic, Al-Rashid said: "Kuwait University was established in the 1960s as a co-ed university. Segregating students only came in 1996. If we are to go back to the origin of things, Kuwait University then is originally a co-ed facility. Religion is clear about this subject." According to Al-Rashid, university teachers and officials have complained it has been difficult and costly to teach male and female students separately. Among Kuwait's neighbors, state universities are co-ed in Bahrain and Oman. 
In 2013, the legal and legislative committee of the Kuwaiti parliament endorsed a proposal that reverses the ban at all public and private universities in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20858404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858404" title="Amey Pandya">
Amey Pandya

Amey Pandya, (born September 3, 1998) is an Indian child actor active in Indian television and cinema.
Biography.
Born in Mumbai he is a student of Children’s Academy, Kandivali, Mumbai.
Career.
He had a role in Suraj Barjatya's blockbuster, "Vivah" in 2006, and was cast in "Ek Vivah Aisa Bhi" (2008). He has been in other ads including Dabur Honey (with Amitabh Bachchan), Sunfeast, Dabur Chavanshakti, Savlon and Alpenliebe (Perfetti).
He made his debut on the big screen with the role of "Rahul" in the film "Vivah" and also played the role of a child in the film "Swami" and "Laaga Chunari Mein Daag". He has also acted in the TV serials "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi", "Kaisa Ye Pyar Hai", and "Kesar". He performed on reality dance competition show "Zara Nachke Dikha" which aired on Star One (2008). He is currently in the jury council of "Surf Excel's Li'l Star Awards" and in Dill Mill Gaye playing a patient named Dhruv.

</doc>
<doc id="20858410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858410" title="Samuel Rettie">
Samuel Rettie

Samuel Rettie (January 23, 1818 – January 20, 1883) was a merchant, shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester County from 1871 to 1874 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Pictou, Nova Scotia, the son of John Rettie and Christine Gallie. In 1859, he married Elmira Cox. Rettie was a justice of the peace. He died in Truro at the age of 64.
Samuel Rettie is the Great-Great Uncle of Senator Jim Cowan.

</doc>
<doc id="20858412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858412" title="Duke Ellington's Sacred Concerts">
Duke Ellington's Sacred Concerts

In the last decade of his life, Duke Ellington wrote three Sacred Concerts:
Ellington called these concerts "the most important thing I have ever done". He said many times that he was not trying to compose a "mass." (liturgy). Critic Gary Giddins has characterized these concerts as Ellington bringing the Cotton Club revue to the church.
Concert of Sacred Music.
As early as October 1962, the Reverend John S. Yaryan approached Ellington about performing at the new Grace Cathedral in San Francisco. The cathedral was due to open in three to four years and all sorts of cultural events were to occur there in its first year. It was not until two years later that things such as the date and program were finalized.
The concert premiered on September 16, 1965, and was recorded for Public Television. The performance was released on CD as "A Concert of Sacred Music Live from Grace Cathedral" and on DVD as "Love You Madly/A Concert of Sacred Music at Grace Cathedral". The official album on RCA, "A Concert of Sacred Music", was recorded at two concerts at Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York on December 26, 1965. Additional material from these concerts, not found on the original album, can be found on the 24-CD box set "The Duke Ellington Centennial Edition: The Complete RCA Victor Recordings (1927-1973)". This concert is the only one to have compositions not specifically written for it. "New World A-Commin" and "Come Sunday" from "Black Brown and Beige" and "Heritage (My Mother, My Father)" from the show "My People" were performed in it. The song "In the Beginning God" was awarded a Grammy Award in 1967.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album five stars and stated "the concert taps into Ellington's roots in showbiz and African-American culture as well as his evidently deep religious faith, throwing it all together in the spirit of universality and sealing everything with the stamps of his musical signatures". 
Second Sacred Concert.
Ellington's "Second Sacred Concert" premiered at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York on January 19, 1968 but no recording of this actual performance has surfaced. The "Second Sacred Concert" was then recorded on January 22 and February 19, 1968 at Fine Studio in New York and originally issued as a double LP on Prestige Records and reissued on one CD, minus the tracks, "Don't Get Down On Your Knees To Pray Until You Have Forgiven Everyone" and "Father Forgive". All the tracks can be found in the 27-CD box set "The Duke Ellington Centennial Edition: The Complete RCA Victor Recordings (1927-1973)."
This concert is the first time Swedish singer Alice Babs recorded with the Ellington Orchestra. In the concert she sang "Heaven" and the wordless vocal, "T.G.T.T. (Too Good to Title)". Cootie Williams has a "growl" trumpet feature on "The Shepherd (Who Watches Over the Night Flock)". This piece is dedicated to Rev. John Garcia Gensel, Lutheran pastor to the jazz community. The climatic ending is "Praise God and Dance", which comes from Psalm 150.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars and stated "the material is fresh, not a patchwork of old and new like the first concert — and in an attempt to be as ecumenical as possible, Ellington reaches for novel techniques and sounds beyond his usual big band spectrum". 
Third Sacred Concert.
The "Third Sacred Concert" was built around the skills of Alice Babs, Harry Carney, and Ellington himself on the piano. It was premiered at Westminster Abbey in London, United Kingdom on October 24, 1973 and released on LP in 1975 but has only been issued on CD as part of the 24 disc "The Duke Ellington Centennial Edition: The Complete RCA Victor Recordings (1927-1973)" collection.
At this point in his life, Ellington knew he was dying. Author Janna Tull Steed has written that of all the concerts that Ellington is addressing God facing his mortality. Alice Babs sings "Is God a Three Letter Word for Love?" and "My Love". Tenor saxophonist Harold Ashby is featured on "The Brotherhood", which is a tribute to The United Nations.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 3 stars and stated "the weakest of the sacred concerts. It lacks the showbiz kick and exuberance of the first concert and even more eclectic impulses of the second, now burdened with a subdued solemnity and the sense that the ailing Ellington knew his time was drawing to a close (he would be dead exactly six months later)". 

</doc>
<doc id="20858415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858415" title="Cavalié Mercer">
Cavalié Mercer

Alexander Cavalié Mercer (28 March 1783 – 9 November 1868) was a British artillery officer. Although he rose to the rank of general, his fame is as commander of G Troop Royal Horse Artillery in the thick of the fighting at the Battle of Waterloo, and as author of "Journal of the Waterloo Campaign".
Mercer's six-gun horse artillery troop arrived too late for the Battle of Quatre Bras, but it fought with the cavalry rearguard covering the army's retreat to Waterloo. The troop fought on the extreme right wing of Wellington's army at Waterloo, before being moved into the thick of the fighting nearer the centre of the line. There it beat off repeated charges by French heavy cavalry, disobeying orders to abandon the guns and retire inside nearby infantry squares as the enemy closed. The location of this action is marked by a memorial on the Waterloo battlefield. After the battle, Mercer's troop marched on Paris with the Allied armies, and formed part of the army of occupation.
Mercer's "Journal" is an important source for historians of the Waterloo campaign, as well as a detailed description of the landscape and people of Belgium and France in the early 19th century. It is one of the few accounts of the period written by an artillery officer.
Mercer remained in the peacetime army, twice serving in Canada. He was a painter of some merit, and a number of his watercolours of Canadian landscapes were purchased by the National Gallery of Canada in the 1980s.
Before 1815.
Mercer was born in 1783 at Kingston-upon-Hull, Yorkshire, into a military family: his father was General Alexander Mercer of the Royal Engineers. He went to the Military Academy at Woolwich and was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Royal Regiment of Artillery in 1799 at the age of 16. He served in Ireland in the aftermath of the Irish Rebellion of 1798. He was promoted to second captain (a rank unique to the Ordnance) in 1806. Promotion in the Royal Artillery was very slow, especially in peacetime, as it relied solely on seniority. Unlike in the rest of the British Army of the time there was no opportunity for purchase of commissions in the Ordnance. Mercer was not breveted as a major until 1 March 1824, though this was then backdated to 12 August 1819.
Mercer was posted to G Troop Royal Horse Artillery around 1806 and joined Whitelocke's ill-fated Buenos Aires expedition in 1807. He did not serve in the Peninsular War and next saw war service in the Waterloo Campaign.
G Troop.
In 1815 Mercer was acting commander of what was officially G (Dickson's) Troop, Royal Horse Artillery, but is usually referred to as Mercer's Troop or Mercer's Battery. Its modern successor is G Parachute Battery (Mercer's Troop) Royal Horse Artillery, part of 7th Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, which currently serves in the field artillery role with 16 Air Assault Brigade, and is equipped with the L118 Light Gun.
G Troop served on the 1807 Buenos Aires expedition, but the G Troop of Waterloo was formed from the amalgamation of two other RHA troops before leaving Colchester for Belgium. It had the pick of the horses from each, and was therefore regarded as an exceptionally fine unit. When reviewing the cavalry at Grammont on 29 May 1815, Blücher is supposed to have said "there is not one horse in this battery that is not fit for a field marshal". The troop had five 9-pounder guns (which had recently replaced some of the RHA's 6-pounders) and a 5½" howitzer, 80 gunners, 86 drivers and 226 horses.
Waterloo Campaign.
Mercer's Troop embarked for Belgium on 11 April 1815, a few days after hearing of Napoleon's escape from Elba. From 1 May until the French invasion on 15 June it led a quiet life in the small village of Strijtem, west of Brussels. G Troop rode all day on 16 June, but arrived too late to participate in the Battle of Quatre Bras. It covered the retreat from Quatre Bras on 17 June, narrowly escaping capture by French cavalry. It was in action later the same day at Genappe with the cavalry rearguard.
Arriving on the field of Waterloo, Mercer's Troop briefly took up a firing position on the famous knoll behind the sandpit, which would feature in the fighting the following day. Mercer was still acting as rearguard for Wellington's army, not realising that the entire army had halted on the ridge immediately behind him. His troop exchanged fire with arriving French batteries before retiring.
After a miserable, hungry night in the mud and rain in the orchard of Mont St Jean farm, where Mercer is fabled to have drunk port from a chicken shaped goblet, Mercer found himself without orders in the opening phase of the battle, as d'Erlon's infantry attacked Wellington's left. He was about to lead his troop into action on his own initiative when he was ordered to the extreme right of the line. That was a quiet sector, but in common with much of Wellington's artillery, Mercer disobeyed orders to refrain from counter-battery fire. He engaged enemy guns, attracting heavy fire from superior enemy artillery in return.
In mid-afternoon Mercer's Troop was suddenly ordered into the hottest part of Wellingtons' line, between the crossroads and Hougoumont, where its position is now marked by a memorial. It deployed immediately behind the ridge road, which was on a low embankment. The bank provided excellent cover from enemy artillery and increased the effectiveness of Mercer's case-shot. The troop was between two squares of Brunswick infantry, whom Mercer regarded as unsteady. He was ordered to lead his men into the squares as cavalry closed, but decided they would be safer at their guns. Unlike all the other batteries in the sector, the troop's gunners never abandoned their guns to take refuge in the infantry squares.
Massed French heavy cavalry attacked repeatedly from about 3.15 pm. The Grenadiers à Cheval of the Imperial Guard were already emerging through the smoke at the trot as Mercer's guns deployed, so the troop opened fire with case-shot at close range, causing terrible casualties. The French hesitated, then the front ranks attempted to retreat as the rear ranks pushed forward, causing them to mill about under the execution of Mercer's guns before they eventually withdrew.
Before the second charge of the heavy cavalry, Mercer's Troop was harassed by close-range carbine fire from mounted French skirmishers, while Mercer held fire to conserve ammunition. To steady his men, Mercer promenaded across his troop's front on horseback, goading the enemy in French and attracting aimed but inaccurate carbine-fire in return.
The second main attack came on in columns, led by cuirassiers. Mercer's Troop waited for them, double-loaded with case-shot over ball, and fired at 50 or 60 yards. Mercer reported that the whole front rank of the enemy went down, with the round-shot tearing through the column behind. The ground became virtually impassable with dead and wounded horses and men, so the enemy could not close the gun-line. Under the rapid fire of Mercer's Troop and the Brunswick infantry, the enemy fell like "grass before the mower's scythe". The greatest danger to Mercer's men came between the charges, from French skirmishers and artillery.
The third and final charge stood little chance of reaching the guns. On each occasion individual cavalrymen passed between the guns, but only so as to escape to the British rear. As the third attack withdrew, the troop had to cease firing to allow the Duke of Wellington to pass along the road. Shortly afterwards Wellington's infantry advanced, leaving the guns on the ridge to engage masses of French troops in the valley below.
Towards the end of the action a battery established itself on the ridge to Mercer's left and fired into the flank of his troop, causing devastating casualties amongst the limber-horses. This battery was eventually driven off by fire from a newly arrived Belgian battery. The hostile battery may well have been Prussian but Mercer did not believe it, despite being told so by a Brunswick cavalry officer.
Due to its shortage of horses, the troop was unable to move when the general advance was ordered, and Mercer slept under a limber, amongst the dead and wounded.
The troop had 5 killed and 15 wounded and lost 69 horses at Waterloo. It expended 700 rounds of ammunition. Sir Augustus Frazer said, "I could plainly distinguish the position of G Troop from the opposite height by the dark mass of dead French cavalry which, even at that distance, formed a remarkable feature on the field."
After Waterloo.
Mercer's Troop stayed on the battlefield until 3 pm the following day, and Mercer spent the day touring the field, visiting Hougoumont and talking to the wounded. Once it had been rejoined by its ammunition and supply wagons, the troop moved off towards Nivelles, leaving some guns and carriages behind for lack of horses. It rejoined the Army near Mons on 21 June, and marched with it to the gates of Paris without seeing further action. It was ordered into cantonments at Colombes early in July 1815. Apart from two months of leave in England, Mercer spent much of the rest of the year enjoying tourist pursuits in Paris.
Mercer was transferred to command D Troop RHA at Stains, also near Paris, in July 1815 and he returned with it to England in January 1816.
After the campaign Mercer was put on half-pay from 31 July 1816 until 1821. Recalled to the peacetime army, he served twice in British North America, first as commander of the 6th company of the 5th battalion Royal Artillery at Quebec from 1823. He was breveted major in 1824, backdated to 1819. He returned to England in 1829 and held commands at Woolwich and Devonport. He was promoted lieutenant-colonel on 5 June 1835. He served again in British North America from 1837 to 1842, commanding the artillery in Nova Scotia during the 1837 border dispute with the United States which became known as the Aroostook War. He was promoted to colonel on 2 April 1846, to major-general on 20 June 1854 and to lieutenant-general on 29 August 1857. He was commandant of the Dover garrison before he retired from active service, but he was appointed Colonel Commandant 9 Brigade Royal Artillery on 16 January 1859, and as such he was never officially placed on the retired list. He was promoted to full general on 9 February 1865.
During his service in Lower Canada (1828–29) and Nova Scotia (1840–42) Mercer painted the watercolours which were acquired by the National Gallery of Canada in the 1980s.
Mercer married Frances (or Fanny) Rice on 10 November 1813 at Bourton on the Water, Gloucestershire, while he was stationed in Woodbridge, Suffolk ; she travelled with him to France after his leave in November 1815. They had one son, Cavalié A. Mercer, who edited the "Journal" after his father's death. Mercer and Fanny lived in Berkshire at the time of the Waterloo campaign, but in later life Mercer lived at Cowley Hill near Exeter. He died there on 9 November 1868 and is buried at St. David's Church, Exeter.
His "Journal of the Waterloo Campaign kept throughout the campaign of 1815" was published in 1870, after his death. It was written some 30 years earlier, from the original notes Mercer wrote contemporaneously, with additions and verifications from correspondence and other sources. It covers the period from April 1815 to January 1816, when Mercer returned to Canterbury with D Troop, with an interlude for his leave in England from September to November 1815. By Mercer's own admission he had little time to write his journal in the hectic few days before and after Waterloo, so his account may not be entirely reliable. The "Journal" is notable for its lengthy descriptions of the countryside and its people, and especially of Parisian life under the Allied occupation. Very little of it is devoted to military matters, and indeed Mercer does not seem to have devoted much time to command, spending most of his days in country walks, riding or tourism in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20858441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858441" title="Le Courrier du Vietnam">
Le Courrier du Vietnam

Le Courrier du Vietnam is the main French language newspaper published in Vietnam. It was first established in 1964 and has since been the most circulated French language news medium in Vietnam and Southeast Asia. Le Courrier du Vietnam also broadcasts French language and cultural programs (the latter usually in Vietnamese) weekly on VTV1, the primary news channel in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="20858455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858455" title="Henry Yeomans">
Henry Yeomans

Henry Yeomans (born 1805) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Hants County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in 1874 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Henry Yeomans. Yeomans was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1874 by-election held after William McDougall resigned his seat. He lived in Shubenacadie.

</doc>
<doc id="20858465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858465" title="Carol Mayo Jenkins">
Carol Mayo Jenkins

Carol Mayo Jenkins is an American actress (born 24 November 1938) who is most famous for having played Elizabeth Sherwood in seasons 1-5 of the T.V. series "Fame". She also appeared in the television shows "Models Inc.", "Matlock", and "Max Headroom".
She teaches acting at the University of Tennessee, where she appears frequently on the Clarence Brown Theatre stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20858476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858476" title="WLRB">
WLRB

WLRB is a daytimer radio station licensed to Macomb, Illinois on 1510 kHz. It broadcasts a Talk format.
Because WLRB shares the same frequency as clear-channel station WLAC in Nashville, Tennessee, WLRB broadcasts only during the daytime.
For a time, WLRB was running a Music of Your Life radio network, but Jones Radio Networks divested it in favor of its own Jones Standards format. As Dial Global acquired Jones, the "Jones Standards" network was dissolve and "America's Best Music" took its place. WLRB later switched to talk programming.
WLRB was owned by Prairie Radio Communications/WPW Broadcasting, Inc. until January 2009, when was bought by Nancy Foster's Colchester Radio, Inc. to become part of Prestige Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="20858501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858501" title="Squier Park, Kansas City, Missouri">
Squier Park, Kansas City, Missouri

Squier Park is a historic neighborhood in midtown Kansas City, Missouri, USA. It encompasses sixteen blocks bounded by Armour Boulevard on the north, 39th Street on the south, Troost Avenue on the west, and Paseo Boulevard on the east. It is primarily a residential neighborhood, with businesses along Troost Avenue. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2012.
History.
The neighborhood was developed between 1887 and 1915 by James J. Squier, and his son-in-law, Robert V. Jones. Because of its development along city transportation lines, Squier Park is considered an early streetcar suburb.
James Squier, Robert V. Jones and Early Development.
James J. Squier was born in Pennsylvania in 1836. He managed a hardware store in Cambridge, Ohio with his father in 1856 before moving to Chicago to open another store. In Chicago Squier began a highly successful career in cattle. In 1872 Squier moved to Kansas City to work as a cattle buyer for the Fowler packing house and eventually amassed a great fortune. Squier, along with several other wealthy Kansas Citians, founded Citizens' National Bank in 1882. In 1889, he founded Interstate National Bank, both primarily cattlemen's banks. Squier was known throughout Kansas City as a banker and capitalist.
Squier took pride in the country estate he built shortly after purchasing land between 36th and 41st Streets, Troost and The Paseo, outfitting it with a suitable residence, formal landscaping, a fishpond and deer park. Squier was aware that the Kansas City limits were moving further south and east, closer to his property. Seeing an opportunity, Squier began to divide his land into lots in the hopes of creating a residential development. But by 1900 only a small number of lots had dwellings constructed upon them, mostly north of what is now 37th Street.
James J. Squier died in 1900, leaving his estate to his wife and only daughter, Cora. Squier's wife, Mary, remained in the manor house, while Cora moved to the East Coast for education and society. There she met Robert Valentine Jones, a successful residential developer, whom she married in 1902 in a ceremony at Squier Manor. The couple lived in Philadelphia before returning to Cora Squier Jones' estate in 1908. Although most of the property had been subdivided 1887, the lots still stood empty. Inspired by the opportunity, Jones formed a real estate and mortgage company, the Manheim Realty & Investment Company, in 1908. Through the company, Jones developed a new plan to subdivide the land between 37th Street and 39th Street. 
Jones envisioned a cohesive neighborhood where the street layout responded to the topography of the land rather than the rigid orthogonal city grid. He wanted each house to have a unique design and to stand at the center of a spacious lot. He worked with a variety of prominent Kansas City architects, as well as builders and homeowners to design high-style dwellings throughout the subdivision. As a result, many of the homes south of 37th Street were constructed in 1909 and 1910. Construction continued steadily throughout the 1910s and into the 1920s. Many of the Manheim Realty & Investment Company homes contained such luxuries for the time as hot water heat, sleeping porches, and multiple bathrooms. 
By 1920, the neighborhood was filled with architect-designed homes and the curve of Manheim Road created a triangular lot landscaped as a park. Numerous prominent Kansas City architects designed homes in Squier Park, including Louis Curtiss, John McKecknie, Nelle E. Peters, Selby Kerfiss, and Smith, Rea & Lovitt. The wide variety of high-style designs in Squier Park illustrates the wealth of architectural styles popular in the early twentieth century and Jones' requirement that each house have a unique design. The predominantly single-family residential neighborhood contains multiple-family dwellings, educational facilities, and a small-scale commercial building integrated into the development. Because of the neighborhood's development along city streetcar lines, Squier Park is considered an early "streetcar suburb".
In 1925, Robert and Cora Jones divorced, selling the remainder of the property on which the original Squier Manor stood. The new owner demolished the residence that same year in preparation for developing the entire lot as "Squier Manor Community Center" which was to include apartment buildings, a row of businesses, a theater, and a hotel. This development never materialized and the block was subdivided in 1930 for residential development. In 1940, Bishop Lillis High School was constructed on the southeast quarter of the block. Ultimately, Jones' vision of a comprehensive cultural landscape was fully realized by the beginning of World War II.
Architecture & Design.
Squier Park has a wide variety of building designs reflecting the prolonged development in the neighborhood as well as the evolution of popular architectural styles popular during this period. The neighborhood developed in waves, from the 1880s on the north side of the neighborhood, to 1915 on the south side. Many of the homes on the south end of the area are architect-designed dwellings. In other areas of Squier Park, builders constructed multiple adjacent homes with the same basic design and slight variations.
The most common architectural styles represented in Squier Park are the Prairie School and Craftsman, with numerous examples of the Kansas City Shirtwaist variant. There are also examples of Folk Victorian dwellings as well as historical revival styles, including Colonial Revival, Classical Revival, and Tudor Revival. Other unique dwellings exhibit the Shingle and International Styles.
Squier Park's Heyday.
The original owners of Squier Park homes were upper-middle class citizens of Kansas City. They were attorneys, successful entrepreneurs, presidents, vice-presidents, and managers of various companies from automobiles and jewelry to lumber and iron. There were numerous high-ranking officials in the railroad industry. Others worked in more creative fields as artists and architects. Two notable residents of the neighborhood at this time were Michael Katz, co-owner of Katz Drug Store, and former baseball player Johnny Kling. Many early neighborhood residents were also members of the Beth Shalom Synagogue, located at 34th and Troost.
Decline and Redevelopment.
The Great Depression began a period of decline for Squier Park. Many of the large houses in the neighborhood were converted into rooming houses or were simply left vacant. After World War II, flight to the suburbs sent Kansas City's population into a steep decline. The population center of the city moved south and east, away from Squier Park, and Troost Avenue became a dividing line in the city. 
Around the same time, several Catholic groups, including the Benadictine Sisters of Mt. St. Scholastica and the Society of Our Lady of the Most Holy Trinity purchased property in Squier Park. The presence of these organizations helped solidify the neighborhood during a time of local urban disinvestment, and continue to be active members of the Squier Park community. 
The late 1990s and early 2000s saw a revival of many of Kansas City's midtown neighborhoods, including Squier Park.
Today.
Today, Squier Park has matured into a vibrant and active neighborhood. Its motto is "Pride, Preservation, Participation." Led by the Squier Park Neighborhood Association, the neighborhood hosts a number of events each year, including an Easter Egg Hunt, Fall Festival, and Homes Tour. In addition, the SPNA funds improvement projects in the neighborhood, including planting and landscaping, and monthly clean-up days. Their monthly neighborhood meetings are open to all residents. Squier Park is also a participant in the Tulips on Troost project.
On April 24, 2012, the Squier Park neighborhood was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is only the second residential district east of Troost Avenue to receive the designation.

</doc>
<doc id="20858520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858520" title="Loring R-1">
Loring R-1

__NOTOC__
The Loring R-1 was a reconnaissance aircraft produced in Spain in the late 1920s. It was the first design by D. Eduardo Barron for Jorge Loring's company — Talleres Loring, and the firm's first aircraft of its own design. Conventional for its day, it was a sesquiplane with staggered wings that were braced with struts in a Warren truss-like configuration. The pilot and observer sat in open cockpits in tandem and the main units of the fixed, tailskid undercarriage were divided. Thirty examples were produced for the "Aeronáutica Militar" of the Spanish Army. 
A refined version was designed as the R-2 before production shifted to the Loring R-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20858528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858528" title="Richard Cartwright (bishop)">
Richard Cartwright (bishop)

Richard Fox Cartwright (10 November 1913–10 April 2009) was Anglican Bishop of Plymouth from 1972 to 1982.
Catwright was born on 10 November 1913 and educated at The King's School, Canterbury and Pembroke College, Cambridge. After ordination he was a curate at St Andrew's Kennington Cross and then priest in charge of Lower Kingswood. He was then Vicar of Surbiton, Redcliffe, Bristol and Silverton, Devon before being ordained to the episcopate. In retirement he was an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Truro.

</doc>
<doc id="20858544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858544" title="McGrath Cup">
McGrath Cup

The McGrath Cup is a Gaelic football competition played between the Third Level Colleges and Counties in Munster.
The following Third Level Colleges take part:
Trophy.
Joe McGrath donated the trophy to the Munster Council in 1981 for the promotion of Gaelic football.

</doc>
<doc id="20858545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858545" title="Jamie Langston Turner">
Jamie Langston Turner

Jamie Langston Turner (born 1949) is a Christian novelist. 
Biography.
Turner was born in Mississippi and currently teaches writing and poetry at Bob Jones University. Her novel "A Garden to Keep" won a 2002 Christy Award; her "Winter Birds" was named one of the "one hundred best books" of 2006 by "Publishers Weekly".
Turner's novels were "loosely conceived as a series" and are all set in three fictional towns near Greenville in Upstate South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20858547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858547" title="Mauro Bogado">
Mauro Bogado

Mauro Bogado (born 31 May 1985 in San Martín, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football midfielder, currently playing for San Martín de San Juan in Argentina.
Career.
Bogado begon his career in 2006 with Argentinos Juniors. In 2008 he spent some time on loan to 2nd division side Instituto before returning to Argentinos.
In 2010 Bogado was signed by Chilean side Everton de Viña del Mar on a six month loan deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20858550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858550" title="Barbaro 'ndrina">
Barbaro 'ndrina

The Barbaro 'ndrina is a clan of the 'Ndrangheta, a criminal and mafia-type organisation in Calabria, Italy. The 'ndrina is currently based in Platì. The clan also has a strong presence in northern Italy, notably in Buccinasco, near Milan, as well as in Australia, in particular in the Griffith, New South Wales area.
In Calabria.
Feud with the Mammoliti clan.
The clan originally hailed from Castellace in the municipality of Oppido Mamertina. In the 1950s the clan was involved in a bloody feud with the Mammoliti 'ndrina. In October 1954, Domenico Barbaro killed Francesco Mammoliti, the head of the rival clan. On November 7, 1954, the Mammolitis retaliated and killed Francesco Barbaro and some others, an attack that was attributed to Vincenzo Mammoliti, who was acquitted by the court because of insufficient proof. On January 19, 1955, Giovanni Barbaro, the brother of Francesco, was killed with 31 gun shots.
In the end the Mammoliti clan prevailed and the Barbaros moved to Platì. The feud lingered on until 1978, when Domenico Barbaro was killed in Perugia, after serving 26 years in prison for the murder of Francesco Mammoliti in 1954. Around Antonio Barbaro, known as "u Nigru", and Francesco Barbaro, known as "'u Castanu", arose one of the most powerful clans of the 'Ndrangheta which also included the Perre, Trimboli, Agresti, Catanzariti, Sergi, Papalia, Musitano and Molluso clans. They are associated through blood relations, which center around the Barbaro clan. After the death of Pasquale Agresta in 1974, Antonio Barbato took over the command over the group in Platì.
King of kidnapping.
The clan’s long-time boss, Francesco Barbaro "'u Castanu" was known as the king of kidnapping in the 1980s. Seventeen high profile kidnappings have been attributed to the clan. Francesco was arrested on January 5, 1989. Francesco’s son Giuseppe Barbaro took over the leadership of the clan. He was included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy until his arrest on December 10, 2001. Another son of Francesco, Rocco Barbaro, was arrested on February 8, 2003.
The arrest of Giuseppe Barbaro in 2001 led to the discovery of a complex underground fortress in the mountains in Platì that has been used by the local clans for decades. The tunnels – most running parallel to the town's sewer system – were sophisticated and in some places large enough to drive a lorry through. Remote-controlled trap doors lead into houses, some of them uninhabited, enabling the mafiosi to escape from the police. Some of the tunnels emerged outside the town close to woodland, while others open into animal pens and barns on local farms. Platì has been called the "cradle of kidnapping" and it is suspected that kidnap victims were held within the complex.
The money extorted with kidnappings was invested in drug trafficking and construction in northern Italy, in particularly around Buccinasco, near Milan. The clan participated in a cartel of 'Ndrangheta families involved in cocaine trafficking with the Mafia family of Mariano Agate.
In Australia.
Francesco 'Little Trees' Barbaro was named as a member of the Calabrian mafia by the Woodward Royal Commission, held following the disappearance of anti-drugs campaigner Donald Mackay in 1977. He was born in 1937 in Platì and gained his nickname by planting citrus seedlings on his New South Wales farm. The Commission alleged Little Trees made a fortune from "activities associated with cannabis cultivation" and, along with Robert Trimbole and his brother-in-law Antonio Sergi (also born in Platì in 1935), was part of an organisation "comprised almost exclusively of persons of Calabrian descent, based in Griffith and Sydney, which engaged in the illicit cultivation, trafficking and distribution of cannabis" between 1974 and 1977.
In August 2008, Australian 'Ndrangheta boss Pasquale (Pat) Barbaro – the son of Francesco – was involved in the importation of 15 million ecstasy pills through Melbourne, at the time the world's largest ecstasy haul. The pills were hidden in 3,000 tomato cans in a shipping container sent from Calabria. Barbaro was arrested in Carlton. Another shipping container, which arrived in Melbourne in July 2008, contained 150 kilograms of cocaine. The investigation also identified a money-laundering operation worth more than A$9 million. In the early 1990s, Pat Barbaro was charged, and later cleared, in connection with a massive cannabis plantation on a Riverina farm.
Barbaro pleaded guilty in Victoria's Supreme Court to charges of ecstasy and cocaine trafficking. In May 2012 he was sentenced to life in prison with a 30-year minimum.

</doc>
<doc id="20858565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858565" title="Peruvian scorpionfish">
Peruvian scorpionfish

Peruvian scorpionfish, "Scorpaena afuera", belongs to the Scorpaenidae family of marine fish. 
The fish's body is able to cope well with variations in its operating environment with minimal damage, alteration or loss of functionality. Its dorsal fin is arched, its head is depressed, it has a distinctive occipital fossa on the back of the neck, and it is 35 centimeters long. Its body is red with stripes and spots. The fish lives in the southeast Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="20858571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858571" title="Daniel's Hill Historic District">
Daniel's Hill Historic District

The Daniel's Hill Historic District is a national historic district located in Lynchburg, Virginia. The district stretches along the prow of a narrow, elongated hill bordered by the James River on the east and Blackwater Creek on the west. This hill has very steeply sloped sides and is located immediately to the northeast of central Lynchburg. It incorporates about 21 blocks in which are located approximately 180 buildings, virtually all houses ranging in date from the early 19th century through the early 20th century. Architectural styles range from the Federal to the Georgian Revival with a large quantity of urban vernacular dwellings. Stretched out along Cabell Street, the district's only thoroughfare, is a series of outstanding, architecturally
sophisticated mansions mostly dating from the last half of the 19th century, including Point of Honor.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20858590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858590" title="Canton of Auvillar">
Canton of Auvillar

The canton of Auvillar is a French administrative division in the county of Tarn-et-Garonne and region Midi-Pyrénées.
Communes.
The communes in the canton of Auvillar:

</doc>
<doc id="20858597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858597" title="Karainagar">
Karainagar

Karainagar () (pronounced Kaarai-Nagar) is located 20 km from Jaffna, Sri Lanka, on the Karaitivu (Island). In Tamil, it translates to a town where is lots of Kaarai tree(Kaarai-nagar). 
Karainagar island is about area and the registered voters 20,000 voted in 1977 national election.
30%of this land can be use for paddy cultivation.

</doc>
<doc id="20858615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858615" title="Idaho State Highway 4">
Idaho State Highway 4

State Highway 4 (SH-4) is a state highway in Shoshone County, in the U.S. state of Idaho. It runs from Interstate 90 (I-90) in Wallace, east to the ghost town of Burke.
Route description.
SH-4 begins at an intersection with I-90 in Wallace, then heads generally northeast through Burke Canyon, past historical markers for Frisco Hill and Burke, ending in Burke. The road continues eastward as National Forest Road No. 7623. 

</doc>
<doc id="20858617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858617" title="Puthukkudiyiruppu">
Puthukkudiyiruppu

Puthukkudiyiruppu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20858620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858620" title="Windows Setup">
Windows Setup

The process in which retail versions of Microsoft Windows are installed onto a computer is referred to as Windows Setup. This process has changed significantly with the introduction of Windows NT 3.1, and again with the advent of Windows Vista.
Windows 1.x and Windows 2.x.
The installation of Windows 1.x, Windows 2.0, Windows 2.1x requires that a compatible version of MS-DOS installed. The user must specify any hardware such as mice or printers during installation. After the installation, Windows was to be started either manually by typing "WIN.COM" at the command prompt, or configured for automatic startup by adding WIN.COM to the end of AUTOEXEC.BAT.
Windows 3.x.
The installation of Windows 3.0, Windows 3.1x and Windows 3.2 requires that a compatible DOS operating system is already installed. The installer attempts to detect network cards, mice, and other hardware on its own but will rely on the user to specify hardware if it cannot find them. After the installation, Windows was to be started either manually by typing "WIN.COM" at the command prompt, or configured for automatic startup by adding WIN.COM to the end of AUTOEXEC.BAT.
Windows 9x.
Windows 95, Windows 98 and Windows Me do not require MS-DOS. The first phase of setup prepares the hard disk partition for use by Windows by formatting it to a compatible file system, then runs scandisk, and, if the hard disk appears to be ready for installation in terms of free space and disk integrity, then it will copy files to the selected installation folder (typically C:\WINDOWS). The first phase of setup resembles the interface of Windows 3.x. Once this phase is finished, the computer reboots and setup resumes from the hard disk, but still requires the installation media to continue copying files and drivers. At this point the user will be asked to provide a product key.
Windows NT.
Before Windows Vista.
The setup process introduced with Windows NT 3.1 remained in effect until the release of Windows Vista. The general process is:
All versions of Windows NT up to Windows Server 2003, except for Windows XP Home Edition, prompt the user to enter an Administrator password.
On Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, the Recovery Console is included to repair damaged installations. It allows the user to repair disk and boot record errors, and copy missing or corrupted files to the destination folders.
After Windows Vista.
Windows Vista and subsequent operating systems all utilize Windows Preinstallation Environment (Windows PE) as the installation environment. Windows PE features a graphical user interface with mouse support from the beginning, rather than requiring a text-only phase as in previous versions. The concept of F6 disks has been improved to provide support for computers without floppy drives; the loading of drivers from CD-ROMs and USB flash drives is now supported. Support for installing Windows onto FAT partitions has been dropped; Windows must be installed onto an NTFS partition.
Windows 8.
Windows 8 introduces a new secondary installer known as the Upgrade Assistant, replacing Windows Setup for upgrade installations. Designed to be simpler and faster than previous installation methods, it analyses the system's hardware and software for compatibility with Windows 8, allows the user to purchase, download, and install the operating system, and migrate files and settings from the previous Windows installation in the case of a clean install. Windows Setup is still used when booting from installation media.

</doc>
<doc id="20858627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858627" title="Karaitivu (island)">
Karaitivu (island)

Karaitivu or Kaaraitheevu (), is an island linked to Jaffna Peninsula, Sri Lanka by a Causeway. Karainagar is the biggest town on this island.

</doc>
<doc id="20858628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858628" title="Paul Bauer (politician)">
Paul Bauer (politician)

Paul A Bauer, Jr. (born April 7, 1955) is a former Assembly Member from the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska. 
Family.
Paul Bauer is married to Deborah Bauer. He has two children, who live in Anchorage, Alaska. 
Political career.
Bauer was elected to the Anchorage Assembly in 2005 after a stint in a community council and service on one of the Municipal committees. 
Bauer's multiple attempts at enforcing federal immigration laws were met with resistance by the community. He lost his bid for re-election to Mike Gutierrez, a former legislative aide to state senator Johnny Ellis.

</doc>
<doc id="20858641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858641" title="Canton of Beaumont-de-Lomagne">
Canton of Beaumont-de-Lomagne

The canton of Beaumont-de-Lomagne is a French administrative division in the county of Tarn-et-Garonne and region Midi-Pyrénées.
Communes.
The communes in the canton of Beaumont-de-Lomagne:

</doc>
<doc id="20858643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858643" title="NER Class P">
NER Class P

The NER Class P (LNER Class J24) was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives of the North Eastern Railway. They were designed by Wilson Worsdell for mineral traffic.
Modifications.
As built, the locomotives had slide valves but 20 were fitted with piston valves and superheaters between 1914 and 1920. The cylinder bore was increased by half an inch at the same time. 
In the infobox (right) 'ns' denotes non-superheated and 'su' denotes superheated. Some locomotives later had their superheaters removed but the piston valves were retained.
British Railways.
Thirty-four locomotives survived into British Railways ownership in 1948 and their BR numbers were 65600-65644 (with gaps). 
Withdrawal.
Withdrawals started under LNER ownership in 1933. British Railways quickly withdrew the remaining locomotives and all had gone by the end of 1951. None is preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20858650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858650" title="Nilaveli">
Nilaveli

Nilaveli (Pronounced Nilaa-Veli, Tamil translation Open-land of the moon-shine) is a coastal resort town located about 20 km North-West of Trincomalee, Trincomalee District, Sri Lanka. It used to be a popular tourist destination, however due to 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami and Sri Lankan Civil War tourist numbers have declined.
10th century inscription.
The 10th century CE Tamil Nilaveli inscriptions mention the Koneswaram temple as having received a land grant in the Tamil country of one thousand seven hundred and ten acres (two hundred and fifty four "vèli") of dry and wet land to meet its daily expenses - revealing the temple's role in providing various services to the local community by 900-1000 CE.

</doc>
<doc id="20858669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858669" title="Kalkudah">
Kalkudah

Kalkudah or Kalkuda (Pronounced Kal-Kuda, Tamil translation rock-bay) is a coastal resort town located about 35 kilometers northwest of Batticaloa, Batticaloa District, Sri Lanka. It used to be a popular tourist destination, however due to 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami and Sri Lankan Civil War tourist numbers have declined. Pasikudah and Kalkudah are located few kilometers apart.
In recent time, Kalkudah receives plenty of visitors to Pasikudah beach.

</doc>
<doc id="20858675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858675" title="Luise von Göchhausen">
Luise von Göchhausen

Luise von Göchhausen (13 February 1752, Eisenach - 7 September 1807, Weimar) was Chief Lady-in-Waiting to duchess Anna Amalia of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.

</doc>
<doc id="20858680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858680" title="Morón, Venezuela">
Morón, Venezuela

Morón is a Venezuelan town located on the coast of Carabobo State. It is the capital of the Juan José Mora Municipality.
Several important industries are located close by, like El Palito refinery (one of the largest in Venezuela) and the most important electricity centre of Venezuela, Planta Centro. The motorways 1 and 3 join in here and communicate the West with the centre.
History.
Morón appears in the parish registers in the eighteenth century as Santa Ana de Morón. 
The area was a place where many black slaves who had run away. The slave Andresote took refuge in the mountains of the region and he organized revolts from there.
Morón and other towns of the area were burnt down during the Federal War in 1859.
Namesakes.
There are a number of other towns in Venezuela with this name.

</doc>
<doc id="20858694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858694" title="Pasikudah">
Pasikudah

Pasikudah or Pasikuda (Singhala: පාසිකුඩා , Pronounced Paasi-Kudah, Tamil translation Green-Algae-Bay) is a coastal resort town located about 35 kilometers northwest of Batticaloa, Batticaloa District, Sri Lanka. It used to be a popular tourist destination, however due to 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami and Sri Lankan Civil War tourist numbers have declined. Pasikudah and Kalkudah are located few km apart.
Since the end of the civil war in 2009 and the completion of Tsunami rehabilitation projects, Pasikudah has become a popular tourist destination amongst locals and foreigners alike. This is because Pasikudah is known to have one of the longest stretches of shallow coastline in the world. In other words, people walk kilometers into the sea because the water is only a few inches deep and the current is relatively weak compared to the rest of Sri Lanka's coasts. 
Pasikudah is easily accessible from Trincomalee and Batticaloa, both of which cities have star class accommodation. Pasikudah is fast becoming an investors hub as foreign and local investors have shown interest in developing tourism along the beach. The Sri Lankan government's strict environmental policies have prevented certain plans for mass development, however at the same time the government's strong economic policies have promoted development to a certain extent. 
The nearby Nilaweli beach offers guests the surfing and scuba diving opportunities. 

</doc>
<doc id="20858696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858696" title="William Homer Leavitt">
William Homer Leavitt

William Homer Leavitt (April 23, 1868 – August 8, 1951) was an American portrait painter who married the daughter of politician William Jennings Bryan. For a time, Leavitt was a sought-after society portraitist, until he departed for Paris to pursue his art. He was subsequently divorced by his wife, and his two children were raised by their politician grandfather. Leavitt's two children became the subject of a heated custody battle chronicled in the newspapers of the day.
Early life and career.
William Homer Leavitt was born in Scituate, Massachusetts, to Aaron Littlefield Leavitt and his wife Sarah (Clark) Leavitt. The family subsequently removed in 1880 to Newport, Rhode Island, where William Homer Leavitt, having studied art in Paris, returned and set himself up as a society portrait painter. He was much in demand, and among the many well-known figures he painted was United States General Joseph Wheeler, who after the portrait session lent Leavitt his black horse, Alabama. The horse bucked and threw Leavitt onto Newport's Bellevue Avenue. Initially Leavitt was not expected to recover, although he did later make a full recovery.
Two years later Leavitt's career had taken off, causing The New York Times to note that "artist Leavitt has won distinction in his work and has a host of friends in intellectual circles." That same year, 1903, Leavitt went west to Lincoln, Nebraska, to paint the portrait of attorney and Presidential candidate William Jennings Bryan. The portrait sessions were repeatedly interrupted by demands on Bryan, and the 32-year-old artist and the politician's 18-year-old daughter Ruth Bryan struck up a friendship. On September 17, 1903, the couple announced their plans to marry the next month, meaning the politician's daughter would leave her freshly started career at the University of Nebraska. In announcing the marriage, "The New York Times" noted that "Preparations Under Way to Make It an Elaborate Society Event."
But the big society wedding never transpired. Senator Bryan opposed the match, because of the difference in ages of the couple, as well as the fact that his daughter Ruth had just begun college. The couple married, in a small civil ceremony – described by the newspapers as 'informal' – attended by Bryan's parents, the members of Miss Bryan's college sorority and the widow of the college president and minister who had married William Jennings Bryan and his wife. William Leavitt's mother traveled to Nebraska from Rhode Island for the wedding, which was held in the Bryan home at Lincoln. "In accordance with Miss Bryan's wishes and those of her parents," noted The Oswego Daily Times, "the wedding appointments will be void of any attempt at elaboration."
Marital life and dissolution.
Following the abbreviated ceremony, painter Leavitt and his wife departed for the East Coast and the South, and briefly to Europe where they honeymooned. Later the couple settled at their home at 81 Pelham Street in Newport, Rhode Island, where Leavitt set himself up in a studio devoted to his portraiture. But the union was apparently rocky from the start, and within six years Leavitt had departed for Paris to paint, and his wife sued for divorce on the grounds of non-support.
The couple had two children, Ruth and Bryan Leavitt, who were favorites of grandfather William Jennings Bryan. At the Democratic National Convention in Denver, in 1908, newspapers carried photos of Bryan's two grandchildren, and noted that the candidate "was never happier than when bouncing on his knees Ruth and Bryan Leavitt." Following the divorce, grandfather Bryan assumed custody of the two grandchildren. The following year, Ruth Bryan Leavitt married Major Reginald A. Owen, a British Army officer, whom she met while studying voice in Germany. Following his ex-wife's remarriage, painter Leavitt told reporters that the nuptials – and his ex-wife's presence overseas with her husband – meant that Leavitt would make an attempt to gain custody of his two children. But those attempts were, apparently, in vain, and the two Leavitt children remained with their grandfather Bryan.
Fate of the children and later life.
Ruth Bryan Owen lived abroad for several years during her English husband's postings, until she returned to America, where she ran for Congress from Florida after his early death. She was the first Congresswoman elected from Florida, served as the first woman on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and later served as the nation's first female Ambassador. While the United States Ambassador to Denmark, a post to which she was appointed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt, Ruth Baird Bryan Leavitt Owen married She died in Copenhagen, Denmark, in 1954.
William Homer Leavitt's son John Bryan Leavitt later dropped the name Leavitt. He became an actor known simply as John Bryan, and he died under somewhat suspicious circumstances in New York City on January 2, 1943, with the death eventually being ruled a suicide. His sister Ruth, daughter of painter Leavitt, married investment banker Robert Lehman, head of the family investment banking firm Lehman Brothers.
Painter William Homer Leavitt eventually returned to America from Paris, and married as his second wife Gertrude (Leeper) Leavitt, daughter of the Rev. Dr. G. Leeper of Cleveland, Ohio. Leavitt lived at his old home in Newport with his wife, who died of appendicitis on April 15, 1914. Leavitt continued to paint and in February 1927 delivered a lecture at the Boston Public Library on "The Personal Influence of John Ruskin". Leavitt's death from heart disease was reported in "Deaths Registered in the Town of Winthrop, 1946–1951, pg. 32 as August 8, 1951 in Winthrop, Mass. He was buried in Island Cemetery, Newport, Rhode Island, according to the same document.

</doc>
<doc id="20858703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858703" title="Canton of Bourg-de-Visa">
Canton of Bourg-de-Visa

The canton of Bourg-de-Visa is a French administrative division in the county of Tarn-et-Garonne and region Midi-Pyrénées.
Communes.
The communes in the canton of Bourg-de-Visa:

</doc>
<doc id="20858714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858714" title="The New Dress (short story)">
The New Dress (short story)

"The New Dress" is a short story by the English author Virginia Woolf. 
It was written in 1924 whilst Virginia Woolf was writing "Mrs. Dalloway" (which was published the following year). It is possible that it was originally to have been a chapter in the novel with which it shares some characters and events. It was not published until 1927 when it appeared in the May edition of the New York magazine "The Forum". It appeared again in "A Haunted House and Other Short Stories" published in 1944, and in "Mrs. Dalloway's Party" published in 1973.
Plot introduction.
The stream-of-consciousness narrative concerns Mabel Waring, deeply self-conscious and insecure as she attends a party hosted by Clarissa Dalloway. Mabel's new, though old-fashioned dress symbolising her insecurity; she has gone to great care to have it made but on arrival at the party she sees it in a mirror and immediately announces to herself "No. It was not "right"".

</doc>
<doc id="20858719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858719" title="Tom Vanhoudt">
Tom Vanhoudt

Tom Vanhoudt (born 28 July 1972, in Diest, Flemish Brabant), is a former professional tennis player from Belgium. 
Vanhoudt achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 36 in 2001. He participated in 9 Davis Cup ties for Belgium from 1991 to 2002, posting a 4–5 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20858721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858721" title="Monica Braw">
Monica Braw

Monica Braw (born 1945), is a Swedish author and an international reporter.

</doc>
<doc id="20858722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858722" title="Turndown ratio (boilers)">
Turndown ratio (boilers)

Turndown ratio. As applied to steam boilers, water heaters and similar.
In their smallest form, devices intended to heat water or other fluids using a chemical fuel coal, gas, oil, electricity etc.) are usually thermostatically controlled. When the desired operating pressure/temperature is attained, the thermostat turns off the heat source. When the pressure/temperature has fallen (usually to a pre-determined level), the thermostat turns the heat source on. The heat source has only two states, i.e. on or off.
This is undesirable in all but the smallest devices as the fluctuations in pressure/temperature lead to inefficiencies in fuel combustion/consumption.
If the heat source can be made to modulate, there can be considerable savings in fuel due to combustion processes and heat/wet side temperature differences. Pressure/temperature output can remain more constant which may be of benefit. If combustion gas temperature falls too low in the boiler/heater, condensation may occur. If the boiler is not designed to resist the corrosive effect of this, serious problems could occur. See condensing boilers.
Ideally, the heat source would be able to vary (i.e. modulate) progressively from its maximum to zero (or at least low enough to meet its standing at idle losses) but in practice there are insuperable problems to achieving this, particularly in the field of heating by means of a primary fossil fuels. So it may well be that due to design considerations of the fuel burner, it is only possible to turn the output of the heat source down to (for example) 50% of its maximum. This would give a turndown ratio of two. If the heat source could be turned down to 25% of its maximum value, the turndown ratio would be four and so on. 
This means that as the desired temperature/pressure point is approached, the heat source is progressively turned down. If pressure/temperature falls, the heat source is progressively turned up. To achieve this, a quite sophisticated control system is required. 
If the heating plant is only working at a small fraction of its maximum and the turndown ratio is too low, at some point the burner will still need to be shut off when the desired pressure/temperature is achieved.
In heating plant that has been oversized, this will occur more frequently so leading to more inefficiency.
Typical turndown ratios, various fuels.
Electricity
As there are no combustion losses associated with electricity and usually only small or domestic plant is involved, is it unusual to have any means of modulating down the energy supply except perhaps by multiple switches/thermostats/heating elements. 
Gas
In the search for increased efficiency, even very small gas boilers have modulating burners these days. In practice only boilers with fan assisted fuel/air circulation will have the modulating feature. The fan also mixes gas and air more thoroughly, so achieving more efficient combustion. If the boiler is of the high efficiency condensing type, high turndown ratios are feasible and the higher the turndown ratio, the more efficient it will be. However there are practical difficulties in designing a gas burner with a turndown ratio of greater than six or seven. The problem is in maintaining the correct stoichiometric ratio (optimum gas air mix) over the entire output range as gas/air velocities change in the burner.
Every time a gas/oil boiler stops, it has to be "purged" with cold air to remove any combustible gases that may have accumulated in the boiler before restarting. (This to prevent possible explosion.) This cold air takes heat from the boiler every time this happens. Higher turndown ratios mean fewer stops and starts and hence fewer losses.
Oil
Small domestic "vapourising" (i.e. burning kerosene or 28 second oil) burners do not modulate at all and are relatively inefficient.
Boilers using the pressure jet type of burner, i.e. with a fan, (usually with 35 sec oil) can be made to modulate. Condensing oil boilers are fairly unusual, the condensate from the combustion of oil is far more aggressive than gas, mainly due to sulphur content. These days oil companies are reducing sulphur content of oil on environmental grounds, so this may change. However due to problem of mixing the oil and air, turndown ratios of greater than four are uncommon.
Coal
These days mechanised coal boilers only occur in large industrial plant due to the convenience and easy availability of gas. Theoretically coal burning plant can have quite a high turndown ratio, in the days of hand firing coal boilers it did. Turndown ratio was/is also achieved by having multiple boilers progressively brought on line to meet the required load. However today's mechanical firing of very large boilers turndown ratios are much less and very variable depending on the various firing systems adopted. However turndown ratios of greater than four are unusual. On systems where coal is burned on a grate, the problem is compounded by the fact that a sudden reduction/cessation of the load can leave many tons of burning fuel on the grate.

</doc>
<doc id="20858729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858729" title="Stage Irish">
Stage Irish

Stage Irish is a stereotyped portrayal of Irish people once common in plays. The term refers to an exaggerated or caricatured portrayal of supposed Irish characteristics in speech and behaviour. The stage Irishman was generally "garrulous, boastful, unreliable, hard-drinking, belligerent (though cowardly) and chronically impecunious." 
The early stage Irish persona arose in England in the context of the war between the Jacobites and Whig supporters of William of Orange at the end of the 17th century. Later, the stage Irish persona become more comic and less threatening. Irish writers also used the persona in a satirical way.
Early examples.
The character of Captain Macmorris in Henry V has been claimed to be the first example of the type. His line "What ish my nation?" was later appropriated by modern Irish writers, becoming a "recurrent epigraph". However, Macmorris is a loyal and valiant supporter of Henry V, quite different from later, generally lower-class, stage Irishmen.
James Farewell's poem "The Irish Hudibras" (1689) was published in the wake of William's invasion of Ireland to suppress the Jacobite uprising. It is considered to be the principal origin of the stereotype. This takes the form of a parody of book VI of Virgil's Aeneid, in which Aeneas descends into the underworld. In the poem, this is replaced by Fingal in County Dublin, in which Irish costume, behaviour, and speech-spatterns are parodied as if they were denizens of Hades. A companion piece, "Hesperi-Neso-Grapica or A Description of the Western Isle" by "W.M." was published in 1715. Pamphlets published under the title "Bog witticisms" also parodied the supposed illogicality and stupidity of the Irish.
18th–20th century.
Irish characters appeared in a number of plays during the 18th century. These were not all negative stereotypes. Sometimes the Irishman could be a noble, or at least sympathetic character. In others he could outwit others. Thomas Sheridan's play "Captain O'Blunder" is about a naive Irishman who in the end triumphs over his English enemy. Lucius O'Trigger in Richard Brinsley Sheridan's "The Rivals" is an excessively quick-tempered individual. The character had to be rewritten because of complaints that it was insultingly anti-Irish. All these characters were from the genteel social classes. 
By the 19th century, the stage Irishman became more of a lower-class stereotype, associated with the emigrations of mid-century. Dion Boucicault's successful plays "The Colleen Bawn" (1860) and "The Shaughraun" (1874) included several Stage Irish characters.
Patriotic inversions of the stereotype appeared in Ireland and it was commented upon by writers such as George Bernard Shaw in John Bull's Other Island and by John Millington Synge in "The Playboy of the Western World". The latter play was condemned by Irish nationalists, including Sinn Féin leader Arthur Griffith, who described the play as "a vile and inhuman story told in the foulest language we have ever listened to from a public platform", and that it insulted Irish men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="20858730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858730" title="Glorious (Andreas Johnson song)">
Glorious (Andreas Johnson song)

"Glorious" is a pop song released by Swedish singer Andreas Johnson in 1999. It is from Johnson's "Liebling" album on the WEA record label.
The song was a mixed success in terms of chart, as it remained in the low positions in the Netherlands, Switzerland, New Zealand and Germany. However, the song debuted at a peak of number four on the UK Singles Chart and totalled eleven weeks on the chart, three of them in the top ten. In Italy, the single started at number three and appeared for nine weeks in the top twenty.
The song was later used on television advertisements for Vauxhall, Volvo, and in 2004, for Nutella, thus allowing the song to re-enter the French Singles Chart at a peak of number 16, although the song was only number 50 in its first release, four years earlier. An uncredited instrumental segment of the song was used in the movie "The Proposal", after the ceremony.
The first 3 melody lines that are sung are identical to the first 3 sung melody lines of Two Minute Warning, a song by Depeche Mode (composed by Alan Wilder) in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20858731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858731" title="Rushing Rivers Institute">
Rushing Rivers Institute

Rushing Rivers Institute is a non-profit organization in the United States directed by Piotr Parasiewicz to implement river science in the preservation of water resources for the environment and human use. The Institute provides on-demand services, integrating physical and ecological sciences, professional training, and project review services to protect and restore rivers.
Services.
Rushing Rivers Institute provides a variety of services applicable to:
Technical Assistance is provided by R.R.I's employees in the assessment of instream habitat for fish and invertebrates, simulation modeling and the design of nature-like fishways.
Project Review is offered as independent, technical review of the quality of environmental impact assessment projects, specifically with regard to the impact on the aquatic fauna due to water 
withdrawals, hydro-power, landfills and development.
Models are developed for the description of riverine habitat to determine the ecological status, quantify the effect of various restoration measures, flow management as well as predict the impact of development and climate change on the aquatic fauna. The following models are used in these procedures:
Biological Assessment
Physical Assessment
Software/Technology development: Rushing Rivers develops a software facilitating various aspects of river habitat modeling. 
SIM-Stream software is a front-end of an Access Database performing data management and calculations of habitat models. 
River Lab is a suite of input forms that use photo annotation technology for habitat surveys with ARC-Pad, 
River-pixelator is a software for aerial image pixel classification and gathering data from sensor networks. 
Education/Community Services
Current projects.
Rushing Rivers Institute was approached by Nestlé Waters to investigate the ecological impacts of spring water withdrawals on fish and invertebrate habitat in adjacent streams, and to develop assessment and mitigation methodology applicable for site determination. This pilot project should use, as a case study, the site on Wekepeke Brook, a tributary of the Nashua River in central Massachusetts. This site has recently been investigated for possible development by the corporation and the project takes advantage from the available materials and work already invested in data collection. In collaboration with environmental consultants already involved in the planning process and the staff of Nestlé Waters, this scientific study of the watershed is conducted in a number of incremental steps leading to the creation of a transferable method for ecologically sound impact assessment, prevention and mitigation. The goal is to create a groundbreaking approach in corporate resource stewardship, where the company takes responsibility for the improvement of the ecological status of the rivers and streams rather than focusing solely on impact mitigation. The gains in habitat for fish and invertebrates will be applied as a metric for measuring the project impact and of ecological improvements repairing damage caused by the historical use of rivers as well as by current uses of unrelated parties. The catalog of improvement options and recommendations will be presented to the company as a result. Rushing Rivers conducts this project in collaboration with its associates and other independent scientists. To assure scientific credibility the project will undergo independent peer-review in a scientific workshop including renowned river scientists and resource management organizations. 
The Nature Conservancy in consultation with the Aquarion Water Company of Connecticut, Inc. contracted with a scientist from Rushing Rivers Institute to conduct a scientific investigation of the ecosystem components of the Saugatuck River system, with a primary focus on those portions of the Saugatuck and Aspetuck rivers that lie below Aquarion’s reservoir dams. The study will focus their review on riverine fishs and other significant plant and animal elements of the river system that may include sensitive or threatened taxa; hydrology and geomorphology; physical and chemical characteristics of the river and its tributaries; and floodplain ecosystems associated with the lower Saugatuck river system and on the development of the MesoHABSIM model. The model and review will identify, to the extent possible, the specific flow requirements necessary to meet the needs of these species and communities throughout their various life stages. The review should also describe what is known about the current status of river ecosystem health in the Saugatuck in relation to what is known about reference conditions and serve as a knowledge base for the environmental flow recommendations workshop, planned as a part of the Ecologically Sustainable Water Management (ESWM) framework from the Saugatuck River.
The goal of the Lamprey River instream flow assessment and water management plan is the determination of Protected Instream Flow (PISF) values for designated reaches. PISF values must be established that protect legislatively mandated instream public uses, outstanding characteristics, and resources entities, which may constrain water use by affected water users in the Lamprey River basin. Consideration of PISF levels in relation to current and projected water use patterns in the basin will be an integral component of the water management plan.
Under leadership of Normandeau Associates Inc., Rushing Rivers is mapping the Lamprey River for specific fish habitats to develop a water management plan. Besides habitat mapping, the study includes scuba diving in impoundments, monitoring for mussels, dragonfly nymphs and fish and the computation of physical habitat model. The influence of water levels in riparian and emergent wetlands on aquatic habitat and endangered species are modeled by scientists from Normandeau Associates. The hydrological analysis, including concurrent flow measurements, simulation of pre-colonial time series and ground water monitoring are conducted by UNH hydrologists. The collected data and models will support multi-criteria decision analysis, which is a foundation for a water management plan for the Lamprey River. There are many groups of stakeholders involved in the development of the plan, and the study team coordinates with involved parties and the state of New Hampshire. 
This pilot program of New Hampshire for the determination of instream flows for designated river segments is the culmination of years of discussions on the need for, geographic scope of and method of instream flow regulation statewide. It will evaluate both the scientific methodology for establishing an instream flow as well as the institutional framework developed to provide technical oversight and to solicit input from all stakeholders. This river that was affected by humans in many ways from recreation to water withdrawals and water returns from a wastewater treatment plant is the first project for Rushing Rivers in New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20858745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858745" title="Bill McDonald (American journalist)">
Bill McDonald (American journalist)

William McDonald is an American journalist and editor for "The New York Times" and is the current obituaries editor.
McDonald, a former editor at "Newsday" on Long Island, joined the "New York Times" in 1988 and has held numerous positions at the paper. He was the copy chief of the national news desk, assistant national editor, deputy editor of Arts & Leisure and deputy culture editor. He was part of the team that won the Pulitzer Prize for national reporting in 2000 for the series, "How Race Is Lived in America". He has been the obituaries editor since February 2006. He grew up in Stratford, Connecticut, and earned degrees at Fairfield University in Connecticut and Syracuse University in New York. He is married and lives in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="20858747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858747" title="Kandarodai">
Kandarodai

Kandarodai (, Kadiramalai or Kandurugoda - literal Sinhala translation of "Kadiramalai" ) a small hamlet and archaeological site of Chunnakam town is a suburb in Jaffna District, Sri Lanka. Known as "Kadiramalai" (from "Kudiramalai") in the ancient period, the area served as a famous emporium city and capital of Tamil kingdoms in the Jaffna peninsula of North Eastern Ceylon from classical antiquity. Located near a world famous port at that time, Kandarodai was the first site the Archaeology Department in Sri Lanka excavated in the Jaffna peninsula.
Black and red ware Kanterodai potsherd Tamil Brahmi scripts from 300 BCE excavated with Roman coins, early Pandyan coins, early Chera Dynasty coins from the emporium Karur punch-marked with images of the Hindu Goddess Lakshmi from 500 BCE, punch-marked coins called "puranas" from 6th-5th century BCE India, and copper ‘kohl’ sticks similar to those used by the Egyptians in 2000 B.C found in Uchhapannai, Kandarodai indicate active transoceanic maritime trade between ancient Jaffna Tamils and other continental kingdoms in the prehistoric period. The parallel third century BCE discoveries of Maanthai, Anaikoddai and Vallipuram detail the arrival of a megalithic culture in Jaffna long before the Buddhist-Christian era and the emergence of rudimentary settlements that continued into early historic times marked by urbanization. The chief Pittan-Korran of Kudiramalai further south, a commander-in-chief of the Chera king, administered the locality under the Chera kingdom from the 1st century BCE - 1st century CE and is described at length in the "Purananuru". 
A group of Dagobas situated close together at the site served as a monastery for Tamil monks and reflect the rise in popularity of Buddhism amongst Jaffna Tamils and the Tamils of the ancient Tamil country in the first few centuries of the common era before the revivalism of Hinduism amongst the population. Recent excavations of "Sivaganams" in the stupas suggest Tamil Hindus also worshipped at the site. The domes were reconstructed atop the flat bases of the ruins by the Archaeology Department. The similarities between the finds of ancient Jaffna and Tamil Nadu are indicators of a continuous cultural exchange between the two regions from classical antiquity. These structures built over burials demonstrate the integration of Buddhism with Megalithism, a hallmark of Tamil Buddhism. Outside Andhra Pradesh in India, Kanterodai is perhaps the only site where such burials are seen. 
In 1970, the University of Pennsylvania museum team excavated a ceramic sequence remarkably similar to that of Arikamedu, with a Pre-rouletted ware period, subdivided into an earlier "Megalithic", a later "Pre-rouletted ware phase," followed by a "Rouletted ware period". Tentatively assigned to the fourth century BCE, radio carbon dating later confirmed an outer date of the ceramics and Megalithic cultural commencement in Kandarodai to 1300 BCE. Further excavations have been conducted by the University of Jaffna.
The "Yalpana Vaipava Malai" also describes the rich port of Kadiramalai in the ancient period.

</doc>
<doc id="20858748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858748" title="Canton of Lauzerte">
Canton of Lauzerte

The canton of Lauzerte is a French administrative division in the county of Tarn-et-Garonne and region Midi-Pyrénées.
Communes.
The communes in the canton of Lauzerte:

</doc>
<doc id="20858750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858750" title="Fortunes Rocks, Maine">
Fortunes Rocks, Maine

Fortunes Rocks is seaside community in Biddeford, York County, Maine, located approximately north of Boston, Massachusetts. The 1999 novel "Fortune's Rocks" by Anita Shreve is loosely based on this Maine seaside neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="20858751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858751" title="Kevin Laue">
Kevin Laue

Kevin Clinton Laue (born April 13, 1990) is a tall American college student and basketball player at Manhattan College. He was born missing half of one arm and has been recognized for his skills and success in overcoming adversity. In the 2008-2009 season he played at a military academy in Virginia and was a prospect for collegiate play. In March 2009 he received a scholarship to play Division I basketball for Manhattan College. A documentary film titled "" was released in 2012.
Biography.
Due to a restriction of prenatal blood circulation, Laue was born with a left arm that ended just below his elbow. His parents encouraged him to play soccer as a child, but Kevin did not like soccer. He also refused to use a prosthetic arm. He had some struggles as a youth basketball player, but by eighth grade he had grown enough that he could handle a ball with one hand and could dunk a basketball.
Competitive playing career.
High school.
Laue attended Amador Valley High School near his home where as a junior he played center on the varsity basketball team. He played about 23 minutes a game and averaged eight points, six blocks and eight rebounds per game.
During his junior year, he was described as the team's star. In 2007 "Sports Illustrated" called him "the most exciting player in basketball" in recognition of his playing prowess with just one hand, but he missed most of his senior year due to a broken leg, (Averaging eleven points, ten blocks, and nine rebounds per game his final year).
After graduation, he enrolled as a postgraduate at Fork Union Military Academy in Virginia for the 2008–2009 school year. As of December 2008, his season statistics at Fork Union were 6.9 points and 7.4 rebounds per game. As an NCAA prospect, he received recruiting letters from Division III schools, but hoped to be able to play for a Division I team. Scouts, Inc. describes him as a "prospect that could instantly help a number of low-major Division I programs," noting his "quick leaping ability" and effective play on both offense and defense. In March 2009 he was awarded a scholarship from Manhattan College, a Division I school.
Kevin wears size 17 shoes and can handle the ball in his large right hand, which an Amador Valley teammate said "is as big as two normal hands." He uses the stump of his left forearm (which he calls "the Nub") to help hold the ball after catching a pass. He also uses his stump effectively in defense, using its size and strength to block opposing players.
College.
Laue played his first two seasons with Manhattan College under coach Barry Rohrssen and then under coach Steve Masiello. As a freshman in the 2009–10 season, Laue played in 19 games with an average 2.7 minutes per game and 0.7 rebounds and 0.2 blocks. On December 30, 2009, Laue scored his first career point with a free throw and grabbed a season-high eight rebounds in 17 minutes in Manhattan's 86-48 loss to Vanderbilt. Laue subsequently scored on field goals in two other games.
In 2010–11, his sophomore year, Laue played in 22 games and started three games. On December 11 against Binghamton, Laue played 14 minutes and scored 6 points on 3-for-4 shooting. In that game, Laue also made 3 rebounds and 2 blocks. On December 22 against Bowling Green, Laue played 13 minutes, scored 4 points off field goals, and made 5 rebounds. Cumulatively, Laue made 21 rebounds and 5 blocks this season. In his junior year, 2011–12, Laue grabbed 9 rebounds and blocked 7 shots. Manhattan qualified for the 2012 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament, but Laue did not play in the tournament.
After graduating from Manhattan College in only three years, Laue's career totals came to 36 points, 42 rebounds, 15 blocks, 1 steal, and 1 assist.

</doc>
<doc id="20858756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858756" title="Al-Khanqah al-Salahiyya Mosque">
Al-Khanqah al-Salahiyya Mosque

The al-Khanqah al-Salahiyya Mosque () is located in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.
History.
The mosque is situated on the former palace of the Latin Patriarch. Following the Crusader surrender of Jerusalem to Salah al-Din in 1187, it became a convent for Sufi mystics. Its minaret was built in around 1417.

</doc>
<doc id="20858765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858765" title="Chaetocneme denitza">
Chaetocneme denitza

Chaetocneme denitza, commonly known as the Ornate Dusk-flat, is a butterfly of the Skipper ("Hesperiidae") family endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20858766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858766" title="Casuarina Beach">
Casuarina Beach

Casuarina Beach is in Karainagar, Jaffna District, Sri Lanka, about 20 kilometers from Jaffna. The Casuarina Beach in Karainagar is also called and written as Casoorina, Cashoorina and few other variants. This is said to be the best beach in the Jaffna Peninsula. One can walk a long way in the deep blue water with gentle waves moving towards the land.
The beach probably got its name due the Casuarina Trees along the beach. The beach lies about 20 km off Jaffna and may take about 45 minutes to travel by a vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="20858774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858774" title="Calystegia subacaulis">
Calystegia subacaulis

Calystegia subacaulis is a species of morning glory known by the common name hillside false bindweed.
It is endemic to California, where it grows in the North and Central California Coast Ranges and the San Francisco Bay Area, in woodland and chaparral scrub habitat.
Description.
"Calystegia subacaulis" is a hairy perennial herb growing from a woody caudex or a rhizome and extending stems no longer than about 20 centimeters. The leaves are 3 or 4 centimeters long and triangular or arrowhead shaped with small side lobes.
The inflorescence produces morning glory flowers atop short peduncles. Each flower is 3 to 6 centimeters wide and white or cream in color, often tinted with light purple.

</doc>
<doc id="20858776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858776" title="Gaanderen railway station">
Gaanderen railway station

Gaanderen is a railway station located in Gaanderen, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 10 December 2006 and is located on the Winterswijk–Zevenaar railway. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Gaanderen:

</doc>
<doc id="20858785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858785" title="Big Jack (song)">
Big Jack (song)

"Big Jack" is a song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It is the second single and the third track on the band's most recent album, "Black Ice". This song was number 53 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. The song was also featured in an episode of "CSI: Miami" entitled "Divorce Party". It is rumored the song was inspired by a man Angus hung out with in Memphis while on the Stiff Upper Lip tour.
It is also one of the songs from the album "Black Ice" that was played on the Black Ice World Tour that commenced in October 2008 and ended in June 2010.
Digital amplification methods.
Malcolm Young has stated that he recorded his guitar part in the song (and the following track on the album, "Anything Goes") using Amplitube amp modeling software.

</doc>
<doc id="20858789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858789" title="Avatele Bay">
Avatele Bay

Avatele Bay is a large bay in the southwest coast of Niue. It stretches from Tepa Point in the island's extreme southwest northwards to Halagigie Point, the island's westernmost extremity. Two small settlements, Tamakautoga and Avatele lie close to the shore of the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20858790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858790" title="Canton of Montaigu-de-Quercy">
Canton of Montaigu-de-Quercy

The canton of Montaigu-de-Quercy is a French administrative division in the county of Tarn-et-Garonne and region Midi-Pyrénées.
Communes.
The communes in the canton of Montaigu-de-Quercy':

</doc>
<doc id="20858794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858794" title="Puthukkudiyiruppu (Batticaloa)">
Puthukkudiyiruppu (Batticaloa)

Puthukkudiyiruppu (Pronounced : Puthuk-kudiy-iruppu, Tamil meaning: new settlement) is a village in the Batticaloa District of Sri Lanka. It can be spelled in different ways in English, however in the local Tamil language it can only be spelled one way. There is another Puthukkudiyiruppu in the Mullaitivu District of Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="20858808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858808" title="Lincoln–Roosevelt League">
Lincoln–Roosevelt League

The Lincoln–Roosevelt League (officially known as the League of Lincoln-Roosevelt Republican Clubs) was founded in 1907 by California journalists Chester H. Rowell of the "Fresno Morning Republican" and Edward Dickson of the "Los Angeles Express". Initially, it was a coalition of progressive Republican activists. Although it never had more than 100 members, the league was instrumental in the election of Hiram Johnson as governor of California in 1910 and the formation of the national Progressive Party in 1912.
The initial aim of the league was to curb the power of the Southern Pacific Company in California politics. Some specific elements of their appeal for reform were a direct primary system; the voter initiative, referendum, and recall; "the regulation of public utilities; the conservation of forests; the outlawing of child labor, prostitution, and gambling; hospital and prison reform; women's suffrage; and a minimum wage law for working women; the direct election of United States senators; the systemization of public finance; charter reform; public transportation." 

</doc>
<doc id="20858813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858813" title="Emil Løvlien">
Emil Løvlien

Emil H. Løvlien (22 September 1899 – 1973) was a Norwegian forest worker, trade unionist and politician from Løten. He represented the Labour Party until the split in 1923, and the Communist Party thereafter. He was the chairman of the Communist Party from 1946 to 1965, and served three terms in the Norwegian Parliament.
Pre-war life and career.
Emil Løvlien was born in Løiten as the son of smallholder Herman Løvlien (1858–1941) and his wife Oline (1857–1932). He was the younger brother of Ole H. Løvlien. Emil Løvlien attended secondary modern school from 1913, but left in 1914 to become a forest worker. In 1918 Løvlien joined the local branch of the trade union, Norwegian Union of Forestry and Land Workers. He also became involved in politics, and was selected as a member of the board of the local chapter of the Labour Party.
In 1922 Løvlien was selected to the national board of the Union of Forestry and Land Workers. He was elected to serve in Løten municipal council, but left the board of the Labour Party chapter, only to return in 1923 as a board member of the local Communist Party chapter. The Communist Party had split from the Labour Party in 1923, due to the latter's unwillingness to accept the Twenty-one Conditions, leading to exclusion from the Comintern. The next year, in 1924, Løvlien left the national board of the Union of Forestry and Land Workers, but began a two-year stint as board member of the Communist Party in Hedmark.
Løvlien stood for parliamentary election in 1930 and 1933, but unsuccessfully. In 1931, he was again elected to the municipal council. He was re-elected in 1934, and in the same year he became the party secretary of the Communist Party nationwide. Due to this position, he was also a member of the party's central committee, and served as a member of the board of the party newspaper "Arbeideren" from 1934. From 1936 he was also a member of the party politburo. He left all positions in 1940, the year that Norway was invaded by Nazi Germany, and the Communist Party declared illegal.
Post-war career.
In 1945, at the first elections after the liberation of Norway from German occupation, Løvlien was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Hedmark. He was a member of the Standing Committee of Finance and Customs and the Election Committee, served as Vice President of the Odelsting and as a representative to the Inter-Parliamentary Union. He also took over as party chairman of the Communist Party, in 1946.
Løvlien was not re-elected to Parliament in 1949, but returned in 1953 and 1957 to serve two more terms. During both these terms he continued as a member of the Standing Committee of Finance and Customs and the Election Committee. He stood for re-election in 1961, but lost out to Karen Grønn-Hagen of the Centre Party. The margin was extremely small by Norwegian standards; only 16 votes. As such Løvlien was the last member of parliament to be elected from the Communist Party ticket (Reidar T. Larsen was elected in 1973, but as a part of the Socialist Electoral League).
Løvlien stepped down as chairman of the Communist Party in 1965. He continued as a member of Løten municipal council until his death. His brother Ole H. Løvlien became mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="20858818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858818" title="Alofi Bay">
Alofi Bay

Alofi Bay is the northern of the two large bays which make up most of the west coast of the island of Niue, the other being Avatele Bay south of it. It stretches from Makapu Point in the island's northwest to Halagigie Point, the island's westernmost extremity. 
The island's largest settlement, Alofi, is located close to the shore of the bay, as are the smaller settlements of Aliutu and Tufukia.

</doc>
<doc id="20858822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858822" title="Portuguese Chess Federation">
Portuguese Chess Federation

The Portuguese Chess Federation () is the governing body for chess in Portugal. It is affiliated to FIDE. Its president is Francisco Castro.
Portuguese Team Championship.
Up to 2008, the national team championship was a 9-round competition involving 10 teams. Each match was played across four boards. From 2009 to 2011, the championship was fought by 16 teams across six boards (2009-2010; four boards 2011). The 2012 edition returned to the old model.
Portuguese Chess Cup.
The Portuguese Chess Cup () is open to all clubs registered with the Portuguese Chess Federation. Each match is played across four boards.
Portuguese Individual Championship.
The Portuguese Chess Championship is the annual individual national chess championship of Portugal. It was established in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20858823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858823" title="Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railroad">
Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railroad

The Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railroad was established in 1915 as a reorganization of the Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railway, which in turn was created in 1902 as a merger of the Indiana, Decatur and Western Railway (ID&W) and Cincinnati, Hamilton and Indianapolis Railroad (CH&I). Predecessors of the ID&W include the Indianapolis, Decatur and Western Railway (1888-1894), the Indianapolis & Wabash Railway (1887-1888), the Indianapolis, Decatur and Springfield Railway (1875-1887), and the Indiana and Illinois Central Railway (1853-1875).
In 1925 it reported 376 million net ton-miles of revenue freight and 14 million passenger-miles; at the end of that year it operated 347 miles of road and 460 miles of track. A few years later it moved into the B&O system.

</doc>
<doc id="20858829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858829" title="Puthukkudiyiruppu (Mullaitivu)">
Puthukkudiyiruppu (Mullaitivu)

Puthukkudiyiruppu (, Sinhala: ඵුතුක්කුඩියිරුප්පු) (Pronounced : Puthuk-kudiy-iruppu) is a small town in the Mullaitivu District of Sri Lanka. 
There are four main roads which lead to Mullaithivu in the east, Paranthan towards west, Iranaipalai towards north and Oddusuddan towards south
Most of the villagers are farmers and there is a significant proportion of people do fishing too. 
Until 1990s when there was a massive influx of people from Jaffna district. The small government dispensary with two wards became one of the main hospitals in Mullitivu district.
History.
Until it was declared as a separate DRO (Divisional Revenue Division), it was under Mullaithivu. Subsequently when it was declared as a separate DRO division Mr Amirthalingam became the first DRO. Later it became the Divisional Secretary division with the administrative reforms. 
Being mainly a farming community, the structure of houses were unique until about 1960s. The houses usually consisted of four blocks. There was a main lounge with half walls, a closed block with one door which was used as the bedroom, a kitchen and a store house for paddy.

</doc>
<doc id="20858830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858830" title="Halagigie Point">
Halagigie Point

Halagigie Point is the westernmost point on the island of Niue in Polynesia. It lies to the southwest of the capital, Alofi, between the two large bays of Alofi Bay (to the north) and Avatele Bay (to the south).

</doc>
<doc id="20858836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858836" title="Dutch Top 40 number-one hits of 1981">
Dutch Top 40 number-one hits of 1981

These hits topped the Dutch Top 40 in 1981 (see 1981 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="20858837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858837" title="2009 US Open (tennis)">
2009 US Open (tennis)

The 2009 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts, held from August 31 to September 14, 2009 in the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center at Flushing Meadows, New York City, United States. Originally, it was scheduled to end with the men's singles final match on Sunday, September 13, but due to rain the tournament was extended by one day. Like the Australian Open, the tournament featured night matches.
Former World No. 1 and 2005 US Open women's singles champion, Kim Clijsters, competed in the 2009 US Open after being granted a wild card entry, returning to professional tennis after more than two years of retirement. She made it to the women's singles semi-finals, where she knocked out the defending champion Serena Williams in controversial circumstances. In the final, Clijsters defeated Caroline Wozniacki, the first Dane, man or woman, to reach a Grand Slam final in the Open Era, in straight sets: 7–5, 6–3. Clijsters thus became the first mother to win a Grand Slam since Evonne Goolagong Cawley in 1980. In the process, she also became the first unseeded player and wildcard to win the tournament.
In the men's singles final, five-time defending champion Roger Federer lost to Argentina's Juan Martín del Potro in a match lasting over four hours.
Arthur Ashe Kids' Day.
The Arthur Ashe Kids' Day was held on August 29, 2009, prior to the start of the tournament. It featured an exhibition tennis match involving American player Andy Roddick and Great Britain's Andy Murray, who were joined by actor and comedian Will Ferrell. "American Idol" winner Jordin Sparks performed her hit single "Battlefield", along with rising stars Honor Society and Justin Bieber. There were also tennis matches and contests featuring Serena Williams, Ana Ivanovic Andy Roddick, Roger Federer, Maria Sharapova, Kim Clijsters, and James Blake. The popular tennis and music festival, which included interactive games, musical entertainment and tennis clinics, was hosted by television personalities Susie Castillo and Quddus.
Day-by-day summaries.
Day 1 (August 31).
The first day of the tournaments saw many seeds get through pretty easily in straight sets: Roger Federer, James Blake, Lleyton Hewitt, Nikolay Davydenko and Radek Štěpánek. The day also produced a couple of upsets, when Mikhail Youzhny continued 26th seeded Paul-Henri Mathieu's horrible US Open record by beating him in four. While, tall American John Isner did the same to 28th seeded Victor Hănescu by ending the Romanian's 2009 bid in three with the second set going to a tie-break 16-14. The exciting day continued with a couple of five-set marathons, with Simon Greul defeating Giovanni Lapentti, Guillermo García López out-lasting Peter Polansky, and Jan Hernych surviving against Rainer Schüttler. The days last match featured America's hope Andy Roddick prevailing over Björn Phau in straight sets in a match that started at 11:00 pm.
On the women's side, former world no. 1 Kim Clijsters opened the play, winning over Viktoriya Kutuzova losing only two games. Joining her were defending 2009 Wimbledon and Australian Open champion Serena Williams, Amélie Mauresmo, Victoria Azarenka, Flavia Pennetta, Elena Vesnina, Agnieszka Radwańska, Li Na and Marion Bartoli who all won in two sets. Australian Samantha Stosur was pushed by veteran player Ai Sugiyama in three sets, Daniela Hantuchová got past American Meghann Shaughnessy in three as well. In the first night match, Venus Williams was able to claw her way to avoid an upset to win against Russian Vera Dushevina in a very close three-setter. Venus committed four foot faults in the match. With Venus and Serena getting past the first round, a few American players saw success on the women's side with Vania King, Bethanie Mattek-Sands, and Jill Craybas getting to the second round. Austrian and 28th seeded Sybille Bammer, who defeated Serena Williams in Cincinnati, and 25th seeded Kaia Kanepi were the only casualties of the day.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 2 (September 1).
On the men's side, many seeded players got through in straight sets: 2008 US Open runner-up Andy Murray, 2008 Australian Open Champion Novak Djokovic, Tomáš Berdych, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Fernando González, and Fernando Verdasco. No. 30 seed Victor Troicki survived a five-set scare, 6-3, 6-3, 1-6, 2-6, 6-1. However, some seeds failed to be as lucky and fell in the first round with Ivo Karlović falling to Iván Navarro and Igor Andreev falling to American Jesse Witten, both in straight sets, while Stanislas Wawrinka fell in five. American players were once again successful, with 5 out of the 11 getting past the first round: Sam Querrey, Kevin Kim, Jesse Witten, Jesse Levine, and Taylor Dent.
On the women's side, the first major upset of the tournament occurred with Ukrainian Kateryna Bondarenko upsetting 11th seed and former world no. 1 Ana Ivanovic. Ivanovic committed 50 unforced errors. In the second round, her sister Alona Bondarenko, 2009 French Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova, Maria Sharapova, Elena Dementieva, Nadia Petrova and Tathiana Garbin all advanced. Other seeded players that were eliminated in the first round were 32nd seed Ágnes Szávay, losing to Israeli Shahar Pe'er in straight sets, Alisa Kleybanova, losing to Petra Kvitová in three and Virginie Razzano losing to Yanina Wickmayer in straight sets. Day 2 was a good day for women American players with three out of five getting through: Melanie Oudin, Shenay Perry, and Christina McHale. However, world no. 1 Dinara Safina struggled in her match against Olivia Rogowska but manage to survive, winning in three sets
On the doubles side, the day was led by 2nd seeded Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić, who won in straight sets, and the only seeds that were eliminated were No. 15 seed Stephen Huss and Ross Hutchins
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 3 (September 2).
The men's side saw Rafael Nadal playing his first match at the 2009 US Open and winning against his friend Richard Gasquet. He was joined by no. 1 seed Roger Federer, Juan Martín del Potro, Gaël Monfils, Lleyton Hewitt, Juan Carlos Ferrero, and Gilles Simon, who all won in straight, while David Ferrer, Nicolás Almagro and American Robby Ginepri won in 4. Joining them was Austrian Jürgen Melzer, who defeated Marat Safin in Safin's last Grand Slam match.
On the women's side, upsets continued with Amélie Mauresmo falling to Aleksandra Wozniak, Anabel Medina Garrigues losing to Kirsten Flipkens, and dark horse favorite Australian Samantha Stosur losing to American Vania King, all in straight sets, while Marion Bartoli and Agnieszka Radwańska both fell to resurging players Kim Clijsters and Maria Kirilenko in three. However, the day also saw half of the seeds getting through easily and was led by former champion Venus Williams and Flavia Pennetta, who won in double bagel, Victoria Azarenka, Francesca Schiavone, Elena Vesnina, and Li Na. The day ended for the first time in over 30 years in the US Open history by a women's match, which saw Serena Williams dispatching Melinda Czink in just 53 minutes.
On the doubles side, there were a couple of major upsets: sixth seeded Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski, fell in their opening round, as well as unseeded world no. 8 in doubles Lisa Raymond and her partner Shenay Perry.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 4 (September 3).
Day 4 continued the success of the top men's seeds, with no. 4 seed Novak Djokovic dispatching Carsten Ball 6-2, 6-4, 6-4. He was joined by 2009 French Open runner-up Robin Söderling, 2009 French Open semifinalist Tommy Haas, 2009 Hamburg Open Champion Nikolay Davydenko, Philipp Kohlschreiber, and Tommy Robredo. The Americans once again took advantage of their home court, with four of them winning their matches: James Blake surviving against Olivier Rochus in four, with Blake committing 53 unforced errors, John Isner, Jesse Witten, and Sam Querrey. Andy Roddick once again got through easily against Marc Gicquel 6-1, 6-4, 6-4. He produced 33 winners and only 10 unforced errors in the last match of the night.
The women's side received a lot of buzz, with 17-year-old American Melanie Oudin upsetting hot favorite and US Open Series champion Elena Dementieva in the second round. Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan upset last year's runner-up Jelena Janković in three sets. Seeded players who joined Dementieva and Janković were Alona Bondarenko, who lost to Gisela Dulko, and Patty Schnyder, who lost in straight sets, while Sabine Lisicki lost in three to the last Australian and qualifier on the draw Anastasia Rodionova. No. 1 seed Dinara Safina once again survived a scare from Kristina Barrois, winning 6(5)–7, 6–2, 6–3. However, a few seeded players got through quite easily, led by Russians Svetlana Kuznetsova, Maria Sharapova, Nadia Petrova, and Danish player Caroline Wozniacki. Unseeded players who got through in straight sets were Kateryna Bondarenko, who eliminated Ivanovic, Shahar Pe'er, Sara Errani, and Petra Kvitová.
On the doubles side, it was the opposite, with all of the women's doubles seeds getting through. However, on the men's side, the highest seeded players who fell were no. 9 seeded Łukasz Kubot and Oliver Marach, losing to veteran doubles players Leoš Friedl and Jaroslav Levinský.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 5 (September 4).
The fifth day of the US Open saw many seeds struggle on the men's side, with no. 30 seed Viktor Troicki losing to Julien Benneteau in four sets, and no. 18 seed David Ferrer losing to José Acasuso in five sets. This day also saw Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray struggle with their matches, with both of them being pushed to four sets. A couple of seeds were also pushed to four: Tomáš Berdych and Fernando González. No. 24 seed Juan Carlos Ferrero and no. 16 seed Marin Čilić both survived their matches, despite losing the first two sets. Many victors were pushed to five sets: Nicolás Almagro, a returning Taylor Dent, and Denis Istomin. Although many seeds struggled, French seeds got through easily with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Gaël Monfils, and Gilles Simon winning their Matches on straight sets. They were joined by Argentine Juan Martín del Potro, who also won in straight sets.
On the women's side, there were not a lot of surprises, except Victoria Azarenka, who fell to Italian Francesca Schiavone in three sets after Azarenka double-faulted on a match point. The rest of the matches were all won in straight sets, led by Serena Williams, who defeated María José Martínez Sánchez, who had a controversial match at the 2009 French Open. She was joined by Daniela Hantuchová, who crushed American Vania King, Li Na, Kim Clijsters, Flavia Pennetta, and Venus Williams. One seeded player, Elena Vesnina, was eliminated, but it wasn't a major shocker, as she fell to 7th seed Vera Zvonareva.
On the doubles side, there were no major surprises on the men's side, but on the women's side, seventh seeded Su-Wei Hsieh and Shuai Peng were ousted by the American team of Alexa Glatch and Carly Gullickson. They were followed by no. 14 seed Sania Mirza and Francesca Schiavone, who lost to Shahar Pe'er and Gisela Dulko in a tight three-setter
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 6 (September 5).
Five-time defending champion Swiss Roger Federer took out the 2001 Champion Lleyton Hewitt in four sets after losing the first to set up a match-up with Spaniard Tommy Robredo in the fourth round, who beat American James Blake in three sets. Swede Robin Söderling took out the young American Sam Querrey in four sets in order to advance to face Russian Nikolay Davydenko in the fourth round, who won his match against Swiss qualifier Marco Chiudinelli in straight sets. One-time slam champion Novak Djokovic won in a four-set match after losing the first set against American qualifier Jesse Witten in order to advance to the fourth round against Czech Radek Štěpánek, who won in a match against German Philipp Kohlschreiber in four sets after losing the first. Spaniard Fernando Verdasco sent German Tommy Haas packing in a brutal five-set match, Verdasco met American John Isner in the next round because Isner eliminated the 2003 champion Andy Roddick from the tournament in another five-set battle.
American Melanie Oudin defeated three-time slam champion and 2006 US Open Champion Russian Maria Sharapova in three sets, losing the first and winning the next two to advance into the fourth round. Russian Nadia Petrova defeated Chinese Zheng Jie 6-4, 6-1 to set up a match with Melanie Oudin in the fourth round. Danish Caroline Wozniacki took out doubles partner Romanian Sorana Cîrstea in the third round in 6-3, 6-2, which allowed her to set up a match with Svetlana Kuznetsova in the fourth round, after Kuznetsova beat Israeli Shahar Pe'er 7-5, 6-1. Ukrainian Kateryna Bondarenko bested Australian qualifier Anastasia Rodionova in the third round 7-6(4), 6-4, which allowed her to meet Argentine Gisela Dulko, who beat Kazakhstan's Yaroslava Shvedova 6-3, 6-4. Czech Petra Kvitová took down top-seeded world no. 1 Russian Dinara Safina in three up-and-down sets 4-6, 6-2, 7-6(5). This set up a fourth-round match with Belgian Yanina Wickmayer, who took down Italian Sara Errani with a score of 6-3, 6-4.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 7 (September 6).
Spaniards Rafael Nadal and Nicolás Almagro played in a third-round match which was won in straight sets by Rafael Nadal, who would face Frenchman Gaël Monfils in the fourth round. Monfils beat Argentine José Acasuso in straight sets. Chilean Fernando González won in straight sets against Czech Tomáš Berdych and would face Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, who beat fellow Frenchman Julien Benneteau in straight sets. Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero won over higher-seeded Frenchman Gilles Simon. Ferrero advanced to play Argentine Juan Martín del Potro, who won in four sets over Austrian Daniel Köllerer. Croatian Marin Čilić won in three easy sets over Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan to face Briton Andy Murray, who beat American Taylor Dent in three sets.
American Serena Williams beat Slovakian Daniela Hantuchová in two sets that totaled 64 minutes of action to face in the quarterfinals Italian Flavia Pennetta, who beat Russian Vera Zvonareva. Zvonareva had six match points in the second set, but had a meltdown and lost the third set 6-0. Chinese Li Na won in two sets over Italian Francesca Schiavone. Na advanced to play wild-card Belgian Kim Clijsters, who took down third-seeded Venus Williams in three sets after two love games, 6-0 for Clijsters and 0-6 for Venus Williams. The third set went to Clijsters in one break of Venus's serve 6-4.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 8 (September 7).
Swede Robin Söderling advanced to the quarterfinals with a retirement of Russian Nikolay Davydenko to face the Swiss Roger Federer, who beat Spaniard Tommy Robredo in straight sets. This would mark the third time the duo of Federer and Söderling has met in a Grand Slam in 2009, including the 2009 French Open final and the 2009 Wimbledon Championships fourth round, which were both won by Federer. Spaniard Fernando Verdasco beat American John Isner to advance into the quarterfinals, which means for the first time in US Open history no American male advanced into the quarterfinals of the tournament. Verdasco would face Serbian Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals because Djokovic took down Czech Radek Štěpánek in straight sets. After defeating Štěpánek, Djokovic provided a light-hearted moment for the crowd along with former tennis great and current commentator John McEnroe. Djokovic began by impersonating McEnroe, who grew up in the nearby Queens neighborhood of Douglaston. He then motioned for McEnroe to come down from the press box; McEnroe obliged, mimicking some of Djokovic's mannerisms before the two played a few points. The two then embraced at the net.
The first match featured Ukrainian Kateryna Bondarenko making quick work of Argentine Gisela Dulko in double-bagel sets in 47 minutes. Dulko had beaten Bondarenko's sister, Alona Bondarenko, in the second round. with Dulko making 20 unforced errors compared to Bondarenko's 6, while Bondarenko made 17 winners to Dulko's 7 Melanie Oudin's Cinderella story continues at the 2009 US Open. The 17-year-old Georgia native's incredible run is still going strong, as Oudin advanced to her first Grand Slam quarterfinal with a 1-6, 7-6(2), 6-3 come-from-behind win over No. 13 seed Nadia Petrova. On her third match point, Oudin hit a screaming forehand crosscourt winner that landed out of Petrova's reach. The second the ball hit the open court, she raised her arms and dropped her racket, with the entire crowd in Arthur Ashe Stadium on its feet and erupting in celebration. But the cheers were not only limited to the main show court. Petrova dominated through the beginning stages of the match, using her power baseline game to stun the young American. An opening service break was the only time Petrova dropped a game in the first set. But it wasn’t until the second set that her game started to fall apart, and she just could not keep the ball in play. Petrova hit a staggering 59 unforced errors on the match, 25 of which came in the second set, and another 22 in the third. The second set saw Oudin take a quick 5-0 lead in the breaker, capitalizing on the Russian's errors. A Petrova forehand that sailed wide gave the American the set. Petrova served to stay in the match at 5-3, saving two match points. But on Oudin's third match point, she fired a solid crosscourt forehand, a shot that she relied on to win so many rallies in the match, and closed it out. Belgian Yanina Wickmayer won in a three-set match against Czech Petra Kvitová to advance into the quarterfinals, making two Belgians who have advanced to the quarterfinalss for the first time since the 2003 US Open tournament, the first set saw Kvitová control the match with her winners and unforced errors, the rest of the match saw the same with Wickmayer making more winners and unforced errors, however for Kvitová, Wickmayer took advantage of the Czech's unforced errors and win the match 4-6 6-4 7-5. Caroline Wozniacki survived over an erratic Svetlana Kuznetsova 2-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) in an absorbing 2 ½ hour contest that kicked off Monday's night session on Arthur Ashe Stadium. The ninth seed saved a pair of match points prior to the final tiebreak with courageous winners. She ended up losing the last four points of the affair, though, and delivered a staggering 63 unforced errors 55 coming from the last 2 sets to go along with 59 winners. Wozniacki was more solid, with respective numbers of 25 and 16. Things started off well for Wozniacki, breaking Kuznetsova at the start. A fierce Kuznetsova forehand overpowered Wozniacki in the ensuing game to make it. Wozniacki's misery was complete in getting broken at 2-5 from 40-15 up. The errors increased for the Russian, and mounted in the third game, especially on the backhand. Wozniacki broke, conceded serve, and regained the advantage for 5-4. Kuznetsova picked on a second serve to make it 5-5, and a first tiebreak was needed. Wozniacki won it 7-5. Twelve of the 14 points saw either a Kuznetsova winner or unforced error. Somewhat predictably, Kuznetsova then hit a forehand into the net as Wozniacki stood stranded on the baseline. Riding the momentum, Wozniacki tossed away the first game of the decider, broken after leading 40-15. Kuznetsova almost reciprocated, but hung on by putting away a smash for 2-0. Kuznetsova's collapse began at 3-2, missing three routine forehands. Down 4-3 and tied 15-all, Kuznetsova sent an easy backhand volley wide. Two more unforced errors followed, allowing Wozniacki to serve for the match. Kuznetsova broke back, and then faced a first match point at 4-5 when a tentative forehand gave Wozniacki a backhand pass, which he took. Typical of Kuznetsova, a stunning backhand down the line thwarted the danger. Two straight aces made it 5-5, but Kuznetsova blew a 30-0 lead at 5-6, double faulting to set up match point No. 2. She went for it again, and delivered, smacking an inside out forehand winner. An ace eventually leveled the score at 6-6. Wozniacki pulled ahead 3-0. Pegged back to 3-3, Kuznetsova let Wozniacki off the hook by sending a forehand into the net, and slicing a backhand into the net. An errant return sailed wide for 6-3, and this time there was no comeback. A forehand into the net made it 7-3.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 9 (September 8).
In the fourth round of men's singles, Juan Martín del Potro won in straight sets over 2003 finalist Juan Carlos Ferrero 6-3 6-3 6-3, The first set saw del Potro convert the only break point in the set, while on the second set he converted 2 out 3, while Ferrero failed the two that he had, while on the third set del Potro convert only one of his 5 opportunities and Ferrero once again wasn't able to capitalize with the two he had, Ferrero only serve 66% of his first serve, which was unusual for the Spaniard . This set up a quarterfinal clash with Marin Čilić, who upset second-seeded Andy Murray in straight sets as well, this match saw Murray losing his fire, as he failed to convert all of his 7 break points opportunities, while Cilic converted 5 of his 9, Cilic was also impressive in the net as he converted 19 of 20 net points. In a closely contested match Fernando González prevailed over Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in four sets, Tsonga rushed the net with a pair of successful serve-and-volley plays to hold for 1-0. Then Tsonga broke the Gonzalez serve at the fourth games for a 3-1 lead. The Chilean reacted by bashing his Babolat frame into the backdrop, scaring a ballboy and drawing a healthy round of "boos" from the fans. He bounced it off the court four points later before winning back the crowd by donating the cursed racquet to a fan in the front row. Despite getting back the fans he wasn't able to break back. Gonzalez started the second set strongly, holding at love and earning a break point in Tsonga's first service game. Tsonga serve-and-volleyed off a 128 mph delivery, but the Chilean's dipping backhand return forced him to hit a defensive volley, allowing Gonzalez to crush a crosscourt forehand winner. Tsonga had a chance to break back at 1-3, but Gonzalez ran him off the court with another crosscourt forehand before stretching for a drop volley winner. He pumped his fist, held his serve, then clinched the second set. Little separated the players during the 61-minute third set. with the set coming to a tie-break.
Gonzalez saved three break points in the sixth game, holding with a run-around forehand winner. Tsonga returned the favor in the 11th game by fighting off three break points on his own serve, punctuating the hold with a 137 mph service winner. From 3-4 in the tiebreaker, Tsonga made two more first serves, but Gonzalez hit two better backhand passing shots. He took the set with an ace off the service tee, to the delight of a large Chilean contingent in the crowd. Tsonga let two break points slip away in the first game of the fourth set as Gonzalez fired yet another round of forehands at the Frenchman. The seventh-seeded Tsonga finished just 1-of-14 on break points. Gonzalez risked losing the crowd support again early in the fourth when he broke with US Open tradition and demanded a ball back from a fan who caught it. One point later, Tsonga hit an overhead winner into the crowd, as if to make up for Gonzalez’ request for his ball back earlier in the match. Gonzalez then broke Tsonga in the game and the 11th-seeded Gonzalez advanced to his second US Open quarterfinal, having reached this stage seven years ago. He is now set to face Rafael Nadal in the quarterfinals who outlasted the last Frenchman Gaël Monfils in four sets, the first featured Monfils give up an early lead in the 1st set but still claimed it in a tie-break, despite a good 1st set, the next sets saw Nadal takeover the match, as he converted 7 of his 12 break point opportunities.
Belgian wild-card Kim Clijsters won over Chinese Li Na in two sets 6-2, 6-4 to make it to the semifinals, in the first set Li uncharacteristically made a lot of unforced errors, but the second set saw a much more competitive match between the two in the first 8 games, however Clijsters was able to crush Li in the last two games. The next match featured American Serena Williams who took out a gritty competitor in Italian Flavia Pennetta in the quarterfinals in two hard-fought sets. After both players held serve in the first nine games of the first set, Pennetta finally cracked while serving at 4-5. She had a double fault and then hit three consecutive errors with her forehand to lose the game at love, Serena on the other hand didn't face any break points. The second set saw Pennetta's inability to take advantage of her 2 break points in the first of game of the second set, with Serena serving aces at deuce to take the game, Williams got her second break to go up 4-2 when Pennetta double faulted at 30-40. In a long point from the baseline indicative of the entire match, Williams hit a forehand pass down the line to wrap it up. She then did a two-handed fist-pump before going to the net to congratulate Pennetta on a hard-fought contest. This set up a meeting in the semifinals with Clijsters, who took out Serena's sister Venus in the fourth round.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 10 (September 9).
The first quarterfinals match in the Men's side featured no. 4 seed Novak Djokovic taking on no. 10 seed Fernando Verdasco, with Novak Djokovic prevailing over Fernando Verdasco 7–6(2), 1–6, 7–5, 6–2 to reach his third straight semi-finals in the US Open, even though not playing his best according to his own standards. The first set showed a slow start for both players with Djokovic making 19 unforced errors while Verdasco making 18, with Djokovic eventually prevailing 7-6(2), The second set featured a domination by Verdasco, breaking the Djokovic serve 3 times out of 8 opportunities while not facing a break point on his own serve, The third set saw Verdasco gave out the set making 21 unforced errors compared to Djokovic's, The final set saw Djokovic prevail over Verdasco 6-2 to win the match, with Verdasco struggling with an abdominal injury, calling a trainer trailing 1-2 in the set, Djokovic claimed the last 5 out 6 games. The next match saw Robin Söderling vs no. 1 seed Roger Federer, this was the third time Federer and Söderling met in a slam in 2009, including the French Open Final, and the fourth round at Wimbledon. With Federer prevailing 6–0, 6–3, 6–7(6), 7–6(6) to win over the Swed. Federer won the first two sets comfortably 6-0, 6-3 in just 59 minutes, however the third set saw Söderling claw back in the match by claiming the third set in a tie-break 8-6, while the fourth set saw Federer win the match with same score in the tie-break as well, the last two sets featured no breaks not break point opportunities.
The third quarterfinals match and the first of the day for the Women's side featured Belgian Yanina Wickmayer beating Kateryna Bondarenko of Ukraine in two sets, joining Belgian Kim Clijsters in the semi-finals. The first set saw both players holding their serve until Wickmayer broke in the 5th game, while Wickmayer was serving for the set at 5-4, despite saving two break points in the 10th game, Bondarenko broke at her third opportunity, but was easily broken back at the next game, with Wickmayer closing the set 7-5. The second set saw Wickmayer breaking in the first game, and Bondarenko taking the next four games, and Wickmayer winning the next five games to claim the second set 6-4 and the match. This set up a semifinal match with Caroline Wozniacki from Denmark, who defeated the Cinderella-story American seventeen-year-old Melanie Oudin in two sets 6-2 6-2. And Caroline Wozniacki reaching her first Grand Slam Semi-finals, the match featured only 16 winners (11 of them coming from Oudin) and 63 unforced errors between them (43 of them coming from Oudin).
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 11 (September 10).
Argentinie Juan Martín del Potro defeated Croatian Marin Čilić in four sets and became the third of his country to qualify for the semifinals (after Vilas and Nalbandian). The other quarterfinal match between Rafael Nadal and Fernando González was suspended due to bad weather and would be resumed on Friday. Rafael Nadal was leading 7-6(4), 6-6(3-2) when play was stopped.
The Williams sisters defeated Russians Alisa Kleybanova and Ekaterina Makarova in three sets and qualified for the final. The mixed doubles final saw Americans Carly Gullickson and Travis Parrott claim the title in straight sets over Zimbabwe's Cara Black and Indian Leander Paes.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 12 (September 11).
All the matches that should have been played this day were postponed due to the continued rain.
Schedule of play
Day 13 (September 12).
Rafael Nadal needed 34 minutes to finish off a demoralized Fernando González in their rain-interrupted quarterfinal, advancing 7-6 (4), 7-6 (2), 6-0 to kick off action on Arthur Ashe Stadium. Nadal led 7-6 and 3-2 in a second-set tiebreak when play was called off late Thursday evening. Precipitation throughout a gloomy Friday rendered play impossible, throwing the schedule into chaos and prompting a resumption Saturday at noon. Gonzalez had to win the second set to have any realistic shot of pulling off an upset, but he made three straight forehand unforced errors to gift Nadal a 6-2 lead. The forehand is Gonzalez's most potent wing. Nadal's fourth set point – he squandered three prior to the tiebreak – ended with a Gonzalez backhand return into the net. Gonzalez coughed up two double faults in the first game of the third, including on break point. Not surprisingly, the temperamental 29-year-old responded by flinging his racquet in disgust. After Nadal held in the ensuing game for 2-0, at deuce, things were over. Nadal broke again, and Gonzalez needed an extensive tape job during the changeover, the lone reason the third set extended to 31 minutes. Gonzalez, who wasted two set points in the first on the Nadal serve, claimed 12 points and committed 21 unforced errors. He managed three winners in the third, far less than the 31 combined in the first two sets.
Kim Clijsters won an entry into the women's singles final after a dramatic ending to her semifinal against Serena Williams. After losing the first set 4–6, Williams smashed her racquet into the ground, giving her a code violation warning for racquet abuse from the chair umpire. In the second set, down 5–6 (15–30), Williams had a foot fault called on her second serve, giving Clijsters two match points at 15–40. Williams started yelling at the line umpire, who reported to the chair umpire. As a result, she was penalized for another code violation, for unsportsmanlike conduct, meaning a point penalty for Williams, which meant that Clijsters was awarded the match 6–4 7–5 without playing the match point. Williams later admitted that she was "pretty sure" she did foot fault. After securing her thirteenth straight win at the US Open, Clijsters went go on to play Danish youngster Caroline Wozniacki in the final, who beat her unseeded opponent Yanina Wickmayer 6–3 6–3.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 14 (September 13).
In the first match, Juan Martín del Potro defeated third-ranked Rafael Nadal easily, winning 6-2, 6-2, 6-2 and became the first finalist of the men's singles tournament. Del Potro's convincing victory, which echoed Caroline Wozniacki's takedown of crowd favorite Melanie Oudin in the quarterfinals, set the twenty-year-old Argentine up for his first Grand Slam final.
In the second semifinal of the women's doubles championship Cara Black and Liezel Huber defeated Samantha Stosur and Rennae Stubbs in three sets and they became finalist of the championship to defend which they got in 2008.
Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes won the men's doubles defeating Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles also in three sets.
Del Potro's opponent in the men's championship match was decided in a contest between world number one Roger Federer and fourth-ranked Novak Djokovic, who lost to Federer in the final of the 2007 U.S. Open. Federer dispatched his opponent in straight sets, winning 7-6(3), 7-5, 7-5, to round out the final two players remaining from an original draw of 128 men's professional tennis players.
In the women's final, unranked Kim Clijsters capped off an impressive return to professional tennis with a win over ninth seed Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark, winning 7-5, 6-3, for her second Grand Slam title.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Day 15 (September 14).
The Williams sisters beat Cara Black and Liezel Huber in straight sets to win the women's doubles championship, 6-2 6-2.
Juan Martín del Potro defeated Roger Federer in five sets. In so doing he became the third Argentine to win the US Open title, and the first South American to win a men's Grand Slam event on a hard court.
There was some controversy during the presentation ceremony when the Master of Ceremonies initially refused to allow del Potro the time to speak in Spanish as he was under pressure from his American television network, CBS, to get the ceremony over with so that it could return to its regularly scheduled programming.
Seeded players out
Schedule of play
Seeds.
Withdrawals: David Nalbandian, Dominika Cibulková, Mardy Fish
Wildcard entries.
Below are the lists of the wildcard awardees entering in the main draws and in the qualifying draws.
Qualifiers.
Below are the lists of the qualifiers entering the main draw.
Women's Singles.
The following players received lucky loser spots in the Men's Draw:

</doc>
<doc id="20858840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858840" title="Minley Manor">
Minley Manor

Minley Manor is a Grade 2 listed country manor house, built in the French style by Henry Clutton in the 1860s with further additions in the 1880s. The Manor is situated 2 miles north of junction 4A of the M3 between Farnborough and Yateley in Hampshire, England and is situated in 38 hectares of grounds. 
History.
The current manor house was built in the French style by Henry Clutton between 1858 and 1860 for Raikes Currie, a partner in Glyn Mills' Bank. During the next three years attention turned to the estate, with the creation of formal gardens around the house and a kitchen garden. The remainder was landscaped as pleasure gardens by F W Meyer, working with the horticulturists Veitch & Sons of Exeter. On Raikes' death in 1881, his son Bertram continued the development, employing Messrs Veitch to lay out a Winter Garden and extensions to the pleasure gardens, which included Hawley Lake, in the 1880s. The house was the birthplace of the British diplomat Sir Reginald Hoare in 1882. Raikes' grandson Laurence Currie built a water tower, created a new complex of walled gardens and further extended the ornamental planting and woodland.
The property passed to the War Department in the 1934, initially for the Senior Wing of the nearby Staff College, Camberley. It has been used since 1971 as the Officers' Mess for Royal School of Military Engineering units at Gibraltar Barracks, which are located on the opposite side of the A327 Minley Road. One of the main features is a 600 metre Wellingtonia tree avenue, which was shown off to good effect in the 1969 movie "Mosquito Squadron", where the manor house played the part of a French château used as a prisoner of war camp and factory for the V-1 flying bomb. The Manor was also used as a location in the 2007 Victorian fantasy movie "Stardust", starring Robert De Niro and Michelle Pfeiffer.
There are plans as part of the RSME-PPP project with the Holdfast consortium for major works on the Gibraltar Barracks site, including a new officers' mess. The MoD intend to partially fund the project by the eventual sale of the Manor.

</doc>
<doc id="20858847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858847" title="Heather Chadwell (television personality)">
Heather Chadwell (television personality)

Heather Chadwell (born May 5, 1975) is an American actress, reality personality, entertainer, and CEO of Hollywood Heather, LLC. She is most known for her appearance on Vh1's Rock of Love, but has also ventured into acting with a small appearance on an episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. She has Anna Nicole Smith's former agent working as her agent now; they are working on a comedy film similar to the American Pie movies about "a dancer who wants to college."
Early life and education.
Heather was born on May 5, 1975 in Columbus, Ohio. She has five stepbrothers, which is what she claimed "made her a tomboy as a child." Growing up Heather was athletic; playing: soccer, volleyball, basketball, and softball. She temporarily lived in Jacksonville, Florida with her father until her parent's divorce. After her parents divorce she moved back to Ohio and enrolled in college. After transferring several times Heather finally settled with Ohio State University and graduated in 2002 with a degree in communications. Once finishing college Heather moved to Las Vegas, Nevada where she worked at a casino and a modeling agency on the side for five years.
Career.
Early television work.
In 2006, Heather was cast on the VH1 reality show "Rock of Love" which featured heavy metal rock group Poison’s front man, Bret Michaels, as he chooses a romantic partner from among twenty-five ladies. She did rather well, making it all the way to the final two. Nonetheless, she considers the experience one of the wildest and craziest times in her life. After the program, Heather worked on her autobiography and a calendar which were both made available in 2008.
Ventures into acting.
Heather Chadwell later became one of the twenty-five contestants in the VH1 reality show "I Love Money", which featured returning contestants from past VH1 reality shows such as "Flavor of Love", "I Love New York", and "Rock of Love with Bret Michaels". She again returned to VH1 on "Rock of Love Charm School", getting eliminated in episode nine. She continued her numerous television appearances, landing cameo roles in series like "Californication" and "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". Soon, she joined the Jerry Springer dating show "Baggage".

</doc>
<doc id="20858849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858849" title="Jardin botanique alpin du Lautaret">
Jardin botanique alpin du Lautaret

The Jardin botanique alpin du Lautaret (Alpine botanical garden of Lautaret) (2 hectares) is an alpine botanical garden located at 2100 metres altitude in the Col du Lautaret of the Dauphiné Alps, near Villar-d'Arêne, Hautes-Alpes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was created in 1899 by combined effort of the Touring Club de France, Professor Jean-Paul Lachmann of the Université scientifique de Grenoble, and M. Bonnabel, local hotelier. It was moved in 1919 to make way for a new road, and is now sited with excellent views of the Meije glaciers. The garden was abandoned during World War II, subsequently restored by Robert Ruffier-Lanche, declined again after his death in 1973, and revived in the early 1980s. In 1998 it was recognized by the "Conservatoire des Collections Végétales Spécialisées" (CCVS), and in 2005 it became a part of the Station Alpine Joseph Fourier.
Today the garden contains more than 2,100 species of alpine plants from around the world, and continues to be managed by Grenoble University as it has since its creation. Plants are presented in rockeries (4500 m²) corresponding to four major themes: geographical origin, habitat, properties, and taxonomy.

</doc>
<doc id="20858855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858855" title="Canton of Saint-Nicolas-de-la-Grave">
Canton of Saint-Nicolas-de-la-Grave

The canton of Saint-Nicolas-de-la-Grave is a French administrative division in the county of Tarn-et-Garonne and region Midi-Pyrénées.
Communes.
The communes in the canton of Saint-Nicolas-de-la-Grave:

</doc>
<doc id="20858865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858865" title="Dacorum Council election, 1999">
Dacorum Council election, 1999

Elections to Dacorum Council in Hertfordshire, England were held on 6 May 1999. The election in Highfield St Paul was delayed after the death of a Conservative candidate until a by-election was held on 3 June. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 1995 reducing the number of seats by 6. The Conservative party gained overall control of the council from no overall control, although it would fall back to no overall control after the by-election in June.

</doc>
<doc id="20858867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858867" title="Diamond Hill Historic District">
Diamond Hill Historic District

The Diamond Hill Historic District is a national historic district located in Lynchburg, Virginia. The district is irregularly shaped and approximately 14 blocks in area. It is wedged between the Lynchburg Expressway (Rt. 29) to the south and the city's central commercial core to the north. Most houses on Diamond Hill were erected during the late 19th and early 20th centuries and range from speculative houses to upper-middle-class residences. The more formidable residences line Washington and Clay streets and include a high number of Georgian Revival and Colonial Revival houses. Located in the district is the separately listed Diamond Hill Baptist Church.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and expanded in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20858869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858869" title="Hakupu">
Hakupu

Hakupu is a village on the island of Niue. It is located in the southeast of the island, close to Matatamane Point, and is connected by road with the capital Alofi (12 kilometres to the northwest), Avatele (7 kilometres to the west), and via the east coast road to Liku (12 kilometres), Lakepa (16 kilometres), and Mutalau (on the north coast, 20 kilometres away).

</doc>
<doc id="20858870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858870" title="Friedrich Wilhelm Eugen Döll">
Friedrich Wilhelm Eugen Döll

Friedrich Wilhelm Eugen Döll (8 October 1750, Veilsdorf bei Hildburghausen - 30 March 1816, Gotha) was a German sculptor.
Life.
A pupil under Ney, he spent time in Paris and Rome from 1770 to 1773 on behalf of Ernst (later duke of Gotha). In Rome he trained further under Raphael Mengs and Johann Friedrich Reiffenstein. On his return he was appointed court sculptor in 1781 and received commissions for busts, monuments and reliefs, particularly for the residences at Gotha, Anhalt-Dessau and Meiningen. In 1786 he became a professor (his own pupils included the painter Louise Seidler) and in 1787 was put in charge of art monuments in Gotha.
Works.
His masterworks are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20858874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858874" title="Geldrop railway station">
Geldrop railway station

Geldrop is a railway station located in Geldrop, a town in the Dutch municipality of Geldrop-Mierlo, in the province of North Brabant. The station was opened on 1 November 1913 and is located on the Eindhoven–Weert railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Geldrop:

</doc>
<doc id="20858875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858875" title="Jessica Burkhart">
Jessica Burkhart

Jessica Ashley (born January 29, 1987), better known by her pen name Jessica Burkhart, is an American author. Burkhart works primarily in the tween fiction genre, and is the writer of the "Canterwood Crest" series of novels.
Personal life and education.
During her childhood, Jessica Burkhart took an interest in equestrianism, and later developed a fondness for writing. Her freelance work was eventually featured in a number of magazines, including "The Writer". She began college at age 16 and graduated in 2007 with a BA in English from Florida State University.
In 2006, she completed a manuscript as part of National Novel Writing Month. While browsing Burkhart's blog, a literary agent learned of the novel and offered to read it, which eventually led her to sign the author. Afterward, Burkhart's novel, "Take the Reins", went through a series of revisions before being put on submission. In May 2007, she signed a four-book deal with Simon & Schuster. As a result, "Take the Reins" became the first novel in the "Canterwood Crest" series—a story about disparate schoolgirls engaged in equestrian competitions at an academy.
Throughout 2008, Burkhart worked on additional books in the series while helping to promote the first one online, largely through blogging and vlogging. The "Canterwood Crest" series was later extended. In 2010, she announced plans to write in the young-adult genre under her own surname, while maintaining her work in middle-grade fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20858878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858878" title="Norm Cook">
Norm Cook

Norman Cook (March 21, 1955 – December 22, 2008) was an American basketball player.
A 6'8" forward from Lincoln Community High School in Lincoln, Illinois, Cook played basketball at the University of Kansas from 1973 to 1976. He was named the Big Eight Conference's Freshman of the Year in 1974 after averaging 11.4 points per game and helping the Kansas Jayhawks reach the NCAA Final Four. Cook left the University of Kansas after his junior season to make himself eligible for the 1976 NBA Draft, where he was selected by the Boston Celtics. He appeared in 27 games over two seasons with the Celtics and Denver Nuggets, averaging 2.4 points per game. 
Cook's son, Brian Cook, has played for several NBA teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20858879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858879" title="Richard Powell (rugby player)">
Richard Powell (rugby player)

Richard 'Dick' Powell (1864-11 January 1944) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Abergavenny and Newport.
Rugby career.
Powell was first selected for Wales for a match against Scotland at Rodney Parade, as part of the 1888 Home Nations Championship. Under the captaincy of Tom Clapp, Wales won their very first match over Scotland, thanks to a first-half Thomas Pryce-Jenkins try. Powell was reselected for the very next Wales game away to Ireland at Lansdowne Road. Wales lost heavily and Powell was one of eight Welsh players who would never represent their country again.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20858897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858897" title="Enterprise South Industrial Park">
Enterprise South Industrial Park

The Enterprise South Industrial Park, located in Chattanooga, Tennessee consists of . A large portion of this property is now home to Volkswagen's new United States automobile plant.
History.
The Volunteer Army Ammunition Plant (VAAP) operated as a TNT (trinitrotoluene) manufacturing facility from 1942 to 1977 and supported a fertilizer production facility from 1962 to 1982. The following provides a detailed history of operations occurring at VAAP from its creation in 1942 to the present.
1942-1945.
The Army Corps of Engineers (ACOE) built the original facilities to support World War II. Initial operation began in July 1942 with the Hercules Powder Company of Wilmington Delaware as the operating contractor. Sixteen TNT batch process lines and associated nitric and sulfuric acid facilities operated until August 1945. Approximately 823 million pounds of TNT were produced for WWII at VAAP (IT Corp 1994).
1946-1952.
From January 1946 to the spring of 1952, VAAP was officially on standby status and operated and maintained by the government (USATHAMA 1978; Army 2003).
1952-1957.
VAAP was reactivated in 1952 for the Korean War, and operated by the Atlas Chemical Industries of Wilmington Delaware until 1957. Approximately 283 million lbs of TNT were produced for the Korean War (IT Corp 1994). During this period the first Army studies were undertaken to examine methods of pollution control but VAAP was put on standby status before pollution strategies could be implemented (IT Corp 1994).
1957-1965.
VAAP was on standby status from 1957 until 1965 when it was reactivated for the Vietnam War (Army 2003a; IT Corp 1994). Between the Korean and Vietnam Wars there was considerable residential development north of VAAP and adjacent to the Chickamauga Lake (IT Corp 1994). From March 1957 to December 1964 the plant was under the protective surveillance of Atlas Chemical Industries; and in December 1964 until September 1965 protective surveillance was passed onto Farmers Chemical Association Inc. (subsequently known as CF Industries, Incorporated ). In September 1965 a new contract with Atlas was entered into with the Army (SI 1994). On January 6, 1972, Atlas merged into ICI America Incorporated (ICIA), and is currently called ICI Americas, Inc. (Army 2003a; USATHAMA 1978).
In 1961, the government leased the "CFI Lease Area," an area along the western border of VAAP, to CFI (Bonds 1985). Previously the area had been used for nitric and sulfuric acid production (Army 2003a). In 1962, CFI used the existing acid facilities and built an ammonia plant on the 824-acre lease area to produce ammonium nitrate fertilizer, urea, and related products (Army 2003a). In 1963 a urea plant was put into operation, thereby doubling CFI's production capacity (IT Corp 1994).
1965-1977.
In 1965, VAAP was reactivated and ten TNT batch process lines were used to produce TNT for the Vietnam War (IT Corp 1994).
Additionally, upon reactivation, the Army decreased the number of acres in the original CFI lease area and took over the operation of some of the acid production equipment to increase nitric acid production and sulfuric acid concentration capacity. Therefore, in 1966, CFI constructed a new acid plant adjacent to the ammonia plant, and operated the existing acid plant in the lease area for the Army (Bonds 1985; Army 2003a).
In February 1969, as VAAP began to upgrade facilities, the batch processing lines began to decrease (Report 123, 1978; Army 2003a). From July 1971 to 1975, six new CIL continuous process lines were built in an area where four old batch process lines were previously razed (Army 2003a). Lines 1, 2, and 3 were modernized by May 1974, and a contract for modernizing Lines 4, 5, and 6 was awarded in June 1974. However, from November 1974 to March 1977, only one of the six Canadian Industries Limited (CIL) lines was operated because plant operations ceased before the other five became operational (IT Corp 1994; USATHAMA 1978).
In June 1970, the Army began to build the New Acid Area. The area included a Direct Strong Nitric (DSN) Acid Facility, an Ammonia Oxidation Process (AOP) Nitric Acid Facility, and Sulfuric Acid Regeneration (SAR) Facilities (used for oleum production) (IT Corp 1994; USATHAMA 1978).
In 1972, a carbon dioxide plant was constructed at the CFI Lease Area and an industrial waste water system was built to treat and recycle ammonium nitrate wastewater (IT Corp 1994; USATHAMA 1978).
By January 1975, all batch process lines stopped and, in 1977, TNT production at VAAP ceased altogether and the plant was placed on inactive status (Army 2003a). A total of 1,765 million lbs of TNT were produced for the Vietnam War (IT Corp 1994).
1980s.
CFI produced commercial ammonium nitrate at the CFI Lease Area until 1982. From 1982 to 1985 the CFI Lease Area was inactive, and the CFI facilities were ultimately dismantled for salvage between 1985 and 1986 (IT Corp 1994). The Army acid facilities in the southern area were dismantled during the 1950s and 1960s. The northern acid facilities were dismantled by approximately 1997 (Army 2003a, IT Corp 1995, Public Comment 2004b).
1990s.
During the 1990s, VAAP operated the burning ground to treat materials contaminated with TNT or TNT waste materials generated while VAAP was operational (EPA 2003a; IT Corp 1994, Public Comment 2004b)
On September 5, 1995, approximately $5 million was awarded to ICIA to reactivate and modify one of the TNT lines at VAAP for production of commercial TNT. The contract was awarded under the Armament Retooling and Manufacturing Support Act of 1992, and the work was to be complete by July 31, 1996 (DOD 1995). This work was never completed and the ICIA contract expired on December 31, 1998. Tecumseh Professional Associates became the new contracting operator, however, the project remained and remains inactive.
Conversion to Civilian Uses.
In the 1990s, portions of the site began to be opened up to civilian purposes. Hickory Valley Road was opened through the plant, connecting Highway 58 with Bonny Oaks Drive. The Hamilton County Schools executed a lease on the old administration buildings at VAAP, renovating the facilities for their central office.
An additional of land on the east side of the industrial park was opened to the public as the Enterprise South Nature Park. The park opened to the public in December 2010. The park is for passive uses, including bicycling and walking. Hours of operation are from 7:00am to Sunset.
First time visitors to the park are encouraged to speak to onsite rangers or visitor center staff before exploring the park.
On October 14, 2010 it was announced that CSX and Norfolk Southern Railway would again serve the site following the completion of a $6.6 million project to provide dual rail service to the Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant. The newly completed yard was dedicated on April 6, 2011. Work included "the biggest rail overhaul in and around the Volunteer Army Ammunition Plant since the tracks were laid during World War II." Direct switching activities for the site is handled by the Tennessee Valley Railroad Museum's wholly owned subsidiary Tyner Terminal Railway Company, which transfers railcars to NS and CSX trains.

</doc>
<doc id="20858906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858906" title="Akkaraipattu">
Akkaraipattu

Akkaraipattu (Tamil: "அக்கரைப்பற்று", Pronounced Akkarai-Patru) is a town in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka, and is located along the Eastern coast of the Island. Akkaraipattu consists of over 35,000 people who settled in this area many centuries ago. 
Education and religion are considered as important factors among the local people and educating the children is considered as the primary job of each and every parent. Due to this reason, there are a large number of highly educated people who perform well in their respective fields.
AMC College (MCC).
Akkaraipattu Muslim Central College (AMCC), which is the premier education provider for the Muslim community, was founded in 1948. It became the second Muslim National School in Sri Lanka and the first national school in the Eastern Province in 1992. It has a student population of more than 2000 and 160 staff members.

</doc>
<doc id="20858910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858910" title="Pottuvil">
Pottuvil

Pottuvil ‍or Pothuvil or Poththuvil (Sinhala:පොතුවිල)() is a town in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka, located along the Eastern coast of the Island, it is 4 km due North of the popular tourist destination Arugam Bay. It was affected by 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.
References.
The 2007 population estimate, the city's population is 33,625

</doc>
<doc id="20858918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858918" title="Lake Ariana">
Lake Ariana

Ariana () is the name of a medium-sized artificial lake in Knyaz Boris's Garden in Sofia, Bulgaria. It is "B"-shaped, 175 m long and 75 m wide, with a small island at its narrowest point. It is located at the northernmost corner of the park, in the city centre, between the Eagles' Bridge and the national stadium.
The lake was constructed in the late 19th Century and has since been a focal point for leisurly walks by Sofianites. Water wheels and rowing boats have been a feature, and in winter it was frequently known to freeze over and for people to ice-skate on its surface. 
In the mid-20th century, a casino was built on the island. In the early 1990s, the municipal government ceased caring for the lake, which dried up and remained empty and disused for nearly two decades. In 2007, the lake and its vicinity were renovated and once more began to be a place of leisure.
The lake shares its name with the brewery which was located a couple of hundred yards to the north until being demolished in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20858919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858919" title="Camelina microcarpa">
Camelina microcarpa

Camelina microcarpa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by several common names, including littlepod false flax and small seed false flax. It is native to Europe and Asia, and it is common across the globe as an introduced species and sometimes a noxious weed. It is known as a weed of grain crops such as wheat and rye. This is an erect annual herb producing a branched or unbranched stem 30 centimeters to one meter in height. It is sometimes coated thinly in hairs, particularly on the lower part. The leaves are lance-shaped to oblong. The upper part of the stem is occupied by an inflorescence of many pale yellow flowers. They yield plump oblong to rounded fruits, each under a centimeter long and held at the tip of a short pedicel.

</doc>
<doc id="20858920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858920" title="Idaho State Highway 5">
Idaho State Highway 5

State Highway 5 (SH-5) is a state highway in Benewah County, in the U.S. state of Idaho. It runs from U.S. Route 95 (US 95) in Plummer, east to SH-3 in Saint Maries.
Route description.
SH-5 begins at an intersection with US 95 in Plummer and heads east through Heyburn State Park, running along the south shore of Chatcolet Lake and Benewah Lake to Parkline. It then continues east past a historical marker for John Mullan into Saint Maries and onto the Couer d'Alene Indian Reservation within the city, where it ends at an intersection with SH-3.
History.
John Mullan built the first road from Fort Benton, Montana to the modern site of Walla Walla, Washington from 1858 to 1862. SH-5 may run in part along this route.

</doc>
<doc id="20858926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858926" title="Liku">
Liku

Liku is a village close to the easternmost point of the island of Niue. It lies due east of the capital, Alofi.
Liku is connected to the capital by a road which traverses the centre of the island. It is also - along with Lakepa, six kilometres to the north and Hakupu, 10 kilometres to the south - one of three villages on the east coast road which connects Vaiea in the south with Mutalau on the north coast.
The village is the birthplace of New Zealand artist John Pule and the home of international artist Mark Cross and his wife, master weaver Ahitautama.
Situated in the rainforest two kilometers South of Liku is the Hikulagi Sculpture Park, an ongoing environmental art project.
Liku is one of the fourteen constituencies in Niue, electing one representative to the Niue Assembly. Following the 2008 general election, its representative is Pokotoa Sipeli, who serves as Minister of Post and Telecommunications, Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, and Minister of Administrative Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20858931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858931" title="Mexicans abroad">
Mexicans abroad

The immigration phenomenon, in the case of Mexico is diverse and varied through the country. This is due to the economic situation that applies mainly to poorer people, who seek better job opportunities in other countries, especially the U.S.A. which has an estimated of 98% of the Mexicans who live abroad. Economic problems are, overall, the little stability of Mexican peso exchange rate compared to the USD. That is the reason for many Mexicans to leave their country and look for better salaries in the United States, so they can send dollars to their families in Mexico. This case, however, is mainly temporal, but many other end up residing there with their families eventually.
After the U.S.A., Mexican immigrants are settled in Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, and other European countries. In fact, there have been cases of Mexican employees in Ukraine and Saudi Arabia. These are cases of jobs applying building, or working at oil plants.
Canada has also a program that involves hiring Mexican agricultural workers temporarily. And other countries also can hire Mexicans in professional assignments, such as science research or studying in colleges and universities, and other cultural exchanges. Artists, scientists, actors and more other show greatly the famous Mexican brain drain. However, recent years shown increased immigration to Mexico instead the other way around. 
Type of people and impact on Mexican society.
Generally, the people who tend to leave the country to the United States are from lower-class backgrounds and of mestizo or Indigenous ancestries. They primarily come from the following states: Zacatecas, Guanajuato, Michoacán, Oaxaca, Guerrero, San Luis Potosí, Hidalgo, Chiapas.In these states is not uncommon to see towns where men are absent, and supposed to be working in the United States. While the women take care of their children, husbands send money (dollars) to their families in Mexico. This money, sent by Mexican workers abroad to their country, is called the Spanish "remesas", and the amount of it have become the second income that Mexico receives from other countries. (The first one is oil sales) 
On the other hand, people from the educated middle-upper class, are usually criollo or other Mexicans of European descent and some of castizo descent, they emigrate to a few parts in the U.S., and mostly emigrate to Canada and European countries; they're usually employed by companies, universities, or many of them start their own businesses abroad.
Traditionally, richer people with overwhelming income used to live in Mexico, but recent economic opportunities and advantages with international treaties, harassing, and threatening insecurity have made them leave the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20858934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858934" title="Jiangnan University">
Jiangnan University

Jiangnan University (), JU, literally "Southern Yangtze University") is a university located in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China. It is a key national university of the “Project 211” and is directly administrated by the Chinese Ministry of Education. The distinguished disciplines are food science and technology, fermentation engineering and industrial design.
History.
The root of Jiangnan University stretches back to San Jiang Normal School which was founded in Nanjing in 1902 which later renamed National Central University and Nanjing University. The private Jiangnan University, another source of JU, was founded in Wuxi in 1948 by Rong Desheng (the father of Rong Yiren), the largest national capitalist in the Republic of China era. Later during restructuring of higher education happened after the establishment of the People’s Republic of China, the engineering related departments of Nanjing University merged related departments of private Jiangnan University and several other universities and formed Nanjing Institute of Technology (later renamed Southeast University) in 1952, and in 1958, the related department of Nanjing Institute of Technology moved to Wuxi and established Wuxi College of Light Industry which was named university in 1995. In 2001, Jiangnan University was formed by the combination of Wuxi University of Light Industry, Jiangnan College and Wuxi Education College.
Campus.
The newly completed university campus covers 208 hectares with floor space of 1.05 million square meters. It is located by Lake Tai, a national scenic resort in the south of Wuxi. It was designed and built to demonstrate the concept of an “Eco-campus”.
Colleges and Academic Departments.
Jiangnan University consists of 17 schools and offers 48 undergraduate programs with 10 disciplines including engineering, science, literature, economics, management, law, medicine, agriculture, education and arts. 
Jiangnan University has 4 Post-doctoral Research Stations in the fields of Light Industry Technology and Engineering, Food Science and Technology, Control Science and Engineering, and Textile Engineering. It is entitled to confer master degrees in 24 programs, and doctoral degrees in 5 programs.
Academic Units.
The National Key Lab of Food Science and Technology, approved by the Ministry of Science & Technology, is the only one of its kind in China. In addition, it has 19 national, ministerial or provincial engineering research centers, 7 key labs at the ministerial or provincial level, the Food Safety Research Base of Jiangsu Province, the Scientific and Technological Novelty Search Workstation of Ministry of Education, the Industrial Microbial Resources Database Integration and Information Sharing Platform.
Students.
Currently there are over 20,000 full-time undergraduates, 6,700 doctoral and master candidates studying on campus.
Notable Faculties.
The faculty team consists of over 1,600 members including 1 academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, 6 Cheung Kong Scholars, 3 National Outstanding Youth Foundation Winner, 8 state-level candidates for the One Hundred plus One Thousand plus Ten Thousand Talents Project of the New Century, 3 National Young and Middle-aged Experts with Outstanding Contributions, 48 candidates for the New Century Excellent Researcher Award Program from Ministry of Education of China and over 1100 professors and associate professors.

</doc>
<doc id="20858946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858946" title="Luís Galego">
Luís Galego

Luís Galego (born in Porto, Portugal, 25 April 1966) is a Portuguese chess grandmaster. He represented Portugal in ten Chess Olympiads (at top board since 2002), and achieved a top Elo rating of 2543, and was national champion five times, most recently in 2012.
In 2006, he tied for 2nd–9th with Luke McShane, Stephen J. Gordon, Gawain Jones, Šarūnas Šulskis, Danny Gormally, Klaus Bischoff and Karel van der Weide in the 2nd EU Individual Open Chess Championship in Liverpool.
As of March 2011, his rating is 2500, making him Portugal's top player.

</doc>
<doc id="20858957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858957" title="Stafford Reformed Presbyterian Church">
Stafford Reformed Presbyterian Church

The Stafford Reformed Presbyterian Church, also known as Covenanter Church, is a historic church in Stafford, Kansas, United States. Constructed in 1913, the building is a small-sized example of Gothic Revival architecture. It replaced an older church built on the same site, which was demolished because it had fallen into poor condition. The church itself existed as a part of the Reformed Presbyterian Church of North America (RPCNA) from 1911 to 1961. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 8, 2005 for its architectural significance. Today, the church is owned by a local company, Henderson House Inn and Retreat Center, which uses it as part of its conference center.
Structure.
Both frame and concrete were employed in the construction of the church. Its original dimensions were approximately 30×42 feet (9×13 m); a basement was also included. The congregation needed aid from a denominational board to finance the construction; according to the board, the construction cost was approximately $6,000. It was dedicated on January 13, 1914.
Congregational history.
Stafford Reformed Presbyterian Church was organized on January 19, 1911, largely under the leadership of R. A. Boyd. A longtime minister of the Associate Presbyterian Church, Boyd had been the pastor of the Associate Presbyterian congregation in Stafford since 1900, but he came to hold Reformed Presbyterian views and took much of his church with him into the RPCNA. In 1911, the entire denomination included just 105 congregations throughout the United States; therefore, the sudden beginning of a new church in rural Kansas, its subsequent rapid growth, and the erection of its new building attracted significant interest across the denomination. Conversely, the congregation rarely attracted much attention in official documents after the mid-1910s: being noted only for its struggles in the Dust Bowl in 1935 and for the death of one of its members in World War II. The church reached its highest membership in 1924, when 80 names were on the roll. In the 1940s, it began to decline: with very few exceptions, the church suffered a net loss in membership every year after 1943, and it suffered through several periods in which there was no pastor. By early 1961, only nine members remained, and there was no pastor, as the final pastor had resigned in the previous spring. Ultimately, the Stafford Reformed Presbyterian Church was closed on November 9, 1961. The building was sold for $1,500 at some point in late 1960 or early 1961. After serving as the house of worship for the Bible Missionary Church, it was purchased by Henderson House Bed and Breakfast in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20858959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858959" title="Canon EF 24–85mm lens">
Canon EF 24–85mm lens

The EF 24–85mm f/3.5–4.5 is an EF mount wide-to-normal zoom lens. It was introduced by Canon in 1996. The lens was originally sold with the Canon EOS IX, an APS film SLR, although it was fully compatible with Canon's 35mm film SLRs. The lens was available in two colour schemes; silver when sold with the EOS IX, and black when sold separately. The lens remained in production during Canon's shift to digital SLRs and was often included in press images of the Canon EOS D30. As of June 2010 it is no longer listed on Canon's North American product page.

</doc>
<doc id="20858968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858968" title="Die Deutschen">
Die Deutschen

Die Deutschen (“The Germans”) is a German television documentary produced for ZDF that first aired from October to November 2008. Each episode recounts a selected epoch of German history, beginning (first season) with the reign of Otto the Great and ending with the collapse of the German Empire at the end of the First World War. In November 2010 the second season of "Die Deutschen" was published in German television (ZDF and ZDFneo), beginning with Charlemagne, the Frankish King, and ending with Gustav Stresemann, the Chancellor and Foreign Minister during the Weimar Republic. 
Historical events are recreated through a combination of live action scenes and computer generated animations. The series was filmed at over 200 different locations in Germany, Malta, and Romania at a cost of approximately €500,000 per episode.

</doc>
<doc id="20858972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858972" title="Muttur (Sri Lanka)">
Muttur (Sri Lanka)

Muttur or Mutur is a town in the Trincomalee District of Sri Lanka and it is located about 25 km South of Trincomalee, on the Southern side of the Trincomalee Harbour. In Tamil it translates to 'Ancient village'.

</doc>
<doc id="20858980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858980" title="Bergstresser/Dietz Covered Bridge">
Bergstresser/Dietz Covered Bridge

Bergstresser / Dietz Bridge, the last remaining covered bridge in Franklin County, Ohio, USA, is located within the village limits of Canal Winchester, Ohio in southeastern Franklin County. The wooden bridge crosses Little Walnut Creek, which is a tributary of the Scioto River. Although the bridge is in serviceable condition, it is only open to foot traffic.
Location.
The Bergstresser/Dietz Bridge is located adjacent to the intersection of Ashbrook Road and Washington Street in Canal Winchester. The bridge crosses Little Walnut Creek at what has been termed Kramer's Ford. An Ohio Historical Marker commemorating the bridge is located at the corner of Ashbrook Road and Washington Street (at the following coordinates: 39° 49.978′ N, 82° 48.961′ W).
History.
In the 1800s, the village of Canal Winchester was important to the local economies of southeastern Franklin and northwestern Fairfield counties. The village evolved into a local transportation hub because the Ohio and Erie Canal and the Hocking Valley Railway passed through. Little Walnut Creek acted as a moderate barrier to local farmers who transported crops into town. As a result, local citizens petitioned for a bridge to be built over Little Walnut Creek.
In March 1887, the Franklin County Commissioners announced the building of a bridge over Little Walnut Creek at Kramer's Ford. Michael Corbett of Groveport, Ohio, contracted to construct the abutments and the Columbus Bridge Company built the covered bridge for $2,690.00. Reuban L. Partridge, company vice president, supervised the building, using his patented truss system consisting of double and triple truss members constructed of pine and oak. 
In the 1930s, the road traveling over the bridge became State Route 674 and in the 1950s the road was redirected to bypass the covered bridge.
Preservation.
In 1990, the county contracted with Abba Lichtenstein & Associates to evaluate the condition of the bridge. The W.J. Seidensticker Company repaired and restored the Bergstresser/Dietz Bridge using original and new materials. The bridge was rededicated on September 1, 1991. At this time, the ownership of the bridge was transferred to the village of Canal Winchester. The Ohio Historical Marker (Marker Number 17-25) was erected in 1992 by Citizens for Positive Growth for the Village of Canal Winchester and The Ohio Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20858981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858981" title="Johann Friedrich Reiffenstein">
Johann Friedrich Reiffenstein

Johann Friedrich Reiffenstein(22 November 1719, Ragnit, then in East Prussia - 6 October 1793, Rome) was a German cicerone for grand tourists, painter, antiquarian and agent for art collectors in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20858999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858999" title="Tender (Until the Violence Stops)">
Tender (Until the Violence Stops)

Tender (formerly Until the Violence Stops) is a London-based charitable organisation that works to prevent domestic violence. Founded in 2003, Tender delivers educational violence prevention programmes to secondary schools, Pupil Referral Units (PRUs) and youth centres throughout Greater London.
Mission.
Tender promotes healthy relationships based on equality and respect by inviting all men, women and especially young people to actively prevent domestic abuse and sexual violence.
Tender aims to:
History.
Tender was formerly known as Until the Violence Stops (UTVS), the UK arm of the V-Day campaign. 
Tender's main work is the TRUST Education Project. TRUST was developed out of the work of Tender's founding director and education manager that was commissioned by the South Essex Rape and Incest Crisis Centre (SERICC) to design a peer education theatre project for the Thurrock RESPECT programme in 2000. RESPECT, created by Zero Tolerance Charitable Trust, has been running since, working to prevent violence in relationships by educating young people about the early warning signs of abuse. 
Tender adapted and developed the RESPECT model to work in London schools. With the funding of The Body Shop Foundation, the TRUST Education Project was piloted in April 2004 in 5 secondary schools in the London boroughs: Lambeth, Lewisham, Hammersmith, Newham, and Westminster. The TRUST Education Project has been delivered to 27 boroughs in London since its conception.
CRG Research Limited are currently conducting an independent evaluation of the Trust Education Project.
About the Trust Education Project.
The TRUST Education Project aims to enable young men and women to develop healthy relationships based on respect, trust and equality and to be active citizens in creating communities that do not tolerate domestic abuse and sexual violence. The objective of the project is to change attitudes of tolerance to violence by using drama to explore issues around healthy and unhealthy relationships. Young people create a piece of theatre that represents their understanding and outlook while also educating and informing their audience, peers and local communities. In a 10 week workshop process, students explore issues around respect within relationships, good citizenship and positive communication skills.
External links.
Official website

</doc>
