<doc id="20893416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893416" title="Charles Leonhard">
Charles Leonhard

Charles Leonhard (December 8, 1915 - January 31, 2002) was an American music educator and academic. He was one of the first to argue for a focus upon aesthetic education within music education. For most of his career, he was a professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Life and career.
Born in Anadarko, Oklahoma, Leonhard was the son of Morris and Dora McRae Leonhard. He was educated at the University of Oklahoma (Bachelor of Music in piano) and Teachers College, Columbia University (Master of Arts and Doctor of Education). Many of Leonhard's teachers were former students of John Dewey, whose ideas influenced Leonhard throughout his career. During his doctoral program, Leonhard studied aesthetics with Susanne Langer. In 1953, as the music education profession was just beginning to rethink its philosophy, Leonhard published his article "Music Education—Aesthetic Education." In this article, Leonhard urged music educators to eschew the instrumental values of music education and to stress the aesthetic value of music.
While a graduate student, Leonhard concurrently worked as an instructor and assistant professor of music education at Teachers College. He had previously served in the United States Army during World War II as a field artillery officer. In 1951 he joined the faculty of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign where he was appointed professor of music and education, and chair of the graduate program in music education. He was the primary advisor on nearly 100 doctoral dissertations, including those of Eunice Boardman and Wayne Bowman. In addition to Bowman, many important philosophers of music education can trace their lineage back to Leonhard. For example, Bennett Reimer was a student at Illinois who worked with Leonhard and Harry Broudy. Reimer later went on to supervise the dissertations of David J. Elliott and Paul Woodford.
In 1986 Leonhard retired from his position at the University of Illinois. In 1988 he was appointed the Director of Research at the National Arts Education Research Center; a post he held through 1994. He died in 2002 at the age of 86. He had been married to Patricia Hagman since 1950. The couple had two children together.
Important Contributions.
In 1958, Leonhard's essay on evaluation appeared in "Basic Concepts in Music Education." Along with his student, Robert House, Leonhard published "Foundations and Principles of Music Education" in 1959. In 1963, Leonhard and Richard Colwell initiated the "Bulletin of the Council for Research in Music Education." In 1964, Leonhard was a presenter at the Seminar on Comprehensive Musicianship. In the 1970s, Leonhard edited a series of books called "Contemporary Perspectives in Music Education". The series aimed to establish “a pattern for music teacher education based on the areas of knowledge and processes involved in music education rather than on the levels and specializations in music education.” According to Leonhard, the “mastery of all of these processes and areas of knowledge is essential for the successful music educator regardless of his area of specialization and the level at which he teaches.” Six titles were published:
Recognition as a Leader in the Field.
In 1994, the Music Educators National Conference () placed Leonhard's name alongside those of William Billings, Lowell Mason, Frances Elliot Clark, Karl Gehrkens, Mabelle Glenn, James Mursell, Lilla Belle Pitts, and Allen Britton in the MENC Hall of Fame. Mark and Gary acknowledge the importance of Leonhard's contributions to the history of music education in the United States. David J. Elliott puts Leonhard in the company of Peter W. Dykema, Karl Gehrkens, James Mursell, Lilla Belle Pitts, Harry Broudy, Abraham Schwadron, Bennett Reimer, and Keith Swanwick as leading thinkers in music education.

</doc>
<doc id="20893431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893431" title="Juan Davis Bradburn">
Juan Davis Bradburn

Juan Davis Bradburn (1787 – April 20, 1842), born John Davis Bradburn, was a brigadier general in the Mexican Army. His actions as commandant of the garrison at Anahuac in Mexican Texas in 1831 and 1832 led to the events known as the Anahuac Disturbances. 
Born and raised in the United States, Bradburn's first career was as a merchant and slave trader. He likely first entered Mexico in 1812 as part of the Gutiérrez-Magee Expedition fighting Spanish control of Texas. When the expedition was quashed, Bradburn moved to Louisiana, where he served in the Louisiana militia during the Battle of New Orleans. After his discharge, Bradburn spent several years fighting for Mexican independence. Spain relinquished its hold on Mexico in 1821, and Bradburn became an officer in the new Mexican army. He served as a courier for Mexican emperor Agustín de Iturbide.
In 1830, Bradburn established a new military and customs post, Anahuac, in Texas. The local settlers resented Bradburn's efforts to withhold land titles from those who had squatted in unauthorized areas. They were further angered by his attempts to enforce customs laws which had been largely ignored. The hard feelings escalated when Bradburn, following Mexican law, refused to return runaway slaves to their owners in the United States. After receiving a hoax letter claiming that armed men were marching on Anahuac to retrieve runaway slaves, Bradburn arrested local lawyer William Barret Travis. Settlers were outraged that Travis did not receive some of the protections offered by the United States Bill of Rights, even though these rights were not guaranteed in Mexico. A large force of Texians marched on Anahuac to secure Travis's release. The resulting confrontation forced Bradburn's expulsion from Texas and encouraged other immigrants to take armed action against Mexican soldiers. As a result of his actions, Bradburn was "one of the most maligned men in historical accounts of" Texas in the 19th century.
Early years.
John Davis Bradburn was born in 1787 in Virginia. His father was probably William C. Bradburn, and John likely had an elder brother, also named William. At some point after 1800, the family moved to Christian County, Kentucky. As a young adult, Bradburn became a merchant in nearby Springfield, Tennessee. He trafficked in slaves and was once jailed in Natchez, Mississippi over a disputed slave sale.
It is likely that Bradburn participated in the 1812 Gutiérrez-Magee Expedition, which intended to establish independent Mexican control of Spanish Texas. The rebels were initially successful, taking Nacogdoches, Goliad, and provincial capital San Antonio de Béxar. After the execution of Governor Manuel María de Salcedo, many Americans left the movement in disgust. The remaining members of the expedition were decisively defeated by royalist forces at the Battle of Medina in August 1813; a small number of Americans escaped to Louisiana.
By 1814, Bradburn resided in Louisiana. Rumors abounded that British troops were preparing to invade New Orleans. After the December call for volunteers to help defend the state, Bradburn enrolled in the Eighteenth Louisiana Regiment and was elected third lieutenant. His unit arrived in New Orleans on January 24, just after the Battle of New Orleans, and remained until martial law ended March 11.
Mexican War of Independence.
Following his discharge from the militia, Bradburn remained in New Orleans. The Mexican War of Independence was raging, and many filibusters—men planning unauthorized military expeditions—gathered in the city to plan the liberation of Texas from Spanish control. Bradburn became a sergeant major in the movement led by Juan Pablo Anaya and Henry Perry. When Perry's forces entered Texas in early 1816, Bradburn was initially stationed in Nacogdoches to direct recruits and supplies to the main body of the expedition. In June, Bradburn joined Perry at his headquarters, a bluff along the Trinity River which became known as Perry's Point. Little activity occurred over the next few months.
In November 1816, another filibuster, Francisco Javier Mina, arrived with additional men and supplies. Mina planned to invade Tampico and assist the revolutionary army in the Mexican interior. Bradburn allied himself with Mina, whose plan was better-developed than Perry's, and was soon appointed second-in-command of the American troops, under Colonel Gilford Young. The filibusters traveled to Fort Sombrero, an insurgent stronghold in Guanajuato province. Rebel supplies dwindled when the fort was besieged by Spanish royalist troops. Mina attempted to negotiate a surrender, but the Spanish offered safe passage only to native Mexicans; Americans and other foreigners were required to surrender at discretion. As the filibusters pondered this development, Young was killed, leaving Bradburn in sole command of the American troops. On August 19, he ordered a retreat. Spanish cavalrymen attacked, and less than one-quarter of the Americans escaped.
Bradburn remained in Mexico and soon joined the forces led by Vicente Guerrero. Despite Guerrero's reputation for cruelty, the two men developed a close relationship. At least once, Bradburn countermanded Guerrero's orders, refusing to allow the execution of captured Spanish officers. His action impressed Agustín de Iturbide, the commander of the Spanish forces fighting Guerrero. In December 1820, Bradburn left the insurgent army to join Iturbide. Most Mexican historians believe his defection was due to a weariness with the conflict; at least one historian speculates that Bradburn joined the Spanish army as Guerrero's spy. Within a month, Bradburn had been appointed intermediary between Iturbide and Guerrero. 
Iturbide defected from the Spanish army, intending to place himself at the head of a new independent Mexico. He recruited his forces from both the Spanish and rebel armies, offering all who joined him an equal or higher rank in his new organization. Bradburn was appointed a colonel.
Independent Mexico.
In August 1821, Mexico officially received its independence from Spain. The following year Iturbide became emperor of Mexico and sent Bradburn as an envoy to the United States. Bradburn returned with news that the United States was prepared to recognize the Mexican republic as an independent country. Later that year, Iturbide arranged Bradburn's marriage to a well-connected Mexican woman, Maria Josefa Hurtado de Mendoza y Caballero de los Olivos. Her brother, Agustin Hurtado, was the 9th Count of the Valley of Orizaba. Bradburn and his wife had one son, who entered the priesthood as a young man.
Iturbide was overthrown in 1823. The new government was based on federalist principles, and Bradburn, a staunch centralist, kept a discreet distance from politics over the next few years. He reappears in Mexican records in 1828, when he was granted a monopoly on steamboat traffic on the Rio Grande from the Gulf of Mexico through Coahuila. His charter was revoked in 1830 when he was unable to meet its terms.
Texas.
The new federalist government officially authorized immigration from the United States to Mexican Texas in 1824. The resulting mass influx of settlers, combined with failed attempts by the United States government to purchase the territory, concerned Mexican authorities, who feared that the United States wished to forcibly take Texas. In response, on April 6, 1830 the Mexican government enacted a series of laws restricting immigration from the United States. The laws also called for the establishment of customs houses within Texas to begin enforcing customs duties. On October 4, 1830, Bradburn was ordered to create the first customs post, to be located at Galveston Bay. He was chosen for the assignment partly because he was bilingual and would be able to communicate with both the immigrants from the United States and the native Mexicans and partly due to his knowledge of the area and its terrain.
Bradburn and his men arrived at Galveston Bay on October 26 and established a post atop the same bluff where Bradburn had camped with Perry. As ordered, Bradburn named the fort Anahuac after the Anahuac Valley, the ancient capital of the Aztecs. The soldiers erected two large kilns to produce bricks to build a more permanent fort. When the kilns were operational, however, Bradburn sold the bricks to settlers who wished to live near the fort. The town grew quickly and by June 1 the population had reached 300 civilians and 170 military personnel. At this point, Bradburn redirected his attention to building a permanent fort. The soldiers, who had been largely idle while the kilns produced bricks for settlers, were angry that they were now expected to do significant physical labor. Their displeasure was augmented by Bradburn's high standards; he often forced the men to tear down and rebuild sections that did not meet his benchmark for quality. Many soldiers deserted.
Bradburn also angered the colonists. The Mexican Constitution of 1824 prohibited immigrants from settling with of the coast, and many foreigners had established homes close to the coast. In January 1831, a new state land commissioner, Jose Francisco Madero, arrived to grant land titles to people who had settled in the area before 1830. Bradburn believed that only the federal government had the authority to grant titles in the area near the coast, and that as the representative of the federal government he was the only individual who could authorize surveys of the land.
Bradburn arrested Madero and his assistant, José María Jesús Carbajal. Within 10 days, Bradburn received orders from his superiors to release the men. Madero issued deeds as quickly as he could. Madero then established an official council, an "ayuntamiento", for the residents in the disputed area. The new community, "Villa de la Santissima Trinidad de la Libertad", is now known as Liberty, Texas. Although Bradburn believed that Liberty was created illegally, as the town was too close to the coast, he made no attempt to interfere with its establishment. On December 9, however, Bradburn's superior, commandant general Manuel Mier y Teran, ordered Bradburn to dismantle the town and establish the "ayuntamiento" at Anahuac.
Tariffs.
The Mexican government had granted specific tariff exemptions to the first group of immigrants to Texas. Known as the Old Three Hundred, this initial colony had been established by "empresario" Stephen F. Austin. Most Texas colonists, including those who settled in Austin's other land grants, erroneously assumed the exemption applied to all settlers. With Bradburn's arrival, tariff collections began. After hearing complaints from ship captains, Bradburn's influence helped the law be amended to curtail some excessive charges. Nevertheless, colonists were angry that their goods were more expensive. Many of the settlers in Austin's colony also refused to accept that their exemption had expired and were vocal in their dislike of the tariffs and Bradburn. To keep the peace, Bradburn appointed local men to collect fees near Austin's colony; these men did not try to enforce the law rigidly, and tensions cooled.
In an effort to resolve the issues, Stephen F. Austin wrote Bradburn seeking help in getting the tariffs repealed throughout Texas. Bradburn promptly forwarded the letter up the chain of command. Bradburn's commander sent Austin a sharply-worded letter which, according to Bradburn's biographer Margaret Swett Henson, "remind the empresario that tariff was collected by every nation in the world but that only in Brazoria did it cause rioting". Austin blamed Bradburn for the reprimand.
Anahuac Disturbances.
In January 1832, Bradburn received a letter listing 10 men in his jurisdiction who favored separating Texas from Mexico. From that point on, according to Henson, "Bradburn became increasingly obsessed about the Anglo-Americans and their intentions, believing that every event was part of a conspiracy to detach Texas". Several months later, local men organized a militia, supposedly to protect the settlement from Indian attacks. Mexican law forbade residents from creating militias, so Bradburn arrested the ringleader, Patrick Jack. Although citizens were outraged, few were willing to intervene. An exception was Robert "Three-Legged Willie" Williamson—his threat to kill Bradburn resulted in Jack's release.
Bradburn was also worried about the intentions of Jack's law partner, William Barret Travis. The previous year, Bradburn had granted asylum to two men who had escaped slavery in Louisiana. Travis represented the men's owner in a series of failed attempts to return the former slaves to the United States. In May 1832, Bradburn received a letter warning that 100 armed men were stationed away, intent on reclaiming the slaves. After realizing the letter was a hoax, Bradburn arrested Travis for questioning. He intended to send Travis to Matamoros for a military trial on charges of attempted insurrection. Conviction on this charge would have led to Travis's execution. The settlers were outraged that the arrest did not require a warrant, a statement of charges, or trial by jury. Most were unfamiliar with Mexican law and assumed that the United States Bill of Rights still applied to them.
Jack threatened Bradburn, who angrily rearrested him. Colonists had reached their limit, and men began marching towards Anahuac from various Texas settlements. By early June, over 150 Texians had gathered. They elected Frank W. Johnson as commander. Without firing a shot, Johnson's group soon captured Bradburn's 19 cavalry officers, who had been trying to reconnoiter the Texian position. This left Bradburn with only 80 soldiers; the rest had deserted. 
On June 10, the insurgents occupied buildings in northern Anahuac and began negotiations to peacefully end the dispute. Mexican officers agreed to release their prisoners into civilian custody if the Texians would release the captured cavalry officers and then withdraw from the town to Turtle Bayou. Although most of the rebels left Anahuac, 15 to 30 men remained scattered through the town. Bradburn believed this violated their agreement and in retaliation threatened to fire on the village within 2 hours. Most of the Texians believed that Bradburn had never intended to follow the agreement.
Fearing imminent cannon fire, the women and children of Anahuac fled. Mexican soldiers briefly engaged the men who remained, leading to the deaths of 5 Mexican soldiers and 1 Texian. After the skirmish, the remaining Texians gathered at Turtle Bayou to await the arrival of cannons that were stored at Brazoria. Taking advantage of the civil war currently engulfing the Mexican interior, the Texians drafted the Turtle Bayou Resolutions. In this document, they declared themselves federalists who supported rebellious Mexican general Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna and decried "the present dynasty" which gave them military order instead of civil authority. 
While the Texians waited for their artillery, Bradburn sent messages to Colonel Piedras, stationed at Nacogdoches ( north), and Colonel Elosúa at San Antonio ( to the west). On June 19, Piedras and about 100 of his men set out to reinforce Bradburn. Unsure how many Texians he actually faced, Piedras was eager to defuse the conflict without violence. At his urging, Bradburn agreed to relinquish his authority, but his chosen successor, Lieutenant Colonel Felix Maria Subarán, refused to take his place. Piedras agreed to take temporary command of the garrison. On July 2, he transferred the prisoners to civilian authorities; within a week they were all released with no charges filed. Piedras left for Nacogdoches on July 8; three days later, the bulk of the Anahuac troops declared themselves federalists. Only Bradburn and a few others remained committed to the centralist cause.
Later life.
After an aborted assassination attempt—widely attributed to Travis—Bradburn resolved to leave Texas. None of the local ship captains would allow him passage. On July 13, Subarán announced that he would not guarantee the safety of any officers who still supported the centralist government. That night, Bradburn left Anahuac on foot. Years later, Anahuac carpenter William B. Scates related that after Bradburn's departure, locals gathered up the other centralist officers and tarred and feathered them before taking them into the water and "scour them with corn cobs to scrub their Bradburn sins off".
On August 6, Bradburn arrived in New Orleans and sought refuge with the Mexican consul. Many New Orleans residents had a highly unfavorable view of Bradburn; ten days earlier the local paper had published a letter from Travis describing Bradburn as a "tyrant" and claiming that Travis had been jailed solely for his political opinions. Bradburn quickly booked passage to Matamoros. On arriving in Mexico, he learned that he had been officially relieved of his duties in Anahuac on June 29, before his superiors had learned of the armed conflict.
Bradburn remained in the army, fighting for the centralist government. Acting president Anastasio Bustamante promoted Bradburn to brigadier general after his bravery in a large battle on September 18. For the next few months, Bradburn commanded a regiment near Reynosa. In December, Bustamante and Santa Anna negotiated an end to the war. Bradburn's forces were merged with that of the federalist general operating in the same area, Lorenzo Cortina. Cortina commanded the joint regiment, and Bradburn retired from military service. For several years, Bradburn raised vegetables near Matamoros. Henson related that "a Texas visitor noted that had the respect of the foreign community in the city, even the Anglo merchants".
When the Texas Revolution erupted in 1835, Bradburn rejoined the military under General Jose de Urrea on the condition that he was not required to fight in eastern Texas. Urrea's forces eradicated opposition along the Texas Gulf Coast, and Bradburn was left to command the small port at Copano, just north of the Nueces River. In April 1836, Santa Anna (now president of Mexico) was captured at the Battle of San Jacinto and all Mexican troops were ordered to retreat beyond the Rio Grande. Bradburn remained at Copano to intercept Mexican supply vessels before they could fall into the hands of the Texans. In mid-May, he was ordered to retreat south to Refugio and wait for the arrival of a specific supply ship. His force was reduced to five men. After two deserted and the remainder fell ill, Bradburn set out alone and on foot for Mexico. He reached Matamoros in ill health on June 13.
Bradburn again served in the army during the federalist war in 1838, but by the end of 1840 he had retired to Matamoros. He died on April 20 and was buried on his ranch, likely east of present-day Mission. The property is now the home of the La Lomita Seminary, but there is no record of the location of Bradburn's grave.
Legacy.
Bradburn's death was announced in Texas newspapers in a very neutral manner. The "Telegraph and Texas Register" said simply that "Gen. Bradburn, who had long been in the Mexican service, and formerly commanded the garrison of Anahuac, lately died at Matamoros". However, the history books of the time did not speak kindly of his actions. In his 1841 book "Texas and the Texans; or, Advance of the Anglo-Americans to the South-West" Henry Stuart Foote described Bradburn as an "evil spirit, hovering, with gloomy and malignant aspect, in the rear of Santa Anna's army". Henson posits that Bradburn was "one of the most maligned men in historical accounts of that period", partially because he had no descendants to try to "preserv his name and reputation in Texas". 
Many of Bradburn's contemporaries appeared to share Stephen F. Austin's belief that: "The fact is is incompetent to such a command and is half crazy part of his time." His actions "appeared arbitrary and authoritarian to the colonists, who were ignorant about the power traditionally exercised by the Mexican military". Texians were further disgusted that Bradburn, who shared their American roots, often sided against American immigrants. However, according to historian J. R. Edmondson, colonists "would probably have resented any officer—Anglo or not—sent among them to initiate the collection of customs". Few Texans in the 19th century understood that Bradburn was following orders and attempting to enforce the national laws of Mexico, and that he was no longer bound by the laws of the United States. Even as late as the 20th century, historians often described Bradburn as a "petty tyrant". 
Historian William C. Davis believes that Bradburn "overreacted and made heroes of two local malcontents whose actions their own people otherwise had not been much inclined to sanction". The resulting Turtle Bayou Resolutions empowered other Texians to follow a similar course of action. Many communities began declaring in favor of Santa Anna, and in August Piedras and his troops were driven from Nacogdoches. Their retreat into the Mexican interior temporarily left eastern Texas free of Mexican military control, encouraging the colonists to increase their political activity. Shortly thereafter, colonists organized the Convention of 1832, which marked the first attempt to gather Texians from each of the colonies to discuss their common goals.
Shortly after Bradburn left Texas, the garrison at Anahuac was dismantled. With no troops to purchase supplies, the civilians in the area soon dispersed. The fort was not regarrisoned until January 1835, when Captain Antonio Tenorio arrived with 40 men. His command was no more successful than Bradburn's; within months Travis led a group of insurgents to overthrow Tenorio in the second of the Anahuac Disturbances.

</doc>
<doc id="20893437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893437" title="Berl Senofsky">
Berl Senofsky

Berl Senofsky (April 19, 1926 − June 21, 2002) was an American classical violinist, active during the twentieth century.
Biography.
Senofsky was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on April 19, 1926, the son of Russian immigrant violinists. He received his first music lessons from his father at the age of three. By the time he was six he had won a scholarship to study with Louis Persinger, a former pupil of Eugène Ysaÿe. At the age of twelve he received a scholarship to the Juilliard School to study with Ivan Galamian, with whom he remained for twelve years. Following military service in World War II, Senofsky made his New York recital debut as the winner of the coveted Walter Naumberg Award in 1946. Shortly thereafter, he appeared as a soloist for the first time with George Szell and the Cleveland Orchestra. He remained as assistant concertmaster there from 1951 to 1955.
In 1955, Senofsky became the first and only American violinist to win the Queen Elisabeth International Music Competition. Since then, he has become a permanent member of the jury for the Belgian competition.
Senofsky performed regularly on the international concert circuit. In the United States he has played with the New York Philharmonic, the American Symphony Orchestra, and the orchestras of Chicago, Los Angeles, and Pittsburgh, among others. He has also performed in Europe, South America, and the Far East.
In addition to extensive touring, recording, and teaching duties at the Peabody Conservatory of Music, where he started in 1965, Senofsky was the founder and prime mover of the American Artists International Foundation, Inc. Established to help prepare young American musicians for international competitions, the organization has made it possible for American violinists to participate in the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition. In 1983, Senofsky was invited by the director of the Shanghai Conservatory to start a new school of violin playing; he remained in the People's Republic of China for three months giving master classes and performances.
Newsweek once called Senofsky a "giant of a man...an American musical hero of Bunyanesque proportions." Consistently praised for his tone, virtuosity, and musicianship, Berl Senofsky's artistry has won him the admiration of colleagues and audiences alike.
Senofsky died from complications from heart and lung disease on June 21, 2002, aged 77, at his home in Baltimore, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20893448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893448" title="Viye">
Viye

Viye (also known as Bié or Bihe) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20893451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893451" title="The Cost of Discipleship">
The Cost of Discipleship

The Cost of Discipleship is a book by the German Theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer, considered a classic of Christian thought. The original German title is simply (Discipleship). It is centred around an exposition of the Sermon on the Mount, in which Bonhoeffer spells out what he believes it means to follow Christ. It was first published in 1937, when the rise of the Nazi regime was underway in Germany and against this background that Bonhoeffer's theology of costly discipleship developed, which ultimately led to his death.
Summary.
One of the most quoted parts of the book deals with the distinction which Bonhoeffer makes between "cheap" and "costly" grace. But what is "cheap" grace? In Bonhoeffer's words: 
Or, even more clearly, it is to hear the gospel preached as follows: "Of course you have sinned, but now everything is forgiven, so you can stay as you are and enjoy the consolations of forgiveness." The main defect of such a proclamation is that it contains no demand for discipleship. In contrast to this is costly grace: 
Bonhoeffer argues that as Christianity spread, the Church became more "secularised", accommodating the demands of obedience to Jesus to the requirements of society. In this way, "the world was Christianised, and grace became its common property." But the hazard of this was that the gospel was cheapened, and obedience to the living Christ was gradually lost beneath formula and ritual, so that in the end, grace could literally be sold for monetary gain. 
But all the time, within the church, there had been a living protest against this process: the monastic movement. This served as a "place where the older vision was kept alive." Unfortunately, "monasticism was represented as an individual achievement which the mass of the laity could not be expected to emulate"; the commandments of Jesus were limited to "a restricted group of specialists" and a double standard arose: "a maximum and a minimum standard of church obedience." Why was this dangerous? Bonhoeffer points out that whenever the church was accused of being too worldly, it could always point to monasticism as "the opportunity of a higher standard within the fold - and thus justify the other possibility of a lower standard for others." So the monastic movement, instead of serving as a pointer for all Christians, became a justification for the status quo.
Bonhoeffer remarks how this was rectified by Luther at the Reformation, when he brought Christianity "out of the cloister". However, he thinks that subsequent generations have again cheapened the preaching of the forgiveness of sins, and this has seriously weakened the church: "The price we are having to pay today in the shape of the collapse of the organised church is only the inevitable consequence of our policy of making grace available to all at too low a cost. We gave away the word and sacraments wholesale, we baptised, confirmed, and absolved a whole nation without condition. Our humanitarian sentiment made us give that which was holy to the scornful and unbelieving... But the call to follow Jesus in the narrow way was hardly ever heard."
Influence.
Eberhard Bethge has argued that Bonhoeffer's writings, which culminated in the "Ethics" and "Letters and Papers from Prison", form a seamless continuity, stretching back at least as far as "The Cost of Discipleship". 
Unlike Bonhoeffer's later writings, "The Cost of Discipleship" has been widely read by both conservative and liberal Christians and is still widely read and quoted today.
The term "cheap grace" was coined by The Rev. Adam Clayton Powell, Sr., then-pastor of Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem, N.Y.. Bonhoeffer attended the church when at Union Theological Seminary, and for a season taught Sunday School there. Bonhoeffer benefited from the protest culture of the African American church and gleaned from it social gospel elements that he would take with him back to Germany. The anti-temporal power ethic would aid him to resist the Nazi regime.
The notion of "cheap grace" has been used by Mike Lofgren to criticize the increasing dominance of the Christian right over the Republican Party coupled with what he saw as an increasing disregard within the party for other values: "But there is another, uniquely religious aspect that also comes into play: the predilection of fundamentalist denominations to believe in practice, even if not entirely in theory, in the doctrine of “cheap grace,” a derisive term coined by the theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer. By that he meant the inclination of some religious adherents to believe that once they had been “saved,” not only would all past sins be wiped away, but future ones, too—so one could pretty much behave as before. Cheap grace is a divine get-out-of-jail-free card. Hence the tendency of the religious base of the Republican Party to cut some slack for the peccadilloes of candidates who claim to have been washed in the blood of the Lamb and reborn to a new and more Christian life. The religious right is willing to overlook a politician’s individual foibles, no matter how poor an example he or she may make, if they publicly identify with fundamentalist values."

</doc>
<doc id="20893456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893456" title="Sashti">
Sashti

Sashti is a Hindu goddess of fertility and child birth, worshiped all over India and other parts of the world. She is depicted with a child on her lap and a cat as her Vahana or carrier.

</doc>
<doc id="20893478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893478" title="Strickly for da Breakdancers &amp; Emceez">
Strickly for da Breakdancers &amp; Emceez

Strickly For Da Breakdancers & Emceez is an instrumental album produced by rapper KRS-One. It was first recorded and released in 1995 as two separate vinyl records, "Strictly For Da Breakdancers" and "Strictly For Da Emcees (The Goddess Set)", released via Front Page Entertainment.
For the first time on CD, KRS-One releases the two instrumental EP's on a 2xCD set through Cleopatra Records. All the music included is produced and arranged by KRS-One and engineered by Commissioner Gordon.
Track listing.
CD № 1: Strictly For Da Breakdancers
CD № 2: Strictly For Da Emcees

</doc>
<doc id="20893482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893482" title="Damned – The Strange World of José Mojica Marins">
Damned – The Strange World of José Mojica Marins

Damned – The Strange World of José Mojica Marins (original title: "Maldito - O Estranho Mundo de José Mojica Marins") is a 2001 Brazilian documentary film about the life and works of Brazilian filmmaker, director, screenwriter, film and television actor and media personality José Mojica Marins. The film features Marins (as himself) and his associates and family members recounting episodes of his life and career from childhood to international recognition in later years.
The film received the "Special Jury Award in Latin American Cinema" at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20893487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893487" title="Ciyaka">
Ciyaka

Ciyaka (also known as Quiyaca or Quiaca) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20893492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893492" title="Ganapathi Agraharam">
Ganapathi Agraharam

Ganapathi Agraharam is a small village of Papanasam Taluk, in the district of Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India. It is famous for its panoramic beauty of agricultural fields and the river Cauvery flowing amidst them. Ganapathi Agrahram is named after the most famous Lord Maha Ganapathi temple situated at this village.
Temples in Ganapathi Agraharam.
There is a famous Maha Ganapthi (Ganesha) temple here. The lord has been installed by Sage Agastya and has been worshipped by Sage Gautama Maharishi. The temple deity (Ganesha) is considered very powerful by the people.
There is one Shiva temple, Shri Varadaraja Perumal (Vishnu)and a Thropathi amman (Amman)temple here.
Streets and Localities.
Ganapathi Agraharam is a village panchayat and the main agraharam has South Street, North Street and West Street apart from other colonies. The Great Maha Ganapathi Temple lies at one corner of where South and North Street joins. The temple is adjoined by Shri Varadaraja Perumal Temple, A Ther Mutti and a vast stretch of agricultural fields. Both South and North street houses are of a typical Agraharam style construction.
Festivals and Occasions.
Shri Vinayaka Chathurthi Every year, A grand festival season begins before Vinayaka Chadurthi to worship Lord Maha Ganapathi and get His divine blessings. People from many other places come by this season for pooja and worship. Vedic gurus are invited to chant 4 vedas every day in the festival. The festivity of the temple begins with Summer Festival Rajagopuram Anniversary also known as "Palkudam Festival" or "Aandu Vizha" performed on "Panguni Anusham" day. With effect this year (2009), A family from Chennai has initiated "Pavithra Utsavam" to be performed for Maha Ganapathi every year. This year it was performed on 25 November 2009. 2010 Pavitra Utsavam is on between 8th Nov 2010 to 11th Nov 2010. Maha Kumbabishegam was performed on 29th June 2012. Nearly 20000 people participated and had the blessings of Lord Maha Ganapathi.

</doc>
<doc id="20893498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893498" title="Mobile social address book">
Mobile social address book

A mobile social address book is a phonebook on a mobile device that enables subscribers to build and grow their social networks. The mobile social address book transforms the phone book on any standard mobile phone into a social networking platform that makes it easier for subscribers to exchange contact information. The mobile social address book is the convergence of personal information management (PIM) and social networking on a mobile device. While standard mobile phonebooks force users to manually enter contacts, mobile social address books automate this process by enabling subscribers to exchange contact information following a call or SMS. The contact information exchange occurs instantaneously and the user’s phonebook updates automatically. Mobile social address books also provide dynamic updates of contacts if their numbers change over time.
History.
Mobile social address books began appearing in 2007 as a parallel social trend to the emergence of Internet-based social networking sites like Facebook, MySpace and LinkedIn, establishing a new paradigm for interpersonal contact and communication. Mobile social address books sought to bring the connectivity of social networking to the in-the-moment experience of the mobile phone. Users can easily exchange contact information regardless of their handset, mobile carrier, or social networking application they use.
Examples of emerging companies providing technology to support mobile social address books include: PicDial (which dynamically augments the existing address book with pictures and status from Facebook, MySpace and Twitter, integrates with the call screen so during every call you see the latest picture and status of whoever is calling. It is a network address book so everything can be managed from Windows or Mac as well and lastly you can also set your one callerID picture and status for your friends to see when you call them) FusionOne (whose backup and synchronization solutions lets users easily transfer and update mobile content, including contact information, among different devices); Loopt (whose Loopt service provides a social compass alerting users when friends are near); OnePIN (whose CallerXchange person-to-person contact exchange service lets users share contact info with one click on the mobile phone); and VoxMobili (whose Phone Backup and Synchronized Address Book solutions let users safeguard and synchronize their contact information among different devices).

</doc>
<doc id="20893504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893504" title="Felpham Community College">
Felpham Community College

Felpham Community College is a maintained comprehensive secondary school for pupils aged 11 to 18. It caters to approximately 1400 pupils in Years 7 to 13, including nearly 200 in its sixth form. It is now a mathematics and computing college
History.
Until the 1970s, students from primary schools in the village of Felpham attended secondary schools in the nearby town of Bognor Regis. A secondary school was opened in Felpham in 1974/5 as Felpham Comprehensive School. In 1978 it accommodated around 800 pupils and in 1980 the initial intake of pupils had reached the sixth form. The neighbouring Arun Leisure Centre was also completed at this time with the School sharing its sports facilities. The school was renamed as Felpham Community College in c.1991 by which time pupil number had risen to around 1300.
Campus.
The college is sited on a campus which is shares with the local leisure centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20893521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893521" title="1988 Miami Hurricanes football team">
1988 Miami Hurricanes football team

The 1988 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami in the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was Jimmy Johnson's final season as the Hurricanes head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20893523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893523" title="Frances Elliott Clark">
Frances Elliott Clark

Frances Elliott Clark (1860–1958) was an early music appreciation advocate. As a teacher in nineteenth century Ottumwa, Iowa, Clark spent ten minutes in each of her chorus rehearsals students telling them about composers or helping them recognize the stylistic features of the work that made it possible to place it in its correct historical context. Shortly thereafter, the phonograph added new opportunities for students to listen to music. Clark, who by 1903 had moved to Milwaukee, told of her introduction to the potential of Edison's invention. She realized the difference it could make to her students if they could hear professional recordings. Her principal agreed and approved the purchase of a machine for the schools.
Curriculum Development.
Clark made herself an authority on the use of the phonograph to teach music to children and in 1910 spoke to the Wisconsin Teachers Association on "Victrolas in the Schools." Edward Bailey Birge, president of the Music Supervisors National Conference (later ), invited her to present this subject at his MSNC program in Detroit. Within a year she had moved to Camden, New Jersey, where she established an educational department for the Victor Talking Machine Company. She supervised the preparation of recordings designed for use in the classroom. Recordings were also developed to correlate music with English and American literature. Among other responsibilities, Clark assisted record and Victrola dealers in setting up educational displays to help music educators learn the benefits of the phonograph. Victor issued a number of instructional booklets prepared by Clark and assistants. Clark remained with Victor for the rest of her professional career but kept up with the times in the 1920s, when she promoted the radio as an avenue to music appreciation.
References.
Mark, M.L. and Gary, C.L. (1999). "A History of American Music Education". Reston, The National Association for Music Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20893524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893524" title="Hameed Baloch">
Hameed Baloch

Hameed Baloch was an activist for the Baloch Students Organization (BSO) who was executed by the Pakistani government in 1981, and is regarded as a heroic martyr by Baloch nationalists. He was arrested on 9 December 1979, while he was a student at Government Degree College Turbat, on charges of firing at a military officer from the Gulf state of Oman who was recruiting Pakistani Baloch mercenary soldiers from Balochistan province to suppress the Dhofar Rebellion. Oman at the time was facing a Marxist–Leninist insurgency in its Dhofar province. Ever since Oman took control of the Balochistan enclave of Gwadar in the 18th Century (now under Pakistani control), it had hired foot soldiers from Balochistan to serve in the Sultan of Oman's Armed Forces.
The BSO, being a leftist organization, was opposed to the recruitment to fight against the Dhofari rebels,who's ideology it shared, fearing it would earn notoriety for the Baloch in the eyes of progressive forces throughout the world and weaken the Baloch nationalist movement in Pakistan. Secondly they saw it as aiming to 'pervert' the youth in Baloch society against Marxist–Leninist teachings by offering huge salaries for their services in a mercenary army.
Hameed was tried by a special military Court and condemned to death, even though the Omani officer was unhurt in the incident. The death sentence was carried out on 11 June 1981 in Mach prison, with Hameed's age being just 23 years. He wrote a will just hours before being taken to the gallows expressing defiance.
The execution left a significant impact on the Baloch nationalist movement and Balochi literature, with many ethnic-nationalist poets and writers dedicating works to his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20893530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893530" title="Ngalangi">
Ngalangi

Ngalangi (also known as Galangue) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20893543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893543" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1172">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1172

United Nations Security Council resolution 1172, adopted unanimously on 6 June 1998, after hearing of nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan in May 1998, the Council condemned the tests and demanded that both countries refrain from engaging in further tests.
Resolution.
The Security Council began by stating that all the proliferation of nuclear weapons posed a threat to international peace and security. It was concerned at the tests conducted by India and Pakistan and of a potential arms race in South Asia. The importance of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), the 
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) and the dismantling of nuclear weapons was emphasised. 
The Security Council condemned the Indian Pokhran-II test on 11 and 13 May and that of the Pakistani Chagai-I test on 28 and 30 May. It demanded that both countries stop testing immediately and asked all countries to no longer carry out nuclear weapons tests. India and Pakistan were also asked to show restraint, refrain from provocative moves and to resume dialogue. Both countries were also called upon to cease their nuclear weapons programmes, cease developing ballistic missiles and fissile material. All countries were urged to prohibit the export of equipment, materials or technology that could in any way assist programmes in either country. The resolution recognised that the tests constituted a serious threat towards global non-proliferation and disarmament.
In return for ending their nuclear programmes, the Security Council had offered to help in the settlement of the Kashmir conflict.
Reaction.
The two countries involved reacted angrily to the adoption of the resolution, with the Indian Foreign Ministry describing it as "coercive and unhelpful" while Pakistan said the presence of nuclear weapons in South Asia now a fact. However, the Government of India noted that the "UN Security Council has recognised that bilateral dialogue has to be the basis of India-Pakistan relations and mutually acceptable solutions have to be found for outstanding issues including Kashmir. This is in keeping with our position."

</doc>
<doc id="20893560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893560" title="Square Eddie">
Square Eddie

Square Eddie (foaled April 4, 2006 in Ontario, Canada) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who has competed in England and the United States and who was one of the top winterbook favorites for the 2009 Kentucky Derby.
Background.
Bred by Kinghaven Farms, he is a son of Forty Gran, a daughter of Northern Dancer's son, El Gran Senor. He was sired by a son of Mr. Prospector, Smart Strike, a Leading sire in North America who is the sire of fifty-six stakes winners including 2007 American Horse of the Year Curlin.
As a yearling, Square Eddie was sold to a British buyer for $200,000 at the September Keeneland Sales. He was trained in England by John Best for owner David Gorton.
Racing career.
The colt began racing on the turf at age two in England. Making his debut on May 19, 2008, at Windsor Racecourse, Square Eddie finished last in the Weatherbys Bank Conditions Stakes. Entered in the June 17 Group 2 Coventry Stakes, he ran eleventh in a field of eighteen, reportedly coming out of the race with sore shins. In his third start on July 22, under new jockey Steve Drowne, he earned his first win in the Emma Arbery Memorial Maiden Stakes at Salisbury Racecourse, then followed up with a close second-place result in the September 6 Sirenia Stakes at Kempton Park Racecourse.
Following his performance in the Sirenia Stakes, Square Eddie was purchased by California businessman J. Paul Reddam, who sent him to Lexington, Kentucky to race on the Polytrack synthetic dirt at Keeneland Race Course. Ridden by Rafael Bejarano, Square Eddie showed an affinity for synthetic dirt, easily winning the Grade 1 Breeders' Futurity Stakes by 4¾ lengths. After this win, Square Eddie was turned over to trainer American Doug O'Neill and was entered in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile on the synthetic surface at Santa Anita Park. With jockey Rafael Bejarano on board, he was running at or near the lead but coming down the stretch dropped back to third behind front-runner Midshipman. Boxed in by the horse running second on the outside, Square Eddie came back to finish second and may have won the race, but Garrett Gomez aboard winner Midshipman made sure there was no room to get past.
In a December 26, 2008, article on the ESPN website, award-winning horse racing writer Bill Finley picked Square Eddie as the number two contender behind Remsen Stakes winner Old Fashioned for the first leg of the 2009 U.S. Triple Crown series, the Kentucky Derby. [http://sports.espn.go.com/sports/horse/columns/story?columnist=finley_bill&id=3794362]
On January 17, 2009, Square Eddie made his three-year-old debut with a second-place finish in the San Rafael Stakes. [http://www.ntra.com/races.aspx?id=36518&section=races]

</doc>
<doc id="20893574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893574" title="Dhoop Mein Thandi Chaav...Maa">
Dhoop Mein Thandi Chaav...Maa

Dhoop Mein Thandi Chaav...Maa also known as Maa is a Hindi-language television series that aired on Zee TV channel. The series premiered on January 12, 2009 and aired every Monday to Friday at 7pm IST. The series concluded on April 17, 2009.
This series was once considered as one of the best on Zee TV, however, it went off-air just three months after it started. Reasons to why the series was pulled was uncertain but, according to the cast, it was definitely not because of TRPs. 
Plot.
The show is about Apara’s tirade against society and her three children’s suffering in the light of the fact that they are separated from her safety. 
Circumstances force Apara and her children to seek refuge in another house. The story shows how she overcomes the obstacles and tries to come out unscathed and unmarred, at the same time not letting go of her family’s honor.
Characters.
Shekhar (age 43).
Shekhar is Apara's husband, Anay, Aditi and Tanmay's father and Akshar's elder brother. He was killed by his own younger brother. He is now dead. (protagonist)
Apara (age 38).
Apara is Shekhar's wife, Anay, Aditi and Tanmay's mother and Akshar and Shandya's sister-in-law. (protagonist)
Akshar (age 29).
Akshar is Shekhar younger brother and bhuwajis son. Uncle of Anay, Aditi and Tanmay. He is killed his own elder brother Shekhar because to have all wealth of shekhar. He's is now become terrorist. (antagonist)
Sandhya (age 30).
Married to Rishi. Aunt of Anay, Aditi and Tanmay. She with Akshar is planning to ruin Apara's life. (antagonist)
Anay (age 12).
He is Shekhar and Apara's eldest son. (protagonist)
Aditi (age 8).
She is Shekhar and Apara's youngest daughter. (protagonist)
Tanmay (age 11).
He is Shekhar and Apara's son. (protagonist)
Kanta (age 24).
She is Sandhya's sister.She have crush on Akshar and wants to marry him. (used to be an minor antagonist)
Natasha (age 23).
Akshar's ex-girlfriend, hired by Akshar and Sandhya. (antagonist)
Bhua Ji (age 61).
She is the Akshar's mother and Shekshar's Bhuwaji . (protagonist)
Rishi (age 33).
Younger brother of Shekhar, he doesn't know that his wife is selfish and hates Apara. (protagonist)

</doc>
<doc id="20893577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893577" title="Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine">
Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine

The Tulane School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine is part of Tulane University of the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is the oldest school of public health in the United States and the only American school of Tropical Medicine.
Departments.
Biostatistics and Bioinformatics <br>
Global Community Health and Behavioral Sciences 
Global Environmental Health Sciences 
Epidemiology 
Global Health Systems and Development 
Tropical Medicine 
Centers and institutes.
Center for Applied Environmental Public Health 
Center for Bioenvironmental Research 
Center for Bioinformatics and Genomics 
Center for Cardiovascular Health 
Center for Evidence-Based Global Health 
Center for Global Health Equity 
Center for Infectious Disease 
Health Office for Latin America 
Hypertension and Renal Center for Excellence 
Mary Amelia Douglas-Whited Women's Health Education Center 
Office for Global Health 
Office of Health Research 
Prevention Research Center 
South Central Center for Public Health Preparedness 
South Central Public Health Institute 
South Central Public Health Training Center 
Specialized Center of Interdisciplinary Research (SCOR)
History.
The study of public health in Louisiana began in the early 19th century, when New Orleans suffered from endemic malaria and almost yearly epidemics of cholera and yellow fever. Attempts to control tropical diseases led to the establishment of the Medical College of Louisiana in 1834, founded by a group of young practicing physicians. The founders issued a prospectus that emphasized the lack of knowledge of these diseases and the necessity to study them in the environment in which they occurred. In 1881, formal instruction in hygiene was offered for the first time.
A gift to Tulane, $25,000 from businessman Samuel Zemurray, instituted the country's first School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in 1912. The school's launch in 1912 was significant, and as it was part of the movement to establish similar institutions around the world. It was hailed by academicians nationally and internationally as the first such school in the United States, where tropical diseases had had devastating effects, particularly in the South. The first Doctor of Public Health degree was conferred in 1914.
Later, in 1919, the School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine merged with the College of Medicine. The departments of tropical medicine and preventive medicine then merged to establish the department of tropical medicine and public health. Tulane joined the Council on Education of Public Health in 1947. With public health and tropical medicine rapidly expanding, an administrative division of graduate public health was created in 1958, and was re-designated as the Division of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in 1961. In 1967, the Hygiene and Tropical Medicine interests reverted to being its own entity of Tulane University and became today's iteration of the School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine.
Reputation.
The mission of Tulane School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine is to advance public health knowledge, promote health and well-being, and prevent disease, disability, and premature mortality. This is accomplished through academic excellence in the education of public health professionals, rigorous scientific research of public health problems, creative partnerships to advance the practice of public health, and innovative service to the local, national, and international public health community.
The school has more than 1,400 students and 100 faculty. The students, faculty, and staff represent more than 70 cultures from around the world. 
Students enroll from more than 40 different countries, and the school remains in the top tier of accredited schools of public health across the country. U.S. News & World Report's 2011 edition ranked the School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine 13th among public health programs. In 2008, the school conferred the first bachelor of science in public health degrees to the first undergraduate class of Tulane public health graduates. Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2012.
The Worst Civil Engineering Disaster in US History.
Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine was forced to close its doors for the first time since 1912 for one semester. This was the result of flooding of Tulane University's Health Science Center Campus in the central business district caused by levee failures after Hurricane Katrina . Tulane University of Public Health and Tropical Medicine received an outpouring of support from the Association of Schools of Public Health. The Association of Schools of Public Health acknowledge the following of the many examples of outstanding contributions.
All throughout the disaster and during recovery, Tulane School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine faculty have studied and are studying the public health ramifications of the levee failures. Today, Tulane University and the School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine remain deeply committed and involved in tangible efforts for a full recovery of New Orleans.
Location.
Tulane's School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine is located at 1440 Canal St, New Orleans, Louisiana in the Central Business District neighborhood. Its building is one of the tallest buildings in New Orleans, and is colloquially known as the Tidewater building. The area of the CBD that the School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine is in is currently being referred to as the Bioscience District, and was previously referred to as the Medical District. The BioDistrict is the site of $1.09 billion in new construction for the University Medical Center project that will replace Charity Hospital. An additional ~$1.0bn will be spent in the neighborhood on the new Southeast Louisiana Veterans Health Care System VA Hospital. The BioDistrict also includes the new 66,000 square foot BioInnovation Center and the 155,000 square foot Louisiana Cancer Research Center. The Tidewater building is most easily accessible by road, street car and Tulane University Shuttles. The Tidewater Building is short walk from Vieux Carré.
See also.
Global Health Magazine<br>
Disaster Resilience Leadership Academy<br>
Tulane School of Medicine<br>
Tulane National Primate Research Center<br>
Tulane Medical Center<br>
Biodistrict New Orleans<br>
Tulane Environmental Law Clinic<br>
Payson Center for International Development<br>
Association of Schools of Public Health<br>
Council on Education for Public health<br>
Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Management Education<br>
American Public Health Association

</doc>
<doc id="20893599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893599" title="Ömer Lütfü Topal">
Ömer Lütfü Topal

Ömer Lütfü Topal, sometimes spelled Lütfi, (1942, Doğanşehir, Malatya Province – July 28, 1996, Istanbul) was a Turkish businessman, who was deeply involved in the Susurluk scandal. He had convictions for drug smuggling, and was dubbed the "casino king" for the gambling ventures that made his later fortune, which amounted to around $1bn at the time of his assassination.
Background.
He was born in Doğanşehir, Malatya Province to Mahmut Topal. 
Life.
He has a criminal record at the İstanbul Police for the years 1962, 1969 and 1971 for threatening people and forcing them to sign debt bills, stabbing, injury, beating and murder. 
Drug smuggling.
According to Belgian newspapers, he was arrested on June 20, 1978 in Antwerp province of Belgium while carrying 6 kilos of heroin. A fake passport was found on him on the name of Sadık Sami Onar, issued by the Gaziantep Police. Besides, he was accused of drug transfer to the USA over Belgium. He was imprisoned in Belgium between June 14, 1978 and July 23, 1981. Then, he was extradited to the USA in order to serve a sentence passed on him for heroin trafficking. He was prosecuted in New York and sentenced to five years in prison. 
His name was mentioned in testimonies of persons, who had been apprehended between January 13 and February 20, 1981 in the Netherlands with vast amounts of heroin. 
Topal was captured by officers of the Istanbul Narcotics Branch on May 5, 1989 in connection with the aforementioned incident, but released by the İstanbul SSC Prosecution Office. 
Casino empire.
At the time of his death Topal owned casinos scattered throughout the country, oversaw an illicit enterprise that involved 450 people, and had 200 famous customers. According to his tax statement, he registered a loss of 6 billion Turkish Lira in 1993 ($546,493), however an investigation revealed that he had actually made a profit of 473 billion lira ($39m). An extensive 1999 study by the Ministry of Finance contained the following facts on Topal:
Topal was also accorded lengthy coverage in the Inspection Board report. Its author, Kutlu Savaş, wrote that Topal would have become a drug lord that posed a threat to the government if unstopped.
In 1995, he made certain attempts to take over the management of some hotels and casinos in Ashgabat in Turkmenistan. 
According to some information, he had dealt with drugs at the Emperyal Casino he owned in Istanbul, and that he had bribed certain members of the security organization in foreign currency.
Death.
Topal was gunned down on July 28, 1996 with a Kalashnikov rifle. Some say this was the beginning of the Susurluk scandal. Abdullah Çatlı's fingerprint was allegedly found on the drum of one of the machine guns used. Ayhan Çarkın and two other policemen were acquitted for lack of evidence; in 2008 the trial judge claimed this was due to a sabotage of the investigation.
He left behind 100 trillion lira (on the order of a billion USD). Twenty two of his companies were passed onto his son Murat Topal, daughter Elif Topal, and first wife Safiye Belli. His second wife, Birsu Hilal Altıntaş, inherited a few cars, companies, and properties too. After his death, his casinos were run by Ömer Gultekin.

</doc>
<doc id="20893612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893612" title="American Society for Precision Engineering">
American Society for Precision Engineering

The American Society for Precision Engineering is a non-profit member association, founded in 1986, dedicated to advancing the arts, sciences and technology of precision engineering, to promote its dissemination through education and training, and its use by science and industry.
Overview.
The American Society for Precision Engineering (ASPE) focuses on many areas that are important in the research, design, development, manufacture and measurement of high accuracy components and systems. This collective discipline is known as Precision engineering, and includes precision controls, metrology, interferometry, materials, materials processing, nanotechnology, optical fabrication, precision optics, precision replication, scanning microscopes, semiconductor processing, standards and ultra-precision machining.
History.
There has long been a "community" of precision engineers within the United States but a formal structure and common focus for the activities was lacking. This was not the case in Japan, as evidenced by the large and active Japanese Society of Precision Engineers. In November 1985, a joint US-Japanese meeting on precision engineering included a special session to discuss the possibility of forming an American Society. The enthusiasm of the participants and the overwhelming response to a subsequent questionnaire provided momentum. By November 1986, the American Society for Precision Engineering was incorporated and held its first Annual Meeting in Dallas, Texas. The theme of the well-attended meeting, "Thresholds in Precision Engineering," was reflected in 28 papers covering a broad spectrum of applications. At this meeting, a Board of Directors was elected with members drawn from industry, private laboratories, government and academia.
ASPE emphasizes the foundations necessary to achieve precision in any application and seeks to bring together practitioners from all of the related fields. The Annual Meeting, held each fall, presents topics spanning the field of precision engineering. 
Publications.
The Society jointly publishes a peer-reviewed technical journal, "Precision Engineering", in cooperation with its European and Japanese counterparts.
Lifetime Achievement Award.
The American Society for Precision Engineering presents the ASPE Lifetime Achievement Award to individuals who have made significant contributions to the field of Precision Engineering. 

</doc>
<doc id="20893616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893616" title="Civula">
Civula

Civula (also known as Quibula) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20893629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893629" title="The Messiah (wrestler)">
The Messiah (wrestler)

William C. Welch (born December 18, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name The Messiah.
Professional wrestling career.
Welch's professional career began on November 11, 1996, after being trained at the Slam U. Wrestling Gym in Sun Valley, Los Angeles, California. He worked for the school's parent company, the Slammers Wrestling Federation for a time, losing his first professional match there to El Sprito. In the Slammers Wrestling Federation, he worked under the name Iron Mike Ehrhardt.
Xtreme Pro Wrestling (1999–2001).
On November 20, 1999, Welch made his Xtreme Pro Wrestling debut under a mask as The Blunatic, where he lost to Nicole Bass. The following week, The Blunatic teamed with Felony to face Bass in a handicap match, but was again defeated. On December 17, Welch debuted his new ring name The Messiah, a holy man gimmick, where he defeated Johnny Webb. The Messiah soon rose up the card and eventually became a main eventer while wrestling against Extreme Championship Wrestling alumni such as Sabu, Chris Candido and New Jack. The Messiah cemented his spot as one of XPW's main stars when he won both the World Heavyweight and the King of the Deathmatch Championships to become the company's first and only double champion.
Combat Zone Wrestling (2002–2006, 2007, 2010).
After leaving XPW due to both personal issues and an uneasy feeling over the promotion's pornographic ties, Welch made his debut in Combat Zone Wrestling on January 12, 2002 under his Messiah ring name and gimmick, where he accepted then-World Heavyweight Champion Justice Pain's open challenge. At the first Tournament of Death on August 31, Messiah competed in the tournament despite not being an official entrant. Though he managed to defeat Adam Flash in the first round, Messiah lost to Nick Mondo in the semi-finals. Despite the loss, Messiah defeated Flash to win the Iron Man Championship on October 12 before later defeating Justice Pain for the World Heavyweight Championship on December 14. After losing the Iron Man Title to Nick Mondo on February 8, 2003, Messiah later lost the World Heavyweight Title to Zandig on October 25. Messiah would go on to win the World Heavyweight Title two more times before leaving the company in December 2006.
One year later, Messiah made a one-night return to compete for the World Heavyweight Title against defending champion Ruckus and Nick Gage, the latter of whom won the match and the title. On July 10, 2010 at the CZW and Jersey All Pro Wrestling co-event , Welch returned to compete as The Messiah in a 28-man battle royal, which was ultimately won by Helter Skelter.
Independent circuit (2007, 2009, 2011).
After leaving CZW in 2006, Messiah wrestled three matches for Pro Wrestling Unplugged in 2007 before taking a hiatus. On July 25, 2009, Messiah returned to wrestle a match for the Alternative Wrestling Show, which he lost to Johnny Goodtime. On July 10, 2011 at the second Acid-Fest event, Messiah and Adam Flash defeated Devon Moore and Drew Blood in a tag team match.
Other media.
Welch, as The Messiah, is a playable character in the video game "".
Personal life.
On August 1, 2002, Welch was attacked in his home by two men and had his thumb cut off during the assault. The attempted hit made national media coverage and was featured on the September 21, 2002 episode of "America's Most Wanted".
Welch married Renell Madison on October 14, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20893635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893635" title="Jaura, Pakistan">
Jaura, Pakistan

Jaura is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°40'0N 73°50'0E with an altitude of 233 metres (767 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="20893639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893639" title="The Budos Band II">
The Budos Band II

The Budos Band II is the second album by Staten Island, New York-based group The Budos Band. It was originally released on August 7, 2007 through Daptone Records. 
"Origin of Man" plays during the credits of "Staten Island". Furthermore, the song "Budos Rising" is well known in the "B-boying" community.

</doc>
<doc id="20893641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893641" title="Hardi Bujang">
Hardi Bujang

Hardi Alan Bujang (born on October 19, 1984) is a Bruneian footballer who is currently a Midfielder for Persema Malang. He is a member of the Brunei national team.
On January 4, 2009, He joined Persema Malang of Indonesia. He will have three years with Persema Malang. At the end of 2012, Bujang will apply at Sur Club in Oman.
Bujang made his international senior debut against Timor-Leste on July 22, 2008. He was part of the Brunei squad for 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup qualification. Bujang scored his first international goal in a 3–2 loss to Laos.
His twin brother Mardi Anak Bujang also played football for QAF FC and Brunei national team. The brothers both have played together for QAF FC, DPMM FC and Brunei national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20893645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893645" title="Peter S. Albin">
Peter S. Albin

Peter S. Albin (December 20, 1934 – February 20, 2008) was an American economist who wrote and taught primarily in New York City. Among other contributions, he was known for applying cellular automata in the social sciences.
Career.
Peter S. Albin earned his BA, from Yale College in 1956 and Ph.D from Princeton in 1964, both in economics. 
He was a professor of Economics at New York University from 1960 to 1974, and Chairman of the Economics Department of John Jay College of the City University of New York from 1974 to 1991. He taught and performed research at the Levy Economics Institute. He was visiting professor at the University of Göttingen in 1979–1980, the University of California, Berkeley in 1972–1973, he taught at the Sorbonne, at Cambridge University (1968–1969), at the Institute of Advanced Studies (Vienna) (1977–1979).
Additionally, he was a partner in the venture capital firm, the Unicorn group, for many years.
Writings.
Journal articles.
His articles have appeared in the American Economic Review, the Journal of Economic Literature, and many other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="20893663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893663" title="Khawaspur">
Khawaspur

Khawaspur is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°43'0N 73°59'0E with an altitude of 259 metres (853 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="20893665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893665" title="Barr (Baloch tribe)">
Barr (Baloch tribe)

The Burr also known as Khauda or Khaudai as their Title is a powerful Rind (Baloch tribe) tribe in Panjgur, Balochistan, Pakistan,
History and origin.
Crossing the Gulf of Oman they assert that they settled in the valley of pishin Iran to the west of Mand, where they are still to be found in large numbers .The Barr originally is a Rind tribe,Barr settled on the strip consisting upon Pak-Iran border towards Pasni & Kullanch region. A part of the tribe afterward migrated to Panjgur and settled in the villages of Bonistan, Pullabad, Soren, Parom, Makkad and Patandar, where then the Gichki Sardar assigned them the Kucha of Kohbun, and their Kauda (the title given to the tribe leader) Mir Kauda Mohammad Khan eventually became one of the leading men of the locality, he enjoyed so much influence that he was made Naib of Panjgur after the removal of Sardar Mir Mohammad Ali Khan Gichki. The present Kauda is connected with most of the leading baloch families in Panjgur. 

</doc>
<doc id="20893666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893666" title="Kristina Dörfer">
Kristina Dörfer

Kristina Dörfer, also known by the stage name "KR!S" or "Kris", (born 26 July 1984 in Wurzen, Saxony, East Germany) is a German singer and television actress.
Biography.
Dörfer was the older of two children. She and her younger brother grew up with their mother in Wurzen until she was eighteen years old. Dörfer learned to play the violin at primary school. She performed as a singer for the first time when she was ten years old in her home town, and after that she was hired for various events in the region.
In 2002, she reached the "Top 20" at RTL II for the Show "Teenstar". In the same year, she was presented with the Bravo Award for the project "1000 Schulen in Bewegung". The presentation was in Europa-Park and had an audience of 10.000.
In 2003, Dörfer was a candidate in the RTL show "Deutschland sucht den Superstar", which was the German edition of Pop Idol, reaching the "Top 50" stage.
After moving to the Ruhr Area, Dörfer started her professional singing career in two bands in the Dortmund area in parallel. With the "Soulsukkers", she sang soul music, and with "Soundset", a cover band, she sang rock and pop music.
The following year, Dörfer was selected by ProSieben for the "Popstars – Jetzt oder nie" program, and on 8 December 2004 was chosen as a member of the band created by the series, Nu Pagadi. The first single of the band, "Sweetest Poison" reached number one in the German charts. The first album, "Your Dark Side", reached number one in the German charts for one week. The band broke up in September 2005 nine months after being formed.
Dörfer, who had moved to Munich at the beginning of 2005, started a solo career from October 2005. She was given a contract by Edel Music. After appearing in concerts in various countries in Europe, her first single, "Room For More", was released in October 2006. The single reached number 10 in the charts in Finland and number 51 in the Czech Republic. Škoda used the song for advertising the "Roomster" model.
She has played Olivia Schneider in the ARD series "Verbotene Liebe" since December 2006.
In 2008, she was a member of the casting jury for the musical "Frühlings Erwachen", the German language edition of "Spring Awakening. "In September 2010 she and Joscha Kiefer (her former co-worker on "Verbotene Liebe") welcomed a daughter named Julie Marie".

</doc>
<doc id="20893667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893667" title="United States magistrate judge">
United States magistrate judge

In the United States federal courts, magistrate judges are appointed to assist United States district court judges in the performance of their duties. Magistrate judges are authorized by "et seq".
While district judges are nominated by the President and confirmed by the United States Senate for lifetime tenure, magistrate judges are appointed by a majority vote of the federal district judges of a particular district and serve terms of eight years if full-time, or four years if part-time, and may be reappointed. As of March 2009 there are 517 full-time and 42 part-time authorized magistrate judgeships, as well as one position combining magistrate judge and clerk of court.
Magistrate judges generally oversee first appearances of criminal defendants, set bail, and conduct other administrative duties.
Occasionally Presidents nominate magistrate judges for district judge vacancies. The Federal Magistrate Judges Association is the professional association for magistrate judges.
Authority.
The authority that a magistrate judge exercises is the jurisdiction of the district court itself, delegated to the magistrate judge by the district judges of the court under governing statutory authority and local rules of court. In criminal proceedings, magistrate judges preside over misdemeanor and petty offense cases, and as to all criminal cases (felony and misdemeanor) may issue search warrants, arrest warrants, and summonses, accept criminal complaints, conduct initial appearance proceedings and detention hearings, set bail or other conditions of release or detention, hold preliminary hearings and examinations, administer oaths, conduct extradition proceedings, and conduct evidentiary hearings on motions to suppress evidence in felony cases for issuance of reports and recommendations to the district judge.
The Supreme Court has held that federal magistrate judges may accept guilty pleas and has held in "Peretz v. United States" that magistrate judges may supervise the jury selection in a felony trial unless one party objects.
In civil proceedings, magistrate judges typically manage discovery and other pretrial matters. They are authorized to issue orders in pretrial matters as long as the order is not dispositive of the case as a whole (such as an order granting summary judgment). They may also be assigned to write reports and recommendations to the district judge as to dispositive matters. With the consent of the parties, they may adjudicate civil cases in the same manner as a district judge, including presiding over jury or non-jury trials.
Assignment.
Normally, a newly filed federal action is assigned by the clerk of the district court to a district judge and a magistrate judge (whose initials are then appended to the case number in most districts). Magistrates judges are not attached to particular district judges. Rather, the clerk runs a random selection procedure (in some courts, spinning a wheel) based on a list of all available district judges and then runs the same procedure based on a list of all available magistrate judges.
In a few districts, starting with the District of Oregon in 1984, magistrate judges participate together with district judges on a unified list of judges available for new cases. A newly filed case can then be assigned to a magistrate judge for all purposes, subject to the ability of any party in the action to affirmatively decline consent to that procedure within a certain time period. Filing of such a declination causes the magistrate judge to return the case to the court clerk for a standard assignment to a district-magistrate pair.
Review by an Article III tribunal.
Because Article III of the United States Constitution vests the judicial powers in courts to which the judges are appointed for life (and which are therefore called Article III tribunals), decisions of a magistrate judge are subject to review and either approval, modification or reversal by a district judge of that court, except in civil cases where the parties consent in advance to allow the magistrate judge to exercise the jurisdiction of the district judge. The magistrate judges therefore operate under the authority of Congress to appoint "inferior courts", set forth in Article I, making them Article I tribunals.
The Supreme Court most thoroughly delineated the permissible scope of Article I tribunals in "Northern Pipeline Construction Co. v. Marathon Pipe Line Co.", striking down the statute that created the original U.S. bankruptcy court. The Court noted in that opinion that the framers of the Constitution had developed a scheme of separation of powers which clearly required that the judicial branch be kept independent of the other two branches via the mechanism of lifetime appointments. However, the Court also found that Congress has the power under Article I to create "adjunct tribunals", so long as the "essential attributes of judicial power" stay in Article III courts. This power derives from two sources. First, when Congress "creates" rights, it can require those asserting such rights to go through an Article I tribunal. Second, Congress can create non-Article III tribunals to help Article III courts deal with their workload, but only if the Article I tribunals are under the control of the Article III courts. The magistrate judges fall within this category of "adjunct" tribunals. All actions heard in an Article I tribunal are subject to "de novo" review in the supervising Article III court, which retains the exclusive power to make and enforce final judgments.
The Supreme Court later noted, in "Commodity Futures Trading Commission v. Schor", that parties to litigation could voluntarily waive their right to an Article III tribunal, and thereby submit themselves to a binding judgment from an Article I tribunal.
History.
The office of United States magistrate judge was established by the Federal Magistrates Act of 1968. Its foundation is the United States commissioner system, established in 1793. Commissioners were previously used in federal courts to try petty offense cases committed on federal property, to issue search warrants and arrest warrants, to determine bail for federal defendants and to conduct other initial proceedings in federal criminal cases. The Federal Magistrates Act of 1968, as amended, was enacted by the Congress to create a new federal judicial officer who would (1) assume all the former duties of the commissioners and (2) conduct a wide range of judicial proceedings to expedite the disposition of the civil and criminal caseloads of the United States district courts.
In 1979, Congress expanded federal magistrates' authority to include all misdemeanors recognized by the federal criminal code. Magistrates' titles changed again in 1990, when they became "magistrate judges," symbolizing the ever-increasing importance of their work. The system has worked relatively well in the last 30 years, and has tended to shift the federal courts' caseload to the desired balance. Some legal observers have criticized the increasing powers of magistrate judges, who are neither appointed by the President nor confirmed by the Senate. On the other hand, the selection of a magistrate judge is a merit-based process which, by statute, requires public notice of a vacancy and the appointment of a merit selection panel which includes both lawyers and at least two non-lawyers. The panel is required to consider the attributes of each candidate, including scholarship, experience, knowledge of the court system, and personal attributes such as intelligence, honesty and morality, maturity, demeanor, temperament, and ability to work with others. Applicants for the post must be personally interviewed and recommended for the position. Magistrate judges are compensated at a slightly lower scale than district judges and do not benefit from the full array of benefits accorded to district judges, so increased magistrate judge involvement in judicial matters has a cost-savings effect for the federal courts.
With the caseload of the federal courts increasing steadily, it is likely that magistrate judges will continue to wield considerable authority in the federal court system.
State courts.
Magistrates in Ohio.
In Ohio, magistrates are appointed by the judges of many municipal courts, domestic relations and juvenile courts, and some courts of appeals and common pleas courts. In addition, to avoid any conflict of interest, most communities with mayor's courts have magistrates preside over sessions, rather than the mayors themselves. Ohio magistrates do virtually everything judges do. Their actions are subject to review and either approval, modification or reversal by judges of their court. The exception is mayor's court magistrates. Upon the timely notice of appeal from a conviction in a Mayor's Court, the proceeding before either the county or municipal court of the county in which the community is located is de novo.
County Magistrates in Georgia.
In Georgia, each county has a chief magistrate, elected by the voters of the county, who has the authority to hold preliminary hearings in criminal cases, conduct bench trials for certain misdemeanor offenses, including deposit account fraud (bad checks), grant bail (except as to very serious felony charges), and preside over a small claims court for cases where the amount in controversy does not exceed $15,000. In some counties the chief magistrate may be authorized to appoint one or more additional magistrates to assist in carrying out the chief magistrate's duties. In some Georgia counties the Probate Court Judge also presides over magistrate court as Chief Magistrate. The enabling legislation does not require magistrates to be licensed attorneys and most Magistrates in Georgia are not required licensed attorneys, however, local legislation in certain counties requires that either the chief magistrate or all of the magistrates be licensed attorneys so some counties have both attorneys and non-attorneys on the magistrate court bench.
County Magistrates in South Carolina.
In South Carolina, magistrates are appointed to four-year terms by the Governor upon the advice and consent of the Senate. They serve the county in which they are appointed and exercise county wide jurisdiction. They preside over civil and criminal cases, issue restraining orders, search and arrest warrants and conduct bond hearings (except as to a limited number of the most serious offenses such as murder), preliminary hearings, bench and jury trials. They have jurisdiction in civil cases when the amount in controversy does not exceed $7,500 per side (example: Plaintiff sues for $7500 and Defendant counterclaims for $7500), in traffic and criminal cases (offenses carry a penalty range from 1 day up to 3 years, although most are 30 days) and Landlord-Tenant cases with no limit on the dollar amount involved. Magistrates are referred to by the litigants and lawyers that appear before them as "Judge" or "Your Honor." The South Carolina Constitution guarantees defendants the right to a trial by jury on all criminal charges. Juries in Magistrate's Courts are composed of six citizens.
County Magistrates in Pennsylvania.
In Pennsylvania, magisterial district judges are elected for six-year terms by the electors in the district that the magistrate judge serves. They serve alone in districts apportioned by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania and exercise statewide jurisdiction, with limitations. They conduct criminal arraignments and preliminary hearings, issue arrest warrants and search warrants in some cases, hear civil disputes involving $8,000.00 or less, Landlord-Tenant disputes, except not matters involving title to real estate, issue temporary Protection from Abuse Act orders, decide traffic, game law, and fish and boat code cases, conduct marriages, administer oaths and affirmations, etc. They are state employees and supervise staffs which are county employees.
Unlike judges in the county-level Courts of Common Pleas, or in the appellate courts, magistrates in Pennsylvania are not required to have law degrees.
County Magistrates in Kentucky.
In many counties in Kentucky, Magistrates are elected every four years to the County's Fiscal Court. A Fiscal Court is led by an elected County Judge-Executive and is equivalent to a County Commission. A Kentucky County is separated into districts, and the citizens of each district elects a Magistrate to serve on this court. Under Kentucky's first constitution, Fiscal Courts were in charge of all judicial and legislative powers of a county. In the present constitution the Fiscal Court is only designated to carry out legislative powers, while the Judge-Executive carries out the executive powers of the county. In some counties in Kentucky, the magistrates no longer sit on the Fiscal Court, having been replaced by three at-large County Commissioners, along with the County Judge/Executive. In these counties, magistrates are still elected, however their duties are limited to the performance of marriage ceremonies.
Texas Magistrates.
In Texas, all judges are magistrates, along with mayors of incorporated cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20893684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893684" title="Kingdom of Ndulu">
Kingdom of Ndulu

Ndulu (also known as Andulo, Ondulu or Ondura) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20893688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893688" title="Nurullah Tevfik Ağansoy">
Nurullah Tevfik Ağansoy

Nurullah Tevfik Ağansoy (1960, Topcular, Istanbul – August 28, 1996, Bebek, Istanbul) was a Turkish mob boss and former Grey Wolves member who was involved in the Susurluk scandal. After the 1980 coup, he was arrested and sentenced to 16 years in prison for his role in shootings, bombings, and a murder. In 1986, he was charged with a further five murders and began cooperating with Turkish intelligence, being released in 1989. He was assassinated on the orders of his former business partner Alaattin Çakıcı.
Background.
His parents were Yaşar and Ayşe.
Ağansoy was a member of the Çağlayan, Kağıthane branch of the Nationalist Movement Party in the 1970s, and knew Alaattin Çakıcı as a leader of a neighbouring branch.
Imprisonment.
Prior to 1980 Turkish coup d'etat, he was arrested by the Military Court No. 1 on May 20, 1979 on allegations of his involvement in killing and wounding persons and various bombings in Şişli and Gültepe in İstanbul. However, the court decided to release him pending trial, and he was acquitted subsequently.
He was arrested on July 10, 1981 as one of the persons involved in the killing of Zafer Ereske in 1980. He was convicted on January 29, 1981 for planting bombs and carrying a gun without license.
During the period he served in Metris Prison in Istanbul, he handed in a petition on April 24, 1988, requesting to benefit from the Repentance Law.
Release.
He was released in 1989, and began working together with Çakıcı. He fell out with Çakıcı over the shooting of Engin Civan, as his name became associated with the shooting (Civangate) and he had to flee abroad. He was captured in Germany with the assistance of Interpol. At his trial Uğur Kılıç, Çakıcı's wife and the daughter of Dündar Kılıç, was due to testify, but Çakıcı had her murdered first. Ağansoy declared he would get revenge for this murder, whereupon Çakıcı announced that Ağansoy would be dead within two months. An attempt to assassinate Ağansoy at the 3 April 1996 court hearing at which he was released was narrowly foiled.
Assassination.
On August 28, 1996, while he was sitting in a cafe in the Bebek neighborhood of Istanbul with Celal Babür and Ferda Temel (the police officers in charge of protecting Prime Minister Tansu Çiller), he was targeted by assassins arriving by car. Ağansoy was shot dead along with Babür in an attack carried out by hitmen hired by Alaattin Çakıcı. The cafe's owner, Gulcin Balaban, was also killed; cafe customers, including some notable figures such as Sibel Can and Cem Özer, were able to escape, although some were injured. The shootout lasted for 20 minutes and despite taking place just 200 metres from the local police station, no police intervened until the end of the shootout, and the attackers were not pursued.
He was buried in Zincirlikuyu Cemetery, with his wife Hülya avowing revenge.

</doc>
<doc id="20893690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893690" title="Edward Bailey Birge">
Edward Bailey Birge

Edward Bailey Birge (1868–1952) was a founding member of the Music Supervisors National Conference, which later became the (MENC). Birge served as president of the organization from 1910–1911, and also as chairmen of the editorial board for the "Music Educators Journal" for many years. He originated the "MEJ Clubs" on college campuses that made possible student memberships. Though the clubs, the "Journal" was used in classes with prospective teachers. This greatly increased the circulation of the magazine. In recognition of his long service to the "Journal" and to the Conference, the MENC board of directors named him chairman emeritus. Birge is also remembered for writing the first history of American music education. He was a member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia fraternity for men in music, initiated with Paul J. Weaver and Clarence C. Birchard in April 1924 at the national convention of MENC held in Cincinnati, Ohio.
References.
Mark, M.L. and Gary, C.L. (1999). "A History of American Music Education." Reston: National Association for Music Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20893714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893714" title="Cingolo">
Cingolo

Cingolo (also known as Quingolo) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20893719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893719" title="Rubie Corporate Plaza">
Rubie Corporate Plaza

The Rubie Corporate Plaza is a modern office complex located at the crossroads of Route 110 and the South Service Road of the Long Island Expressway. The office building will stand 4 stories high and offer of space in addition to promising such amenities as a high end restaurant with out door dining area and a comprehensive fitness center.
The Rubie Corporate Plaza has been nicknamed the "Jewel" of the 110 Corridor, playing off the name of the property and the perceived prestige of the location and architecture.
Site History.
The Rubie Corporate Plaza is located in a section of prime real estate in both the towns of Melville, NY and Huntington, NY commonly referred to as the "110 Corridor". It is a six mile (10 km) stretch along Route 110 between the Southern State and Northern State Parkway and is recognized as "...the premier office-business district on Long Island" according to Paul F. Amoruso, managing partner of Oxford & Simpson, commercial brokers in Jericho, NY.
The 110 Corridor and immediate surrounding area is home to corporate headquarters for several multi-national companies including Sbarro, and Nu Horizons Electronics as well as regional offices for Estee Lauder, TD Bank, and Adecco USA. In addition to corporate headquarters, the 110 corridor offers high end dining options Blackstone's Steakhouse and Four Food Studios.
The site on which Rubie Corporate Plaza is located had been owned by the Schaefer family for many years and had been undeveloped. It was sold by the family in 1999 to settle a long-running legal dispute among family members, according to former Newsday real estate writer Alan Wax, who wrote about the sale. Rubie paid $6.1 million, or about $1 million an acre for the property, then one of the last major pieces of developable land in the 110 Corridor.
Design.
The architecture and design for Rubie Corporate Plaza was a collaborative design from Thomas Mojo of Mojo Stumer. At the heart of the design is a dramatic three story stairway and open waterfall. The Plaza also features a board room.
Construction and Future.
Originally targeted for a Spring 2009 unveiling, construction delays pushed the opening of the complex to December 2009.
Tenants.
The Rubie Corporate Plaza's is home to major tenant Northwestern Mutual - Quinlan Financial Group on the entire second floor.

</doc>
<doc id="20893724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893724" title="Ben Lythe">
Ben Lythe

Ben Lythe (born 14 October 1975 in New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league player. His position of preference was at Halfback. He was also a noted goalkicker.
Early years.
Hailing from West Auckland, Lythe played for the Mt Albert Lions and Glenora Bears in the Auckland Rugby League competition and also played for the Waitakere City Raiders in the national Lion Red Cup. He was part of the team that lost the 1996 Lion Red Cup Grand Final, although he kicked three goals in that game. In the Auckland competition he also had some game time at hooker, swapping positions with Duane Mann.
His good performances earned him minor rep honours in 1996, being selected for both the North Zone in the inter zone challenge and the New Zealand XIII in the Pacific Challenge. He was also part of the Lion Red Cup selection that embarrassed the touring Great Britain Lions, drawing with the much more powerful side.
In 1997 he joined the Widnes Vikings in England, linking up with former Raiders team mate Boycie Nelson. 
He then returned to New Zealand in 1998 and led the Glenora Bears to the Fox Memorial title, scoring 324 points (more than 130 clear of the next best on the points-scoring list). He also was involved in the Auckland representative side, scoring 98 points in only five games. He married Mardie Harkness in November 1998, however the honeymoon had to be postponed due to an Auckland-Canterbury match the next day.
Australian competitions.
In 1999 his point scoring reputation earned him interest from overseas and he joined the Burleigh Bears in the Queensland Cup. The Bears won the competition that year and Lythe was the competitions leading scorer, with over 200 points.
He was signed to a one year contract in 2000 by the Auckland Warriors, who needed a replacement for the injured Stacey Jones. He played five games for the club, however after Jones returned from injury he found himself surplus to requirements at the Warriors. Due to the Warriors feeder agreements, when he was not selected by the first grade side he was sent to Brisbane Souths to play in the Queensland Cup. He toured Australia with the New Zealand Residents in 2000.
Return to Domestic Competition.
In 2000 he joined the Mt Albert Lions in the new Bartercard Cup competition. At Mt Albert he formed a strong halves combination with Steve Buckingham and the pair led the Lions to three Bartercard Cup titles.
His return to domestic competitions again earned him representative selections and he was part of the New Zealand 'A' side that toured France and the United States in 2002 and was selected for the New Zealand 'A' 2003 tour of Great Britain. However he ended up withdrawing from the 2003 tour due to family reasons. In 2005 he was selected to be part of a Presidents XIII that played a warm up game against the New Zealand Warriors.
He changed codes in 2007, joining the Mahurangi rugby union club as a player-coach. Mahurangi compete in the North Harbour competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20893734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893734" title="SOCATA Horizon">
SOCATA Horizon

The SOCATA GY-80 Horizon is a French four-seat touring monoplane of the 1960s designed by Yves Gardan and built under licence for Sud Aviation by SOCATA at Nantes and Rochefort.
Design and development.
This aircraft was designed by well-known French designer Yves Gardan during the 1950s. In the latter part of that decade, Sud-Aviation acquired from Gardan a license to build the design. The prototype first flew in the summer of 1960, and Sud-Aviation (which later became part of SOCATA) manufactured 267 units by the end of 1969, when production was terminated.
The design uses a low-mounted cantilever wing which incorporates two electrically-operated Fowler-type trailing-edge flaps and four Frise-type ailerons. The tricycle undercarriage was partially retractable (a little more than half of each wheel remains exposed in the retracted position). The basic design used a 160 hp (119 kW) Avco Lycoming O-320 flat air-cooled engine driving a fixed-pitch metal propeller, but a more powerful engine and three-blade constant-speed propeller were available.
Most Horizons were bought by French pilot owners, but examples were exported to several countries including Germany, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and numbers remain in service in 2013.
An improved variant was developed originally as the Super Horizon 2000 and later went into production as the ST 10 Diplomate.

</doc>
<doc id="20893735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893735" title="North/South Alliance">
North/South Alliance

The North/South Alliance was a large American Civil War reenactment umbrella organization which planned and executed national-level reenactments for the Western Theater of the American Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20893736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893736" title="Stewart Cleveland Cureton">
Stewart Cleveland Cureton

Dr. Stewart Cleveland Cureton (March 24, 1930 – December 30, 2008), also known as S.C. Cureton, was President of the National Baptist Convention from March 1999 to September 1999. Cureton, then Vice President-At-Large, took over the leadership of the Convention when his predecessor Henry Lyons was forced to resign. He served the remainder of the Lyons' tenure. Cureton, a former math teacher, was pastor of Reedy River Missionary Baptist Church in South Carolina. He was an advocate on state issues such as the establishment of a holiday honoring Martin Luther King in Greenville County. Cureton was instrumental in bringing King to Greenville for a speech in April 1967. He died on December 30, 2008 aged 78. 

</doc>
<doc id="20893754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893754" title="Diabloceratops">
Diabloceratops

Diabloceratops [dee-ab-lo-ser-a-tops] is an extinct genus of centrosaurine ceratopsian dinosaur that lived approximately 79 million years ago during the latter part of the Cretaceous Period in what is now Utah, in the United States. "Diabloceratops" was a medium sized, moderately-built, ground-dwelling, quadrupedal herbivore, that could grow up to an estimated long. "Diabloceratops" is paleontologically significant because, at the time of its discovery, it was the oldest known ceratopsid, and first centrosaurine known from latitudes south of Montana.
Etymology.
The genus name combines the Spanish word "Diablo", meaning "devil", a reference to the horns on the neck shield, with the Latinised Greek word "ceratops", meaning "horned face", a usual element in ceratopsian names. The specific name honours Jeffrey Eaton, a paleontologist at Weber State University and long time friend of the lead author Jim Kirkland. Eaton had a big role in establishing the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument where the specimen was found. The type species, "Diabloceratops eatoni", was named and described in 2010 by James Ian Kirkland and Donald DeBlieux.
Discovery and occurrence.
The only two specimens of "Diabloceratops eatoni" were recovered at the Wahweap Formation, in Kane County, Utah. Type specimen UMNH VP 16699 was collected by Don DeBlieux in 2002, at the Last Chance Creek locality of this formation, in intraclastic sandstone that was deposited during the Campanian stage of the Cretaceous period, approximately 81 to 76 million years ago. It consists of a partial skull with a piece of the lower jaw, with the right side being intact and part of the left side, which has been weathered. Another specimen UMNH VP 16704 was discovered years earlier in 1998 by Joshua A. Smith at the Nipple Butte locality of the same formation, but was not described until 2010, when it was assigned to "Diabloceratops". These specimens are housed in the collection of the Natural History Museum of Utah.
Description.
"Diabloceratops" was built like a typical ceratopsian in that it had a large neck frill made of bone. It had a small horn on the nose, perhaps a second horn in front of that, and a pair of relatively small horns above the eyes. The skull is deeper and shorter than that of any other centrosaurines. Upon the frill it also had a pair of very long spikes as in "Einiosaurus" and "Styracosaurus". It being one of the earliest centrosaurine ceratopsids, Kirkland noted a character "Diabloceratops" shared with the more "primitive" protoceratopsid forms. Both possess an accessory opening in the skull that would become much reduced or disappear in later, more advanced ceratopsids. Kirkland saw this as an indication that the earlier species were not together included in some single natural group but instead presented a gradual sequence of ever more derived forms, increasingly closer related to the Ceratopsidae.
Paleoecology.
Habitat.
The Wahweap Formation has been radiometrically dated as being between 81 and 76 million years old. During the time that "Diabloceratops" lived, the Western Interior Seaway was at its widest extent, almost completely isolating southern Laramidia off from the rest of North America. The area where dinosaurs lived included lakes, floodplains, and east-flowing rivers. The Wahweap Formation is part of the Grand Staircase region, an immense sequence of sedimentary rock layers that stretch south from Bryce Canyon National Park through Zion National Park and into the Grand Canyon. The presence of rapid sedimentation and other evidence suggests a wet, seasonal climate.
Paleofauna.
"Diabloceratops" shared its paleoenvironment with other dinosaurs, such as the hadrosaur "Acristavus gagslarsoni", unnamed ankylosaurs and pachycephalosaurs, and the theropod "Lythronax argestes", which was likely the apex predator in its ecosystem. Vertebrates present in the Wahweap Formation at the time of "Diabloceratops" included freshwater fish, bowfins, abundant rays and sharks, turtles like "Compsemys", crocodilians, and lungfish. A fair number of mammals lived in this region, which included several genera of multituberculates, cladotherians, marsupials, and placental insectivores. The mammals are more primitive than those that lived in the area that is now the Kaiparowits Formation. Trace fossils are relatively abundant in the Wahweap Formation, and suggest the presence of crocodylomorphs, as well as ornithischian and theropod dinosaurs. In 2010 a unique trace fossil was discovered that suggests a predator-prey relationship between dinosaurs and primitive mammals. The trace fossil includes at least two fossilized mammalian den complexes as well as associated digging grooves presumably caused by a maniraptoran dinosaur. The proximity indicates a case of probable active predation of the burrow inhabitants by the animals that made the claw marks. Invertebrate activity in this formation ranged from fossilized insect burrows in petrified logs to various mollusks, large crabs, and a wide diversity of gastropods and ostracods.
External links.
archosaurmusings - diabloceratops-eatoni

</doc>
<doc id="20893763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893763" title="Medet Serhat">
Medet Serhat

Medet Serhat (1943, Iğdır – 12 December 1994, Istanbul) was a Turkish lawyer of Kurdish descent, from an aristocratic family of Igdir branch of widely spread Retkan tribe. He was a prominent member of the Istanbul Bar Association, and was known for having support of both Kurds and Turks from different political viewpoints. He represented many Kurdish and Turkish political and business figureheads, most notably Behçet Cantürk, who was also assassinated in 1994.
Background.
He was born in Iğdır (then part of Kars Province) to İsa (father) and Bahar (mother) Serhat.
He graduated from the Faculty of Law at Istanbul University.
Career.
He was kept in prison for 13 months in 1959 and he was released subsequently. When the Supreme Court quashed the verdict, he was sentenced in a re-trial to 10 months 20 days in prison. The case was about university students group having Kurdish identity, and having higher education with Kurdish identity, instead of assimilating to a Turkish identity. The court accused these students as "Kurdish Communist". It was a frequent tool of Turkish state to brand any opposition as socialist or communist, thus believing to justify the state was right in the Cold War era. The case, commonly known as 49lar (Eng. 49ers) for there were 49 suspects, is the first case of the new republic reflexes for Kurds will be harsh even if its a totally civil, not an armed organization, and accepted as the first civil movement for Kurdish identity in the Turkish Republic.
He was prosecuted without arrest in 1963 accused of having disseminated Kurdish propaganda in the journal "Denge", which he published in Istanbul.
In 1965, he was sentenced to 1 year 4 months in prison for establishing a Kurdish organization.
In 1975, he was elected Principal Member of Discipline Committee of Board of Directors of Istanbul Bar Association from Çağdaş Avukatlar Grubu (Modern Lawyers Group), winning 396 votes of members.
In 1977, he attended the International Lawyers Meeting in Zagreb, Yugoslavia.
In 1978, he was elected Istanbul Representative of "İttihad-i Vatani Kürdistan" (Union of the Kurdish Nation) which was active abroad parallel to Jalal Talabani.
He was a candidate for Kars from the list of the CHP in the local elections held in 1979.
In 1980, he joined the TKP (Communist Party of Turkey) as a provisional member.
He was detained on 27.01.1981 on charges of disseminating communist and Kurdish propaganda and was released on 29.01.
In 1982, he joined the defense in a PKK trial that was launched in Erzurum. As well as, the trials in Istanbul and Diyarbakir.
In the same year, he was arrested for membership of the Executive Board of the Peace Association.
He was released in November 1983. In 1984, he was acted as the lawyer of Behçet Cantürk, who was involved in drug trafficking, for only one case, and although Behçet Cantürk had another lawyer officially, Medet Serhat always thought to be his lawyer.
1990s.
He was among the founding members of the “Kurdish Rights and Freedoms Foundation,” which was established in İstanbul in 1990 with the aim of establishing the Kurdish National Union, and in this respect establishing a national assembly and a Kurdish political party on a legal platform.
In 1991, he was among the lawyers who clients among the defendants of the “Peace Committee Association” trial.
He was among the persons who signed the declaration of “Call for the Democracy Assembly,” which was written during the General Assembly of the Democracy Party (DEP) held in Ankara on 18 and 19 December 1993.
He was among the lawyers who defended MPs from the defunct Democracy Party (DEP) in the trial launched against them at Ankara SSC in October 1994.
Assassination.
He was killed along with his driver outside his house in Erenköy, İstanbul, on 12.11.1994. His wife barely survived 14 bullet wounds, and in all her statements she could give up the details or her husband's murderer, and her attacker, but could not give up any facial details till she have seen Nurullah Tevfik Agansoy on television.
Medet Serhat's murder was instantly declared as an extrajudicial killing, and its still unsolved. Extrajudicial killings were a tool used by Turkish Deep state between 1992 to 1994. Medet Serhat's murder had a huge impact, as approximately 5,000 people both Turkish and Kurdish, marched at his funeral. His colleagues from the Istanbul Bar Association attended with their courthouse robes. 
His name was mentioned as an organized murder by the deep state in Susurluk Scandal, and in 2010 his family asked to be officially listed as victims of the Ergenekon (organization) due to the confessions made by the organization members.

</doc>
<doc id="20893774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893774" title="Malka">
Malka

Malka is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°51'0N 73°59'0E with an altitude of 285 metres (938 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="20893796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893796" title="United States Ambassador to Malta">
United States Ambassador to Malta

This is a list of Ambassadors of the United States to Malta.
Until 1964 Malta had been a part of the British Empire. Malta was granted full independence on September 21, 1964. The United States recognized the new nation and established full diplomatic relations. Embassy Valletta was established September 21, 1964, with Harrison Lewis as "Chargé d'Affaires ad interim" until an ambassador could be commissioned.

</doc>
<doc id="20893805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893805" title="Scanning thermal microscopy">
Scanning thermal microscopy

Scanning thermal microscopy (SThM) is a type of scanning probe microscopy that maps the local temperature and thermal conductivity of an interface. The probe in a scanning thermal microscope is sensitive to local temperatures - providing a nanoscale thermometer. Thermal measurements at the nanometer scale are of both scientific and industrial interest.
Applications.
SThM allows thermal measurements at the nanoscale. These measurements can include: temperature, thermal properties of materials, thermal conductivity, heat capacity, glass transition temperature, latent heat, enthalpy, etc. The applications include:
History.
Scanning thermal microscopy (SThM) was invented by Williams and Wickramasinghe in 1986.
Technique.
SThM requires the use of specialized probes. There are two types of thermal probes. Thermocouple probes where the probe temperature is monitored by a thermocouple junction at the probe tip and resistive or bolometer probes where the probe temperature is monitored by a thin film resistor at probe tip. These probes are generally made from thin dielectric films on a silicon substrate and use a metal or semiconductor film bolometer to sense the tip temperature. Other approaches, using more involved micromachining methods, have also been reported. In a bolometer probe the resistor is used as a local heater and the fractional change in probe resistance is used to detect the temperature and/or the thermal conductance of the sample. When the tip is placed in contact with the sample, heat flows from the tip to sample. As the probe is scanned, the amount of heat flow changes. By monitoring the heat flow, we can create a thermal map of the sample .
Tip-sample heat transfer can include 

</doc>
<doc id="20893809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893809" title="Adnan Yıldırım">
Adnan Yıldırım

Adnan Yıldırım (1957 – 2 June 1994) was a Turkish person involved in the Susurluk scandal in 1994.
Yıldırım was born in Diyarbakır, the son of Selim Yıldırım.
On 2 June 1994 (some records say 3 June), together with Savaş Buldan and Hacı Karay, he was abducted by unidentified armed persons from the Çınar Hotel in Yeşilyurt, İstanbul. The abducted persons were found dead on 4 June 1994, on the road of Yukarıkaraş village of Yığılca District, Bolu Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20893810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893810" title="Miana Chak">
Miana Chak

Miana Chak is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°43'20N 74°8'0E with an altitude of 247 metres (813 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="20893822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893822" title="Dan Rather Reports">
Dan Rather Reports

Dan Rather Reports is a weekly news television show hosted by former CBS news anchor Dan Rather and airing on AXS TV. After being broadcast, episodes are available on DVD and in the iTunes Store. Like all AXS TV programming, it is broadcast in high definition. 
The show premiered on November 14, 2006, when Rather was 75 years old. As host, correspondent, and narrator, Rather had been given full creative and editorial control over the new program. Rather planned to focus the show on field correspondence news, investigative journalism, and politics. The hour-long show is broadcast on Tuesdays at 8:00 p.m. ET (rebroadcast at 11:00). Its longer format allows for more in-depth presentation of issues.
Initially "The New York Times" commented that it "seems to favor Democrats who love America".
In 2008, "Dan Rather Reports" was awarded a News and Documentary Emmy. The show was also nominated for Emmy awards in 2007 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20893831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893831" title="God kveld Norge!">
God kveld Norge!

God kveld Norge is a Norwegian celebrity and entertainment program hosted by Dorthe Skappel since it was launched on TV2 in 1997. Its title transelates to "Good Evening Norway".

</doc>
<doc id="20893845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893845" title="Noonanwali">
Noonanwali

Noonanwali, also spelt Nunwala, is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 30°30'0N 72°5'0E with an altitude of 122 metres (403 feet). 
The village Noonanwali are in the middle of Kharian and Dinga (dingaroad).
The Union Council of Noonawali also contains Khunnan. Also known as the Model Village for the reforming changes it has undergone in few years. New road projects, new sewage system, High Schools, Agriculture reform, Hospitals, SUI Gas and many other.

</doc>
<doc id="20893865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893865" title="Jyotsna">
Jyotsna

Jyotsna or Jyoshna (Sanskrit: ज्योत्स्ना) is a Sanskrit word meaning moonlight. It is also a common (feminine) given name in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20893872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893872" title="Visual artifact">
Visual artifact

Visual artifacts are anomalies during visual representation of e.g. digital graphics and imagery.
Occurrences in video entertainment.
Many people who use their computers as a hobby experience artifacting due to a hardware malfunction. The cases can differ but the usual causes are:
The differing cases of visual artifacting can also differ between scheduled task(s).
In microscopy.
In microscopy, an artifact is an apparent structural detail that is caused by the processing of the specimen and is thus not a legitimate feature of the specimen.
For example, a "crush artifact" is artificial elongation and distortion when smearing cells or tissue for microscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="20893883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893883" title="Panjan Kissana">
Panjan Kissana

Brig.sahib dad was an important personality of Panjan Kissana. He belonged to pakistan people party. he was also communication minster of Punjab, Pakistan. another personality of panjan kissana is ch athar ali. He was member of norwiegen assambly. He has taken a part in the red election of Norway. ch athar ali was a first Pakistani who spoke to the Norwegian assembly. Another important personality of punjan is Choudhary Mushtaq Ahmed s/o Choudhary Karam Dad. He was the brother of brig sahib dad. He was ex. Member district council sargodha. He also belongs to Pakistan peoples party. He was also Chairman Ussha Zakat Committee Sargodha. 
Some other renowned persons of this village are Ahsan Chuhadry,Mian Akhtar france, Ch.Ahmed Khan, Haji Nadir ( Nazim ), Dr.Mudassar Ali, Ch.Sahibdad ex chairman, Iftikhar Advocate. Dr. Aftab, Hafiz Sajid (goldsmith) etc.
Another renowned personality of Panjan Kassana ia Ch Mehdi Khan S/O Ch Rehmat Khan who has remarkably handled the Office as the President of the Pakistan International Airlines C.B.A and has saved the Airline over 80 million Rupees in a matter of a few months. He belongs to Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz group and has strong ties with the party and the current government.Panjan kassana peoples mostly are in foreign countries but this village still got some good education institutes & medical facilities. Most peoples belong to Gujjar cast & their subcaste is Kasana as from where the name of this village came. In brief you can't call it a village but a small town or a model village
References.
Panjan Kasana's Official Website
Panjan Kissana has a great Islamic hisstory
there are two Islamic academies called Jamia Hanfia Sadiqua Tajvid ul Quraan, for male and female students from all over the Pakistan and some other countries Iran Afghanistan are getting Islamic educting from here.
Hazrat Qaari Muhammad Akhter (late) is Establisher of these great Islamic Institutes.After 
their death His Son Molana Ubaidullah Akhter is caretaker of all responsibilities of Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20893887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893887" title="Hacı Karay">
Hacı Karay

Hacı Karay (1950, Hakkâri-June 4, 1994, Bolu) was a Turkish person of Kurdish descent involved in the Susurluk scandal.
He was born in Yüksekova, Hakkari, to Fehim Karay (father). 
On February 13, 1993, he participated in the action of closing shops in Yüksekova in support of the hunger strikes staged at Diyarbakır Prison. In August 1993, he was among the persons, who were involved in drug trafficking in Yüksekova, Hakkari. 
He had connections to Savaş Buldan. Along with Savaş Buldan and Adnan Yıldırım, he was abducted by armed persons from Çınar Hotel in Yeşilyurt, İstanbul, on June 2, 1994. The abducted persons were found dead on June 4, 1994 on the road of Yukarıkaraş village of Yığılca district in Bolu.
In March 1995, his sisters Gülcan and Gülsen Karay went to rural area in southeastern Turkey to join the PKK.

</doc>
<doc id="20893903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893903" title="Conover Building">
Conover Building

The Conover Building is a historic structure in downtown Dayton, Ohio, United States. Constructed at the turn of the twentieth century, the Conover features a mix of architectural styles and sits at a prominent intersection, and it has been named a historic site.
Architecture.
The Conover Building features a mix of brick and stone on its exterior, although the design also employs terra cotta for peripheral purposes; much of the supporting structure relies on concrete and steel. Its overall design mixes elements from multiple sub-styles of Neo-Renaissance architecture, in addition to occasional Neoclassical details and themes. The architect was Frank Mills Andrews, whose work gained him fame throughout the United States.
Erected just eight years after Dayton's first skyscraper, the Conover Building stands thirteen stories tall. Its bottom four stories retain a typical commercial design, featuring an arcade, and Baroque styling appears on the top three stories, while the plainer six stories in the middle are distinguished by trabeating at their summit. Situated on the southeastern corner of Third and Main Streets, it lies near the United Brethren Publishing House, the Commercial Building, and the Dayton Arcade.
History.
The site of the Conover Building has been used for commercial purposes for more than two centuries, beginning with the opening of a blacksmith shop by New Jersey native Obadiah Conover in 1811. The present structure was erected on the site in 1900, and within a few years of its construction, it was recognized as one of Dayton's most prominent office towers; during the Miami River flood of 1913, when the Miami and Mad Rivers broke their dykes and flash-flooded the downtown, many pedestrians took refuge in the Conover Building's upper stories. Nearly a century later, by which time the Conover had also attracted the name of "American Building", it became viewed as Dayton's most dangerous intersection: repeated incidents of crime at the adjacent central bus station led local media to deem the junction of Third and Main the "Corner of Chaos". Crime efforts have since fallen substantially, due to a reorganization of the city's bus hub and the restructuring of various other components in the area's built environment.
In 1975, the Conover Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its distinctive historic architecture. It qualified for inclusion partly because of its place in the entire city's skyline, in addition to its place as a promient example of Frank Andrews' designs.

</doc>
<doc id="20893911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893911" title="Password Authenticated Key Exchange by Juggling">
Password Authenticated Key Exchange by Juggling

In cryptography, the Password Authenticated Key Exchange by Juggling (or J-PAKE) is a password-authenticated key agreement protocol. This technique allows two parties to establish private and authenticated communication solely based on their shared (low-entropy) password without requiring a Public Key Infrastructure. It provides mutual authentication to the key exchange, a feature that is lacking in the Diffie-Hellman key exchange protocol. The authors suggest that J-PAKE may be helpful in avoiding patents in the field.
Description.
Two parties, Alice and Bob, agree on a group formula_1 with generator formula_2 of prime order formula_3 in which the discrete log problem is hard. Typically a Schnorr group is used. In general, J-PAKE can use any prime order group that is suitable for public key cryptography, including Elliptic curve cryptography. Let formula_4 be their shared (low-entropy) secret, which can be a password or a hash of a password (formula_5). The protocol executes in two rounds.
After Round 2, Alice computes formula_24. Similarly, Bob computes formula_25. With the same keying material formula_26, Alice and Bob can derive a session key using a Cryptographic hash function: formula_27.
The two-round J-PAKE protocol is completely symmetric. This helps significantly simplify the security analysis. For example, the proof that one party does not leak any password information in the data exchange must hold true for the other party based on the symmetry. This reduces the number of the needed security proofs by half.
In practice, it is more likely to implement J-PAKE in three flows since one party shall normally take the initiative. This can be done trivially without loss of security. Suppose Alice initiates the communication by sending to Bob: formula_28 and Zero-knowledge proofs. Then Bob replies with: formula_29 and Zero-knowledge proofs. Finally, Alice sends to Bob: formula_19 and a Zero-knowledge proof. Both parties can now derive the same session key.
Depending on the application requirement, Alice and Bob may perform an optional key confirmation step. There are several ways to do it. A simple method described in SPEKE works as follows: Alice sends to Bob formula_31, and then Bob replies with formula_32. Alternatively, Alice and Bob can realize explicit key confirmation by using the newly constructed session key to encrypt a known value (or a random challenge). EKE, Kerberos and Needham-Schroeder all attempt to provide explicit key confirmation by exactly this method.
Security properties.
The J-PAKE protocol is provably secure, fulfilling the following properties.
The protocol design.
The J-PAKE protocol is designed by combining random public keys in such a structured way to achieve a vanishing effect if both parties supplied exactly the same passwords. This is somehow similar to the Anonymous veto network protocol design. The essence of the idea, however, can be traced back to David Chaum's original Dining Cryptographers network protocol, where binary bits are combined in a structured way to achieve a vanishing effect.
The implementation.
J-PAKE has been implemented in OpenSSL and OpenSSH as an experimental authentication protocol. It was removed from the OpenSSH source code at the end of January 2014. It has also been implemented in NSS and is used by Firefox Sync. Since February 2013, J-PAKE has been added to the lightweight API in Bouncycastle (1.48 and onwards).

</doc>
<doc id="20893928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893928" title="Sehna">
Sehna

Sehna is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="20893931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893931" title="Savaş Buldan">
Savaş Buldan

Savaş Buldan (1964, Hakkâri-4 June 1994, Bolu) was a Turkish citizen of Kurdish descent involved in the Susurluk scandal. He was kidnapped and killed in June 1994.
Life.
He was born in Yüksekova to Şükrü Buldan (father).
Since 1979, he carried out activities in Yüksekova in line with the PKK. 
The Public Prosecution Office launched a trial against him in connection with the incidents that took place in Yüksekova, Hakkari, in March 1979. 
In 1980, Savaş Buldan sheltered some members of the PKK in his house after the clashes that took place between the PKK organization and the Kurdistan National Liberators (KUK) in Kızıltepe and Diyarbakır. In the same year, he and some other sympathizers carried out propaganda activities in the neighboring villages on the issue of "tribes". In 1986 he married his cousin Pervin Buldan.
He was among the persons, who provided lawyers for the persons, who were detained in connection with the Nevroz incidents in March 1992. 
In June 1992, when he was living in Istanbul, he got involved in drug trafficking and transferred most of the income to the PKK. 
Savaş Buldan was detained on July 28, 1992 in connection with certain arms seized in Haznedar neighborhood of İstanbul, and he was arrested by the SSC he was referred to. 
Along with Adnan Yıldırım and Hacı Karay, he was abducted by armed persons from Çınar Hotel in Yeşilyurt, İstanbul, on June 2, 1994. The abducted persons were found dead on June 4, 1994 on the road of Yukarıkaraş village of Yığılca district of Bolu.

</doc>
<doc id="20893932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893932" title="Harmonia Macrocosmica">
Harmonia Macrocosmica

The Harmonia Macrocosmica is a star atlas written by Andreas Cellarius and published in 1660 by Johannes Janssonius. The first part of the atlas contains copper plate prints depicting the world systems of Claudius Ptolemy, Nicolaus Copernicus and Tycho Brahe. At the end are star maps of the classical and Christian constellations, the latter ones as introduced by Julius Schiller in his "Coelum stellatum christianum" of 1627. Because the atlas also contained plates supporting the then popular view of the Catholic Church, the book was not placed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
History.
In the foreword to his "Chronologica", Gerard Mercator stated the intention to publish an atlas which would cover everything of the then-known cosmos, geography and history of the earth. During his life, Mercator published five volumes of his atlas, the last one being published by his son Rumold. After Mercator's death, the Amsterdam cartographer Johannes Janssonius took over the project. 
He and fellow-cartographer Hendricus Hondius published their "Novus Atlas" in 1636, which featured over 320 maps in four languages. In 1660, Andreas Cellarius' "Harmonia Macrocosmica" was published as the seventh volume of the project. With the final addition of a volume describing the cities of the world from 1657, the project was finally completed.
Origins of the engravings.
Of the various engravers and authors who worked on the plates of the atlas, only two have signed their work. The frontispiece of the atlas was created by Frederik Hendrik van den Hove and ten other plates were engraved by Johannes van Loon. Moreover, all the designs of the classical constellations were taken from the ones created by Jan Pieterszoon Saenredam.

</doc>
<doc id="20893938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893938" title="Arre Deewano Mujhe Pehchano">
Arre Deewano Mujhe Pehchano

Arre Deewano Mujhe Pehchano was an Indian reality show that aired on STAR Plus channel. The series premiered on January 2, 2009 and aired until February 13, 2009 on every Friday and Saturday at 10pm IST.

</doc>
<doc id="20893952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893952" title="Grade I listed buildings in the West Midlands">
Grade I listed buildings in the West Midlands

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of West Midlands, by borough.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20893962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893962" title="Hinrik Bornemann">
Hinrik Bornemann

Hinrik Bornemann (b. circa 1450 in Hamburg, d. 1499- Also known as Henrik Bornemann or Hinrich Bornemann) was a Northern German Late Gothic painter. He was the son of Hans Bornemann, who died in 1474. After his father's death his mother was thrice remarried to painters- to Hinrik Funhof (d. 1485), to Absolon Stumme (d. 1499), and then finally to Wilm Dedeke (d. 1528). His main work was the Altarpiece of St. Luke (Lukas-Altar) for St. Mary's Cathedral in Hamburg, now shown in St. James the Greater Church. Upon his death in 1499 it was left unfinished, and was completed by Wilm Dedeke.

</doc>
<doc id="20893988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893988" title="Yusuf Ekinci">
Yusuf Ekinci

Yusuf Ekinci (1942 in Diyarbakır – 25 February 1994 in Ankara) was a Turkish-Kurdish liberalist who was involved in the Susurluk scandal.
He was born in Lice to Kamil Ekinci (father).
In June 1963 he was a student of the Faculty of Law at Ankara University and he was known as
a socialist Kurdish nationalist in the school.
He was among the members of the youth organization of the Workers Party of Turkey (TİP) which
started its activities in Ankara in December 1963, and he worked as the editor-in-chief of the
newspaper Emekçi (the Laborer), which was the publication of the Party.
Following his graduation he went to Diyarbakır in April 1969 to do his compulsory practice, and he
participated in the rally held here in protest to the draft bill of the Law to Protect the Constitution.
During the period of his arrest in 1970 and 1971, he was put on trial on charges of carrying out
activities within the Revolutionary East Culture Centers (DDKD).
As of 1972, he was working as a lawyer in Diyarbakır trying to strengthen the Kurdish movement.
In the Fourth General Assembly of the TİP held in April 1974, he declared that he had dissident
opinions to his brother Tarık Ziya Ekinci, and that his main purpose had been the establishment of “Kurdistan” and that he was a “Kurdish nationalist.”
Starting from December 1984, he worked as a lawyer in Ankara.
He was found dead in the Doktorlar region in Gölbaşı District of Ankara on 25.02.1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20893991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893991" title="Azteca-class patrol vessel">
Azteca-class patrol vessel

The 'Azteca"-class patrol vessel"' are used by the Mexican Navy. They were designed and built by the British companies Boat Designs Ltd; Built by Ailsa Shipbuilding Co. Ltd., Scott & Sons, Bowling; Lamont & Co. Ltd. and Cruz and Salina Cruz Shipyards for the Mexican Navy in 1976 - 1980. Jane's Fighting Ships 1985-1986. They are multi-role patrol craft with good nautical characteristics. Original units were powered by Paxman diesels of either or . Original units were named with pre-Hispanic tribal names. 

</doc>
<doc id="20893992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20893992" title="James Mursell">
James Mursell

James Mursell (1893–1963) wrote extensively about music education and the use of music in a classroom setting. He emphasized the student's role in learning and believed that unless students are intrinsically motivated to learn, their musical growth will be minimal at best. In Mursell's view the best motivator is the active, participatory musical experience—singing, playing, listening and being actively involved with good music. This is the all-important starting point for motivation, and it is from these experiences that musical growth can occur. 
He applies his "synthesis-analysis-synthesis" (or whole-part-whole) pattern of learning to music education, and speaks of musical understanding as "unfolding or evolving, rather than adding or accumulating." Instead of teaching the rudiments of music in isolation from the context that gives them meaning, Mursell suggests that factual knowledge about music will gradually be gleaned from songs that students have learned and enjoy singing. Each time they sing a particular song, they do something different with it and learn a little more about it. In this way their understanding of melody, rhythm and dynamics deepens gradually as an outgrowth of meaningful music-making, rather than drill and practice. At the end of each such activity, when students sing the song through once more it means more to them that it did prior to their "analysis" of it.
Publications.
Mursell's "The Psychology of School Music Teaching" (with Kansas City music supervisor Mabelle Glenn) and "Human Values and Music Education" (both published in the 1930s) became standard texts. "Principles of Music Education" appeared as the opening chapter in the 1936 yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, and Mursell was also a contributing author to the 1958 yearbook "Basic Concepts in Music Education". In 1955 he published "Principles of Democratic Education".In addition, his seminal book "Music in American Schools" was published in 1943 during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20894001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894001" title="Ausia">
Ausia

Ausia may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20894009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894009" title="Gary Miller (footballer)">
Gary Miller (footballer)

Gary Miller (born 15 April 1987 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish footballer, currently playing for St. Johnstone in the Scottish Premiership. He can play as a central defender or as a right defender.
Miller helped Ross County win the 2011–12 Scottish First Division and promotion to the Scottish Premier League. Later that spring, however, Miller signed for St. Johnstone.

</doc>
<doc id="20894026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894026" title="Pearland Town Center">
Pearland Town Center

Pearland Town Center is a "lifestyle center" concept regional shopping mall located in the rapidly growing city of Pearland, Texas south of Houston. Managed by CBL & Associates, the center was completed in 2008 and includes three anchor stores with room for an additional anchor store. In May 2011, it was announced that TIAA-CREF would receive 12% ownership of Pearland Town Center in an attempt to reduce CBL's debt.
About the center.
Pearland Town Center houses four anchor stores: Sports Authority, Barnes and Noble, Dillard's, and Macy's. Designed by the Omniplan architectural firm, the center is home to several restaurants and retail stores that are new to the Pearland area.
The center provides retail, residential, office and hotel space within the open-air lifestyle center. A 110-room, four-story Courtyard by Marriott hotel is located above the center's retail shops near Macy's. Pearland Town Center includes office and multi-family residential space above the stores, a lake and adjacent walking paths and parks. Pearland Town Center is one of two malls to open in the Houston area in 2008, along with Houston Premium Outlets in March 2008, and both utilize the "lifestyle center/outdoor mall" concept. The center contains the most recently constructed Dillard's and Macy's locations in Southeast Texas, since 2003.
Pearland Town Center houses 80 fashion retailers and specialty boutiques. It is estimated that Pearland Town Center will bring 1,500 jobs to the Pearland area and will generate $250 million in sales each year. The Macy’s store in Pearland Town Center is the first to be constructed in Houston after the integration of Foley’s with Macy’s and is the 17th location in the Houston area.
Pearland Town Center set a new standard in the shopping center industry by opening with 85% leased and committed (many unoccupied spaces). The level of leasing demonstrates the rapid growth of the Pearland market.

</doc>
<doc id="20894027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894027" title="WD Austerity 2-10-0 73755 Longmoor">
WD Austerity 2-10-0 73755 Longmoor

War Department (WD) Austerity 2-10-0 No. 73755 "Longmoor" is a preserved steam locomotive.
One of the 150 WD Austerity 2-10-0s all of which were built by the North British Locomotive Company. 73755 was built in 1945, NBL Works No. 25601. It subsequently became the 1000th British built steam locomotive to be ferried to Mainland Europe in support of the British Army. As publicity, she was given the name "Longmoor". The nameplate reads:
On arrival however, 73755 along with several other WD locomotives, was deemed temporarily surplus to requirements and stored at Calais.
After the war, No. 73755 was one of the ex-WD locomotives sold to Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS; Dutch Railways). She was taken into NS stock as part of NS Class 5000II, and given the NS No. 5085. She was withdrawn in 1952 and set aside for preservation. She is currently in the Nederlands Spoorwegmuseum (Dutch Railway Museum) in Utrecht.

</doc>
<doc id="20894029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894029" title="Newcomb–Tulane College">
Newcomb–Tulane College

Newcomb–Tulane College, located in New Orleans in the U.S. state of Louisiana, is the academic home for all of Tulane University's full-time undergraduate students. The College was founded in 2005 to maximize Tulane's use of resources by combining the administrative functions of the all-male Tulane College with the administrative functions of the all-female H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College.
Scope.
Students enrolled in the college pursue programs and degrees offered by the five schools offering classes to undergraduates:

</doc>
<doc id="20894043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894043" title="1946 Oklahoma Sooners football team">
1946 Oklahoma Sooners football team

The 1946 Oklahoma Sooners football team represented the University of Oklahoma in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) college football. The team was led by Jim Tatum in his first and only season as head coach. Along with first-year backfield coach Bud Wilkinson, who became the head coach himself the following year, Tatum installed the new split-T offense. An intensive recruiting effort, largely focused at veterans returning from the Second World War, helped Oklahoma to on-field success and eight of the team's new recruits eventually earned first-team All-America honors. The team improved from the previous season to an 8–3 record and a share of the Big Six Conference championship.
Preseason.
Coaching staff.
In 1945, head coach Dewey Luster missed part of the season due to illness, and had struggled to recruit quality players during the Second World War when many University of Oklahoma athletes were serving overseas. His Sooners finished the year with a 5–5 record that included a finale loss, 0–47, to Oklahoma A&M (now known as Oklahoma State). At the conclusion of the 1945 season, Luster tendered his resignation.
Athletic director Jap Haskell recommended Jim Tatum to University of Oklahoma president George Cross, and other applicants considered by the Board of Regents included Bear Bryant and Harold Drew. Haskell had served in the U.S. Navy during the war, and Tatum was an assistant coach for the Navy's Iowa Pre-Flight School team under head coach Don Faurot, the inventor of the split-T formation. Prior to that, Tatum had coached at his own alma mater, North Carolina. Bud Wilkinson, who had been a colleague of Tatum's at Iowa Pre-Flight, was hired as Oklahoma's new backfield coach. Walter Driskill, the former line coach at Colorado and Wyoming, was given that same role at Oklahoma. Tatum and Wilkinson installed the split-T, the innovative new offensive system they had learned under Don Faurot in Iowa.
Recruiting.
Tatum launched an intensive recruiting drive that included open tryouts that attracted an estimated 600 prospects. He largely rejected the players from the previous season and focused instead on building a new team. The recruiting effort targeted returning servicemen who had been athletes at other colleges before the war, rival universities, and graduating high school seniors. Tatum's recruiting paid dividends, and nine of his players would earn All-American honors at Oklahoma: Plato Andros, Buddy Burris, Jack Mitchell, Jim Owens, John Rapacz, Darrell Royal, George Thomas, Wade Walker, and Stan West. Burris became the first Sooner to receive that honor three times.
Season.
Army.
The season-opener was against Army, the defending national champions and a 38-point favorite. The Sooners scored in the second quarter on a blocked punt, but Army equalized shortly before halftime. In the third quarter, Army blocked an Oklahoma punt on the Sooners' 15-yard line and scored four plays later. Shortly after, the Sooners recovered a fumble on the Army 18-yard line. On fourth down at the Cadets' nine-yard line, Dave Wallace, about to be sacked, threw a lateral, but the ball was deflected, and Arnold Tucker returned it 85 yards for Army's final touchdown. The Cadets won, 21–7, and went on to finish the season ranked number-two, with no losses and one tie in a legendary game against first-ranked Notre Dame.
Texas A&M.
In the first quarter against Texas A&M, the Sooners drove 84-yards to the Aggies' one-yard line, including a 42-yard pass from Wallace to end Warren Giese, but the A&M defense held. In the second quarter, Oklahoma again drove into A&M territory, but a pass was intercepted in the end zone. The Aggies then attempted to punt, but Norman McNabb blocked the kick and it was recovered on the A&M six-yard line. On fourth down, Jack Mitchell rushed for a score, and Wallace made the extra point. In the third quarter, Marion Flanagan returned a punt 72 yards to equalize the score. The Sooners blocked an Aggie field goal attempted in the fourth quarter, and then mounted a drive to the A&M seven-yard line. After being stalled by the Aggie defense and incurring a delay of game penalty, Wallace made good a short field goal attempt for the go-ahead score, 10–7.
Texas (Red River Shootout).
First-ranked Texas entered the game with a 3–0 record, and had decisively beaten , 42–0; , 76–0; and Oklahoma A&M, 54–6. The Longhorns jumped out to a lead, 14–0. In the second quarter, Wallace intercepted a pass from Tom Landry on the Oklahoma 44-yard line, and he then mounted a drive that ended with an 11-yard touchdown pass. The extra point attempt failed. Shortly thereafter, Wallace made another interception on the Longhorns' 39-yard line, but Darrell Royal soon threw an interception of his own in the Texas end zone. In the fourth quarter, Joe Golding intercepted a pass and returned it 99 yards for a touchdown that tied the school record set the previous year. Texas then engineered a 75-yard drive for the final touchdown and won, 20–13.
Kansas State.
Kansas State then traveled to Norman, which marked the start to Oklahoma's conference schedule. Golding scored first with a 43-yard breakaway. In the second quarter, Kansas State equalized. Oklahoma pulled away with a third-quarter and two fourth-quarter touchdowns, with the final tally coming after a Royal interception. Immediately following that turnover, Golding rushed for an 81-yard touchdown.
Iowa State.
Oklahoma routed Iowa State at their own homecoming, 63–0, which is the school's worst defeat in history. The Sooners recorded 398 rushing yards, 130 passing yards, and 204 return yards. Iowa State managed just four first downs, 91 rushing yards, and 43 passing yards.
TCU.
Oklahoma was projected as a two-touchdown favorite against TCU. In a driving rainstorm, Oklahoma advanced to the TCU nine-yard line. Royal attempted a lateral, but Weldon Edwards knocked it down and Harold Kilman picked it up, ran 15 yards, then lateraled to Edwards. He carried it 70 yards to take the lead for the Horned Frogs, 6–0. The Sooners drove to the Frogs' 12-yard line, but fumbled away the water-logged ball. TCU failed to advance and kicked a short punt to their 28-yard line. The Sooners rushed on five plays for the score, and with the extra-point, took the lead, 7–6. At the start of the second half, Mitchell returned the kickoff 80 yards to the TCU 11-yard line. The teams traded fumbles, before the Frogs recovered a second Sooners' turnover. TCU was forced to punted and Mitchell returned it from the Frogs' 40-yard line. Lindy Berry tackled Mitchell at the goal line, but he crossed into the end zone. Wallace kicked the extra point. TCU blocked a fourth quarter punt from the Oklahoma 25-yard line, and Doug Brightwell ran it in for the game's final score. Oklahoma held against two more scoring threat by TCU and won, 14–12.
Kansas.
Oklahoma traveled to Lawrence, Kansas to face the Jayhawks in another driving rainstorm. In the second quarter, Kansas took the lead before Golding rushed 65 yards to even the score, 6–6. Soon after, Kansas converted an Oklahoma fumble to take the lead again. In the third quarter, Golding rushed 14 yards for another touchdown and Wallace tied the game with the extra point. In the final 1:15, the Jayhawks' kicker made good his career first field goal attempt, and Kansas won, 16–13.
Missouri.
Against Missouri, Oklahoma scored several plays after recovering a fumble. Buddy Burris then blocked a Missouri punt, and Homer Paine recovered it on the Tigers' 12-yard line. The Sooners then executed a halfback option, with Mitchell lateraling to Wallace who passed to Giese for a touchdown. Wallace made the extra point and the Sooners led, 14–0. On their next possession, Missouri fumbled again and Oklahoma again capitalized with a score. In the second quarter, Golding intercepted a Missouri pass and returned it 75 yards to the Tigers' 17-yard line. The Sooners scored two plays later to take a 27–0 lead. In the final quarter, Tatum fielded his alternate lineup, against which Missouri engineered a 71-yard drive for a touchdown, and the final score, 27-6.
Nebraska.
Oklahoma, with a 3–1 conference record, was tied for the lead in the Big Six with Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska. Against the Cornhuskers, Oklahoma scored first before Nebraska equalized, 6–6, but those were their only points of the game. Eddie Davis, Golding, and Mitchell each scored rushing touchdowns and Royal threw for a passing touchdown.
With the 27–6 victory over Nebraska, Oklahoma ended its conference schedule with a 4–1 record. Since Kansas had defeated Missouri, 20–19, on Thanksgiving, Oklahoma shared the Big Six Conference Championship the Jayhawks.
Oklahoma A&M (Bedlam Series).
Oklahoma traveled to Stillwater to face in-state rivals Oklahoma A&M (now known as Oklahoma State). The Aggies' star halfback, Bob Fenimore, missed the game due to an injury. The Sooners won 73–12, with Golding scoring three of their ten touchdowns.
NC State (Gator Bowl).
Oklahoma, with a final ranking of number-14, accepted an invitation to the second annual Gator Bowl to play 18th-ranked North Carolina State on January 1, 1947. During the regular season, the Wolfpack had allowed an average of 6.7 points per game and finished with an 8–2 record.
The Sooners received the opening kickoff and drove 65 yards for a touchdown. NC State responded by scoring on a 42-yard pass. In the second quarter, Oklahoma scored three rushing touchdowns and entered halftime with a 27–7 advantage. In the third quarter, a 67-yard Wolfpack drive was capped by an eight-yard touchdown run. In the final quarter, the Sooners took over on downs on their 36-yard line and advanced downfield to score on a 15-yard option pass. The final result was 34–13 in Oklahoma's favor.
During the game, Oklahoma recorded 195 rushing and 74 passing yards, while NC State compiled 136 rushing and 103 passing yards. Sooners' halfback Joe Golding rushed for 91 yards on 12 attempts and was named the most valuable player.
Postseason.
Individual honors were bestowed upon several Oklahoma players, and at the time, the 1946 team included the most all-conference honorees to date. First-team All-American honors were granted to guards Plato Andros and Buddy Burris, and center John Rapacz. The All-Big Six first team included those three as well as end Warren Giese, back Joe Golding, and tackles Homer Paine and Wade Walker.
After the Gator Bowl, university president Cross learned that Tatum had paid each player $120 ($, adjusted for inflation), despite Cross's order not to do so. He later learned that $60,000 ($ in inflation-adjusted terms) was unaccounted for in the athletic department budget. As a result, athletic director Jap Haskell was fired. Tatum accepted an offer to coach at Maryland, and Cross promoted Bud Wilkinson into the head coaching position.

</doc>
<doc id="20894051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894051" title="SPCA 80">
SPCA 80

__NOTOC__
The SPCA 80 was a French transport monoplane designed by Société Provençale de Constructions Aéronautiques (SPCA) to meet a French government requirement for a single-engined colonial transport, specifically for police duties. It was a single-engined high-wing cantilever monoplane with a fixed tailskid landing gear. It had a cockpit for a crew of two and a cabin for four passengers. It was powered by a nose-mounted Gnome-Rhône 7Kb radial engine. Only a single example was built, registration "F-AKFH". 
The SPCA 80 was followed by a single example of a version powered by a Lorraine 9Na engine, designated the SPCA 81, which first flew on 25 April the same year. The SPCA 81 was later fitted with a Renault 9Ca engine, at which point it was designated the SPCA 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20894054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894054" title="Sikaryali">
Sikaryali

Sikeryali is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°37'0N 73°49'0E with an altitude of 223 metres (734 feet). 
References.
tehsil khariann

</doc>
<doc id="20894082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894082" title="Caucauses">
Caucauses

Caucauses is a misspelling and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20894089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894089" title="Morris Moscovitch">
Morris Moscovitch

Morris Moscovitch is Max and Gianna Glassman Chair in Neuropsychology and Aging and Professor of Psychology at the University of Toronto. He is also a Senior Scientist at the Rotman Research Institute of Baycrest Centre for Geriatric Care in Toronto. Moscovitch is a leading neuropsychologist, with over 150 research articles focusing mainly on the neural substrates of high-level cognitive processes such as memory, attention, and recognition of faces and objects. According to Scopus, he has an h-index of 40 and over 5700 citations (March 2011). He has formulated a neuropsychological model of memory with three components: the posterior neocortex, which mediates performance on tests of memory without awareness; the medial temporal lobes, which automatically store information that is consciously apprehended at encoding and obligatorily recovers information on tests of conscious recollection that are cue-driven; and the frontal lobes, which work with memories delivered to and by the medial temporal lobes and posteri or neocortex, and recovered from them by supporting strategic processes that are needed at encoding and retrieval. Moscovitch received a B.A. in psychology from McGill University in 1966, and an M.A. and Ph.D. in psychology from the University of Pennsylvania in 1967 and 1972, respectively. He was born in Bucharest, Romania, where he lived for the first few years of his life before moving to Israel between the ages of 4 and 7 and subsequently moving to Montreal, Canada. Moscovitch became interested in memory research while attending McGill for his undergraduate degree, where Brenda Milner's case study of HM inspired him to seek a career in neuropsychology. He also took a seminar taught by Donald O. Hebb, then the leading biological psychology theorist.

</doc>
<doc id="20894090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894090" title="Behçet Cantürk">
Behçet Cantürk

Behçet Cantürk (1950, Lice - January 14, 1994, Sapanca) was a Kurdish mob boss.
1970s.
Behçet's father was named Reşit.
Starting in 1975, Cantürk became a partner of some smugglers by providing money for them. In 1975, he participated in organizing the protest rally in Lice, Diyarbakır held by the Progressive Youth Association (İGD) and financially supported the rally.
In the same year, he received a medical report through bribes from Konya Military Hospital certifying that he was not suitable for military service.
In 1977 he started arms trafficking.
1980s.
Between 1981 and 1983, he was involved in the smuggling of gold and diamonds with the help of jewelers of Armenian and Syriac origin in the Grand Bazaar of İstanbul. In 1983, when Dündar Kılıç and İsmail Hacısüleymanoğlu started to put pressure on the non-Muslim and Diyarbakır-born jewelers in the Grand Bazaar in order to take control of gold and diamonds smuggling, he organized the bombing and an armed attack carried out by ASALA in the Grand Bazaar.
As of 1983, he was controlling the heroin market in Diyarbakır and sale of heroin abroad.
On June 22, 1984, he was arrested by the Military Court in Ankara for membership of the Kurdistan Workers Party and the Kurdistan Avantguard Workers Party.
1990s.
He and Hüseyin Baybaşin were partners in the smuggling of 3 tons of drug on the ship MV "Kısmetim 1" that sunk in the Mediterranean end of December 1992.
In April 1992, along with a person named Iranian Hüsno, he brought 6 tons of morphine base and 5 tons of marijuana from Pakistan. While distributing the drugs, he chose smugglers, who supported the PKK financially.
On various dates, he collected money in the name of the PKK from drug smugglers named Savaş Buldan, Hüseyin Erez, Hasan Erez, Cahit Kocakaya and Eyüp Kocakaya. But it was later announced that he only paid money to PKK and PKK had no relation to any drug deals. After the Ergenekon trials, some information was revealed that the Tansu Çiller government had supplied Canturk with a military helicopter to move drugs from East Turkey to West Turkey.
He was abducted by Turkish police on 14 January 1994, and his corpse was found the next day in the vicinity of Sapanca.

</doc>
<doc id="20894093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894093" title="Thikrian">
Thikrian

Thikrian is a village located on G.T Road Lalamusa and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°43'40N 73°56'0E with an altitude of 254 metres (836 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="20894114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894114" title="Richard Burthogge">
Richard Burthogge

Richard Burthogge spelled Borthoge, Burthog, Burthoggius (1637/38–1705) was an English physician, magistrate and philosopher.
Life.
Richard Burthogge, son of a captain of foot at the garrison of Plymouth, was baptised in Plympton St Maurice on 30 January 1637 (OS; 1638 by the Gregorian calendar). He attended Exeter grammar school, was admitted to All Souls College, Oxford, as a servitor in 1654, migrated to Lincoln College, Oxford, and graduated B.A. “completed by determination” in 1658. He matriculated at the University of Leiden in October 1661. His doctoral thesis was entitled “"De lithiasi et calculo"” and submitted on 27 February 1662. 
Back in England, Burthogge practiced medicine in and near Totnes. He spent many years at Bowden House, which belonged to his sister’s husband Edward Giles. Unprejudiced even against Catholics and probably himself a Non-Conformist, he was made a justice of the peace under James II, a position he kept also under William III.
Burthogge was married at least three times. His first wife Sarah was the daughter of Andrew Trevill, to whom he dedicated "The Divine Goodness" in 1670 and his "Organum Vetus et Novum" in 1678. In the following years, then already married to Mary Deeble, Burthogge published several other works on religious subjects and two further philosophical works, both dedicated to John Locke: "An Essay upon Reason, and the Nature of Spirits" (1694) and "Of the Soul of the World; and of Particular Souls" (1699). Mary probably died in 1695. His daughters Sarah, Mary and Ann will have issued from these first two marriages. Ann, who died before her father, left a young son, Richard Babbage, ancestor of Charles Babbage. At the time of his death, Burthogge was married to Honour and seems to have lived in Bowden. He was buried at St. Mary’s church, Totnes, on 24 July 1705.
Views.
In his philosophical and theological writings he was a critic in some matters of John Locke, but generally a supporter, and an advocate of religious toleration. His epistemology was empiricist, and he opposed innate ideas. His metaphysics was distinctive, but not completely worked out.

</doc>
<doc id="20894120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894120" title="Mato Kósyk">
Mato Kósyk

Mato Kosyk (June 18, 1853 – November 22, 1940) was a Sorbian poet and minister. He was born in Werben, Prussia, emigrated from Lower Lusatia to the United States, and died at his rural home near Albion, Oklahoma.
Youth.
Kosyk began his schooling at the gymnasium in Cottbus in 1867, with the intention of studying theology. He left the gymnasium before graduation in 1873, bringing his study ambitions to a temporary end. Instead, he started working for a Leipzig railroad company, where he wrote his first lyrical texts. These were all written in Lower Sorbian.
Literary activities.
Because of problems with his health, Kosyk returned to Werben in 1877. During the following years he made a living as a freelance writer and produced his most important poetic works. From 1880 onwards he was co-editor of the "Bramborske nowiny" (Brandenburg News). Through his involvement in the revision of the Lower Sorbian church hymnal he made a lasting impact on the Lower Sorbian language.
Kosyk maintained contacts with practically all important representatives of Sorbian cultural life: Kito Šwjela, Hajndrich Jordan, Bjarnat Krušwica, Juro Surowin and Alfons Parczewski, as well as Michał Hórnik en Jan Arnošt Smoler. Kosyk was one of the founders of the Lower Sorbian Maśica Serbska, the most important organisation of Lower Sorbian culture.
Emigration.
In October 1883, Kosyk left for Hamburg, from where he sailed to New York. He travelled by way of Buffalo, New York, to Springfield, Illinois. Here he could fulfill his dreams to study theology, and he enrolled in an orthodox Lutheran theological seminary. In January 1884 however, he transferred to a German seminary in Chicago, Illinois, instead, and continued his studies in a liberal Lutheran direction. Moreover, the students there spoke German instead of English, making it much easier for Mato Kosyk to understand. He completed his studies in 1885 and was ordained in Wellsburg, Iowa, where he worked among German Frisian immigrants. Although Kosyk worked in the United States among German- and Frisian-speaking farmers, he never ceased to write his Sorbian tales and poems during this period. He continued to publish in Sorbian publications.
Temporary return.
At the end of 1886 Mato returned to Lower Lusatia when his brother Kito died. It appears his return was made easier because of tensions between the congregation in Wellsburg and himself. After returning, Kosyk endeavoured to have his ordination recognized; he very much wanted to fill a vacancy in Drachhausen near Peitz. His efforts were in vain, however, and he travelled back to the United States in 1887.
America.
In 1887 Kosyk again travelled to the United States, and he would never again return to Europe. He found work as pastor in Nebraska, where until 1907 he worked in several German-language congregations: Ridgeley in Dodge County (1887–1889), Princeton in Lancaster County (1889–1895), Stamford in Harlan County (1896–1899) and Ohiowa in Fillmore County (1899–1907). From autumn 1895 until summer 1896 he was out of work and lived in Roca in Lancaster County. Kosyk married Anna Wher in Princeton in 1890. Anne came from Duzno (formally Hochsburg, now part of Trzemeszno), a village in Kreis Gnesen in the Province of Posen. Kosyk's last position was in El Reno, Oklahoma. He retired in 1913 and moved near Albion, Oklahoma where in 2010, the home he lived in still stood (see http : //tiny.cc/JYmbk).
Only in 1892 did Kosyk pick up poetry and writing again. He also renewed his neglected contacts with Sorbian intellectuals. Bogumił Šwjela wanted to publish an anthology of Kosyk poems, which appeared in 1893. Kosyk would continue to have poems published in the Lausitz until 1898.
After the deaths of Kosyk's only son, Juro, (at age 24 after a horse-riding accident) in 1915 and his wife Anna in 1929, Kosyk became increasingly isolated. He eventually married his housekeeper Wilma Filter in 1938. Wilma left Albion a year after Kosyk's death taking his papers with him; these have been deemed lost. During this last period, Kosyk maintained intensive contacts with the young Sorbian writer Mina Witkojc.
Heritage.
Mato Kosyk's work is predominantly lyrical, and includes very little prose. His poems are concentrated around the Christian faith, which Kosyk generally connected to nature in general and Lusatia in particular. The latter is the equivalent of the homeland, of the "Heimat", and is contrasted with the foreign. Kosyk identifies this through the Sorbian language, which on the one hand combines beauty and vulnerability and on the other hand has to battle against imminent extinction.
Kosyk used both classical form as well as rhyming forms taken from folk culture for his poems. His preference was for the hexameter form. For example, his "Serbska swajźba w Błotach" ("The Sorbian Wedding in the Spreewald") consists of nearly 2,000 hexameters. Hexameters are also used in "Ten kśicowany" ("The Crucified") and "Helestupjenje Jezusa Kristusa" ("The Descent of Jesus Christ to Hell").
The home were Kosyk lived from 1913 to 1940, situated near Albion, Oklahoma, Pushmataha County, in the State of Oklahoma, may be viewed at h t t p: // www. flickr. com/photos/25600678%40N08/3354733435. The home, called the Mato Kosyk House, has been added to the National Register of Historic Places. Its justification for inclusion is that it is the sole surviving structure associated with Kosyk. As in Kosyk's time, it features beautiful views of the Kiamichi Mountains.
The primary school in Briesen has been named after Kosyk.

</doc>
<doc id="20894126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894126" title="Thutha Rai Bahadar">
Thutha Rai Bahadar

Thutha Rai Bahadar is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is one of the biggest village of Chib Rajputs. It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°53N 73°59E with an altitude of 306 metres (1007 feet).
Surrounding villages.
♦Goteriala
•samrala
•channi
All these villages are well populated.

</doc>
<doc id="20894128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894128" title="Mavis (disambiguation)">
Mavis (disambiguation)

For the given name and list of namesakes see Mavis.
Mavis may also refer to:
In geography:
In computer science:
In others:

</doc>
<doc id="20894135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894135" title="Wardlaw">
Wardlaw

Wardlaw is a first name and surname of Scottish origin.
The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="20894139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894139" title="Drift (Ken Block album)">
Drift (Ken Block album)

Drift, released December 9, 2008, is the debut solo album by Sister Hazel's lead singer and acoustic guitarist Ken Block.
Track listing.
All tracks by Ken Block except were noted

</doc>
<doc id="20894168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894168" title="Gordon Smith (footballer born 1991)">
Gordon Smith (footballer born 1991)

Gordon Smith (born 14 February 1991 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a striker for Raith Rovers. Smith has previously played for Livingston, Hearts, Stirling Albion and Hamilton Academical.
Youth career.
Smith played for Hibs' youth teams as a goalscoring midfielder, but was released by the club after he went on a two-day trial with Newcastle United.
Career.
Livingston.
Smith signed for Livingston, who coached him to play as a striker. and gave him some appearances in the First Division.
Hearts.
In the summer of 2009, with Livingston experiencing financial difficulties, Smith allowed his contract to expire and then signed for Hearts. It was originally intended that he would play for their under 19 squad, but manager Csaba László promoted him to the first team after it became clear that the club would not sign another striker and pledged his faith in youth. He made his debut as a second half substitute against Dinamo Zagreb in a UEFA Europa League tie. Smith scored his first goal for the club in his first league appearance, scoring Hearts' goal in a 1–1 draw with Edinburgh derby rivals Hibs at Easter Road. The following season Smith was sent on loan to Stirling Albion. Having impressed manager Jim Jefferies whilst on loan at Stirling Albion, Smith was awarded a new contract with Hearts.
On his return to Hearts games were limited to substitute appearances under new manager Paulo Sergio, although he played against Tottenham in the Europa League. Smith was sent on loan to Hamilton in December 2011. On his return he played the full 90 minutes against Auchinleck Talbot in the Scottish Cup scoring the only goal of the game in the 84th minute.
Stirling Albion (loan).
After the arrivals of Kevin Kyle and Stephen Elliott, Smith signed on loan for First Division club Stirling Albion in August 2010. Smith made 34 appearances and scored 11 league goals, although Stirling were relegated from the First Division.
Hamilton Academical (loan).
On 7 December 2011 Smith signed for Hamilton Academical on a months loan deal, making his debut on 10 December against Falkirk. He played in all 3 matches played during his loan spell and Hamilton requested it be extended but he returned to Hearts.
Raith Rovers.
On 26 June 2013 Smith signed for Raith Rovers.
Personal life.
Smith's father, also called Gordon, played for Hearts and several other Scottish Football League clubs. His brother, Kevin Smith, has played for Dundee United and Raith Rovers amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="20894184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894184" title="William Dugard">
William Dugard

William Dugard, or Du Gard, (9 January 1606 - 3 December 1662) was a respected schoolmaster and printer. During the English Interregnum, he printed many important documents and propaganda, first in support of Charles I and later of Oliver Cromwell. He also proved a successful (if controversial) master at a number of schools, including the Merchant Taylor's School, Colchester Royal Grammar School and Stamford School, and wrote a number of non-fiction works.
Early life and education.
Dugard was born in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, the son of Henry Dugard, a clergyman and schoolmaster, and his wife, Elizabeth Kimberley, on 9 January 1606. Until the age of 17, Dugard was instructed in classical learning at the Worcester School as a King's Scholar. On 13 September 1622 he was inducted into Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, as a pensioner, studying with his uncle Richard Dugard. In 1629 he received a Bachelor of Arts degree and got his Master of Arts four years later. In the intervening years, he was an usher at Oundle School, Northamptonshire.
Early teaching career.
Soon after receiving his MA, Dugard was appointed Master of Stamford School in Lincolnshire, where he caused a great deal of controversy by suing the corporate officers for various abuses, including misappropriation of school lands.
On 27 July 1637 he was elected Master of the Free School at Colchester, now Colchester Royal Grammar School, and began his duties on 9 September that year. He resigned the care of the school in January 1643, citing "the ill treatment he received at the hands of a party in that town". He is attributed with the enlargement of the school from nine to sixty-nine boys. The school has had, since 1908, a school house which bears his name.
Dugard's wife, Elizabeth Adams, whom he had married before 1634, died in 1641, leaving at least two children. Dugard married his second wife, Lydia Parker (or Tyler), on 22 March 1643. On 10 May 1644, he was chosen to be the next headmaster of Merchant Taylor's School, London. According to Chambers, the "school flourished exceedingly under his influence and management".
Later life and death.
Having bought the presses of James Young and established a printing business, Dugard became an official printer to the Commonwealth and Oliver Cromwell, the Lord Protector. Cromwell was duly incensed when Dugard started to print copies of "Defensio Regia pro Carolo primo", Salmasius' defence of Charles I, his bitter opponent in the civil war. For showing, as was thought, too great an affection to the royalist cause, on 20 February 1650, he was deprived of his press and equipment, valued at £1000 (£ in today's money), and imprisoned in Newgate. His wife and six children were turned out of doors.
Fortunately, Dugard was released from prison after only a month, perhaps in part due to the influence that Dugard's "intimate friend" John Milton had over the judge John Bradshaw, or that which Milton and another of Dugard's friends, Sir James Harrington, had over the Council of State. In April 1650, Dugard opened a private school on Peter's Hill, now in the City of London, but in September was restored to his former station as headmaster at the Merchant Taylor's School. There he remained until 1661, when he was dismissed for breaking orders issued by the school, about which he had been given prior warning. These probably related to the low pupil numbers, or for not declaring extracurricular activities such as becoming a member of the Stationers' Company in 1648, principally to edit textbooks. He appealed against his dismissal but to no avail.
Finding himself unemployed once more, Dugard opened a private school in Coleman street in July 1661 and by the next March had gathered 193 scholars, "so great was his reputation and the fame of his abilities". Dugard did not live to expand the school further, however. By 27 November 1662, when he drew up his will, he was "sicke and weake in body" and died on 3 December 1662, leaving his daughter Lydia, apparently his only surviving child, as his heir and executor; his second wife had predeceased him. In his will he left several books, including the register of the Merchant Taylor's School, in which he had documented his thoughts, to the library of Sion College, London.
Political views.
A register he kept of life at the Merchant Taylor's school would appear to demonstrate Royalist tendencies. On the day of the beheading of Charles I, 30 January 1649, he wrote, in Greek, firstly, that he thought that Charles, "the best of kings", was "fallen by the hands of cruel and wicked men", and secondly, that he thought Charles was a martyr for the laws of God and of his country. There are also two more Greek verses, similar in meaning, on the day of the burial of Oliver Cromwell's mother in Westminster Abbey: "Here lieth the mother of a cursed son who has been the ruin of two kings and of three kingdoms". For printing a strongly pro-Royalist book, "Defensio regia pro Carolo primo", written by Claudius Salmasius, Dugard was incarcerated at Newgate and dismissed from the school.
After his release, however, Dugard started to print propaganda not for the royalists, as he had done before, but for the Parliamentarians. Apparently at the behest of Milton, Dugard took part in an attempt to disrupt royalist literature and introduced a non-genuine chapter ("Pamela's Prayer", an extract from Sir Phillip Sydney's "Arcadia") into an edition of the "Eikon Basilike" that he was printing. This is said to have damaged the reputation of the strongly pro-royalist work, and strengthened the parliamentarian cause. Milton was then employed by the Council of State to posthumously reprimand the King for including it.
In addition, Dugard printed Milton's response to Salmasius' "Defensio regia pro Carolo primo", now known as Defensio pro Populo Anglicano, one of the great works of propaganda of all time. Conversely, Dugard also published "Catechesis Ecclesiarum Poloniae et Lithuaniae", a work critical of Luther, Oliver Cromwell and Protestantism, in 1652. The work was seized and publicly burned, yet Dugard escaped further imprisonment, and only had his printing press confiscated once again.
Publications.
Dugard was an editor and author of books on rhetoric and language, as well as a publisher of textbooks, other educational, theological, scientific, and political works, and a newspaper.
Printed.
In addition to his politically sensitive works, documented above, Dugard also printed a great number of other works. From 1648 to 1661, by the estimation of Leona Rostenberg, some 171 books rolled off his press, including political tracts and works on education, theology, medicine, science, economics, and literature. This included works written by the physicians William Harvey and Francis Glisson and the agriculturist Sir Richard Weston.
In 1652, his publication of the "Racovian Catechism", translated in English, was denounced as a "blasphemous and scandalous book", all copies of which were ordered to be seized and publicly burnt. However, his relations with the government do not seem diminished as he continued to print works praising the policies and victories of the Commonwealth and its army, including, in 1652, Milton's Latin translation of the declaration of war against the states of Holland and, on the order of the committee for foreign affairs, English and Latin versions of John Selden's "Mare clausum".
Written.
Specialising in school textbooks, over the course of his life he published a variety of works for the use of local schools:

</doc>
<doc id="20894195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894195" title="Antonov An-180">
Antonov An-180

The Antonov An-180 was a Ukrainian design for a twin-aisle medium range propfan airliner. Although the design was completed by the Antonov Design Bureau in 1994, the type was not built.
Development.
The An-180 was a conventionally designed low-wing cantilever monoplane with a conventional tail unit, the unusual feature was the mounting of an 
Ivenchko Progress D-27 propfan mounted at the ends of each tailplane. Each propfan was to have a co-axial contra-rotating tractor propeller and the An-180 also designed with a retractable landing gear with twin nose wheels and tandem pairs of main wheels.
It was planned to have a number of variants with seating starting at 150–156 passengers to a larger variant for 200 passengers and it was also planned to build a combination passenger/freight and an all freight variant.

</doc>
<doc id="20894205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894205" title="List of Sorbian-language poets">
List of Sorbian-language poets


</doc>
<doc id="20894209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894209" title="Teledyne Ryan 410">
Teledyne Ryan 410

__NOTOC__
The Teledyne Ryan Model 410 was a surveillance UAV designed in the United States in the late 1980s. In configuration, it was a high-wing cantilever monoplane with twin tails carried on booms and linked by a common horizontal stabilizer. The engine was mounted pusher-fashion at the rear of the fuselage, between the booms. The nosewheel of the tricycle undercarriage was retractable. Construction throughout was of composite materials. 
In 1993, the Model 410 was submitted to the UAV Joint Projects Office in response to a RFP for a Tier II system. In January 1994, the contract was awarded to General Atomics for what would eventually become the RQ-1 Predator.

</doc>
<doc id="20894220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894220" title="Diples">
Diples

Diples or Thiples () is a Greek dessert, made of thin sheet-like dough. The dough is rolled into long, thin strips, fried and folded in hot oil and then dipped in syrup.
Traditionally, warm honey is used in place of syrup, and the diples are sprinkled with chopped nuts and cinnamon.
Diples can be made in different shapes, of which the most common are bow ties and spirals.
Diples are a typical dessert in the Peloponese and are also served at weddings and at New Year's celebrations.
Another form uses an iron mould dipped in diples batter and cooked in cooking oil until the diples separates from the mould. It is topped with honey, crushed walnuts, and cinnamon.

</doc>
<doc id="20894233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894233" title="Old Fashioned (horse)">
Old Fashioned (horse)

Old Fashioned (foaled January 27, 2006 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was one of the top winterbook favorites for the 2009 Kentucky Derby until an injury in April's Arkansas Derby forced him to retire.
Background.
Out of the stakes-winning mare Collect Call, Old Fashioned's damsire was the very fast colt, Meadowlake. He was sired by Unbridled's Song, a winner of three Grade I races including the 1995 Breeders' Cup Juvenile. Grandsire Unbridled won the 1990 Kentucky Derby and Breeders' Cup Classic.
Bred by Rod and Lorraine Rodriguez [http://www.thoroughbredtimes.com/stallion-directory/farm.aspx?farm_no=673576], Old Fashioned was purchased for $800,000 by Rick Porter's Fox Hill Farms at the September 2007 Keeneland yearling sale and sent into training with Larry Jones.
Racing career.
2008: two-year-old season.
The colt raced at age two in 2008, winning all three of his starts. Ridden by jockey Terry Thompson in his first two starts, he won his debut by a nose in a six-furlong event at Delaware Park Racetrack. In his next start, Old Fashioned won a one-mile race (eight furlongs) over the same track by 15½ lengths.
Old Fashioned was not entered in the 2008 Breeders' Cup Juvenile but ran instead in the November 29 Remsen Stakes at New York's Aqueduct Racetrack. Ridden by Ramon Dominguez, Old Fashioned won the 1⅛ mile Grade II event by 7¼ lengths while finishing under a hard hold. In a December 26, 2008 article on the ESPN website, award-winning horse racing writer Bill Finley picked Old Fashioned as the number one contender for the first leg of the 2009 U.S. Triple Crown series, the Kentucky Derby. [http://sports.espn.go.com/sports/horse/columns/story?columnist=finley_bill&id=3794362]
Old Fashioned was a finalist for the 2008 Eclipse Award for American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt.
2009: three-year-old season.
Old Fashioned made his three-year-old debut at Hot Springs, Arkansas in the G3 Southwest Stakes. He defeated his competitors, easily going the mile. He next ran in the G2 Rebel Stakes where he suffered his first loss when he was passed by Win Willie on the stretch. In his next start, he finished second to Papa Clem in the Arkansas Derby (G2). He was beaten by half a length and it was considered a good effort. After the race, it was discovered that Old Fashioned had suffered a non-displaced slab fracture of his right knee. Following surgery at the Rood & Riddle Equine Hospital in Lexington, Kentucky, the colt was retired from racing.

</doc>
<doc id="20894257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894257" title="2010 Pro Bowl">
2010 Pro Bowl

The 2010 Pro Bowl was the NFL's all-star game for the 2009 season. It took place at 8:00 PM EST on Sunday, January 31, 2010, at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida, the home stadium of the Miami Dolphins and host site of Super Bowl XLIV. The television broadcasters were Mike Tirico, Ron Jaworski and Jon Gruden.
The AFC won the game 41–34.
Site & date changes.
The 2010 Pro Bowl was held on the weekend before the Super Bowl, the first time ever that the Pro Bowl was held before the championship game, and the first time that the Pro Bowl was held somewhere other than Aloha Stadium in Honolulu since 1980 (1979 season). NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said the move was made after looking at alternatives to strengthen the Pro Bowl.
The game was moved up in order to prevent a conflict that would have taken place if the game had taken place on February 13 or 14, with the game facing against the NBA All-Star Game, Winter Olympics, and Daytona 500. Due to the change, players from the conference championship teams, who were gong to play in the Super Bowl the following week—the Indianapolis Colts and New Orleans Saints—did not participate. As a result, for the first time in Pro Bowl history, rosters for the AFC and NFC teams were not allowed to include any players from the teams that would be playing in the Super Bowl to avoid major injuries to members of either team. However, these players were still required to be on site for the Pro Bowl to collect a bonus payment from the NFL.
Several NFL players spoke out against the decision regarding timing of the game; ten-time Pro Bowl quarterback Peyton Manning raised issue with the possibility that if the concept of rotating the location of the game were to continue, the 2012 game could be held in a cold-weather city (Indianapolis) not seen as a winter vacation destination. NBC sportscaster Al Michaels was skeptical of the changes, telling the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" that "the thinks playing it before the Super Bowl will add to the buzz. It won't." Indianapolis Colts president Bill Polian also came out against the change, explaining that it seemed disruptive and "stupid" to have players voted to the Pro Bowl, only to have to sit out because they're playing in the Super Bowl, but still have to show up to the game to collect a bonus payment.
Broadcasting.
ESPN aired the game instead of CBS, which aired the 52nd Grammy Awards that evening.
The game was the first Pro Bowl to be legally broadcast on internet radio. As part of a catch in the league's broadcast contracts, the Pro Bowl has, to this point, never been broadcast on the NFL's FieldPass system due to it being broadcast exclusively by Westwood One. The NFL had negotiated internet broadcast rights with all 32 of its teams, but never did so with Westwood One (since it was seen as redundant); since none of the 32 teams actually play in the Pro Bowl, FieldPass did not hold rights. When contracts were renegotiated in 2009, Westwood One's broadcasts were added to FieldPass, and along with it, play-by-play of the Pro Bowl. The Sports USA Radio Network provided the commentary for Westwood One, with SUSA's Larry Kahn on play-by-play and Dan Fouts sharing color commentary with Westwood One's Boomer Esiason.
NFC roster.
Special teams.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20894259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894259" title="John Whitehead Peard">
John Whitehead Peard

John Whitehead Peard (1811-1880) was a British soldier, renowned as 'Garibaldi's Englishman'. He was the second son of Vice-Admiral Shuldham Peard. At one point of his life he lived in Penquite, a manor house in rural Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="20894265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894265" title="Idriss Ngari">
Idriss Ngari

Idriss Ngari (born 2 April 1946) is a Gabonese politician and army general. A relative of President Omar Bongo, Ngari rose rapidly through the ranks of the army, ultimately serving as Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces from 1984 to 1994. He then held a succession of posts in the government of Gabon, serving as Minister of Defense from 1994 to 1999, Minister of Transport from 1999 to 2002, Minister of the Interior from 2002 to 2004, Minister of Public Works from 2004 to 2007, Minister of Tourism from 2007 to 2009, and finally as Minister of Health in 2009. Considered one of Gabon's most powerful figures during Omar Bongo's rule, Ngari is a member of the Gabonese Democratic Party (PDG).
Military career.
An ethnic Téké, Ngari was born in Ngouoni, located in the Haut-Ogooué Province of eastern Gabon, in 1946. Omar Bongo, who was also a native of Haut-Ogooué, was a maternal uncle of Ngari. Ngari joined the army in 1968 and trained to become an officer, studying in Côte d'Ivoire at the officers' school in Bouaké, as well as at Montpellier in France. Back in Gabon, he rose quickly to very high rank: he was "aide-de-camp" to the Military Cabinet of President Omar Bongo from 1977 to 1978, Chief of Staff of Ground and Naval Forces from 1978 to 1983, and then Chief of Staff of the Armies from 1983 to 1984.
Ngari was appointed as Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces in 1984 and remained in that post for ten years. As Chief of Staff, he ordered commandos from the Presidential Guard to destroy Radio Liberté, an opposition radio station, on 22 February 1994; the destruction of the station led to several weeks of unrest. According to Ngari, the station was inciting violence and hatred and it had to be shut down for the good of the country.
Soon after the destruction of Radio Liberté, President Bongo appointed Ngari to the government as Minister of Defense, Security, and Immigration in March 1994. Given its sensitive status, Bongo was always careful to maintain reliable control over the Defense Ministry; for years he had personally managed the defense portfolio, and beginning in 1981 he entrusted it to family members. Ngari's appointment marked a continuation of that practice.
Political career.
As Minister of Defense, Security, and Immigration, Ngari oversaw a January 1995 operation in which about 50,000 illegal immigrants were expelled from Gabon, while about 15,000 were granted legal status and allowed to remain.
A powerful figure in the PDG regime, possessing extensive influence within the military and his own Téké ethnic group, Ngari was close to President Bongo and was considered a rival to Bongo's son, Ali Bongo. He and Ali Bongo competed for political dominance in the Haut-Ogooué Province at the time of the December 1996 parliamentary election. Ngari supported candidates who ran against Ali Bongo's allies in seeking the PDG nominations for parliamentary seats in the province, but his candidates were not successful. Ngari, however, was elected to a seat in the National Assembly.
After the 1996 election, Ngari remained Minister of Defense, Security, and Immigration, and he was assigned additional responsibility for posts and telecommunications on 28 January 1997. However, he was moved to the position of Minister of Transport and the Merchant Marine on 25 January 1999, and his rival, Ali Bongo, was appointed to replace him at the Defense Ministry. President Bongo was reportedly displeased by Ngari's electoral competition with his son in 1996. Rumors suggested that Ngari was deeply frustrated by the 1999 reshuffle, in which he was effectively demoted, for long afterward.
Identified as the leader of "aggressive loyalists" within the PDG regime, Ngari and his supporters resisted the inclusion of more members of the opposition in the government; President Bongo typically endeavored to co-opt opposition parties by offering ministerial portfolios to their leaders. He was again elected to the National Assembly in the December 2001 parliamentary election, and on 27 January 2002 he was moved to the position of Minister of the Interior, Public Security, and Decentralization.
Ngari spent two and a half years as Interior Minister before being appointed as Minister of Public Works, Equipment, and Construction on 5 September 2004; he was promoted to the rank of Minister of State, while retaining the same portfolio, on 21 January 2006. In the December 2006 parliamentary election, he was again elected to the National Assembly as a PDG candidate in Haut-Ogooué Province. He was later moved to the post of Minister of Tourism and National Parks on 29 December 2007 and was simultaneously reduced to the rank of ordinary minister. Later, in the government named on 14 January 2009, he was instead appointed as Minister of Public Health and Public Hygiene.
Although Ngari, who was associated with the PDG's "cacique" wing, was disliked by the PDG's reformist ("renovateurs") wing, which was headed by Ali Bongo, he was nevertheless considered a potential successor to Omar Bongo. After Omar Bongo died on 8 June 2009, Ngari was considered perhaps the most formidable potential challenger to Ali Bongo in the contest for the PDG's presidential nomination, but he chose not to seek the nomination and it was won by Bongo. It was reported that Ngari briefly considered allying himself with Pierre Mamboundou, an old opponent of Omar Bongo and the PDG, but he nevertheless supported Bongo's campaign.
Amidst the events of mid-2009, Ngari remained in his post as Minister of Public Health. While visiting hospitals on 5 August 2009, he announced that the first known case of the H1N1 flu in Gabon had been found. He said that the patient, a French national, had been quarantined, and he called for vigilance to prevent any outbreak of the disease.
Bongo officially prevailed in the 30 August 2009 presidential election, defeating Mamboundou and an array of other challengers; upon taking office, he immediately dismissed Ngari from the government on 17 October 2009. Ngari's dismissal was part of a major reworking of the state administration, in which many prominent ministers and officials were replaced. Having lost his post in the government, Ngari then took up his seat in the National Assembly, representing Ngouoni.
In the December 2011 parliamentary election, Ndari was re-elected to the National Assembly. He was then elected as Second Vice-President of the National Assembly on 27 February 2012.
Personal life and other activities.
Like Omar and Ali Bongo, Ngari is a Muslim, belonging to a faith that is practiced by only a very small percentage of the native Gabonese population. He is a member of the Higher Council of Islamic Affairs of Gabon, a body that works to coordinate Islamic activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20894266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894266" title="Parks of Corpus Christi, Texas">
Parks of Corpus Christi, Texas

This is an incomplete list of parks in Corpus Christi, Texas.
This list is incomplete. Please Finish.

</doc>
<doc id="20894281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894281" title="Tegulus">
Tegulus

Saint Tegulus () is venerated as a member of the legendary Theban Legion, whose members were led by Saint Maurice in the 3rd century. The center of Tegulus' cult is at Ivrea. 
Veneration for Saint Tegulus actually arose at the end of the 10th century, when during the episcopate of Blessed Warmondus (Varmondo), the saint's relics were discovered in a sepulcher situated a short distance away from Ivrea. The relics were solemnly translated to the cathedral of Ivrea within the city walls, and placed in the chapel of San Giacomo. The relics were later translated, with those of Saint Bessus, to the chapel of Santissimo Sacramento. 
According to local tradition, Tegulus survived the decimation of his Legion but was eventually beheaded on the road to Montaldo Dora, at the spot later occupied by the chapel of Santa Croce, which was built in the 14th century. 
However, nothing certain was known of him, though he may have been a local Christian martyred for his faith during the last imperial persecutions; his cult was linked with that of the Theban Legion to lend antiquity to a local saint about whom nothing was really known. Damiano Pomi theorizes that the relics may have been the remains of a soldier that were mistaken for those of a Christian martyr. The name Tegulus, as Pomi also theorizes, may in fact not have been his name at all, but a reference to the building material commonly used for Roman graves: the "tegula" or tile.

</doc>
<doc id="20894282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894282" title="Portadown RFC">
Portadown RFC

In February 1879, the Irish Rugby Football Union was formed, and listed Poratadown as an affiliated club, with Thomas John (TJ) Collen as the honorary secretary. T.J Collen played for the first County Armagh side against Ulster on 27 November 1880.
The Boat Club
In the late 19th century a few young men led by T.J Collen, joined forces to form the Boat Club in Portadown. In a short period of time the Boat Club would become the nucleus of sporting activity for boating, athletics and rugby in the town. Our first recorded captain was Arthur Farrell, who was the son of the proprietor of the Portadown News.
First Game
The first recorded Portadown match took place at Ormeau on 11 December 1879 against Ulster F.C. unfortunately the result favoured the home side with three tries to nil. The team lined out as follows
The first team
Back – Patrick, Half back – Wheeler and Whiteside Quarter back – Waddell and Harrison Forwards – Donaldson, Davidson, Lindsay, Harpur, Collen, Shillington, O’Hanlon, Bright, Stanley and Farrel (Captain)
The next game was played on 22 January 1880 against Armagh F.C and resulted in a win for Portadown by 1 goal and three tries to nil. With this result Portadown were on their way.
Inter-war years
In the inter-war years Portadown established itself as a sound provincial club able to sustain a good firsts and a struggling seconds. These were lean years for many and there is no doubt that greater training and more specialist coaching would have given victory to post war sides. Though Jimmy Chambers served the Club for 50 years until his death in 1973, it was during these years that he exerted his most direct and personal influence. He was a rugby master at the College and a player for most of the period. Those who remember know that Jimmy was no man’s victim and feared no man. The present status of the club owes much to his enthusiasm between the wars.
40’s onwards.
The late 40’s and early 50’s were a period of slow rehabilitation after the Second World War. Although Jimmy Chambers played occasionally until 1948, the dominant personality in the club was Thomas Charles Wells. Tommy joined in 1948 and it remained his life until his death in 1976.
Chambers Park is born
Wednesday 4 September 1963 has gone down in the annals of Portadown Rugby Club’s history. Several hundred spectators turned up to see the local side take on Ulster in the first match on Chambers Park, the towns magnificent new playing fields on the Lurgan Road. 1979 saw the club celebrate its centenary year, and saw the election of international player, Charlie Murtagh as club captain.
Onwards and upwards
Throughout the years, Portadown Rugby Club has remained a bastion of normality and civility through all the trying social and political circumstances, which have been a blemish on our society. Regardless of colour, race or creed, Portadown RFC has promoted friendship, fair play and competition among our players, local community and peers. It is our aim to continue to promote this spirit and strive for improvement long into the new millennium.
Extracts taken from “Rugby Football in Portadown” by D.J Gilpin
2010/11 Season
The first team plays in Kukri Qualifying League 1 having been relegated from AIB League Division Three after a playoff defeat to thewith the City of Derry Rugby Club. The club colours are blue and white.

</doc>
<doc id="20894284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894284" title="DBAG Class 641">
DBAG Class 641

The DBAG Class 641 (VT641) is a class of German railway vehicle operated by Deutsche Bahn AG (DBAG). They are diesel railcars belonging to the Alstom Coradia A TER family. Their development started as a joint project between DBAG and the French national railway, SNCF, on the one hand, and the railway vehicle manufacturers De Dietrich Ferroviaire and Linke-Hofmann-Busch on the other. They were manufactured by these firms under their present-day names of Alstom LHB and Alstom DDF, both of which belong to Alstom.
Forty units of this class were delivered to Deutsche Bahn AG, of which 4 have been retired due to accidents.
The railcars are fitted with centre buffer couplings. The arrangement of the two engines in front of the bogies, the bulging appearance of the coach body and the large, one-piece, swinging doors give the vehicle its characteristic appearance, which has earnt it the nickname "Walfisch" ("Whale").
They are deployed in Baden-Württemberg at Hochrhein – between Basel Badischer Bahnhof and Lauchringen – and in Thuringia at Erfurt, on lines including the "Schwarzatalbahn" between Rottenbach and Katzhütte, on the "Pfefferminzbahn" between Sömmerda and Großheringen, the Friedrichroda railway between Friedrichroda and Fröttstädt, on the line from Saalfeld to Blankenstein and the Gotha–Gräfenroda railway.
Other vehicles of the "Alstom Coradia A TER" family were delivered from Reichshoffen to the French SNCF and the Luxembourg CFL. These vehicles are classified by the SNCF as ATER 73500. For cross-border traffic between Germany and France a further 19 were procured as ATER 73900, of which two (X 73914 and 73915) were paid for by Saarland and painted traffic red.

</doc>
<doc id="20894301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894301" title="Veandercross">
Veandercross

Veandercross was a New Zealand bred Thoroughbred gelding who won 14 stakes races, (including eight Group one), and was chosen Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year for the 1992/93 season.
Veandercross was a brown, rangy gelding bred by Dr Bill Luey at Lower Hutt not far from the Trentham Racecourse. Foaled on 14 October 1988, he was by Crossways (GB), out of the unraced mare Lavender, who was in turn a daughter of the sire Super Gray (USA), meaning he was closely inbred (3m x 3f) to champion racehorse and sire Nijinsky. Crossways only produced two other stakes winners in his career, Awesome Ways and Prince of Praise. Lavender had nine foals race for three winners. Veandercross’s younger brother, Regal Crossing, had one placing in country New Zealand.
Racing career.
He was trained by his part-owner Chris Turner, a full-time schoolteacher at the provincial racing centre of Wanganui in New Zealand, prompting his nickname, "The Wanganui Wonder." He was usually ridden by jockey Jim Walker.
Three year old races in New Zealand.
Veandercross showed immediate promise in the 1991-1992 New Zealand racing season when as a three-year-old he won his first three races including two listed events. He then ran second in the Wanganui Guineas to the front running Lodore Lady before winning the Okawa Guineas at Hastings. He was narrowly defeated twice at Trentham, in the Wellington Guineas trial (½ length) and the Wellington Guineas (by a head to Solvit). He easily won the New Zealand 2000 Guineas and the Bayer Classic (now called the Levin Classic) - both G1 races over 1,600 metres. Then he came north for the Avondale Guineas and once more ran home late, for third placing.
On to the New Zealand Derby and in a very rough race where the eventual winner Cavallieri (a horse who never won another race) bumped a number of horses sideways, cannoning a horse into Veandercross, who recovered his stride, but he couldn't quite overtake the winner, going down by a half head. The siren went, but in an extraordinary enquiry, the stewards dismissed the appeal.
In these races, he displayed what would become his characteristic come-from-behind style of racing. It made it more likely he would encounter trouble in the run, and he was often described as "unlucky in defeat." An increasing number of pundits were starting to blame jockey Jim Walker for his unlucky late runs but Chris Turner fully supported the jockey.
Three year old races in Australia.
Given the immense promise he had shown in New Zealand, it was decided to send Veandercross to Australia for the autumn racing carnival in Sydney. In Australia, he would be co-trained by John Wheeler, of Rough Habit fame. On his Australian debut, he put in one of his "unlucky" closing efforts in defeat in the Gosford Guineas over 1,600 metres. He would show his true ability at his next start in the Canterbury Guineas over 1,900 metres, where his opponents included the best three year old in Australia, Naturalism. At Canterbury, Veandercross came from last of about 20 runners on a tight-turning track to win. Naturalism was second. Next time out, Naturalism and Veandercross again faced each other in the Rosehill Guineas over 2,000 metres. Veandercross started as the favourite horse, and again dropped out to last and ran on strongly, but he encountered interference in the straight, and Naturalism was able to hang on to score a narrow victory. Naturalism and Veandercross again met in the AJC Australian Derby over 2,400 metres, which would be the decider as to who was the best three year old in Australasia, Veandercross ran on from well back, but failed to catch Naturalism.
Four year old racing season.
Veandercross returned an even better horse as a four year old. He started with an easy win in the Trust Bank Stakes (G3) on his home track, then chased home the front running Conan in the Mason Appliances (G2) at New Plymouth. He reversed that result in his next race, easily winning the Kelt Capital Stakes (G3) at Hastings, defeating Conan on the line. Veandercross was then sent to Australia to start favourite in the Caulfield Cup. On Cup day the Caulfield track was an absolute bog. In one of the most controversial rides in Australian racing history, champion jockey Shane Dye went extremely wide on the home turn to avoid the slow, muddy ground on the inside. Despite covering this extra ground, Veandercross managed to pass every runner in the straight except one, the talented mare Mannerism, who won in a photo finish after staying on the inside rail. Shane Dye was widely criticised for his ride, but he defended himself, insisting that the extra ground he covered on the horse was more than made up for by the firmer ground he raced on as a result. Nevertheless, the criticism persisted, and recreations of the horse's journey in the race showed that he covered barely less than 2,500 metres, in what was supposed to be a 2,400 metre race.
At his next start, Veandercross won the G1 LKS Mackinnon Stakes at Flemington, overcoming interference to win emphatically. This would be his last prep race before the Melbourne Cup three days later, a race in which would start favourite. It was again a wet track, and although Veandercross ploughed home determinedly, he could not catch the wet track stayer Subzero in the straight. So Veandercross finished his campaign with the frustrating record of having run second in both the major Cups races.
Veandercross returned as an autumn four-year-old, winning the Lion Brown Sprint (G1) at Te Rapa in New Zealand, and then the Carlyon Cup and the Australian Cup in Melbourne. He then travelled north to Sydney where he would face his old rival Naturalism in the Ranvet Stakes. In the meantime, Naturalism had franked their three year old form internationally by running second in the Japan Cup in the spring. In the Ranvet Stakes, Veandercross was clearly superior, winning by over a length and confirming his position as the best racehorse in Australasia. He then ran third in The BMW Stakes (G1) and reconfirmed his supremacy winning the AJC Queen Elizabeth Stakes over 2,000 metres at Randwick impressively.
This rounded off an excellent four year old season, which had netted five G1 victories. At the end of the 1992/3 racing season, he was crowned Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year.
Five year old campaign.
Expectations were high when Veandercross returned to racing as a five year old. He started his season with a sixth on his home track before he raced home in the Russells Akai TV Stakes (G3) at Hawkes Bay, just failing to catch, Calm Harbour, by a neck, with a neck back to Solvit. He then went over to Australia, where after a good opening run for fifth in the Underwood, he failed in the Caulfield Stakes. He then contested the Cox Plate and was unsuccessful again, and finished his season early after an eighth in the Mackinnon Stakes, being defeated in those races by many of the horses over whom he had been dominant the previous season.
Six year old campaign.
Veandercross commenced his campaign with a sixth in the Trust Bank Stakes (G3) at Wanganui, but was right back to his best with a good run in the Enerco Stakes (G2) at Hastings, flashing home for second to new star Snap, with half head back to Solvit. He then crossed the Tasman Sea, opening with another fast finish for fourth behind Durbridge in the George Main Stakes at Randwick. Then unfortunately he succumbed to an injury and was retired.
1997-8 season.
After a long break Veandercross returned to racing in the 1997-8 season aged nine, with a big effort for a close seventh in the Waikato Draught Sprint (G1), then stormed home again for a close ninth in the Otaki Maori WFA 1400 (G1). He once more headed across the Tasman for one last Australian campaign, but couldn't recapture his form and was defeated by Octagonal in the Australian Cup at Flemington and failed to run on in the Easter Cup at Caulfield. Chris Turner then made the decision to finally retire this champion racehorse.
He had 40 starts during his career for 15 wins, nine seconds and four thirds, earning A$2,602,524. He won eight times at Group One level.
Summary.
Veandercross was a top-quality middle distance horse who became the dominant weight-for-age racehorse in Australasia. He is remembered for his rivalry with Naturalism, and for having run second in the Melbourne and Caulfield Cups in 1992 - the latter loss occurring after a controversial ride by jockey Shane Dye.

</doc>
<doc id="20894309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894309" title="Sedat Bucak">
Sedat Bucak

Sedat Edip Bucak (born 31 October 1960 in Siverek) is the leader of the Bucak tribe in Siverek, Şanlıurfa Province, and a Turkish politician elected to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey in 1991, 1995 and 1999. He survived the 1996 Susurluk car crash which led to the Susurluk scandal over links between police, politicians and the Turkish mafia. In 2004 he was convicted of involvement in the Susurluk criminal gang, overturning a previous acquittal.
Life.
He was born in Siverek in 1960. His father is İsmail Hakkı.
He was elected to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey in 1991, representing Şanlıurfa for the True Path Party.
In October 1993 he held a meeting with Democracy Party (DEP) Siirt MP Zübeyir Aydar and Şırnak MP Selim Sadak. In this meeting, he declared that the state had done everything to destroy the fraternity between the Turkish and Kurdish nations. In December 1993 he organized the distribution of a leaflet entitled “Siverek Youth” in the district center of Siverek.
He was re-elected in the 1995 general election. He was the sole survivor of the November 1996 Susurluk car crash which led to the Susurluk scandal, due to the identities of the other three crash victims (contract killer and drug smuggler Abdullah Çatlı and his girlfriend, and police official Hüseyin Kocadağ). The crashed Mercedes belonged to Bucak. Bucak's parliamentary immunity was revoked, but it was reinstated when he was re-elected in 1999, putting the Susurluk-related trial on hold.
Bucak failed to win a seat in the 2002 general election, and as a result he lost his parliamentary immunity, and a case against him in relation to the Susurluk gang proceeded in December 2002. In 2004 he was convicted of involvement in the Susurluk criminal gang, overturning a previous acquittal. He was sentenced to one year in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20894313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894313" title="Shuldham Peard">
Shuldham Peard

Shuldham Peard (1761 – 27 December 1832) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He rose to the rank of vice-admiral after seeing service in the American War of Independence, and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. He was the father of John Whitehead Peard, who was known as 'Garibaldi's Englishman'.
Family and early life.
Shuldham Peard was born at Penryn, Cornwall in 1761, the third son of Captain George Peard. Shuldham was baptised at St Gluvias on 29 October. At the age of ten he was entered on the books of , and afterwards on those of , as an able seaman. He probably first went afloat in 1776, in the 64-gun , with Captain Mark Robinson; he was afterwards in with Captain William Parker, and in with Captain John Gell on the Newfoundland station. In 1779, having been sent away in command of a prize, he was taken prisoner and carried into Cadiz. On his return to England he passed his examination on 6 April 1780, and on 26 April was promoted to the rank of lieutenant. In June 1780 he was appointed to the 74-gun , one of the ships of the Channel Fleet, and continued in her until February 1782, taking part in the relief of Gibraltar in April 1781. From 1785 to 1790 he was in the 74-gun , the guardship at Plymouth; in 1790–1, during the Spanish armament, he was in , flagship of Rear-Admiral William Hotham, at Portsmouth, and was again in the "Carnatic" in 1791–2. In January 1793, after the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars he joined Hotham's new flagship, the 100-gun , and went out to the Mediterranean with him. On 30 January 1795 Peard was promoted to command the sloop .
Command.
On 5 May he was posted to , and in July was appointed to the "Britannia" as second captain. From her, in January 1796, he was moved into the 98-gun , which he still commanded on 18 January 1797, when, as the fleet was leaving Lisbon, she ran aground, had to cut away her masts, and was left behind disabled, while the fleet went on to fight the battle of Cape St. Vincent. The ship afterwards rejoined the flag off Cadiz, and was still there in the beginning of July, when a violent mutiny broke out on board. Peard, with his own hands, assisted by the first lieutenant, seized two of the ringleaders, dragged them out of the crowd, and had them put in irons. His daring and resolute conduct struck terror into the rest, and they returned to their duty; but the two men were promptly tried, convicted, and hanged on 8–9 July. Of Peard's conduct on this occasion St. Vincent thought very highly, and many years afterwards wrote, ‘his merit in facing the mutiny on board the St. George ought never to be forgotten or unrewarded’.
In March 1799 Peard commissioned the frigate for the Mediterranean, and on his way out, when off Lisbon, fell in with and was chased by the Brest fleet. He, however, made good his escape, and joined Lord Keith off Cadiz on 3 May, in time to warn him of the approaching danger. In the following February the "Success" formed part of the squadron employed in the blockade of Malta, and on the 18th, at the Battle of the Malta Convoy, had a large share in the capture of the "Généreux", hampering her movements as she tried to escape, and raking her several times. On 9 February 1801 the "Success" was lying at Gibraltar, when a strong French squadron, under Rear-Admiral Honoré Ganteaume, passed through the Straits of Gibraltar. Peard conjectured—as was the fact—that they were bound for Egypt, and thinking that Keith ought to have warning of their presence in the Mediterranean, he immediately followed, hoping to pass them on the way. He fell in with them off Cape Gata, but was prevented by calms and variable winds from passing, and, after a chase of three days, was overtaken and captured. From the prisoners Ganteaume learned that the route to Egypt might be full of danger to himself, and turned aside to Toulon, whence Peard and his men were at once sent in a cartel to Port Mahon. On his return to England he was appointed in June to , in which he joined the squadron at Gibraltar under Sir James Saumarez, and took part in the actions at Algeciras on 6 July, and in the Straits on the night of the 12th. The "Audacious" was afterwards sent to the West Indies, and was paid off in October 1802. In 1803 and during the Napoleonic Wars Peard commanded the sea fencibles on the coast of Cornwall. 
Flag rank and later life.
On 5 July 1814 he was superannuated as a rear-admiral, but was restored to the active list on 5 July 1827, advanced to be vice-admiral on 22 July 1830, and died at Barton Place, near Exeter, on 27 December 1832. He left two sons, of whom the elder, George, died, a captain in the navy, in 1837; the younger, John Whitehead, became famous as "Garibaldi's Englishman".

</doc>
<doc id="20894314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894314" title="Pierre-Antoine Martini">
Pierre-Antoine Martini

Pierre-Antoine Martini (born June 27, 1988 in Marseille) is a French footballer, and is currently without a club. He last played for Livingston in the Scottish Football League First Division. He is a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20894317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894317" title="Open space reserve">
Open space reserve

Open space reserve (also called open space preserve, open space reservation, and green space) is an area of protected or conserved land or water on which development is indefinitely set aside. 
The purpose of an open space reserve may include the preservation or conservation of a community or region's rural natural or historic character; the conservation or preservation of a land or water area for the sake of recreational, ecological, environmental, aesthetic, or agricultural interests; or the management of a community or region's growth in terms of development, industry, or natural resources extraction. Open space reserves may be urban, suburban, or rural; they may be actual designated areas of land or water, or they may be zoning districts or overlays where development is limited or controlled to create undeveloped areas of land or water within a community or region. They may be publicly owned or owned by non-profit or private interests.
A certain amount of overlap occurs with similar planning and conservation terms. Protected areas are open space reserves in which certain resources indigenous to the landscape are protected as opposed to conserved. Urban open space specifically refers to open space reserves within an urban setting; such may include natural landscapes or manicured urban parkland. Greenways are linear open space reserves, linear corridors that span interconnected open space reserves, or linear chains of connected open space reserves. A green belt is a general area of open space surrounding an urban area. Green infrastructure is the total mass and viability of undeveloped, natural, and agricultural land and waterways, protected or not protected, within a particular community or region. Nature reserves and wildlife refuges are areas of open space set aside for the sake of protecting non-human species. National parks, state parks, and municipal parks, recreation areas, and reservations are types of open space reserves managed by government agencies for the primary purpose of passive or active human enjoyment. National forests, state forests, and municipal forests are types of open space reserves set aside for the primary purpose of forest conservation. Flood control projects and protected ecological research areas may also be considered open space reserves secondary to their primary purpose. 

</doc>
<doc id="20894318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894318" title="Alan Boyle">
Alan Boyle

Alan Boyle is a journalist specializing in science and technology news. He has worked for msnbc.com as a science editor since 1996.
Career.
Boyle runs a virtual curiosity shop covering physical sciences, space exploration, paleontology, among many other interests of his. He joined NBC News Digital in 1996. He has also written for the blog, Cosmic Log. During his 36 years as a journalist, he has worked in Cincinnati, Spokane, and Seattle. 
Honors and awards.
He has received recognition from the American Association for the Advancement of Science in the form of the 2002 AAAS Science Journalism Award.He has also won awards from the National Academies, the National Association of Science Writers, the Society of Professional Journalists, the Space Frontier Foundation, IEEE-USA, the Pirelli Relativity Challenge and the CMU Cybersecurity Journalism Awards program.

</doc>
<doc id="20894323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894323" title="Vāsiṣṭha">
Vāsiṣṭha

The Dharmasūtra of Vasiṣṭha forms an independent treatise and has no relationship with the Kalpasutra. The chapters of this text are divided in a way that resemble the practice of later Smritis. This Dharmasūtra has a unique characteristic, it cites the opinions of Manu at many places. This led scholars like Bühler among others to form a hypothesis that there must have been a Dharmasūtra of Manu.
Authorship and Dates.
Vasiṣṭha is the name of a ṛsis or sage related to the Ṛgveda. This Dharmasūtra is later than that of Gautama and Baudhayana. Kane dates it approximately between 300 to 100 BC.
Commentaries.
There is no ancient commentary on this Dharmasūtra and it is due to this reason that it does not have a strong manuscript tradition and therefore its passages are very corrupt. The only commentaries written on this text belong to the 19th and 20th centuries which are of little value.
Organization and Contents.
Some of the topics discussed in this Dharmasūtra are rules of four castes, lawful occupations, duty of studying the Veda, purification, origin of castes, impurity, women, rule of conduct, studentship, householder, hermit, ascetic, guests, sacrifices, initiation, study of the Veda, saluting, lawful and forbidden food, adoption, excommunication, legal procedure, inheritance, mixed castes, duties of a King, penances, secret penances, and gifts.

</doc>
<doc id="20894339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894339" title="Elfin Lakes">
Elfin Lakes

Elfin Lakes are two lakes in Garibaldi Provincial Park that are popular for hiking, snowshoeing, skiing, and mountain bicycling trail located east of Squamish, British Columbia, Canada.
History.
The name was adopted in 1978 when it was identified in a pamphlet for the local lodge. However, a 1946 letter from W.H. Matthews, a Vancouver City Archivist notes that the lakes were once called Crystal Lakes but were never found on any maps.
The area has always been a popular destination for hikers and skiers since the creation of the park in the 1927. Then a local lodge was built in the early 1940s by Joan Mathews, Ottar Brandvold, and his brother Emil and was called the Diamond Head Chalet, but it is now unused and decaying. It attracted many hikers and backcountry skiers. Eventually the owners retired, and ownership was transferred to BC Parks. They chose to not maintain it and built the new Elfin Lakes shelter a few metres south. However, the road that was built is still used as a trail and service road. A moving film made by the Brandvolds showcases Garibaldi Park and the Diamond Head Chalet.
Recreation.
All recreational activities in the area are governed by the regulations of Garibaldi Provincial Park. Primary access to the lake is via a 11 km (5.5 mi) long trail, which gains approximately of elevation from the trailhead. There are campgrounds and an overnight shelter at the lakes and campgrounds and a day-use shelter or a winter overnight shelter in Red Heather Meadows. During winter, the lake is typically frozen from late December to late April. Much of the trail up is on a rarely used forest service road and has an approximate grade of 5.5%. Approximately half of the trail is in forest, while the remaining half is in alpine meadows with clear views of the surrounding mountains. There are separate trails for mountain bicycling, hiking, and winter use. Hiking trails continue past Elfin Lakes towards Opal Cone, Mamquam Lake, Columnar Peak, the Gargoyles, and Little Diamond Head. It is also possible to travel to Mount Garibaldi and Diamond Head in the winter. Swimming is permitted in the top lake, and the lower lake is reserved for drinking water only.

</doc>
<doc id="20894344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894344" title="Tania Lamarca">
Tania Lamarca

Tania Lamarca Celada (born 30 April 1980) is a Spanish rhythmic gymnast and Olympic Champion. She won a gold medal with the Spanish group at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. The team was formed by Tania, Estela Giménez, Marta Baldó, Nuria Cabanillas, Lorena Guréndez and Estíbaliz Martínez.

</doc>
<doc id="20894347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894347" title="Brandywine Highway">
Brandywine Highway

The Brandywine Highway is a north–south limited-access highway in the vicinity of the city of Binghamton, New York, in the United States. The highway is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation and extends for through Downtown Binghamton and the neighboring village of Port Dickinson. The southern terminus of the highway is at New York State Route 434 (NY 434) in Binghamton and its northern terminus is at Interstate 88 (I-88) in Fenton just north of the Port Dickinson village line.
The Brandywine Highway is designated as New York State Route 363 from NY 434 to Brandywine Avenue and part of NY 7 from Brandywine Avenue to I-88. NY 363 is also known as North Shore Drive.
Route description.
The Brandywine Highway begins as NY 363 at an interchange with NY 434 in Downtown Binghamton near the confluence of the Susquehanna and Chenango Rivers. The route, a limited-access extension of North Shore Drive, heads northeast along the north bank of the Susquehanna River and around the downtown district. While on the riverbank, NY 363 southbound connects to Susquehanna Street by way of an interchange. Due to the presence of the Susquehanna River south of the freeway, the onramps from NY 434 north and Susquehanna Street (via Carroll Street) to NY 363 north are actually located north of NY 363 southbound for a short distance (thus running anti-parallel to traffic on NY 363 southbound) before passing under NY 363 south and merging with NY 363 northbound on the left-hand side of the road.
Past Susquehanna Street, NY 363 continues along the Susquehanna River to a parclo interchange with U.S. Route 11 (US 11, named Court Street) just east of NYSEG Stadium. Past US 11, the expressway leaves the riverbank and heads northward over the Norfolk Southern Railway's Southern Tier Line before merging with NY 7 (Brandywine Avenue) northbound. Here, NY 363 ends and the freeway becomes part of NY 7. Although most of the Brandywine Highway is limited-access, there is an at-grade intersection between NY 7 and Frederick Street just north of the Brandywine Avenue interchange. However, only right-hand turns are permitted from NY 7.
North of Frederick Street, the highway becomes limited-access once more and connects to the conjoined routes of I-81 and NY 17 by way of a cloverleaf interchange. Just north of the cloverleaf's northern tip is a simpler diamond interchange between NY 7 and Bevier Street. The highway continues on, paralleling a branch line off the Southern Tier Line northward through the city and into the village of Port Dickinson. A second at-grade intersection exists with Old State Road; however, unlike the first with Frederick Street, there are no turn restrictions at this intersection. NY 7 becomes limited-access once more, meeting a pair of service roads that serve Hillcrest before merging with I-88 just north of the Port Dickinson village limits in the town of Fenton. The Brandywine Highway ends here; however, NY 7 continues onto I-88.
History.
The Brandywine Highway was constructed in the early 1960s and opened to traffic by 1968. The portion of the freeway north of Brandywine Avenue became a realignment of NY 7 while the remaining section from NY 434 to Brandywine Avenue was initially unnumbered. The NY 434–Brandywine Avenue segment was designated as NY 363 by 1981. In the late 1980s, the northernmost portion of the highway was reconfigured to accommodate the new I-88.

</doc>
<doc id="20894350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894350" title="Radical 3">
Radical 3

Radical 3 meaning "dot" is one of six of the 214 Kangxi radicals that are composed of only one stroke.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 10 characters (out of 40,000) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="20894351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894351" title="Radical 4">
Radical 4

Radical 4 meaning "slash" or "bend" is one of six of the 214 Kangxi radicals that are composed of only one stroke.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 33 characters (out of 40,000) to be found under this radical. It is highly similar to the Japanese kana, no (ノ).
Radical 4 is one of the eight elements of 永 (永字八法 Yǒngzì Bāfǎ) and thus basic to Chinese calligraphy.

</doc>
<doc id="20894352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894352" title="Radical 5">
Radical 5

Radical 5 meaning "second" is one of six of the 214 Kangxi radicals that are composed of only one stroke. In the ancient Chinese cyclic character numeral system "tiāngān", 乙 represents the second Celestial stem.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 42 characters (out of 40,000) to be found under this radical.

</doc>
<doc id="20894354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894354" title="Lady Anne Somerset">
Lady Anne Somerset

Lady Anne Mary Somerset (born 21 January 1955) is an English historian and writer.
Biography.
Lady Anne Somerset was born in England in 1955, and was educated in London, Gloucestershire, and Kent. She read history at King's College London, and began her professional career as a research assistant to several historians. She published her own first book in 1980; it was a popular biography of King William IV, which was reprinted in 1993. She has gone on to write four further works, all focused on English history, mainly in the Tudor and Stuart periods. She has also written about the Affair of the Poisons in Louis XIV's France (c1677-1682). 
Lady Anne is the widow of the artist Matthew Carr and the daughter of David Somerset, 11th Duke of Beaufort. Her mother Caroline was the daughter of Henry Thynne, 6th Marquess of Bath, and the author Daphne Fielding.

</doc>
<doc id="20894371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894371" title="Abdurrahman Buğday">
Abdurrahman Buğday

Abdurahman Buğday (born 1959, Palu, Elazığ) is a Turkish criminal who was involved in the Susurluk scandal.
His father is named Süleyman.
In 1976, he was a board member of Malatya Branch of the Idealists' Union (ultra-nationalist youth centers or Grey Wolves).
In 1977, he was among the ultra-nationalist activists who carried out the bombing during the meeting held by the Republican People's Party (CHP) in Malatya.
On September 20, 1979, Abdurrahman Buğday killed engineer Hüseyin Tuluk in Malatya. In 1979, he was among the persons who murdered Bektaş Mutlu, member of the Teachers' Association TÖBDER.
In 1981, when he was wanted by Malatya Military Court, information was received that he had been hiding in Istanbul with the assistance of Erol Taş, a renowned Turkish film actor. He used Taş's house as a meeting place.
In July 1989, he fled to Europe. After establishing close relations to members of the PKK, he co-operated with the PKK in drug trafficking.

</doc>
<doc id="20894372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894372" title="Nyassia">
Nyassia

Niassia (also spelled Nyassia) is a village and commune in Ziguinchor Department, Ziguinchor Region, Casamance, Senegal.
Administration.
Niassia is the capital of the rural community of Niassia and Niassia district. The commune contains villages such as Badème, Bassere, Kadiene, Goudoume, Atoure, Toubacouta, Babonda, Djililo and Bagame. The current president of the Nyassia Rural Community (as of January 2013) is Parfait Sagna.
Geography.
The nearest towns are Bafikane, Badionkoton, Katio, Etome, and Kailou.

</doc>
<doc id="20894379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894379" title="Kalukembe">
Kalukembe

Kalukembe (also known as Caluquembe, Caluguembe, or Caluqueme) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20894384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894384" title="1966 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1966 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1966 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1966. The team's head football coach was Doug Weaver. It was the last year at the helm of the Wildcats for Doug Weaver. The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium for the second to last year. The Wildcats finished the season with a 0-9-1 record with a 0-6-1 record in conference play. They finished in a tie for 7th place. The Wildcats scored 66 points and gave up 226 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20894385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894385" title="Thomas Maguire (priest)">
Thomas Maguire (priest)

Thomas Maguire (May 9, 1776 – July 17, 1854) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, a vicar general and an educator.
Maguire was interested in education and in May 1821 Joseph-Octave Plessis appointed him as part of a committee at Quebec to prepare a constitution for the Quebec Education Society. The committee was led by Joseph-François Perrault.
He supported Bishop Jean-Jacques Lartigue in his struggle with the Sulpicians in the Montreal district. 

</doc>
<doc id="20894390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894390" title="Sambu Kingdom">
Sambu Kingdom

Sambu (also known as Sambo or Sambos) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20894397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894397" title="Marta Baldó">
Marta Baldó

Marta Baldó Marín (born 8 April 1979) is a Spanish rhythmic gymnast and Olympic Champion. She won a gold medal with the Spanish group at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. The team was formed by Marta, Estela Giménez, Nuria Cabanillas, Lorena Guréndez, Estíbaliz Martínez and Tania Lamarca. She has also won bronze, silver and gold metals at the rhythmic gymnastics World Championships, and silver and bronze metals at the European championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="20894400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894400" title="Howard Murphy (baseball)">
Howard Murphy (baseball)

Howard Murphy was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played in 25 games for the St. Louis Cardinals in . His minor league baseball career spanned sixteen seasons, from until . After his playing career, Murphy served as head baseball coach at Decatur Baptist College.

</doc>
<doc id="20894402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894402" title="Haluk Kırcı">
Haluk Kırcı

Haluk Kırcı (born in 1958, Erzurum) is a renowned Turkish criminal, who was involved in the Susurluk scandal.
His father and mother were Şükrü and Hafize, respectively.
Known among the ultra-nationalist activists (Grey Wolves) under the nickname "Idi Amin", he was wanted for the assassination of Public Deputy Prosecutor Doğan Öz in Ankara on 24 March 1978 and killing seven student members of the Worker's Party of Turkey (TİP) in Bahçelievler, Ankara by strangling, on October 9, 1978, better known as the Bahçelievler massacre.
He was captured with a fake identity document in İstanbul on September 8, 1978 and brought to Ankara. 
In 1986, he applied to the Public Prosecution Office in order to benefit from the provisions of the Act 3419. He accepted responsibility for the Bahçelievler massacre in his testimony, but he did not add any new information. He was sentenced to execution seven times, but as a right-wing militant his sentence wasn't carried out and converted to ten years of prison time for each murder he committed. In contrast, Erdal Eren was executed a few years ago due to an alleged murder despite being seventeen years old at the time.
On July 16, 1989, he attempted to escape from Bursa Prison with a fake ID on the name of Ali Ekinci during an open visit. On April 26, 1991, he was conditionally released from Bursa Prison. 
In 1991, certain intelligence was received, according to which he would go to Germany to join the administration of the Turkish Federation. 
Haluk Kırcı has a remarkable influence among the ultra-nationalist activists and relations to persons at the top level of the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP). 
On May 28, 2010 he was released from prison again.

</doc>
<doc id="20894419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894419" title="Culver School District">
Culver School District

Culver School District is a public school district that serves the city of Culver, Oregon, United States, and the surrounding area of Jefferson County.
The district consists of three schools on a single campus in Culver: Culver Elementary School, Culver Middle School, and Culver High School. 
Demographics.
In the 2009 school year, the district had 11 students classified as homeless by the Department of Education, or 1.6% of students in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20894420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894420" title="Ekekete">
Ekekete

Ekekete (also known as Quiquete) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20894428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894428" title="Maastrichtian (disambiguation)">
Maastrichtian (disambiguation)

The Maastrichtian is the last stage of the Cretaceous period, and therefore of the Mesozoic era.
Maastrichtian may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20894434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894434" title="Miracle on 34th Street (Baltimore)">
Miracle on 34th Street (Baltimore)

In Baltimore, Maryland, Miracle on 34th Street is a display of holiday lights that takes place annually on the 700 block of 34th Street (between Chestnut Avenue and Keswick Road) in Baltimore's Hampden community. The display, which involves the residents of most of the houses on the block, started in 1947, and takes place between late November and early January, celebrating its 64th year this Christmas. The location at the time of year becomes a major tourist attraction for visitors from all over the world, sometimes drawing more than 1000 visitors on a single evening.
The display prominently features Christmas trees of varying styles, trains, animated figures, Walt Disney cartoon characters, Hanukkah menorahs, artwork, and other various symbols of the holiday season.
Notable artists.
Some of the residents are renowned for their various displays. These include:
Criticism.
Neighborhood concerns.
The event has drawn criticism from various city residents over the amount of traffic created by vehicles passing on the block, and parking shortages caused by visitors parking on nearby streets. No extra police officers are used to monitor traffic.
Those on other nearby streets have also complained about noise caused by crowds from the event, and the noise and pollution caused by tour buses idling while parked on nearby streets while allowing busloads to walk along the block.
Energy issues.
Participants have been criticized for the high use of energy needed to operate electronic decorations. But the block's residents have continued the annual tradition every year since 1987, regardless of rises in energy costs that have occurred in recent years. Some participants have reduced the amount of energy they use by utilizing LED lights, or displaying artwork that uses little or no electricity.
According to Baltimore Gas & Electric, the average energy cost per participating resident is less than $10 per month.
In some cases, neighbors have assisted those who have trouble affording energy costs by pulling extension cords into their houses. This has created concerns about fire hazards.
Local news stations have warned visitors that though people may stand on this block and claim to be collecting tips for the energy costs of the display, residents are willing to foot the bill themselves, and do not collect any donations for this purpose. However, vendors do legitimately sell refreshments at nearby corners, not for their own personal profit, but for the benefit of visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20894437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894437" title="Needmore">
Needmore

Needmore can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20894441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894441" title="Zane Clark">
Zane Clark

Zane Clark is a former rugby league player. His position of preference was hooker (rugby league).
Early years.
A product of the Randwick Kingfishers club in the Wellington local competition, Clark made the Junior Kiwis in 1994 while played for the Hutt Valley Firehawks in the Lion Red Cup.
Warriors.
Clark was signed by the Auckland Warriors for the 1998 season as a back up to Syd Eru. When Eru was injured Clark made five first grade appearances for the Warriors.
He was not re-signed for the 1999 season and instead moved to Australia and played for Cessnock in the local Newcastle Rugby League competition.
World Cup.
Clark was named in the Cook Islands squad for the 2000 Rugby League World Cup and played in all three of the teams matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20894456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894456" title="Starhotels">
Starhotels

Starhotels is a privately owned hotel chain based in Florence that operates 22 luxury hotels (20 in Italy and one each in Paris and New York City).
The chain was founded in 1980 by Ferruccio Fabri and is operated today by his daughter Elisabetta Fabri.
The hotels strive to have a "made in Italy" feel and most of the hotels are four-star hotels with The Michelangelo (formerly the Hotel Taft) in New York City and Castille Paris being five star hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="20894460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894460" title="Wordsworth Military Library">
Wordsworth Military Library

The Wordsworth Military Library is an imprint of the publishers Wordsworth Editions Ltd., based in Ware, Hertfordshire, which publishes military history narratives and reference books.
Published works.
and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20894461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894461" title="4th parallel north">
4th parallel north

The 4th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 4 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Southeast Asia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 4° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20894462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894462" title="Nuria Cabanillas">
Nuria Cabanillas

Nuria Cabanillas Provencio (born 9 August 1980) is a Catalan-born and Extremaduran adoption rhythmic gymnast and Olympic Champion. She won a gold medal with the Spanish group at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. The team was formed by Nuria, Estela Giménez, Marta Baldó, Lorena Guréndez, Estíbaliz Martínez and Tania Lamarca. Nuria Cabanillas Provencio retired in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20894471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894471" title="Ausenco">
Ausenco

Ausenco Limited is a global engineering, procurement, construction management, and operations service provider to the energy, resource, and process industries. The company operates under five business lines: Energy, Environment & Sustainability, Minerals & Metals, Process Infrastructure, and Program Management. The company currently operates 30 offices in 19 countries worldwide under the Ausenco brand.
History.
Founded in Brisbane, Australia by Zimi Meka, current CEO and MD and Bob Thorpe, current Board member
Second office opens in Perth, Australia
First African project – North Mara Gold Project, Tanzania
First institutional shareholders invest in Ausenco<br>
Former Queensland Premier Wayne Goss is appointed Chairman<br>
Won Sepon Copper Gold Project, Laos
Established Ascentis, to deliver operations solutions to the minerals-processing industry - now a key part of Operations and Maintenance services
China and then Americas offices open
Won first Americas projects – Mexico and Argentina<br>
Won series of major projects – Australia, Zambia, Laos, Vietnam<br>
Listed on Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) – ASX: AAX
Bangkok and Vancouver offices open
Acquired Pipeline Systems Incorporated (PSI), Vector Engineering and Sandwell – immediately increasing employee numbers by 1.5x, and expanding service offering into pipeline systems, ports and marine, environment & sustainability and transportation systems<br>
Formed Ausenco Taggart joint venture to offer design and delivery of coal handling processing plants
Formed alliances with Whittle Consulting and Meteng focussed on optimisation services<br>
Created two new business lines - Energy and Program Management to expand offerings to clients<br>
Acquired 50% equity in Kramer Group to form KramerAusenco, expanding presence and services into PNG and the South Pacific
All Ausenco businesses, services and locations brought together under the ‘one Ausenco’ master brand
Acquired 100% of Reaction Consulting oil sands company in Calgary, Alberta, Canada to expand capability and services in process engineering for the oil and gas market<br>
Formed alliance with Proxa Ltd to provide specialist water management capabilities<br>
Acquired Queensland, Australia-based asset management firm Rylson Group, establishing Ausenco-Rylson, to expand offerings in asset optimisation and management services<br>
Ausenco Foundation re-invigorated, providing funding and in-kind support to communities in Canada, Chile and Australia
Acquired PROJEX Technologies Ltd located in Calgary, Alberta and Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada to expand capabilities in the oil sands market

</doc>
<doc id="20894479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894479" title="Barbro Alving">
Barbro Alving

Barbro Alving (12 January 1909 – 22 January 1987) was a Swedish journalist and writer, a pacifist and feminist, often using the pseudonym Bang. She wrote for, among others, the Swedish newspaper "Dagens Nyheter" and the magazines "Idun" and "Vecko-Journalen". She reported from various scenes during the Spanish Civil War, World War II and the Cold War.
Biography.
Alving was born in Uppsala, the daughter of Fanny Alving and Hjalmar Alving. Her father was a teacher of Nordic literature and her mother was a writer. She later moved with her family to Stockholm. Alving never married, but she had a daughter Maud Fanny Alving with illustrator and artist Birger Lundquist in 1938. Maud, better known as Ruffa Alving-Olin, is herself a journalist, and has collected and published letters, notes and other materials after Barbro Alving's death. Alving began living with Anna Laura Sjöcrona when her daughter Ruffa was only one year old, forming "a different kind of family", in her daughter's words. Alving and Sjöcrona lived together for over 40 years, until Alving's death.
Alving was editorial secretary of "Idun" from 1928 to 1931, and then a journalist at "Dagens Nyheter" from 1934 to 1959. She reported from the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin, from the Spanish Civil War, and the Winter War in Finland in 1939-40, from Norway in 1940, and Hungary in 1956. As a foreign correspondent, she reported from the United States, Vietnam, Africa and the Far East over a number of years. 
Alving became a pacifist, and converted to Catholicism in 1959. She supported the campaign in the 1950s to prevent Sweden acquiring nuclear weapon. Because of her convictions, she left "Dagens Nyheter", whose editor-in-chief was in favour of a Swedish nuclear defense, and started working at "Vecko-Journalen" instead. She refused to participate in civil defense, and was jailed for one month. She wrote of her period in prison in her 1956 book "Dagbok från Långholmen" ("Diary of Långholmen") (1956). 
Alving was inspired as a journalist, feminist and pacifist by Elin Wägner. She collected biographical material after Wagner's death in 1949, which later became a biography written by Ulla Isaksson and Erik Hjalmar Linder.
She wrote numerous books, some under the pseudonym "Käringen mot strömmen" ("old woman against the current", alluding to a 12th-century Swedish proverb). She wrote several screenplays, and was awarded the Nios Grand Prize in 1975. The feminist magazine "Bang" is named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="20894488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894488" title="Sir William Coddington, 1st Baronet">
Sir William Coddington, 1st Baronet

Sir William Coddington, 1st Baronet (1830 – 15 February 1918) was an English cotton manufacturer and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1906.
Coddington was born at Salford, Greater Manchester, the eldest son of William Dudley Coddington, a Manchester merchant, and his wife Elizabeth Hopwood. In 1842 his father settled in Blackburn as a cotton spinner and manufacturer. Coddington was a business man, and when his father died in 1867, he was left the management of the mills. Under his supervision the firm flourished, and he was able to take full advantage of the trade boom which followed the cotton famine. He erected two mills, Ordnance and Wellington New Mills.
In 1875, he was Mayor of Blackburn and in that year, he presented an organ to the Parish Church at a cost of £3,000. He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Blackburn at the 1880 general election. He held the seat until his retirement in 1906. In Parliament Sir William was remembered for his work as chairman of the Parliamentary Committee for widening the streets of London. He became a baronet in 1896. In 1912 his services to the town of Blackburn were recognised by presenting him with the Freedom of the Borough.
In 1864 he married Sarah Catherine, daughter of William Thomas Hall, of Wakefield, and they had one daughter. They lived firstly at Spring Mount and later at Wycollar, which had been built by his father. 
Sir William married again in his 83rd year, his second wife being Aimee Josephine Barber-Starkie. He died at Wycollar in his 87th year.

</doc>
<doc id="20894501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894501" title="Devils Woodyard">
Devils Woodyard

Devil's Woodyard is one of the most visited locations of Trinidad's many mud volcanoes. Located in Hindustan, Trinidad, near Princes Town, the series of several vents appeared in 1852. As legend goes: "A relatively young volcanic site got its name after its first eruption in 1852. Which shook the entire village and fell the tall trees and frightened the Amerindian villagers. Villagers at the time believed that the devil had come from beneath the earth to fell the woods. The mounds of earth which occasionally bubble and hiss continue to amaze visitors of the site." Local Hindus believe that if they do not offer to the volcano, the Hindu goddess Durga will cause it to erupt.

</doc>
<doc id="20894506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894506" title="Mario Čižmek">
Mario Čižmek

Club career.
Čižmek previously played for NK Zagreb, NK Kamen Ingrad and NK Inter Zaprešić in the Croatian First League. He also had a spell in the Israeli Premier League with Hapoel Petah Tikva during the 2001-02 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20894507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894507" title="Nitraria retusa">
Nitraria retusa

Nitraria retusa is a salt-tolerant shrub or bush in the Nitrariaceae family. The plant grows to 2.5m tall, although it is usually less than 1m in height. It has tiny, white to green, fragrant flowers, and small edible red fruit. The plant is native to desert areas of northern Africa, where it grows in primary succession on barren sand dunes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20894511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894511" title="Madonna della Strada (Scoppito)">
Madonna della Strada (Scoppito)

Madonna della Strada is an hamlet ("frazione") of Scoppito, in the Province of L'Aquila, Italy.
Geography.
The village is situated on the national road "SS 17". The southern part of it belongs to the municipality of Tornimparte.

</doc>
<doc id="20894515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894515" title="Teresa Hill">
Teresa Hill

Teresa Hill (born May 9, 1969 in Burley, Idaho) is an American actress and interior designer.

</doc>
<doc id="20894522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894522" title="Ali Yasak">
Ali Yasak

Ali Yasak (born 1956, Urfa), better known as Drej Ali (literally: Ali, the tall), is one of Turkey's most renowned criminals. He was involved in the Susurluk scandal.
On December 19, 1977, he was elected a board member of the Urfa Branch of the Idealists’ Union (ÜOD) (Grey Wolves). In 1978, he became chairman of the students association of Urfa Education Institute.
On January 12, 1978, he was arrested for participating in an illegal demonstration, and was released on court’s order on January 25, 1978 to be prosecuted without arrest. On January 26, 1978 he was wounded in an armed clash with opposing groups.
Since 1990, due to his ties with the organized crime, he was involved in the activity of collecting money for checks and vouchers in İstanbul. Besides, he had correspondence with fugitives and wanted ultra-nationalist activists abroad.
On 5 August 2013 Yasak was sentenced to six years and three months as part of the Ergenekon trials.

</doc>
<doc id="20894526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894526" title="The Universe of Mojica Marins">
The Universe of Mojica Marins

The Universe of Mojica Marins (original title: "O Universo de Mojica Marins") is a 1978 Brazilian short documentary film by Ivan Cardoso. The film features Brazilian filmmaker, director, screenwriter, film and television actor and media personality José Mojica Marins. The film follows Marins (as himself) in public appearances and includes commentary by Marins, as well as his mother and film associates and includes scenes from his films.

</doc>
<doc id="20894565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894565" title="Novaya Yunost">
Novaya Yunost

Novaya Yunost (Новая Юность, 'New Youth') is a Russian literary magazine. It was founded in 1993. The founding chief editor was Alexander Tkachenko, who had previously been poetry editor of "Novaya Yunost's" predecessor "Yunost."

</doc>
<doc id="20894587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894587" title="Ranelagh School">
Ranelagh School

Ranelagh School is a Church of England school close to the centre of Bracknell. It is one of the six secondary schools in Bracknell Forest.
Admissions.
Ranelagh is a publicly and voluntary funded school. Attendance is limited to Church of England children whose parents attend church at least 12 months prior to admission. It is one of many schools criticised in the UK and was subject to former Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families Ed Balls' investigation into UK schools that operated with public funding on this basis
History.
Cranbourne Hall was a Queen Anne style mansion built in 1709 just off Drift Road, Winkfield, and which was demolished in 2008. The Earl's residence was Cranbourne Lodge of which only Cranbourne Tower is remaining. Cranbourne (sometimes Cranborne), which was a part of Winkfield parish, is about two miles from Winkfield itself, and lies mainly on "Drift Road" and "North Road".
Earl of Ranelagh.
It was home to one of the oldest schools in Berkshire, established by the 1st Earl of Ranelagh, Richard Jones, for 20 boys and 20 girls. The first master was William Waterson who ran the school for 50 years, he was also the vicar of Winkfield. Earl Ranelagh was a devout Christian, he required that the master was in holy orders, and insisted the Catechism was taught every Wednesday and Friday. The boys were to learn reading writing and arithmetick (sic), and the girls reading, writing, spinning, knitting and sewing. A set of clothes rather like the more well-known "Blue Coat School" was provided for the children and so it became sometimes known as the Green School. Every Whit Monday the children paraded outside the lychgate of Winkfield Church to be given new uniforms. The school was then run by John Boyce from 1759-72 and later his son George from 1772-1824.
In 1709 the hours of the school were in summer 7 a.m. – 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. – 5 p.m., and winter 8 a.m. – 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. – 4 p.m. Attendance was often poor, and many pupils were expelled for non attendance, in 1769 15% were expelled for this reason. Earlier there were no school holidays, in 1820 there were four weeks in August, one week at Christmas and Easter, and a week at Whitsun was added in 1824. 
The front door opens into a full-height hall, originally a chapel, which has stained glass windows at the far end. The master’s rooms were at the back with rooms in each wing to house the children. In the 1830s the single storey wings were made double storey. By 1880 the school had reached a capacity of 100 and Cranbourne Hall was sold. The school expanded to a site in "Lovel Road" and became known as Cranbourne Ranelagh School.
Foundation.
In 1908 some of the proceeds from the sale of the Hall were used to establish a grammar school in Bracknell. This became the highly regarded Ranelagh Church of England Comprehensive School. Cranbourne Hall was demolished in 2008.
Ranelagh opened as a secondary school and pupil-teacher centre on its present site in Bracknell in 1908. The school was partly funded by the Ranelagh Foundation, a charitable trust, which had been involved in education in the ancient parish of Winkfield since the founding of the original school in 1709. When the school opened in Bracknell, there were four full time teachers including the first headmaster, Ernest Cleave.
By the outbreak of World War II the number on roll had risen to one hundred and there were then eight full time teachers including the second headmaster, James Bury. An additional playing field had been purchased in Larges Lane. During the war there were, at one time, two schools sharing the use of the buildings.
The coming of the New Town and changes in national educational policy led to a major expansion of the school between 1953 and 1981 under the headships of Donovan Martin and Nick Dolby (Dolbs).
Grammar school.
The school became a Church of England voluntary aided grammar school following the Education Act 1944. Extensions were made to the buildings between 1955-64, and between 1979-81.
Comprehensive school.
In 1981, it began to develop as a comprehensive school. Since 1993, under the headship of Kathryn Winrow, the school has expanded in numbers. Additional accommodation has upgraded the site with additional classrooms, a sixth form centre, a business centre, music block, a sports hall and an arts-design centre.
Today.
The school became an academy in August 2011. It was awarded Beacon School Status and is a Specialist College in Maths, Visual Arts and Business & Enterprise. In February 2006, the school received an outstanding OFSTED report and has been included in HMCI Annual Report (for the second time) as one of the most successful schools in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20894588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894588" title="Masked spinefoot">
Masked spinefoot

The masked spinefoot ("Siganus puellus"), also known as decorated rabbitfish or masked rabbitfish, occurs in shallow, coral-rich areas of clear lagoons and seaward reefs of the Indo-West Pacific region at depths of 10 to 100 feet.
Its body is yellow-orange dorsally grading through pale blue to white below. The body is also covered with wavy blue lines that are vertical anteriorly and horizontal posteriorly. The eyes are masked by a prominent blackish stripe that extends from the bottom of the mouth to the top of the head. As the black stripe passes the eye it becomes spotted.
Care needs to be taken with them, as they have poisonous spines. When stressed, they will flash and point their poisonous spines at any threat. Its sting is similar to a lionfish.

</doc>
<doc id="20894604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894604" title="White Fawn's Devotion">
White Fawn's Devotion

"White Fawn's Devotion: A Play Acted by a Tribe of Red Indians in America" is a 1910 American short dramatic silent film. Although a few writers believe the film features Young Deer's wife Princess Red Wing as "White Fawn", the lead woman does not fit St. Cyr's description. The movie was shot in New Jersey at 24fps.
"White Fawn's Devotion" is the earliest surviving film directed by a Native American. It was one of the earlier films shot in America by the French company Pathé. A reviewer in the "New York Dramatic Mirror" wrote that the film "proves to be interesting if we can forget the New Jersey scenery" and noted that "it is not quite clear where the devotion comes in, nor of what it consists.".
In 2008, the movie was added to the United States National Film Registry as being deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Plot.
When a settler in the Dakotas gets word that he is to inherit a large fortune, his Native American wife is upset. Believing that she will lose her husband if he returns East, she stabs herself with a knife. Her husband finds her and removes the knife, but their daughter see him with the knife in his hand and her dead mother. The child, believing the father committed the murder, alerts the nearby Indian village. Several Indians then engage the settler in a long chase. When the settler is captured, the Indians intend to put him to death until White Fawn miraculously revives and informs the Indians of the truth.
Production.
James Young Deer (also known as J. Younger Johnston or James Young Johnson), the uncredited director and writer of "White Fawn's Devotion", was believed to be the first Native American film director. His ancestors were members of the Nanticoke people of Delaware. Young Deer was hired by Pathé Frères as a director and scenario writer and frequently worked in collaboration with his actress wife Lillian St. Cyr, also known by her stage name Princess Red Wing. Out of the more than 100 short and a few feature films he made, "White Fawn's Devotion" is one of fewer than 10 films of Young Deer's to have survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20894624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894624" title="Rhysently Granted">
Rhysently Granted

Rhysently Granted were a musical comedy duo consisting of New Zealand comedians Rhys Darby and Grant Lobban. The two met in 1996 while both were working as staff in a cabaret restaurant in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Grant played bass guitar while Rhys provided the main vocals. Shortly after forming Rhysently Granted won an open mic contest at the Southern Blues Bar and they then began performing more frequently at local venues in the Christchurch area.
A Rhysently Granted performance would consist of slightly absurdist but humorous songs which were interspersed with surrealistic skits, usually enhanced by Grant's abstract poetry and Rhys' vocal sound effects.
Rhysently Granted performed in two New Zealand comedy festivals which led to Rhys moving up to Auckland in 1999 to seek more solo stand-up experience. The duo officially split around 2001 with Darby moving overseas to pursue his solo career and Lobban staying in New Zealand to focus on his own comedy material.

</doc>
<doc id="20894627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894627" title="Ted Lapidus">
Ted Lapidus

Edmond "Ted" Lapidus (23 June 1929 – 29 December 2008) was a French fashion designer. He was born in Paris the son of a Russian-Jewish Émigré tailor.
Lapidus was considered the creator and pioneer of the unisex fashion look and is credited with introducing a military and safari look into "haute couture". He is credited as the first designer to put Military style Shoulder straps on both male and female clothing, and with making blue jeans part of the mainstream of fashion design.<br> After an apprenticeship with Dior, Lapidus started his own fashion label in 1951, and gained prominence in the 1960s when French celebrities such as Brigitte Bardot, Françoise Hardy and Alain Delon started wearing his creations. 
Lapidus proved influential outside France, too, and was the first designer to persuade Twiggy to wear a suit and tie rather than a mini-skirt. John Lennon was another admirer and in 1969 he asked Lapidus to design a white leather bag to house a set of fourteen erotic lithographs he had made. Known as "Bag One", the limited edition of 300 bags incorporated zips, handles and a lock, as well as Lennon's signature in black, and was hand-stitched in Italy and later autographed by the Beatle. Lapidus also designed the white suit that John Lennon wore on the cover of The Beatles’ Abbey Road album. 
He was admitted to the "Chambre syndicale de la haute couture parisienne" in 1963. He designed the safari suit, a style of men's suit that was popular in Australia in the 1970s.
In the late 1970s the Lapidus label started to produce fashion accessories as the "haute couture" market declined. In 1989 Ted Lapidus's son Oliver Lapidus took over the Lapidus label. Lapidus sponsored the French Automobiles Gonfaronnaises Sportives Formula One auto racing team in 1990 via the Ted Lapidus product name. In 2000 the Lapidus label ceased producing "haute couture" and is now primarily known for its fashion accessories of watches and fragrances.
Lapidus died in Cannes, aged 79, from pulmonary complications brought on by leukaemia. He is buried in the Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris. Sarkozy's statement called him "the poet of French couture".
Lapidus was married twice. He is survived by two sons, Olivier and Thomas, and a daughter, Eloise.

</doc>
<doc id="20894630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894630" title="Kakonda">
Kakonda

Kakonda (also known as Cilombo-coñoma, Caconda, or Quilombo) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20894653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894653" title="Practavia Sprite">
Practavia Sprite

The Practavia Sprite is a British two-seat homebuilt training or touring monoplane designed for amateur construction. It was the winning entry in a competition sponsored by Pilot Magazine in 1968. The design had been begun as a magazine-sponsored project by Peter Garrison, who worked for Pilot at the time; when the project did not move forward rapidly enough to suit him, he returned to the United States, where he modified his design into what would become his first Melmoth. 
Development.
The prototype Sprite, named the Pilot Sprite, was designed by a team at Loughborough University and had little in common with Garrison's design, though both were all-metal side-by-side low-wing cantilever monoplanes with tricycle landing gear. The Sprite was powered by a Rolls-Royce Continental O-240-A piston engine. Plans for amateur building were marketed by Practavia Ltd as the Practavia Sprite.

</doc>
<doc id="20894658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894658" title="Citata">
Citata

Citata (also known as Quitata) was one of the traditional independent Ovimbundu kingdoms in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="20894666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894666" title="Manfred Hoeberl">
Manfred Hoeberl

Manfred Hoeberl (born May 12, 1964 in Graz, Eggenberg, Austria) is a former strongman and Powerlifter who was known as having the largest arms in the world during the early-mid 1990s. Hoeberl was born in the same town as bodybuilding legend and former Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Life and career.
Hoeberl won the Europe's Strongest Man Competition twice (1993, 1994) and was runner up at the 1994 World's Strongest Man competition. Hoeberl competed in the World's Strongest Man finals in 1991, and 1993 as well, finishing 8th, and 4th respectively.
Hoeberl won Austria's Strongest Man 7 times, from 1989-1994 & 1996.
In the early 1990s Hoeberl claimed to have the largest arms in the world. At the 1994 Arnold Schwarzenegger Classic, bodybuilding journalist Joe Roark measured Hoeberl's upper arm to be cold. Right after Hoeberl curled a 150 lb. dumbbell for several reps and was re-measured at 26 inches pumped. After the measurement Roark claimed Hoeberl was the first man in history to have an upper arm girth three times the size of his wrist circumference.
Shortly after this, Hoeberl co-wrote his first book "10 Minutes to Massive Arms".
Hoeberl was officially certified on the No. 3 Captains of Crush gripper in 1997.
Car Accidents and Retirement.
Shortly after the 1994 World's Strongest Man contest, Hoeberl was involved in a near fatal car accident in which he broke several limbs, and fractured his hip in 8 places. After months of rehabilitation, Hoeberl returned to strongman competition, although he never again competed in the World's Strongest Man. A severe biceps injury sustained during the 1997 European Hercules contest forced him into retirement.
Hoeberl was involved in a second near fatal accident in 2002. Hoeberl was involved in a head on collision with a truck while riding a motorcycle at 80 miles per hour. Due to his injuries Hoeberl is no longer weight training, he is quoted as saying "I am kinda lucky to be alive".

</doc>
<doc id="20894695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894695" title="Theta Upsilon">
Theta Upsilon

Theta Upsilon was a national women's fraternity operating in the United States from February 1921 until May 1962, when the group was absorbed by the Delta Zeta sorority.
Local Club.
Theta Upsilon began as a local club at the University of California. Six female students moved into a house on Walnut Street. The house became known as "The Walnut Shell".
In the academic year of 1913- 1914, twelve girls organized an official "house club" under the university. It was called "Mekatina", which meant "Among the Hills". Mekatina had a ritual based on Native American themes. The pin was a rising sun. The formal founding date, according to Delta Zeta's history, is January 1, 1914.
National Fraternity.
On February 7, 1921, the Mekatina students became members of the Alpha chapter of Theta Upsilon. Ida Shaw Martin, of the Sorority Service Bureau, had outlined the plans for Theta Upsilon and perfected the ritual.
Theta Upsilon installed many chapters across the country. Early in its history, the fraternity merged with Lambda Omega and Alpha Sigma Delta sororities. Lambda Omega began as the Norroena club at Berkeley in 1915. The name meant "Breath of the North" and the ritual was based on Native American and Norse values. The Norse values emphasized were hardihood, hospitality, economy, and friendship. Lambda Omega was an associate member of the National Panhellenic Conference. In 1932, Lambda Omega merged with Alpha Sigma Delta, which began as the Iaqua club at Berkeley in 1919. In 1932, Lambda Omega was absorbed by Theta Upsilon.
On May 6, 1962, Theta Upsilon fraternity was officially absorbed by Delta Zeta sorority. The ceremony was held at the Alpha Alpha chapter house at Northwestern University. Delta Zeta gained nine new collegiate chapters:
There were also three "overlaps" in chapters at Miami, Illinois, and Temple universities.
Creed.
"As a daughter of light, I believe in loyalty to God, the Light of all our being; in loyalty to our country, the land of opportunity and freedom, where all women have important roles to play; in loyalty to our fellowmen with whom I shall seek constantly understanding and true love.
"I believe in love, learning, and labor, bearing in mind that each is incomplete without the other- true love expressed through intelligence, service, learning acquired as a result of loving interest in others, and labor inspired by love and guided by intelligence.
I believe in Theta Upsilon, its purposes, its ideals, and its aspirations. I pledge my heart, my head, and my hand to be a good citizen on the campus and in the community, to cooperate in all endeavors, to maintain high ideals in social life, to uphold a worthy standard in harmony with my sisters in Theta Upsilon, that together we may work to further the divine plan for all mankind." - Beatrice Card Fuller

</doc>
<doc id="20894707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894707" title="Jim Bishop (bishop)">
Jim Bishop (bishop)

Clifford Leofric Purdy "Jim" Bishop was the Suffragan Bishop of Malmesbury from 1962 until 1973 in the Church of England.
Life.
He was born on 11 June 1908 and educated at St. John's School, Leatherhead and Christ's College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1933 and later Vicar of St George’s, Camberwell, he was also Rural Dean of Walsingham and then Wearmouth until his ordination to the episcopate. He died on 1 September 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20894708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894708" title="Dymaxion Deployment Unit">
Dymaxion Deployment Unit

A Dymaxion Deployment Unit (DDU) is a structure designed in 1940 by Buckminster Fuller consisting of a 20-foot circular hut constructed of corrugated steel looking much like a yurt or the top of a metal silo. The interior was insulated, finished with wallboard, port holes and a door. The dome-like ceiling has a hole in the top and a cap for ventilation.
History.
The Army Signal Corps commissioned Fuller in 1942 to develop 200 units as quickly as possible. The units were manufactured by the Butler Manufacturing company and were deployed all around the world prior to the US entry into World War II. The cost of each unit at the time was $1,250. The wartime shortage of steel resulted in the cancellation of further production.
The Infoage Science/History Learning Center (the NJ science center at Camp Evans) has 11 surviving DDUs as seen in current satellite photos Historical aerial photos show at least 14 between the 2 large H-shaped buildings for a total of over 24 units at the base from 1947 - 1970 [http://www.historicaerials.com/aerials.php?scale=3&lon=-74.06196190341805&lat=40.18368912553674&year=1953. Many of the cement pads remain after the DDU was removed. They were used for storage of hazardous materials and for small shops [http://www.infoage.org/_CE/html/ddu.html]
At Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, two DDU reside prominently on the roof top of the Myer Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20894712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894712" title="Chané people">
Chané people

The Chané or Izoceño are a native ethnic group whose traditional lands are in the plains and valleys between the Gran Chaco and the Andes in northern Argentina, Paraguay and southern Bolivia.
History.
The Chanes, together with other Arawak groups, left Guyana approximately 2,500 years ago. They developed an agrarian culture, built densely populated villages, cultivated corn, peanuts, cotton and squash, and are famous for their ceramics and graphics which have been found mainly in the pampas surrounding the city of Santa Cruz de la Sierra, El Fuerte in Samaipata, and in Portachuelo, Valle Abajo, Okinawa, Cotoca, El Pari, Mataral and Warnes. They also craft wooden masks and fabric clothing.
An ancient Chané religious site is El Fuerte de Samaipata, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 
They were a rather peaceful culture and traded with the Quechua-speaking Incas in the Andes and with other Arawak-speaking groups to the north and east. Chanes and Incas established a truce to join forces against the Guaraní tribes from the south, which the Incas called "Chiriguanos". The Guaraní tribes raided the Chane homeland on a regular basis, and prior to the Spanish conquest, the Guaraní defeated both Chanes and Incas and conquered the plains and valleys of what is now the Santa Cruz Department of Bolivia. Some Chane were forced into slavery by the Guaraní, others migrated to less fertile regions to the southeast. Many Chane women were taken as wives by Guaraní men, thus starting a process of assimilation. Both Guaraní and Guaraní-speaking Chane also assimilated and mixed with Europeans during the colonial period and after the independence of both Argentina and Bolivia.
Distribution.
There are some Chane communities still living in the Izozog region in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, and in Yacui and Che-Renda near Tartagal, Argentina. In both cases they have been influenced by the Guaraní language and culture, but still retain their Chane identity. The other descendants of the Chane culture were first mixed with the Guaranis, later with the Spaniards, and in the last two centuries with migration flows of other Europeans, Arabs, and migrants from other parts of Bolivia and Argentina. The Chane culture is an important heritage component of the populations of Santa Cruz, the Paraguayan Chaco, Salta Province, Jujuy Province and the Argentine Chaco.

</doc>
<doc id="20894718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894718" title="'t Harde railway station">
't Harde railway station

't Harde is a railway station located in 't Harde, Netherlands. The station was opened on 20 August 1863 and is located on the Amersfoort–Zwolle section of the Utrecht–Kampen railway ("Centraalspoorweg"). The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
In the course of time this station had several other names:
Train service.
The following services currently call at 't Harde:

</doc>
<doc id="20894768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894768" title="Bukooli kingdom">
Bukooli kingdom

Bukooli is one of the six traditional chiefdoms of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.
It was founded before 1737 and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Wakooli.

</doc>
<doc id="20894789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894789" title="Butembe">
Butembe

Butembe is one of the six traditional chiefdoms of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.
It became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Ntembe.

</doc>
<doc id="20894821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894821" title="Archbishop of Dublin">
Archbishop of Dublin

The Archbishop of Dublin is an archiepiscopal title which takes its name after Dublin, Ireland. Since the Reformation, there have been parallel apostolic successions to the title: one in the Church of Ireland and the other in the Roman Catholic Church. The archbishop of each denomination also holds the title of Primate of Ireland.
History.
The diocese of Dublin was formally established by Sigtrygg (Sitric) Silkbeard, King of Dublin in 1028, and the first bishop, Dúnán, was consecrated in about the same year. The diocese of Dublin was subject to the Province of Canterbury until 1152. At the Synod of Kells, held in March 1152, Dublin was raised to an ecclesiastical province with the archbishop of Dublin having the jurisdiction over the bishops of Ferns, Glendalough, Kildare, Leighlin and Ossory. In 1214, the dioceses of Dublin and Glendalough were united, which was confirmed by Pope Innocent III on 25 February 1216 and by Pope Honorius III on 6 October 1216. After the Reformation, there are apostolic successions of Church of Ireland and Roman Catholic archbishops.
From 1846 to 1977, Church of Ireland diocese of Dublin and Glendalough was united with the see of Kildare. The current Church of Ireland archbishop is the Most Reverend Michael Jackson, Archbishop of the Diocese of Dublin and Glendalough.
Sometime after the Reformation, Glendalough was dropped from the Roman Catholic archdiocese title. The current Roman Catholic archbishop is the Most Reverend Diarmuid Martin, Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Dublin, who succeeded to the title on 3 May 2003 and installed at St Mary's Pro-Cathedral, Dublin on 30 August 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20894830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894830" title="D. Sam Abrams">
D. Sam Abrams

D. Sam Abrams, (born 1952 in Beckley, West Virginia), is a poet, translator and critic. He is considered an authority on the Catalan language. He holds a degree in Hispanic Studies from the Autonomous University of Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="20894838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894838" title="4th parallel south">
4th parallel south

The 4th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 4 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Southeast Asia, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 4° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20894844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894844" title="Bugweri kingdom">
Bugweri kingdom

Bugweri (sometimes called Bugweri Bufutulu) is one of the six traditional chiefdoms of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.
It was founded around 1726 and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Menya.

</doc>
<doc id="20894846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894846" title="O Death">
O Death

O Death — also known as O, Death, Oh Death, and Conversations with Death — is a traditional American folk song.
Its original author is unknown. One of the oldest recordings is on file with the Library of Congress and it is found in many African American spiritual hymnals. Country blues banjo player Moran Lee "Dock" Boggs (1898-1971) recorded the song in the late 1920s. Various folk music artists included "Oh, Death" on a variety of musical collections throughout the 1970s and '80s.
Lyrics.
O, Death. O, Death.
Won't you spare me over 'til another year?
Well, what is this that I can't see 
With ice cold hands takin' hold of me.
When God is gone, and the Devil takes hold, 
Who'll have mercy on your soul. 
Well I am death, none can excel, 
I'll open the door to heaven or hell. 
'O, death, someone would pray 
'Could you wait to call me another day?' 
The children prayed, the preacher preached 
Time and mercy is out of your reach. 
I'll fix your feet 'til you can't walk. 
I'll lock your jaw 'til you can't talk. 
I'll close your eyes so you can't see 
This very hour come and go with me. 
I'm death I come, to take the soul 
Leave the body and leave it cold. 
To draw the flesh off of the frame, 
Dirt and worm both have a claim.
O, Death. O, Death. 
Won't you spare me over til another year?
My mother came to my bed 
Placed a cold towel upon my head. 
My head is warm, my feet are cold 
Death is a-movin' upon my soul. 
Oh death how you're treatin' me 
You've close my eyes so I can't see. 
Well you're hurtin' my body 
You make me cold 
You run my life right outta my soul. 
Oh death please consider my age, 
Please don't take me at this stage. 
My wealth is all at your command 
If you will move your icy hand. 
Oh the old, the young, the rich or poor 
All alike to me, you know. 
No wealth, no land, no silver no gold 
Nothing satisfies me but your soul.
O, Death. O, Death. 
Won't you spare me over 'til another year?'"
Covers and other uses.
"O, Death" has been performed by many artists in recent times, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20894856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894856" title="Trudovoy">
Trudovoy

Trudovoy (; masculine), Trudovaya (; feminine), or Trudovoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="20894862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894862" title="Hardenberg railway station">
Hardenberg railway station

Hardenberg is a railway station located in Hardenberg, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 February 1905 and is located on the Zwolle–Emmen railway. The services are operated by Arriva.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are possible from Hardenberg:
Zwolle, Coevorden and Emmen.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Hardenberg:

</doc>
<doc id="20894866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894866" title="Trudovoye">
Trudovoye

Trudovoye is the name of several places in Russia and Ukraine:

</doc>
<doc id="20894873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894873" title="Busiki">
Busiki

"See also Namutumba District for Busiki District."
Busiki is one of the six traditional chiefdoms of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.
It was founded around 1683 and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Kisiki.

</doc>
<doc id="20894881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894881" title="M58 highway (Russia)">
M58 highway (Russia)

The Russian route M58 or the Amur Highway (named so after the nearby Amur River) is a federal highway in Russia, part of the Trans-Siberian Highway. With a length of 2100 km it is the longest segment, from Chita to Khabarovsk, connecting the paved roads of Siberia with those of the Russian Far East. The construction of the road united the Russian federal highways into a single system, stretching from Saint Petersburg to Vladivostok.
The most problematic stretch of the highway lies between Chita and Khabarovsk. The first section of this route, linking Belogorsk to Blagoveshchensk (124 km in length), was constructed by gulag inmates as early as 1949. Extended and updated between 1998 and 2001, this road forms part of the Asian route AH31 connecting Belogorsk to Dalian in China. 
The section of the Chita–Khabarovsk road known as the Zilov Gap remained largely unfinished up until early 2004, when Russian President Vladimir Putin symbolically opened the Amur Highway, with great swaths of forest separating major portions from one another. The St. Petersburg Times reported in September 2010 that paving of the highway had been completed. At a videoconference marking the event, Putin described it as "a dependable, modern farm road, but not the Autobahn".
Jim Oliver and Dennis ONeil rode motorcycles across Russia, along the Trans-Siberian Highway, during the last week of May and the first three weeks of June in 2004. As described in Jim Oliver's book, "Lucille and The XXX Road", the section between Chita and Khabarovsk was an extremely challenging undertaking. Jim writes about the massive marsh, gravel, rock, mud, sand, washboard, pot-holes, stream fording, and detours of the elusive highway with a noticeable absence of pavement. Many motorcyclists have been injured or killed trying to "master" the Amur Highway. Today, it is a modern paved highway with painted reflective lane-lines.

</doc>
<doc id="20894888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894888" title="Rafał Grotowski">
Rafał Grotowski

Rafał Grotowski (born September 18, 1973 in Poznań, Wielkopolskie) is a field hockey player from Poland, who was a member of the Men's National Team that ended up in twelfth and last place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The team had qualified by surprise for the Games by defeating bigger names like New Zealand at the 2000 Men's Field Hockey Olympic Qualifier in Osaka, Japan.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20894894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894894" title="Venga TG-10">
Venga TG-10

__NOTOC__
The Venga TG-10 Brushfire was a military trainer aircraft developed in Canada in the late 1980s. The sole prototype was destroyed in a fire without having flown. The TG-10 was a low-wing, single-engine jet with seating in tandem for the pilot and instructor. In general layout, it resembled the Northrop F-5 but had twin, outwardly-canted tail fins. Construction was of composite materials throughout. Announced to the public at the 1987 Paris Air Show, the key selling point of the design was its low cost, offering the performance of competing jet trainers at the cost of a turboprop trainer. Venga Aerospace claimed letters of interest from five countries, involving up to 160 aircraft. A single-seat ground-attack version and a UAV version were also considered.
Venga hoped to be able to enter the design in the USAF's JPATS competition, but this did not transpire. Finance proved an ongoing problem for the project, despite a partnership with Chinese firm Baosteel announced in 1994, as the first prototype was nearing completion. At the time, Venga still claimed "soft orders" for 86 aircraft from five customers. The aircraft was destroyed in a fire in May 1998, and no further work was undertaken. However, as recently as 2004, Venga hoped to relaunch the project.

</doc>
<doc id="20894901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894901" title="Omari Mosque">
Omari Mosque

"Al-Omari Mosque" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20894902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894902" title="Harderwijk railway station">
Harderwijk railway station

Harderwijk is a railway station located in Harderwijk, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 20 August 1863 and is located on the Amersfoort–Zwolle section of the Utrecht–Kampen railway ("Centraalspoorweg"). The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Harderwijk:

</doc>
<doc id="20894914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894914" title="List of moths of Great Britain (Lasiocampidae)">
List of moths of Great Britain (Lasiocampidae)

The family Lasiocampidae comprises the Eggar moths, of which 10 are resident species in Great Britain, one probably extinct and one probably an immigrant:
Species listed in the 2007 UK Biodiversity Action Plan (BAP) are indicated by a double-dagger symbol (‡)—species so listed for research purposes only are also indicated with an asterisk (‡*).

</doc>
<doc id="20894922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894922" title="Chiefdom of Bunya">
Chiefdom of Bunya

Bunya (sometimes called Bunha) is one of the six traditional chiefdoms of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.
It was founded before 1737 and became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Luba.

</doc>
<doc id="20894933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894933" title="Bunyole">
Bunyole

Bunyole (sometimes called Bunhole) is one of the six traditional chiefdoms of the kingdom of Busoga in Uganda.
It became a part of the British protectorate in Busoga in 1896. Its ruler is known as the Nanyumba.

</doc>
<doc id="20894937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894937" title="Freddy Temple">
Freddy Temple

Frederick Stephen "Freddy" Temple was the Suffragan Bishop of Malmesbury from 1973 until 1983.
Temple was born on 24 November 1916 and educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1948 and was a curate in Newark and later Rector of St Agnes' Longsight and Dean of Hong Kong. He returned to England to be senior chaplain to the Geoffrey Fisher, then Archbishop of Canterbury. He was then Vicar of St Mary’s Portsea, Portsmouth, the largest parish of the city, and then Archdeacon of Malmesbury until his ordination to the episcopate. He retired in 1983 and died on 26 November 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20894940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894940" title="Askar Simitko">
Askar Simitko

Askar Simitko, alternative spellings use "Asgar" and/or "Smitko", (1953–January 28, 1995) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey. He was found tortured and shot dead by unknown persons in Istanbul.
Simitko was born 1953 in Urmia (West Azarbaijan province) in Iran as a son of Tahirhan.
As of September 1985, he was dwelling in İstanbul, and along with his father he secured communication between members of the Barzani organization.
In the same period, he had connections to persons from the Iranian intelligence organization (SAVAMA), who requested from him to collect information regarding names and activities of followers of the former Shah of Iran Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and members of the People's Mujahedin of Iran. An official report on the Susurluk scandal authored by Kutlu Savaş, a high-ranking civil servant, states that in addition to his illegal activities, he submitted information on the Iranian regime opponents causing the execution of many.
In 1993, he applied for asylum in a third country.
On January 15, 1995, he and his friend Lazım Esmaeili, were abducted by unknown persons when they left the casino of Polat Renaissance Hotel in Yeşilköy, İstanbul at local time 03:45. On January 28, 1995, villagers found the corpses of the two in Kerev Creek, Silivri, about far from İstanbul. They were tortured, ears cut and shot multiple times to death. According to the "Second MIT Report" authored by Mehmet Eymür, the incident's motive was not political but drug trafficking in connection with the Susurluk scandal gang.

</doc>
<doc id="20894947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894947" title="Sindlinger Hawker Hurricane">
Sindlinger Hawker Hurricane

The Sindlinger HH-1 Hawker Hurricane is a ⅝ scale homebuilt design based on the Hawker Hurricane. Designed by Fred Sindlinger for amateur construction, the prototype was built between 1969 and 1972. 
Design.
Although based on the Hawker Hurricane the design makes some compromises for the amateur construction and the smaller size. It is an all-wood low-wing cantilever monoplane with a manual retractable main landing gear and fixed tail wheel. Designed to take a Lycoming engine. The cockpit is 4 inches (10.2 cm) out of scale in height and width and the elevators are 12% overscale. It used wooden stringers and fabric to give the appearance of the real Hurricane.
Although originally designed for the Lycoming O-320 a number of people have successfully fitted auto (car) engines. The picture is of one such conversion in New Zealand which has been successfully flying for 250 hours as of March 2009 using a Mitsubishi 6G72 V6 engine driving a Dave Blanton designed cogged belt PSRU. This aircraft is also fitted with electric retractable landing gear.

</doc>
<doc id="20894955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894955" title="Larry Joshua">
Larry Joshua

Larry Joshua (born February 12, 1952) is an American actor who has appeared in over 50 productions since 1981.
Some of his more famous films include "The Burning" (1981), "Sea of Love" (1989), "Quick Change" (1990), "A Midnight Clear" (1992), "Romeo is Bleeding" (1993), "The X Files" (1998), "For Love of the Game" (1999) and "Spider-Man" (2002). He appeared in two Academy Award for Best Picture winners: "Dances with Wolves" (1990) and "Unforgiven" (1992).
Joshua has also had a significant television career. He was one of the cast members of the ill-fated police musical series "Cop Rock" (1990). He also had a recurring role as Capt. Clifford Bass on "NYPD Blue" (1995–2001). Joshua also made appearances on "Search for Tomorrow", "Miami Vice", "Party of Five", "Chicago Hope", "Law & Order", "Cold Case", and "ER".
Joshua was born in New York City. Joshua and soap opera actress Sharon Rose Gabet were married from 1984 to 1996 before divorcing. The couple have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20894968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894968" title="SEK Class Λβ">
SEK Class Λβ

SEK ("Sidirodromoi Ellinikou Kratous", Hellenic State Railways) Class Λβ (or Class Lb; Lambda-beta) is a class of 2-10-0 steam locomotives, ex-WD Austerity 2-10-0s purchased after the Second World War. Sixteen of these came to Greece via Egypt in 1952. They were numbered Λβ951-966.
They were allocated to the Salonika division, where they hauled main line passenger trains, including Athens to Istanbul Expresses until they were replaced by diesel locomotives in 1967. However, they remained in service through the 1970s, the last being withdrawn in 1979.
Preservation.
A total of five Greek Austerity 2-10-0s have survived. Two of them (Λβ951 and Λβ960) have been repatriated to Great Britain, and two more (Λβ962 and Λβ964) are in working condition in Greece. Two more are abandoned in Salonika and Tithorea (Λβ 958). The fate of others is less clear.

</doc>
<doc id="20894972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894972" title="Simon Evans (writer)">
Simon Evans (writer)

Simon Evans (10 August 1895 – 9 August 1940), a postman with the GPO (now Royal Mail) for most of his short life, also developed a reputation in the 1930s as a writer and broadcaster on country life, particularly in and around rural South Shropshire. He had five books published by Heath Cranton Ltd within a seven-year span (1931–38) before his death in 1940. In recent years a collection of his writings has been published, and other memorials created, including plaques in Cleobury Mortimer, where he lived for 14 years, and a 28-km walk based on his postal round stretching from Cleobury Mortimer deep into the South Shropshire countryside.
Early life.
Simon Evans was born at Tynyfedu, Wales, not far from Lake Vyrnwy, a reservoir supplying water to Liverpool. His father, Ellis Evans, was a farmer, but the family farm was too poor to support a growing number of sons, so Ellis and his family left Wales for Birkenhead on Merseyside around 1907. Simon, tall for his age, and speaking with a strong Welsh accent, did not have an easy time at school, but did owe his love of literature to an influential teacher. When he left school, he worked for the General Post Office as a messenger boy and postman.
War service.
On the outbreak of the First World War, Evans joined the 16th Battalion of the Cheshire Regiment, and spent much of the next five years in trench warfare, an experience which left him mentally and physically scarred. He was wounded and invalided back to England at least once, and finally wounded and gassed in 1918. 
Life after WWI.
Evans returned to Merseyside after an operation on his wounded legs, but found himself unable to settle down to the life of an urban postman. Gas damage to his lungs meant he still had to spent time in convalescent homes, and on one occasion was advised to take a walking holiday before returning to his work as a postman. This holiday he took in or near Cleobury Mortimer, and there he found a postman willing to exchange a rural postal round for Simon's urban one. With some difficulty, an exchange was arranged, and Evans took up work in Cleobury Mortimer in 1926. 
Cleobury Mortimer.
His new life in Cleobury Mortimer suited him perfectly. He later claimed that as a country postman he knew many more people than he had known when working in a town. At the time, the GPO provided rural walking postmen with shelter huts at the further point of their rounds, and Evans took full advantage of his, turning it into a place where he could read, write, and even spend the nights when off duty. In 1928, he won a scholarship offered by the Union of Post Office Workers to enroll on a correspondence course in English at Ruskin College, Oxford. This was to prove a turning point in his career, as it opened the door to literature, and led to his becoming a published writer and a broadcaster.
Evans' settling in Cleobury created a new focus for his family, and he was later joined by his mother and several siblings, probably after the death of his father. However, no descendants of this family now reside in the town.
Literary work.
Starting as a writer of short articles, largely about rural life as experienced by a country postman, Evans soon caught the attention of the BBC and became a regular contributor to programmes on the Midland Service. His broadcasts were heard by Shannie, the daughter of the publisher Heath Cranton who suggested to her father that Evans' work would be worth publishing in book form. A meeting between Cranton, Evans, and Rev. Rope (one of Cranton's existing authors) was arranged, and this resulted in the publication of Evans' first book on 20 March 1931. This was a collection of short items, most of which had already appeared in print or on the air. It was followed by his second book the following year, and three more in the next few years. His first book, "Round About the Crooked Steeple", was the most successful, and the only one to be reprinted, the first reprint being dated 9 April 1931, only 20 days after the first impression. Throughout the 1930s, not only did Evans continue to work as a postman, but he also continued to write for periodicals, mostly local, but also occasionally for national weekly magazines and even daily newspapers. He often re-wrote or re-worked earlier pieces, and re-submitted these for publication elsewhere. A particular idea or anecdote, therefore, might appear in several publications, might also be broadcast on the BBC, and finally end up in one of his books. Four of his books were largely collections of articles which had already been published and broadcast pieces, but one, "Applegarth", was a full-length novel, and one which was so constructed as to admit of a sequel, should the opportunity arise.
Although sometimes referred to as a poet, Evans wrote little poetry, though frequently quoted poems by others in his books. His biographer, Mark Baldwin, has argued that Evans was more of a craftsman than an imaginative writer.
Marriage.
His frequent visits to the BBC studio in Birmingham brought Evans into contact with a professional singer and entertainer, Doris Aldridge, who was working at the time in children's radio as "Aunty Doris". They were married in 1938, and lived in a house in Cleobury Mortimer, built to their own design. Less than two years later, Evans was badly affected by his recurring lung trouble, resulting most likely from the mustard gassing he suffered in the First World War, and died in Selly Oak Hospital in Birmingham on 9 August 1940, the day before what would have been his 45th birthday. He was cremated at nearby Lodge Hill Cemetery and his ashes scattered on Abdon Burf, in the Cleobury neighbourhood. There were no children of the marriage, and his widow soon left Cleobury Mortimer to pursue her professional career. She never remarried, and died in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="20894981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894981" title="Lazım Esmaeili">
Lazım Esmaeili

Lazım Esmaeili (also "Lazem") (1945–28 January 1995) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey, who was found tortured and shot dead by unknown persons in Istanbul.
Esmaelli was born 1945 in Urmia (West Azarbaijan province) in Iran as a son of Selim.
He moved to Turkey and received a work permit from the Ministry of Interior's General Directorate of Security for the period between May 20, 1991 and September 20, 1992. As of September 1991, he was the partner of the Beyazıt Foreign Trade Co. in İstanbul, where he worked as director. On September 11, 1993, he received a
residence permit valid for two years.
On January 15, 1995, he and his friend Askar Simitko, were abducted by unknown persons when they left the casino of Polat Renaissance Hotel in Yeşilköy, İstanbul at local time 03:45. On January 28, 1995, villagers found the corpses of the two in Kerev Creek, Silivri, about far from İstanbul. They were tortured, ears cut and shot multiple times to death. According to the "Second MIT Report" authored by Mehmet Eymür, the incident's motive was not political but drug trafficking in connection with the Susurluk scandal gang. Eymür later said that Esmaeili and Simitko had been killed by a team led by Abdullah Çatlı.

</doc>
<doc id="20894986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894986" title="Radon–Riesz property">
Radon–Riesz property

The Radon–Riesz property is a mathematical property for normed spaces that helps ensure convergence in norm. Given two assumptions (essentially weak convergence and continuity of norm), we would like to ensure convergence in the norm topology.
Definition.
Suppose that ("X", ||·||) is a normed space. We say that "X" has the "Radon–Riesz property" (or that "X" is a "Radon–Riesz space") if whenever formula_1 is a sequence in the space and formula_2 is a member of "X" such that formula_1 converges weakly to formula_2 and formula_5, then formula_1 converges to formula_2 in norm; that is, formula_8.
Other names.
Although it would appear that Johann Radon was one of the first to make significant use of this property in 1913, M. I. Kadets and V. L. Klee also used versions of the Radon–Riesz property to make advancements in Banach space theory in the late 1920s. It is common for the Radon–Riesz property to also be referred to as the Kadets–Klee property or property (H). According to Robert Megginson, the letter H does not stand for anything. It was simply referred to as property (H) in a list of properties for normed spaces that starts with (A) and ends with (H). This list was given by K. Fan and I. Glicksberg. The "Riesz" part of the name refers to Frigyes Riesz. He also made some use of this property in the 1920s.
Example.
Every real Hilbert space is a Radon–Riesz space. Indeed, suppose that "H" is a real Hilbert space and that formula_9 is a sequence in "H" converging weakly to a member formula_10 of "H". Using the two assumptions on the sequence and the fact that
and letting "n" tend to infinity, we see that 
Thus "H" is a Radon–Riesz space.

</doc>
<doc id="20894999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20894999" title="Haren railway station">
Haren railway station

Haren is a railway station located in Haren, the Netherlands. The current station was opened on 29 September 1968 and is located on the Meppel–Groningen railway. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
A previous railway station serviced Haren between 15 May 1936, when the Meppel–Groningen railway line was opened, and 15 May 1936. The line was operated at the time by the Company for the Exploitation of the State Railways. The former station was closed because of its distance to the village. The new station, at a new location, was opened in 1968 after a new neighbourhood was built near the railway line.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Haren:

</doc>
<doc id="20895001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895001" title="Wahidi Azzan">
Wahidi Azzan

Wahidi Azzan, officially the Wahidi Sultanate of Azzan, was one of four Wahidi sultanates in the area that eventually became the Aden Protectorate. It was established in 1830 and existed until May 4, 1881, when it became a part of Wahidi Balhaf.

</doc>
<doc id="20895018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895018" title="Paľo Bielik">
Paľo Bielik

Paľo Bielik (December 11, 1910 – April 23, 1983), also known as Jan Bukva, was a Slovak film director, screenwriter and actor. He was one of notable personalities in the time of beginnings of slovak cinematography. He was born in Banská Bystrica, then part of Czechoslovakia. At the start he played amateur theatre in Banská Bystrica. In the role of Jánošík eponymous game by Jiří Mahen, Karol Plicka noticed him and recommended for the title role in the film Jánošík (1936) to Martin Frič. It was the second film of the legendary story about the famous highwayman. The success of the film led Bielik to a professional theatrical career in the Slovak National Theatre. (1939 - 1941). During the war, he began to deal with short films and in 1945 he became a director of feature films. After his debut he starred in several other films of this important director (Hordubalové, Čapkove poviedky). During the filming of the movie directed by Frinč, which was first ever movie produced in Slovakia, 'Varúj!', Bielik was his co-director and also played one of the main characters. During the war Palo Bielik began shooting short films, and later devoted himself to the creation of successful full-length shots. Along with Karol Krško he filmed a documentary film 'For freedom', in which were used footage of the Slovak National Uprising.
Bielik worked with an authentic material on his first feature film, 'Vlčie diery', made 1948. The Union of Czechoslovak Army and guerrillas assisted him in creating the film. In the film played a team of excellent actors like Ladislav Slovak Chudík, Joseph Budský, Francis Dibarbora, Ťapák Martin and many others. To the theme of war Palo Bielik returned in movie 'Štyridsaťštyri' made in 1957. As an award of this movie he received a special honorable mention and the FIPRESCI Prize at the 11th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1958. In 1959 he made the legendary film Captain Dabač, in main role with Ladislav Chudík.
In the sixties, Palo Bielik revived Janosik in the third film version, which is the jewel of Slovak cinematography. Movie filmed in 1962 and 1963 on the occasion of the 250th Janosik death anniversary.
The last movies of Palo Bielik as a movie director were the dramatic story of Master Executioner (1966) and Three witnesses 1968.
The films of Slovak actor and director were mostly ballad stories of strong, vibrant characters, mostly ended fatally.
Awards:
1958 FIPRESCI Prize for film Forty-four (11 IFF Karlovy Vary)
1968 title of national artist
Filmography
1947 Capek's Tales (1947)
1947 warns ...! (Andrew Muranica)
1935 Janosik (Juraj Janosik)
Directed by:
1943 Synthetic fibers
1943 The health worker
1943 under the open sky
1945 For Freedom
1946 Cormorant Island
1947 warns ...!
1948 Vlčie holes
1950 reservoir
1952 Lazy are moved
1954 Friday the thirteenth
1957 Forty-four
1959 Captain Dabač
1962 - 1963 Janosik
1966 Master Executioner
1968 Three witnesses
scenario:
1966 Master Executioner
1963 Janosik
1957 Forty-four
1948 Vlčie holes

</doc>
<doc id="20895020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895020" title="Passau–Hauzenberg railway">
Passau–Hauzenberg railway

The Passau–Erlau–Hauzenberg railway is a single-tracked branch line in the Regensburg railway division with a branch to Erlau–Obernzell(–Wegscheid), which was partially operated as rack railway using the Strub rack system.
The granite route.
The originally planned course for this railway was quite different. In 1895 the intention was for a line that branched off the Freyung railway at Fischhaus and ran via Büchlberg and Hauzenberg to Wegscheid. This would have entailed a long detour and a climb of 130 metres. Because the costs would have been too high, a link between Wegscheid and Hauzenberg was not essential, the present-day route was proposed. Approval for its construction was issued on 30 June 1900.
The Passau–Erlau–Hauzenberg railway.
Between Passau Hauptbahnhof and the suburb of Voglau the railway shares its tracks with Wels–Passau railway. Due to the restricted amount of space the railway branches shortly before Maximilians bridge (a railway bridge over the Inn) with into a backshunt ("Spitzkehre", see table photo) at the 1.0 km marker. From there it runs along the Inn on the edge of the village of Innstadt over the Rosenau until just before the border with Austria at Achleiten. It was here between 1900 and 1903 that the Kräutelstein bridge was built over the Danube by the firms of Hellinger and MAN. From now on railway passengers could enjoy the full splendour of the Danube to their left as they travelled through Löwmühle (formerly a halt) to Erlau. From here the line climbed uphill alongside the Erlau river to Hauzenberg. The station at Erlau was only provided with one platform, which was not helpful for the subsequent crossing of trains from Wegscheid and Hauzenberg. Just as difficult was the working service. The railway reached Schaibing station through a 34 m long tunnel, but the village of Schaibing was a long way off and the station and this acted mainly as a loading and unloading site for goods from and to the surrounding villages. The line continued up the Erlau valley as far as Kaindlmühle and from here it followed the Staffelbach stream to Oberdiendorf. However the village was on the hill, the station in the valley, and goods were transported to the station using a cable car. The railway then ran through the woods via Knödlsöd (former halt at 23.5 km), past Freiflächen, to Hauzenberg. On 18 April 1904 the first train ran from Passau to Erlau. Hauzenberg lies at a height of 177.7 m above the Passau Hauptbahnhof, so inclines of 1:50 from Erlau and 1:40 from Kaindlmühle had to be overcome. The climb to the Kräutelstein bridge was also steep.
The Erlau–Obernzell–Wegscheid railway.
The Erlau–Obernzell railway ran picturesquely along the Danube until it swung away into the mountains towards Wegscheid at Obernzell (300 m above NN) over the viaduct (demolished in 1982). From there it entered the rack railway section between 5.67 and 9.48 km from the start, running uphill to Untergriesbach (542,7m above NN), on through curves with radii as little as 200 m, and on inclines of up to 25 promille on the adhesion section to Withterwasser (535,0 m ü. NN) in order to overcome the height difference. Next came another rack section (70 promille) from 17.29 to 19.67 km before it reached Wegscheid (574,2 m above NN). For this railway, special steam locomotives were built, even during the planning and construction stages, by the firm of Krauss in Munich. These were Class PtzL 3/4 locomotives, passenger tank engines with a rack railway system, three of the four axles being driven, with the works numbers 4101–4003, 8033. Later they were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn and operated as numbers 97 101 to 104 from Bw Passau. The first loco was delivered in 1912, two more quickly followed but the fourth was not supplied until 1923. The running speed on adhesion sections of the line was just 30 km/h, and on the rack railway sections 12 km/h.
With construction of the B 388 federal highway and the introduction of buses and lorries the retention of the railway was contested. Attempts were made to utilise the lines capacity better, in 1951 using Büssing "road-rail buses ("Schi-Stra-Bus") and in 1957 using the rack railway variant of the Uerdingen railbus, the VT97 901–903 (later Class 798 with rack drive). However in 1960, the DB placed buses in parallel working and made plans for the line's closure. These might possibly have been rejected, however the line became impassable as the result of a rockfall on 28 January 1965 and it was dismantled in 1975.
The railway would have still been important today, because granite and graphite are mined in this area. The agricultural and forestry industries transport a large amount of produce by road and the line would also have been useful for tourism. One section of the railway is, like so many branch lines today, a footpath and cycle way. The Erlau–Obernzell line still exists as does the Passau–Hauzenberg railway, but since the floods in 2002 they have been closed. The DB refuses to reactivate it; repairs to the section at Innstadt are however are manageable. This section was renewed only a few months before the flood, as can be still be seen today from the light-coloured ballast. The Passau Railway Society as well as a citizen's lobby are fighting for the retention of these lines.
The station of Wegscheid has been modelled in 1:87 (HO gauge) scale as at 1955 by the Passau Railway Society and may be viewed at Passau's main station, the Hauptbahnhof.

</doc>
<doc id="20895022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895022" title="M60 highway (Russia)">
M60 highway (Russia)

The Russian route M60 is a federal highway in Russia, and it is part of the Trans-Siberian Highway. It runs from Khabarovsk to Vladivostok with a total length of 760 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20895034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895034" title="Peter Lewis (rugby league)">
Peter Lewis (rugby league)

Peter Lewis is a rugby league player. His position of preference is at Centre.
Early years.
A junior from Wellington's Upper Hutt, Lewis was signed by the Auckland Warriors in 1998 and moved to Auckland. In Auckland he played for the Warriors unbeaten reserve grade side in 1998 and was good enough to be selected for the Junior Kiwis. He attracted some interest from Australian clubs in 1999 but opted to remain with the Warriors. His decision was rewarded as he finally cracked first grade and played eleven games for the club. In the weeks he was not selected by the Warriors he played for Brisbane Souths in the Queensland Cup or Auckland North in the National Provincial Competition. In 2000 he played for the Mt Albert Lions in the Bartercard Cup.
In Australia.
Not wanted by the Warriors, Lewis moved to Australia in 2003, signing with the Penrith Panthers. Here he played two first grade games and also turned out for the St Mary's Cougars in the NSWRL Premier League.
He left the Panthers in 2005, signing a one year contract with the Parramatta Eels. He played in pre-season trials for the first grade team but spent the season in the Premier League. However his form was good enough to earn a new contract for 2006. In 2006 he returned to first grade, playing two games for the Eels. However he then returned to Premier League competition.
International.
In 1999 he was selected by the New Zealand Māori and played against Great Britain.
However in 2000 he decided to represent the Cook Islands, playing in the 2000 World Cup. 
In 2004 he was again the subject of a tug of war, with the NSW Māori and the Cook Islands both selecting him in their squads for the 2004 Oceanic Pacifica Rugby League Tournament. He opted to play for the Cook Islands.
In 2006 Lewis again represented the Cook Islands, playing in the team that failed to qualify for the 2008 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20895035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895035" title="Family Π">
Family Π

Family Π is a group of New Testament manuscripts. It belongs to the Byzantine text-type as one of the textual families of this group. The name of the family came from the symbol of Codex Petropolitanus — Π. Hermann von Soden designated this group by symbol Ka. According to von Soden, its text is not purely Byzantine.
Soden included in this group of codices: Cyprius (K), Petropolitanus (Π), 72, 114, 116, 178, 265, 389, 1008, 1009, 1079, 1154, 1200, 1219, 1346, 1398. Lake added to this group of manuscripts: 489, 537, 652, 775, 796, 904, 1478, 1500, 1546, 1561, 1781, 1816. Soden also associated Codex Alexandrinus with this group. Wisse lists about 150 witnesses of the family, but the majority of them belong to this family only in some parts of their text. The Peshitta, in the Gospels, represents this family.
Some manuscripts are related to the family: Minuscule 706. In the Pericope Adultera, Tommy Wasserman found Family Π to include 581, 1272, 1306, 1571, 1627, 1690, 1699, and 2463.
It is one of the most distinct of the Byzantine sub-groups and the third largest. It is very old. The oldest Byzantine manuscripts belong to this family.
Some manuscripts represent this family in some parts: 2278.
Group profile.
According to the Claremont Profile Method group Π has following profile in Luke 1, 10, and 20:

</doc>
<doc id="20895045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895045" title="Nikolai Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov">
Nikolai Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov

Nikolai Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov was a Chief Designer of the Soviet Design Bureau OKB-276 which deals with the development, manufacture and distribution of equipment, especially aircraft engines, turbines and gearboxes.
Biography.
Kuznetsov started his career as a professional coppersmith and he began working as a mechanic. In 1930 graduated from the school and enrolled at the "Moscow Aviation College" where he studied part time and worked as a mechanic. In 1933, he joined the Air Technical School in the Motor Branch of "VVIA of Zhukovsky". There he studied under Prof. Nikolai Jegorowitsch Schukowski - then the head of the department for aircraft engines research, and Kuznetsov received a degree with honors in November 1938.
The topic of his diploma there was on motors: four carburettor, 28-cylinder with a 4star aircooled power of 1500 hp at 3400 rpm and at an altitude of 6000 meters with two-high-speed driven centrifugal blowers.
In April 1939, Kuznetsov became a member of Communist Party organization of the academy and was elected a faculty. On 4th of April 1941 he successfully defended his thesis on the structural integrity of aircraft engines. In the period from July to September 1942 he trained under a senior engineer of 239 fighter division 6th air force who met George Malenkov and praised the ability of Kuznetsov and subsequently sent his deputy to become a Designer at the Ufa Aviation Plant.
Here Kuznetsov worked from 1943 to 1949 first under the leadership of Klimov then as chief designer. In 1949 he was transferred to Kuybyshev (currently the City of Samara) which is headed by the State union pilot plant number 2 on the development and manufacture of advanced jet engines now known as "N. D. Kuznetsova Samara Scientific and Technical Complex". There he worked with Sergei Pavlovich Korolev, the famous Soviet rocket designer.
Contributions.
After World War II, captured German turbine specialists were brought along with some of the gas turbines to the Soviet Union. In addition to the already established Jumo 004 and BMW 003 engines they brought along the design documents and plans of Jumo 022 project.
In 1949, Kuznetsov was appointed as chief designer of jet engines at OKB-276 ("Experimental design bureau-276") and started developing turboprop designs further with the help of the German specialists.
It proved to be a successful engine and was completed in 1955. The new turboprop engine, named Kuznetsov NK-12, displayed great performance and was developed up to 11,000 kW. It was used in the Antonov An-22 aircraft, A-90 Orlyonok Ekranoplane and the Tupolev Tu-95 strategic bomber among others. The later models produced around 15,000 kW. 
In 1954, he began work on a two-flow jet engine with afterburner, called the Kuznetsov NK-6, which was never completed.
In 1957, He received the Order of Hero of Socialist Labor for his contributions.
From 1959 onwards, he was also involved in the development of engines for the projected Soviet N1 moon rocket. The primary engines for the development rockets were Kuznetsov NK-15 and Kuznetsov NK-15V (later developed into Kuznetsov NK-33 and Kuznetsov NK-43). Ultimately, these designs were successful but arrived too late. By the time the bugs in this very advanced design, which to this day has the highest thrust to weight ratio of any liquid fuel rocket engine ever produced were rectified, the N1 rocket program had been cancelled. The S. P. Korolev Rocket and Space Corporation Energia now manufactures RD-180 engines, based on the NK-15, for Atlas V rockets, under contract to United Launch Alliance.
In the 1960s he developed aircraft engines specifically for the world's first supersonic transport aircraft to fly Tupolev Tu-144, the Kuznetsov NK-144 turbofan. This was however inefficient and replaced by a Kolesov turbojet.
Based on these design experiences, the engine Kuznetsov NK-321 (also known as NK-32-1) was developed later for the supersonic, variable-geometry heavy bomber Tupolev Tu-160, which is also in the more powerful version of the Tupolev Tu-144 (version Tu-144LL).
In the late 1980s OKB- 267 began the development of the fuel sipping Turbo Fan Engine Kuznetsov NK-93, which has a by-pass ratio of almost 17:1 and thus an engine of a unique design in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20895052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895052" title="Bithynia pauli">
Bithynia pauli

Bithynia pauli is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20895054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895054" title="Harlingen railway station">
Harlingen railway station

Harlingen is a railway station located in Harlingen, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 27 October 1863 and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway. The services are operated by Arriva. 600m west of this station is Harlingen Haven, the terminus of the line. From Harlingen Haven there are ferry connections to Terschelling and Vlieland.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Harlingen:

</doc>
<doc id="20895058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895058" title="Kev Koom Siab">
Kev Koom Siab

Kev Koom Siab was the first Hmong language public affairs television program on US television. The series was produced at Twin Cities Public Television and Saint Paul Neighborhood Network from 1992 to 2003. The programs are currently stored for historical and cultural reference at the Hmong Archives at Concordia University, Saint Paul, in St Paul, Minnesota.
Episode links <br>
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6YsbQ2KNBw <br>
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T-WBRvo_Qs <br>
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M38Ap3tJG48

</doc>
<doc id="20895070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895070" title="Bithynia canyamelensis">
Bithynia canyamelensis

Bithynia canyamelensis is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20895073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895073" title="Bithynia riddifordi">
Bithynia riddifordi

Bithynia riddifordi is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20895075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895075" title="Bithynia manonellesi">
Bithynia manonellesi

Bithynia manonellesi is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20895078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895078" title="Ronald Ramsay">
Ronald Ramsay

Ronald Erskine Ramsay was the first Suffragan Bishop of Malmesbury, with the additional title of Archdeacon of Swindon, from 1927 until 1946. 
He was born on 4 November 1882 and educated at St Edmund Hall, Oxford. Ordained in 1909 his first post was a curacy in Lozells. Later Warden of the "Clifton College Mission", he served during World War I as a chaplain to the Forces. Following this he was Clerical Secretary to the "Bristol Board of Finance" until his ordination to the episcopate. A man of deep compassion, he retired in 1946 and died on 26 March 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20895088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895088" title="G-Force (video game)">
G-Force (video game)

G-Force is a video game based on the film of the same name.
Plot.
The game based on the movie, which takes place after the team escapes from the pet store, Juarez and Blaster's new home, and Kip and other FBI agents, gives players the ability to play as Darwin and Mooch to fight against Leonard Saber, the evil billionaire and his robot "household appliances" army.
The PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 versions feature an anaglyph-based stereoscopic 3-D mode, and were packaged with two sets of 3-D glasses.
Differences between the Movie and Game.
Fans of the movie and players of the game have noticed several differences between the movie and in the game:
Reception.
G-Force received mixed reviews, with a Metacritic average of 68% (based on 33 reviews).
Some liked the game's 3D mode. GamesMaster magazine in the UK said: "Don't underestimate the wow factor of the 3D mode - if this is the future of games, sign us up." They gave it 77%. IT Reviews, on the other hand, said "The 3D glasses bundled in are a gimmick at best, a one-way trip to a headache at worst." But on the positive side, they also concluded that "G-Force is decent, solid, chipper family entertainment."
GameSpot said: "Fun combat and crafty puzzles make this a good companion to the blockbuster movie." 
The more negative reviews criticised the game for being "predictably devoid of ambition" (X360 Magazine in the UK). Game Revolution criticised its "repetitive puzzle design bland visuals."

</doc>
<doc id="20895096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895096" title="Harlingen Haven railway station">
Harlingen Haven railway station

Harlingen Haven is a terminus railway station located in Harlingen, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 27 October 1863 and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway. The services are operated by Arriva. Ferry services to Vlieland and Terschelling depart from near the station. 600m east of this station is Harlingen station.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Harlingen Haven:

</doc>
<doc id="20895099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895099" title="Otto Lechner">
Otto Lechner

Otto Lechner (born February 25, 1964) is an Austrian accordionist.
Lechner taught himself to play the accordion starting at age four. He has been blind since age 15. Lechner is currently a member of the group Accordion Tribe and musical director of two ensembles in Vienna, Otto's Jazz Ensemble and Das Erste Wiener Strenge Kammerorchester. He lives in Vienna with his partner and collaborator, Anne Bennent.

</doc>
<doc id="20895106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895106" title="Alysheba Stakes">
Alysheba Stakes

The Alysheba Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Churchill Downs racetrack in Louisville, Kentucky. The Alysheba became the most recent addition to the Derby Week stakes lineup as it joined the schedule in 2004 and is currently run on the undercard of the Kentucky Oaks, the day before the Kentucky Derby. It was the first stakes to join the Derby Week lineup since 1997. The event is named for the talented 1987 Kentucky Derby winner and United States Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Alysheba, who returned to the Downs in 1988 to win the Breeders' Cup Classic. His victory marked the first time a Derby winner had returned to Churchill to win a stakes since Whirlaway took the 1942 Clark Handicap. He was later honored at the track that fall as he retired as the sports leading money earner, $6,679,242. The stakes received graded status in 2007. The Grade II event is open to horses age three and older and is contested on dirt over a distance of 1 1/16 miles (8.5 furlongs).
Records.
Speed record: 
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="20895119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895119" title="Shawasha">
Shawasha

Shawasha was a chiefdom in Zimbabwe. It was founded by the Chinamora Dynasty, who settled there around 1744. It became a part of the British Mashonaland protectorate in 1889. Its royal line continued to 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20895126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895126" title="Kabrousse">
Kabrousse

Kabrousse (also spelled Cabrousse) is a village in the rural community of Diembéring, Oussouye, Ziguinchor, Casamance, Senegal.
It is a coastal village located a few kilometers south of Cap Skirring. In a straight line, it is the closest place in Africa to South America.
History.
Kabrousse was once the kingdom seat of the Jola people.
Administration.
Kabrousse is divided into three areas: Mossor, Kadiakaye and Nialou.
Geography.
The nearest towns are Mossor, Nialon, Sucujaque, Nhiquim, Varela and Acuminca.
Population.
According to PEPAM (Water and Sanitation Program for the Millennium), there are 1352 people and 188 households in Kabrousse.
Economy.
With its beach and typical Jola architecture, Kabrousse's economy runs primarily on tourism.
Notable inhabitants.
Aline Sitoe Diatta, queen and heroine of the Casamance resistance, was born in Nialou in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20895140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895140" title="Val Diamond">
Val Diamond

Val Diamond (born 1951) is a stage performer and San Francisco icon. She is best known for her role in the stage musical, "Beach Blanket Babylon".
Life and career.
Diamond grew up in Castro Valley, California, the daughter of Harold and Lilly. Her father is Jewish and her mother is an Italian immigrant. She began her acting career in high school, playing Medea in "Medea" and Anna in "The King and I". After high school, she performed with a rock band, touring the country from 1970 to 1978.
After Diamond tired of life on the road, her friend, Shelly Werk, convinced her to audition for "Beach Blanket Babylon". Werk was already a cast member. Steve Silver, the creator of the show, wanted Diamond despite the objections of the dance captain. Diamond speculates, "I didn't look like most of the people who were in the show. I was heavyset and I think that bothered them 'cause there was a lot of dancing for me. But I can dance. Women that aren't Twiggy-thin can still dance."
Diamond had her first of over 10,000 performances in "Beach Blanket Babylon" on January 17, 1979. Diamond has played numerous roles in the show. She is best known for singing "San Francisco" at the end of the show wearing a tremendous hat depicting numerous San Francisco landmarks. In 1983, she performed at Davies Symphony Hall for Queen Elizabeth II.
Diamond married the "Beach Blanket Babylon" trumpet player, Steve Salgo, in 1987. They live in Sonoma.
An article in the October 2, 2009, "San Francisco Chronicle" reported that Diamond's run with "Beach Blanket Babylon" had come to an end, with her final performance on September 23, 2009. The show's producers, according to the article, did not give a reason.

</doc>
<doc id="20895158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895158" title="Olszewski tube">
Olszewski tube

An Olszewski tube is an artificially installed water outlet designed to siphon anoxic water from the hypolimnion, the bottom of lake, to combat the negative effect of high nutrient load in the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20895170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895170" title="Jack W. Peltason">
Jack W. Peltason

Jack W. Peltason was the president of the University of California, and former chancellor of the University of California, Irvine.

</doc>
<doc id="20895178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895178" title="Saint Mark's School">
Saint Mark's School

Saint Mark's is a coeducational, independent, kindergarten-eighth grade school in San Rafael, California, in Marin County. The school was established by an Episcopal parish in 1980. Within a few years, it moved away from the Episcopal Church and is now an independent school with no religious affiliation. Joe Harvey has been head of school since 2011, succeeding Damon Kerby, who had served as head since 1987.
Special programs and curriculum.
Saint Mark's provides hands-on learning, Guided Reading in the lower grades, daily physical education, a chess program, social and emotional learning (SEL), and visual arts, drama, and music. School plays are performed at the Marin County Civic Center's Showcase Theater. The school has adopted the Bridges math program 
Saint Mark’s offers curricular Mandarin beginning in kindergarten. 
Famous persons who have spoken at the school include Melba Pattillo Beals, astronaut Leroy Chiao, Holocaust survivor Dora Apsan Sorrel, and Olympic swimmer Matt Biondi.
In 2006, Saint Mark's initiated Northern California's only all-female chess tournament.
School partnerships.
The school has built a global education program that is supported by local and international relationships.
In 2000, Saint Mark's established a partnership with eSibonisweni Primary School in KwaZulu, South Africa. In addition to raising funds for food programs, school supplies, and infrastructure projects, Saint Mark's sends a delegation to eSibonisweni every other year; the group consists of faculty members, parents, and students, who do joint academic and art projects and assist with building maintenance and beautification. In 2011, six students and five teachers were brought to the United States to spend two weeks at Saint Mark's.
The program has no overhead costs for either school, so all funds raised and goods provided go directly to those who need them. Saint Mark's has helped other independent schools develop similar partnerships.
In 2003, Saint Mark’s partnered with Canal Alliance, a nonprofit center supporting the Hispanic community in Marin County on immigration and education issues. The two organizations created an ongoing language-tutoring exchange between students. 
Saint Mark's also has a teaching-exchange relationship with Beijing No. 2 Experimental Primary School. In fall 2008, the school welcomed its first guest from Beijing, Ms. Liying Ma.
Environmental stewardship.
The school has made environmental awareness part of its program and has a native-butterfly habitat garden and an organic fruit, vegetable, and flower garden that has been recognized by Marin Master Gardeners as a model for school gardens. The garden program has its own teacher and has been integrated into the curriculum for Lower and Middle School.
Accreditation and memberships.
Saint Mark's is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools and the California Association of Independent Schools. In 2008, CAIS accredited Saint Mark's for six years.

</doc>
<doc id="20895191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895191" title="Radix linae">
Radix linae

Radix linae is a species of freshwater snail, a gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20895192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895192" title="Radix jordii">
Radix jordii

Radix jordii is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Lymnaeidae, the pond snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Balearic Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20895210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895210" title="Imperativus Pro Infinitivo">
Imperativus Pro Infinitivo

Imperativus Pro Infinitivo (IPI) is a syntactical feature in which a verbal form superficially resembling the imperative is realized, instead of the expected infinitive.
The Imperativus Pro Infinitivo is a remarkable feature of, for example the Frisian languages.
The sentences reads in English "Yesterday I did not feel like making dinner myself".

</doc>
<doc id="20895212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895212" title="Ken Clark and Randy Sloan">
Ken Clark and Randy Sloan

Ken Clark and Randy Sloan co-founded "The North Bay Business Journal" in 1987. "The Business Journal", headquartered in Santa Rosa, California, is a weekly newspaper covering local business news in Sonoma, Marin and Napa counties. Clark served as publisher and Sloan as editor. They sold "The North Bay Business Journal" to The New York Times Company in 2005.
The two also founded the "680 Business Journal" in 1996, which they sold to American City Business Journals in 2001.
Ken Clark serves on the Dean’s advisory board of the School of Business and Economics at Sonoma State University, the advisory board of Presidio Bank in San Francisco, and the Board of Directors of the Golden State Land Conservancy. He also served on the Board of Directors of the North Bay Leadership Council (2000–2007) and the Board of Directors of the Santa Rosa Chamber of Commerce (2003–2007). He retired from The New York Times Co. in 2007 and resides in Santa Rosa.
Randy Sloan served on the Board of Directors of the Sonoma County Alliance from 2003-2005. He splits his time between Jalisco and Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20895216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895216" title="David P. Gardner">
David P. Gardner

David Pierpont Gardner (born March 24, 1933) was the 15th president of the University of California and was also the president of the University of Utah.
Biography.
Gardner was born in Berkeley, California, to Reed S. Gardner and Margaret Pierpont Gardner. He married Elizabeth (Libby) Fuhriman in 1958. They had four daughters (Karen, Shari, Lisa, and Marci) before Libby's death in 1991. He married Sheila S. Rogers in 1995.
Gardner is an active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and contributed to the "Encyclopedia of Mormonism".
Gardner's bachelors degree in political science, history, and geography was earned at Brigham Young University in 1955. He went on to the University of California, Berkeley, to obtain an MA in political science in 1959 and a PhD in higher education in 1966.
He was appointed as Assistant to the Chancellor at UC Santa Barbara (UCSB) before completing his PhD, and accepted a joint appointment as Assistant Chancellor and Professor of Higher Education at UCSB in 1967. He moved to UCB as the Vice President for Public Service Programs and University Dean of University Extension for UCB in 1971, then became the Vice President for Extended Academic and Public Service Programs in the Office of the President (UC System wide) in 1972.
Gardner left the University of California to become the president of the University of Utah in 1973.
He stayed there until he returned to the University of California in 1983 as President. His wife Libby was named Associate to the President, and he worked with her closely. He resigned after her death in 1991 (effective in 1992), stating that he could not continue without her. He was given a controversial retirement package worth nearly $2.4 million [http://articles.latimes.com/1992-04-03/news/mn-265_1_retirement-package]
Gardner served as President of the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation from 1993 to 1999. He became a professor of educational leadership and policy in the Graduate School of Education at the University of Utah in 2001. He was also the chair of National Commission on Excellence in Education, whose members wrote the well-known educational document, "A Nation at Risk".

</doc>
<doc id="20895218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895218" title="Maungwe">
Maungwe

Maungwe was a chiefdom in Zimbabwe. It was founded by the Makoni Dynasty around 1635. It became a part of the British Mashonaland protectorate in 1889 but its royal line lasted until at least 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="20895223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895223" title="Paweł Sobczak">
Paweł Sobczak

Paweł Sobczak (born June 4, 1969 in Lubraniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian) is a retired field hockey goalkeeper from Poland, who was a member of the Men's National Team that ended up in twelfth and last place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The team had qualified by surprise for the Games by defeating bigger names like New Zealand at the 2000 Men's Field Hockey Olympic Qualifier in Osaka, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20895251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895251" title="Paweł Jakubiak">
Paweł Jakubiak

Paweł Jakubiak (born December 28, 1974 in Poznań, Wielkopolskie) is a field hockey defender from Poland, who was a member of the Men's National Team that ended up in twelfth and last place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The team had qualified by surprise for the Games by defeating bigger names like New Zealand at the 2000 Men's Field Hockey Olympic Qualifier in Osaka, Japan.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20895254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895254" title="Bocha Chiefdom">
Bocha Chiefdom

Bocha was a chiefdom in Zimbabwe. It was founded some time before 1750. It became a part of the British Mashonaland protectorate in 1889.
References.
World Statesmen.org

</doc>
<doc id="20895255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895255" title="Allodapula">
Allodapula

Allodapula is a genus of bees in the family Apidae, subfamily Xylocopinae. They are similar in appearance, around 7mm in length, with swarthy head and thorax, contrasting with the brown abdomen. After the removal of a number of former species into other genera, the genus as presently defined occurs only in Africa.
Biology.
The nest is inside a hollow weed or shrub stalk, and the tip of the abdomen is used to close off the nest entrance. A set of eggs are laid inside the plant stalk, in quick succession, so as to hatch together. They are placed at about the same height, above the bottom of the nest. The larvae are fed on pollen, which like other bees, is carried on hairs of the hind pair of legs. The larvae are mostly fed progressively, but being clumped together, they feed on a common food mass. 

</doc>
<doc id="20895257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895257" title="1975 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1975 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 1st Metro Manila Film Festival, also known then as the 1975 Metropolitan Film Festival, was held on September 21, 1975 in Manila to commemorate the third anniversary of the continuation of Martial Law.
JE’s "Dilingin mo ng Hamog ang Uhaw na Lupa" won the Best Picture award. Joseph Estrada (for "Diligin") and Charito Solis (for "Araw-Araw, Gabi-gabi") won the Best Actor and Best Actress respectively.
Nora Aunor's entry, NV Productions’ "Batu-Bato sa Langit" (directed by Luciano B. Carlos), was a hit and won as 3rd Best Picture. Vilma Santos, on the other hand, gave a notable performance in Roma Films' "Karugtong ang Kahapon".
That time, Nora and Vilma were in their peak, their career and the movies they made were being followed closely, compared, watched, praised, scrutinized both by fans and critics. Their storied and fierce rivalry dominated our movie industry for years. In fact, one could argue that even to this day, a Filipino movie fan is either a Noranian or a Vilmanian.

</doc>
<doc id="20895258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895258" title="1996 ABC Under-22 Championship">
1996 ABC Under-22 Championship

The ABC Under-22 Championship 1996 is the 2nd edition of the ABC's championship for young men basketball. The games were held at Shanghai from November 1–9, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20895265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895265" title="Christopher Blenkinsop">
Christopher Blenkinsop

Christopher Blenkinsop (born 7 March 1963) is an English-German writer, composer, musician and producer, and a member of the band 17 Hippies.
Biography.
Born in Manila (Philippines) to an English mother and German father, Blenkinsop led a nomadic existence throughout his childhood living in Cairo, Teheran, Singapore, Jakarta, before his family finally settled in then West Germany in the late 1970s, where he finished high school.
As a member of a musical family, Blenkinsop was given classical music training from a young age. However, when his mother died when he was 14, he "stopped all classical music ... let hair grow long and started playing bass in rock bands." Nevertheless, his strong musical foundation meant that he found he was able to play other instruments with ease and so became a popular stand in musician for bands.
"People would often say, 'You sit in with this band and play whatever is needed'. I played clarinet in one band, accordion in another. I played in a pick-up band for US artists touring in Europe - we did acoustic or electric set-ups where I played guitar, or bass or piano."
He is a composer for theatre and film music, and presently co-founder and musical head of the Berlin based band 17 Hippies. Blenkinsop currently lives in Berlin, Germany.
He is a grandnephew of Arthur Blenkinsop.

</doc>
<doc id="20895279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895279" title="List of airlines of Ontario">
List of airlines of Ontario

This is a list of operating airlines that are based in Ontario which have an Air Operator's Certificate issued by Transport Canada, the country's civil aviation authority. 

</doc>
<doc id="20895292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895292" title="Lunden De'Leon">
Lunden De'Leon

Lunden De'Leon is an American actress, model, music entrepreneur, filmmaker and politician. 
Life and career.
De'Leon has appeared in indie films and television shows like The Ladies Room, Surviving Paradise, Fury, Double D Avenger, Faux-Pas, Cryptz, Kickin Chicken, and Just Shoot Me. De'Leon went on to create and executive produce a number of independent films like the suspense thriller "Irrebuttable Presumption," "Undercover" and "Veronica's Secret."
In fall 2003, De'Leon started her record label Dirrty Records. Later she opened a southeastern division of the label called Dirrty Records South celebrating music of the south. 
In May 2004, De'Leon was inducted into the Caribbean Hall of Fame and Los Angeles Mayor James K. Hahn issued a special proclamation declaring February 7 as Lunden De'Leon Day in the City of Los Angeles. 
In 2008, De'Leon ran for County Councilwoman in her home state of South Carolina where she’s also the President of the Democratic Women’s Council. 
In 2009, De'Leon recorded the dance song "Turn it Up" which hit the top 10 charts as one of the most downloaded songs by DJ's around the world. 
In July 2009, De'Leon started Palmetto Film Studios, a film production and distribution company based in South Carolina. The company released the drama "Last of a Dying Breed", the horror movie "Stifle", "Kill Jill", and "Between Brothers".
In August 2012, De'Leon was cast in the GMC movie "Somebody's Child".
In 2013, De'Leon appeared in the film "We're the Millers", alongside Jennifer Aniston, Ed Helms, and Jason Sudeikis.

</doc>
<doc id="20895294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895294" title="Yale Airport">
Yale Airport

Yale Airport is a public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Yale, a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Yale Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 814 feet (248 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with a turf surface measuring 2,300 by 110 feet (701 x 34 m). For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2009, the airport had 200 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 16 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="20895301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895301" title="Landing at Lae">
Landing at Lae

The Landing at Lae was an amphibious landing to the east of Lae in the Salamaua-Lae campaign of World War II between 4–6 September 1943. It was part of Operation POSTERN which was designed to capture the Japanese base at Lae. Rear Admiral Daniel Barby was in command of Task Force 76 which landed the Australian 9th Division on the beaches. The Australian soldiers and their supplies were moved close to the area by planes, prior to the beach landings. This was described at the time by war correspondent Frank Klukhorn, of the New York Times, as "...one of the greatest achievements in any theatre of war." 
Extensive planning had gone into the Salamaua-Lae campaign. The landing sites identified were Red Beach to the east of the mouth of the Busu River and Yellow Beach (near Malahang). Maps and models of the landing sites were made, and kept closely guarded. Soldiers were made familiar with models of the beaches they would be landing at, but the names of the beaches were kept secret.
The 9th Division quickly established a beachhead and began a pincer advance towards Lae with the Australian 7th Division. The amphibious landing was unopposed by Imperial Japanese land forces who were short of food and ammunition. Japanese bombers staged an air attack on the second wave of amphibious landings, and killed about 100 Allied naval and army personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="20895302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895302" title="2008–09 in men's cyclo-cross">
2008–09 in men's cyclo-cross

2008–09 in men's cyclo-cross covers the major Cyclo-cross competitions in the 2008-09 season, which runs from September 2008 until March 2009.
The competitions considered are the World Championships, National championships, the World Cup, the Superprestige and the Gazet van Antwerpen Trophy. Results of single day races of type C1 (the highest class) are also given.

</doc>
<doc id="20895306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895306" title="Thames Water Abingdon Reservoir">
Thames Water Abingdon Reservoir

The Thames Water Abingdon Reservoir was a proposal, made in 2006 by Thames Water, to build a large cleanwater reservoir to the south west of Abingdon, Oxfordshire. In 2007 the Environment Agency noted that need for the reservoir was not proven.

</doc>
<doc id="20895316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895316" title="Roly-poly toy">
Roly-poly toy

A roly-poly toy, round-bottomed doll, tilting doll, tumbler or wobbly man is a toy that rights itself when pushed over. The bottom of a roly-poly toy is round, roughly a hemisphere. Many roly-poly toys are hollow, with a weight inside the bottom. They have a center of mass below the center of the hemisphere, so that any tilting raises the center of mass. When such a toy is pushed over, it wobbles for a few moments while it seeks the upright orientation, which has an equilibrium at the minimum gravitational potential energy.
The toy can represent a person, an animal, or anything else. Different toy manufacturers and different cultures produce different-looking roly-poly toys: the okiagari-koboshi and some types of Daruma doll of Japan, the nevаlashka or vanka-vstanka of Russia, and Playskool's Weebles. Japanese "okiagari" means to get up ("oki") and arise ("agari"); the self-righting characteristic of the toy has come to symbolize the ability to have success, overcome adversity, and recover from misfortune. 
Traditional Chinese examples are hollow clay figures of plump children, but "many Chinese folk artists shape their tumblers in the image of clownish mandarins as they appear on stage; in this way they mock the inefficiency and ineptitude of the bureaucrats".
A toy manufacturer recommends roly-poly toys for small children just developing motor skills; a child can bat at it without its rolling away.
Dynamogene Theater stages a performance called "Monsieur Culbuto", allowing the audience to interact with a human dressed as a roly-poly toy.
The Noddy stories by Enid Blyton have characters Mr. and Mrs Wobblyman, who are based on this sort of roly-poly toy.

</doc>
<doc id="20895318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895318" title="Phil Janaro">
Phil Janaro

Philip Janaro is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Phil Janaro was the 28th and then later returned to be the 32nd and current head college football coach
for The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia and he held that position for nine seasons, from 1985 until 1987 and then returning from 2002 until 2007.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 42 wins, 35 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him second at Apprentice in total wins and fifth at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.545).

</doc>
<doc id="20895320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895320" title="The Apprentice Builders">
The Apprentice Builders

The Apprentice Builders are the athletic teams of the Newport News Apprentice School, located in Newport News, in the U.S. state of Virginia. The school is unique in that it does not grant degrees and therefore is not a member of either the NAIA or the NCAA, but has regularly competed in multiple sports against other degree-granting institutions in the area.
The school competes in the following sports:
Basketball.
The men's basketball team has enjoyed historical success at Apprentice. The 1937 men's basketball team won the Virginia State AAU Championship and qualified for the AAU Nationals in Denver, Colorado.
The school also fields a women's basketball team that has regularly competed nationally at their level.
Football.
American football has been played at Apprentice since 1919, only breaking for two years during World War II. The former coach is Phil Janaro, who has led the Builders to a record of 42 wins and 35 losses during his tenure. Former NFL quarterback Norm Snead also served as a head coach. 
Until the end of the 2010 season, Apprentice was a member of the Atlantic Central Football Conference, playing teams mainly in the NCAA Division III, although they also schedule games against NAIA teams.
Wrestling.
Wrestling at Apprentice competes in the National Collegiate Wrestling Association (NCWA) and the team won the Mid-Atlantic Conference Championship for the 2010 season. The 2009 team, under head coach Bruce Shumaker, won the NCWA national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20895340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895340" title="John Ramsbotham">
John Ramsbotham

Educated at Haileybury and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1930. His first post was as a Curate at All Hallows Lombard Street, after which he became a Chaplain to the Student Christian Movement. Appointed Vice Principal of Wells Theological College and then Warden of the "College of the Ascension, Selly Oak", in 1942 he became Vicar of St George’s, Jesmond before elevation to the Episcopate as Bishop of Jarrow (and Archdeacon of Auckland) eight years later. Translated to Wakefield in 1958 he retired in 1967.
Son of late Rev. Alexander Ramsbotham and of late (Margaret) Emily, née Cooke (m 1896); married q3, 1933, Eirian Morgan Owen (d 1988); three sons (one of whom David Ramsbotham, Baron Ramsbotham) and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20895350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895350" title="1976 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1976 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 2nd Metro Manila Film Festival was held in the year 1976. It was still known as Metropolitan Film Festival.
Eddie Romero's Ganito Kami Noon...Paano Kayo Ngayon? and Lino Brocka's Insiang romped away with top honors in the 1976 Metro Manila Film Festival (known then as the 1976 Filipino Film Festival). Ganito... won 6 major awards--- Best Picture; Best Actor (Christopher de Leon); Best Director (Eddie Romero); Best Screenplay (Eddie Romero and Roy C. Iglesias); Best Art Direction (Laida Lim-Perez and Peque Gallaga) and Best Music (Lutgardo Labad). Insiang was awarded four--- Best Actress (Hilda Koronel); Best Supporting Actor (Ruel Vernal); Best Supporting Actress (Mona Lisa) and Best Cinematography (Conrado Baltazar). Lupita Concio's Minsa'y May Isang Gamu-Gamo had two awards--- Best Editing (Edgardo Vinarao) and Best Story (Marina Feleo-Gonzales).
A total of 10 movies were exhibited during the 10-day festival which opened for the first time on Christmas Day (December 25). JE Productions' Dateline Chicago: Arrest The Nurse Killer emerged as the Top Grosser.

</doc>
<doc id="20895357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895357" title="List of companies headquartered in Northern Virginia">
List of companies headquartered in Northern Virginia

This is a list of companies headquartered in Northern Virginia. Numbers denote Fortune 500 ranking. 
The majority of the following companies are located in Fairfax County, the most populous jurisdiction in Northern Virginia, the state of Virginia, and the Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area. Companies with a McLean or Vienna address may be located Tysons Corner, as 'Tysons Corner' was not available as a postal address until 2011.
Government contractors.
Government contracting companies (including defense contracting companies) may be involved in various fields, such as financial services, healthcare, information technology, mercenaries, science, and space technology, sometimes all within the same company. Some of the following companies may only derive a minority of their income from government contracting, but are listed here for organizational purposes.
Foreign companies.
These are companies based outside the U.S. with a major division (often their American, North American, or Americas regional division) headquartered in Northern Virginia.
History.
Active companies formerly headquartered in the region include AOL, Sallie Mae, and US Airways. Defunct companies that were headquartered in the region include BearingPoint, Braddock Dunn & McDonald, Capital Airlines, Chevy Chase Bank, Erol's, GeoEye, Hecht's, MCI Inc., Mobil, Nextel, PSINet, and UUNET.

</doc>
<doc id="20895358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895358" title="Wends of Texas">
Wends of Texas

The Texas Wends or Wends of Texas are a group of people descended from a congregation of approximately 588 Sorbian/Wendish people under the leadership and pastoral care of John Kilian (, ) who emigrated from Lusatia (part of Germany) to Texas in 1854. The term also refers to the other emigrations (and all descendants) occurring before and after this group. However none came close to the size or importance of the Wendish culture in Texas.
History.
In 1817, King Frederick William III of Prussia ordered the Lutheran and Reformed churches in his territory to unite, forming the Evangelical Church of the Prussian Union. The unification of the two branches of German Protestantism sparked a great deal of controversy. Many Lutherans, termed Old Lutherans, chose to leave the established churches and form independent church bodies. Many left for America and Australia. The dispute over ecumenism overshadowed other controversies within German Lutheranism. The group which eventually became the Wends of Texas was part of this movement, its members distinguished in their specific ethnic identity as Wends, i.e. a Slavic minority living within a predominantly German environment.
Resisting the merger of Lutheranism and Calvinism being forced by the national church, this group, comprising members of many congregations and villages met at Dauban [http://nona.net/features/map/placedetail.455990/Dauban/] on March 23, 1854, to make decisions on what was to be done. Finishing the meeting it had been decided to meet again in May to call a pastor. May 25, 1854, saw the call of Pastor John Kilian as pastor of the newly formed congregation and plans began to form for the emigration to Texas.
Converging at Hamburg, they traveled to Hull, where they were expecting to begin their voyage across the sea. Upon arrival they found their intention to travel on one large ship was fouled as two smaller ships awaited them. After negotiating and waiting for news to come back, their would-be ship line had found and transported them to their requested ship among the White Star Line's line of packet ships, the "Ben Nevis" in Liverpool.
Of particular note is the 1854 Broad Street cholera outbreak that this group of Wends was apparently exposed to while in Liverpool, England. After setting sail they were forced to drop anchor at Queenstown, Ireland, to have the ship quarantined and the disease complete its cycle. Continuing on they landed in Galveston, Texas, after passing the health inspection. Finding the largest city of Texas (at that time) beset by yellow fever they hurriedly continued on to Houston (then almost half the size of Galveston). By the time they left Galveston, a total of 73 had died from various ailments, chiefly though of cholera (55 died from it alone).
Upon arrival in Houston, many of the Wends did not have enough money to continue the journey inland other than to travel on foot, carrying what they could. Along the way many stopped short of the congregation's aim in other German communities. Ultimately arriving in present-day Lee County, they founded the Low Pin Oak Settlement (now Serbin, Texas). 
Through their first winter they survived in little more than dug-outs and meager shelters. Through the coming year, they finished building their first church and a school, and continued to preserve their culture. Their pastor Johann Kilian persevered as pastor, preaching in both Wendish and German as more German migrants moved closer. Eventually he added English to the list of languages he preached in. His sons continued the Wendish preaching and teaching, but with them ended the last of major Wendish language exposure to the small colony.
Because of the poor soil quality in much of the surrounding land, many moved to join or start new Wendish communities and churches, though without any Wendish speaking pastors their culture died out within a few generations.
Present day.
With renewal of the sense of Wendish culture since the 1970s, the Texas Wendish Heritage Society preserves the history and culture of this group with their museum located in Serbin, Texas. The 3000+ artifacts, documents and original log buildings of Johann Killian and his congregation serve as the chief voice of this bygone era. A Wendish Fest occurs annually every fourth Sunday in September to celebrate their cultural background. They continue to decorate eggs in their cultural fashion and their egg noodles are never far from the table.
The original church bell, having been brought from Lusatia and since replaced in the St. Paul Lutheran Church's bell tower now rests at Concordia University Texas (a university in Austin, founded by Texas Wends and affiliated with the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod) as a testament to these founding Texas Lutherans' desire and motivation for continuing their faith even so far from home.

</doc>
<doc id="20895373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895373" title="Jotindra Lal Tripura">
Jotindra Lal Tripura

Jotindra Lal Tripura is a Bangladeshi politician, belonging to the Awami League. Tripura is the Khagrachhari District president of the Awami League. In the December 2008 election Tripura was elected as a Member of Parliament from the Parbattya Khagrachhari constituency, with 122,750 votes (43.9%).

</doc>
<doc id="20895383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895383" title="Spiffits">
Spiffits

Spiffits are a group of branded products, launched in April 1989 as the first complete line of pre-moistened household cleaning towelettes. 
The line included a glass cleaner, furniture polish, a soft scouring cleanser, bathroom cleaner and a multi-surface cleaner and competed against similar individual products sold under the Lysol, Pledge, Clorox and Endust brands. The Spiffits towelettes were manufactured by DowBrands, the consumer products division of the Dow Chemical Company at the time. The product was launched with an $18 million-dollar advertising campaign developed by Henderson Advertising, of Greenville, South Carolina. The ad campaign featured animated Spiffits "spokesboxes", produced using single-frame stop-motion filming techniques and moldable rubber box puppets, considered an innovative animation technique at the time.
Ironically, Spiffits, DowBrands, and Henderson Advertising have all disappeared from the American marketing landscape, however the legacy of pre-moistened cleaning towels has flourished and become a staple in many of America's homes today.
In 1998, Dow disposed of the primary components of its consumer products division to S. C. Johnson & Son, Inc. for US$1.125 billion. The transaction included the intellectual properties associated with the division, including the Spiffits trademarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20895390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895390" title="Govera">
Govera

Govera was a chiefdom in Zimbabwe. It was founded some time around 1788 and persisted into the late 19th century. It became a part of the British Mashonaland protectorate in 1889.
References.
World Statesmen.org

</doc>
<doc id="20895391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895391" title="Jim Preas">
Jim Preas

James Henry Preas (June 22, 1893 – January 1965) was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Jim Preas was the first head college football coach for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia and he held that position for three seasons, from 1919 until 1921. His coaching record at Apprentice was 18 wins, 3 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him fifth at Apprentice in total wins and second at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.818).
In 1919, he married Evangeline Horman. He died in 1965 and was buried in his hometown.

</doc>
<doc id="20895405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895405" title="A. B. Stoney">
A. B. Stoney

Andrew Burnet Stoney (December 15, 1892 – April 28, 1973) was an American football coach, sports figure and politician in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach A. B. Stoney was the second head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for two seasons, from 1922 until 1923.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 14 wins, 3 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
seventh at Apprentice in total wins and first at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.824).
Stoney also later coached at the University of South Carolina, his alma mater. He also coached their basketball team in 1928.
The son of James Moss and Jane Johnston (Shannon) Stoney, Stoney later served in the North Carolina House of Representatives as a representative from Burke County, first being elected in 1941. He died on April 28, 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="20895417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895417" title="Communication engine">
Communication engine

A communication engine is a tool that sends user requests to several other communication protocols and/or databases and aggregates the results into a single list or displays them according to their source. Communication engines enable users to enter communication account authorization once and access several communication avenues simultaneously. Communication engines operate on the premise that the World Wide Web is too large for any one engine to index it all and that more productive results can be obtained by combining the results from several engines dynamically. This may save the user from having to use multiple engines separately.

</doc>
<doc id="20895419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895419" title="2009 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships">
2009 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships

The 2009 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships took place in Hoogerheide, Netherlands on the weekend of January 31 and February 1, 2009. As in 2008, four events were scheduled.

</doc>
<doc id="20895427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895427" title="R. L. Patterson">
R. L. Patterson

R.L. Patterson is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach R.L. Patterson was the fourth head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for the 1926 season.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 1 win, 6 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
24th at Apprentice in total wins and 23rd at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.143).

</doc>
<doc id="20895429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895429" title="7th parallel north">
7th parallel north

The 7th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 7 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, the Indian Ocean, South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Pacific Ocean, South America and the Atlantic Ocean.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 7° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20895435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895435" title="E. M. Handy">
E. M. Handy

E. M. Handy is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach E. M. Handy was the fifth head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for two seasons, from 1927 until 1928.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 5 wins, 9 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
15th at Apprentice in total wins and 14th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.333).

</doc>
<doc id="20895445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895445" title="Karen Bernod">
Karen Bernod

Karen Bernod (born May 13, 1964, Brooklyn, New York) is an American born R&B vocalist, songwriter, and producer.
Karen is best known for her unique vocal harmonies as a background singer for Chaka Khan, Erykah Badu, C&C Music Factory and D'Angelo.
Biography.
Growing up in Brooklyn's Bed-Stuy, Karen Bernod always performed in neighborhood talent shows. Her favorite songs were usually by female artists such as Natalie Cole, Chaka Khan, Roberta Flack and Stephanie Mills. The youngest of three, Karen is a native New Yorker. She attended Erasmus Hall High School which has numerous famous music Alumni such as Will Downing, Barbra Streisand, Kedar Massenberg, and Stephanie Mills. There Bernod was very active in Music, Theater and Student government. She served as Senior Class president and was a member of the female choir "Cantata". She majored in Music at the State University of New York at New Paltz (SUNY) but took a leave of absence after one year to pursue her music career.
Professional career.
Karen became the warm up for the Bill Cosby Show. She was a principal in the off Broadway play "Mama I Want To Sing." Her first jingle (Thanks to Bernie Drayton) was a Budweiser spot w/Tone Loc.
Shortly after that Karen started singing Background Vocals for various HOUSE artists, which landed her an opportunity to co-write & perform the club classic "MOTHERLAND" produced by Winston Jones. Karen was the vocal (Doo-Wop) consultant and vocalist for Paul Simon's production of "Cape Man" with the fabulous Marc Anthony and Reuben Blades. She also recorded two of Paul Simon's CD projects as well as Ru Paul, Whitney Houston, Luther Vandross and Stephanie Mills to name a few.
Karen traveled abroad, recording and touring with D'Angelo and Erykah Badu. Two ground breaking artists who both broadened the minds of those who might not have been exposed to the Old School sounds of Soul music otherwise. While on tour with Badu, Karen received an invite to add her vocals on UK's Jazz Funk band Incognito album. She is featured on three cuts on Incognito's album "No Time Like The Future" "Marrakech, More Of Myself, and Yesterday's Dream".
After touring Europe and America, Karen Bernod returned home to Brooklyn and started production on her solo project. Karen's solo endeavor was now in full effect and she was excited as well as eager to give y'all some "Othaness." Hence the title "Some Othaness 4 U". She chose this title because her music encompasses all of her influences from Marvin to Ella, Natalie to Chaka, Curtis to D'Angelo and Billie to Erykah. Karen believes we enter each other's lives for a reason, Divine Intervention. She wrote and arranged along with Producers Greg Spooner and Norman Keyes Hurt. Her lyrical content is basically about Life-History, and Plain ol'fun.
Bernod's 2nd cd, Life @ 360 Degrees, was released on Dome Records which is the UK's hottest R&B & Soul label. Other artist on Dome includes US vocalist/songwriter Rahsaan Patterson, Brenda Russell, George Duke, Rosie Gaines, and UK's JazzFunk pioneers Incognito. Life @ 360 Degrees brings forth Karen's earthy three octave tone, laid against an urban backdrop that possesses a sense of a family unity with strong soulful presence. Working with Greg Spooner on this project, again we get to experience her take on Life @ 360 Degrees.
Since the release of her second solo project Karen continues work as a background singer along with focusing on her solo career and has begun recording a third solo album. She has toured with artists such as Mary J. Blige, Chaka Khan, and Martha Redbone. Outside the stage her efforts in giving back to her community grows as she continues working as a volunteer with various youth organizations, human rights groups, and health organizations.
Discography.
Solo Projects
Tribal House
C&C Music Factory (1990–1995)
Paul Simon
Rupaul
Barbara Tucker
Pet Shop Boys
Bahamadia
Erykah Badu
D'Angelo
Incognito (1999–2000)
Kloud 9
Geoff Matton
Mary J. Blige
Willie Nelson
Elisabeth Withers
Jingles.
Pantene, Denny's, Dentyne, Fresca, Budweiser, Seagram's Gin, AT&T, Bacardi, Kenya Dolls, Kool-Aid, Mercedes Benz, Sears, Oil of Olay, Burger King

</doc>
<doc id="20895452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895452" title="F. R. White">
F. R. White

Fairmount Richard "Monk" White (December 4, 1899 – April 15, 1969) was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach F. R. White was the sixth and then later the eighth head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for four seasons, from 1929 until 1931 and then returning from 1933 until 1933.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 8 wins, 23 losses, and 4 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
tenth at Apprentice in total wins and 19th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.229).
White was appointed Assistant to the General Manager for Development of Supervisory Personnel at the Apprentice School in 1962. Previously he had served as Director of Education and Training.
He died of a heart ailment in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20895456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895456" title="J. B. McArthur">
J. B. McArthur

J. B. McArthur is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach J. B. McArthur was the seventh head college football coach
for The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for the 1932 season.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 5 wins, 4 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
15th at Apprentice in total wins and fourth at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.556).

</doc>
<doc id="20895460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895460" title="Sounds of Scotland">
Sounds of Scotland

This is a list of the Sounds of Scotland. These straits vary in size from substantial sea channels to the tiny Clachan Sound, which is only wide and spanned by the Clachan Bridge. There are numerous other stretches of open water around the Scottish coasts that could be classified as straits, but which are called by names other than "Sound". 

</doc>
<doc id="20895463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895463" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Culpeper County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Culpeper County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Culpeper County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20895467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895467" title="W. F. Metts">
W. F. Metts

W. F. Metts is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach W. F. Metts was the ninth head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for four seasons, from 1934 until 1937.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 17 wins, 14 losses, and 4 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
sixth at Apprentice in total wins and eighth at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.486).

</doc>
<doc id="20895472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895472" title="1977 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1977 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 3rd Metro Manila Film Festival was held in the year 1977. Previously known as Metropolitan Film Festival, it was changed to Metro Manila Film Festival.
A total of 9 movies directed by the country’s great filmmakers, participated in the 1977 Metro Manila Film Festival.
1) Inay – Lino Brocka
2) Mga Bilanggong Birhen – Mario O’Hara and Romy Suzara
3) Kung Mangarap Ka’t Magising- Mike de Leon
4) Banta ng Kahapon – Eddie Romero
5) Walang Katapusang Tag-araw – Ishmael Bernal
6) Burlesk Queen- Celso Ad Castillo
7) Babae, Ngayon at Kailanman – Joey Goiengfiao
8) Sa Piling ng mga Sugapa – Gil Portes
9) Bakya Mo Neneng – Augusto Buenaventura
Ian Film Productions’ Burlesk Queen, the top grosser of the 10-day festival, romped away with most of the awards. It won seven major awards--- Best Picture; Best Actress (Vilma Santos); Best Actor (Rolly Quizon); Best Supporting Actor (Joonee Gamboa); Best Supporting Actress (Rosemarie Gil); Best Director (Celso Ad. Castillo) and Best Screenplay (Mauro Gia Samonte). Pera Films’ Mga Bilanggong Birhen won two awards: Best Cinematography (Romy Vitug) and Best Art Direction (Laida Lim-Perez).
"Burlesk Queen" grabbed most of the awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20895476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895476" title="W. H. Collier">
W. H. Collier

W. H. Collier is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach W. H. Collier was the tenth head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for two seasons, from 1938 until 1939.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 6 wins, 11 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
14th at Apprentice in total wins and 14th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.333).

</doc>
<doc id="20895477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895477" title="Princess Amalia of Nassau-Dietz">
Princess Amalia of Nassau-Dietz

Princess Amalia of Nassau-Dietz (Anna Charlotte Amalie; – 18 September 1777) was the wife of Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Baden-Durlach, and mother of Charles Frederick, the first Grand Duke of Baden.
Life.
Anna Charlotte Amalia was the only daughter of Johan Willem Friso of Nassau-Dietz (after 1702 Prince of Orange) and his wife, Landgravine Marie Louise of Hesse-Kassel. She grew up in Friesland and spoke West Frisian herself.
After her marriage to Friedrich of Baden-Durlach in 1727 she moved to Durlach. During her pregnancies, Amalia tyrannized her servants, and because of the princess's many tantrums, rumors circulated at the court of Durlach that she was mentally ill. Friedrich died on 26 March 1732, shortly after the birth of their second child. As further evidence of her alleged mental illness, it was charged that she shed no tears at the sight of her husband's corpse.
Her father-in-law, Margrave Karl III Wilhelm, did not want Amalia influencing the new crown prince Karl Friedrich; though mother and son continued to live in Karlsburg Castle in Durlach, Amalia lived the rest of her life in a separate apartment in the castle, shielded from the outside world. The education of her two sons, Karl Friedrich and Wilhelm Ludwig, was taken over by her mother-in-law, Magdalena Wilhelmine of Württemberg.
Marriage and children.
In 1727 Amalia married Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Baden-Durlach (1703–1732). They had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="20895489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895489" title="Vernon Haynes">
Vernon Haynes

Vernon Carlton "Lefty" Haynes (December 17, 1910 – May 28, 1973) was an American football and basketball player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Louisiana College in 1940 and at the The Apprentice School in Newport News, Virginia from 1949 to 1950. Haynes was also the head basketball coach at Tulane University from 1942 to 1945.
Coaching career.
Haynes was the 12th head college football coach for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia and he held that position for two seasons, from 1949 until 1950. His coaching record at Apprentice was 8 wins, 8 losses, and 0 ties.

</doc>
<doc id="20895497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895497" title="1978 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1978 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 4th Metro Manila Film Festival had its run in 1978 starting from December 25 onwards. "Atsay" was hailed as the Festival Best Picture.
Ian Film Productions' Atsay received the Best Picture Award in the highly contested 1978 Metro Manila Film Festival. The movie also won for Nora Aunor the Best Performer Award, Romeo Vitug for Best Cinematography and Eddie Garcia for Best Director. Other awardees were Mario O'Hara (Best Screenplay) and Jose Tarnate (Best Editing) for Sampaguita Pictures' Rubia Servios and Robert L. Lee III and Peter Perlas (Best Art Direction) for Agrix Films' Katawang Lupa. RVQ's Jack n' Jill of the Third Kind was the top grosser of the festival.
Undoubtedly, the two best entries in the 1978 Metro Manila Film Festival were Atsay and Rubia Servios.

</doc>
<doc id="20895498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895498" title="John A. Burns (American football)">
John A. Burns (American football)

John A. Burns is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach John A. Burns was the 13th and then later the 18th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for three seasons, from 1951 until 1952 and then returning from 1962 until 1962.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 5 wins, 20 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
15th at Apprentice in total wins and 20th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.200).

</doc>
<doc id="20895507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895507" title="Frank Masters">
Frank Masters

Frank Masters is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Frank Masters was the 14th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for the 1953 season.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 0 wins, 7 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
26th at Apprentice in total wins and 26th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.000).

</doc>
<doc id="20895515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895515" title="Albert Marshall (American football)">
Albert Marshall (American football)

Albert Marshall is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Albert Marshall was the 15th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for three seasons, from 1954 until 1956.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 4 wins, 21 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
20th at Apprentice in total wins and 22nd at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.160).

</doc>
<doc id="20895521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895521" title="Gordon Lamkin">
Gordon Lamkin

Gordon Emmett "Pop" Lamkin (December 21, 1894 – June 11, 1972) was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Gordon Lamkin was the 16th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for three seasons, from 1957 until 1959.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 13 wins, 8 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
eighth at Apprentice in total wins and third at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.591).

</doc>
<doc id="20895533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895533" title="G. R. Heflin">
G. R. Heflin

George Robert Heflin was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States. Heflin was the 17th head college football coach for The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia and he held that position for two seasons, from 1960 until 1961. His coaching record at Apprentice was 4 wins, 10 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 20th at Apprentice in total wins and 18th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.286). He died after a long illness in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20895540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895540" title="January 2009 in sports">
January 2009 in sports

__NOTOC__
See also: 2009 in sports, 

</doc>
<doc id="20895542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895542" title="1979 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1979 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 5th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1979. 
Ten movies vied for top honors in the 1979 Metro Manila Film Festival . HPS Productions' Kasal-Kasalan, Bahay-Bahayan was named Best Picture and was the top grosser of the festival. Ina Ka ng Anak Mo received three major awards--- Raul Aragon (Best Actor); Lolita Rodriguez and Nora Aunor (tied for Best Actress) and Lino Brocka (Best Director).
Other awardees: Johnny Delgado (Best Supporting Actor/ Ang Alamat ni Julian Makabayan); Rebecca Gonzales (Best Supporting Actress/ Kasal-Kasalan, Bahay-Bahayan): Ben Lobo (Best Cinematography/ Ang Lihim ng Guadalupe); Gaudencio Barredo (Best Sound Engineering/ Kadete); Edgardo Vinarao (Best Editing/ Kadete); Restie Umali (Best Music/ Ang Sisiw ay Agila) and Rick Acasio (Best Story/ Kasal-Kasalan, Bahay-Bahayan).
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895543" title="Ecchinswell, Sydmonton and Bishops Green">
Ecchinswell, Sydmonton and Bishops Green

Ecchinswell, Sydmonton and Bishops Green (occasionally referred to as just "Ecchinswell and Sydmonton") is a civil parish within the district of Basingstoke and Deane in Hampshire, United Kingdom.
Sydmonton is the home of Sydmonton Court, estate of the Kingsmill Family, including Admiral Sir Robert Kingsmill. The estate is currently owned by Andrew Lloyd Webber and is home to the annual Sydmonton Festival.
Geography.
Watership Down, location of the famous Richard Adams' novel of the same name, is just South of Ecchinswell. Ladle Hill on Great Litchfield Down, also lies to the south. Part of the hill is a biological SSSI, first notified in 1978. The hill has a partially completed Iron Age hill fort on its summit, and the surrounding area is rich in Iron Age tumuli, enclosures, lynchets and field systems. Ladle hill and Watership down are easily accessed from the Wayfarer's Walk cross county footpath that passes through the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20895546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895546" title="Fred Holmes">
Fred Holmes

Frederick Clarence (Fred) Holmes (July 1, 1878 – February 13, 1956) was a Major League Baseball first baseman and catcher. Holmes played for the New York Highlanders in and the Chicago Cubs in . In 2 career games, he had 1 hit in 3 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Holmes was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in Norwood Park, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20895547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895547" title="Ausia, Bangladesh">
Ausia, Bangladesh

Ausia is a town of Barisal Division in southern Bangladesh. It is located at 23°42'0N 89°16'0E with an altitude of 19 metres (65 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20895555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895555" title="Mervyn Armstrong">
Mervyn Armstrong

Educated at Balliol College, Oxford, he was ordained in 1938. His first posts were as a Chaplain in the RNVR, after which he was Vicar of Margate. Appointed Chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1949 he became Archdeacon of Stow and then Provost of Leicester Cathedral before elevation to the Episcopate as Bishop of Jarrow in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20895566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895566" title="H. K. Brown, Jr.">
H. K. Brown, Jr.

H.K. Brown, Jr. is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach H.K. Brown, Jr. was the 20th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for the 1964 season.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 0 wins, 8 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
26th at Apprentice in total wins and 26th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.000).

</doc>
<doc id="20895574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895574" title="Romie Hamilton">
Romie Hamilton

Romie L. Hamilton (July 29, 1922 – December 15, 2005) was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Romie Hamilton was the 21st head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for the 1965 season.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 0 wins, 8 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
26th at Apprentice in total wins and 26th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.000).
Hamilton also coached Warwick High School in Newport News, being named head coach there in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20895578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895578" title="J. E. Bradshaw">
J. E. Bradshaw

J. E. Bradshaw is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach J.E. Bradshaw was the 22nd head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for the 1966 season.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 1 win, 5 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
24th at Apprentice in total wins and 23rd at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.143).

</doc>
<doc id="20895583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895583" title="W. S. Renn, Jr.">
W. S. Renn, Jr.

William S. (Billy) Renn, Jr. (born May 31, 1928) is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Renn was the 23rd head college football coach for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia and he held that position for two seasons, from 1967 until 1968. His coaching record at Apprentice was 5 wins, 8 losses, and 2 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 15th at Apprentice in total wins and 14th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.333).

</doc>
<doc id="20895587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895587" title="Winston Siegfried">
Winston Siegfried

Winston Thomas Siegfried was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Winston Siegfried was the 24th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for two seasons, from 1969 until 1970.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 5 wins, 10 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
15th at Apprentice in total wins and 14th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.333).

</doc>
<doc id="20895593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895593" title="J.H. Wilson">
J.H. Wilson

James H. (Jimmy) Wilson (March 6, 1940 – March 27, 2013) was an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach J. H. Wilson was the 25th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for four seasons, from 1971 until 1974.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 13 wins, 20 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
eighth at Apprentice in total wins and 12th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.394).
Death.
He died on March 29, 2013, in Hampton, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20895599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895599" title="T. G. Yearwood">
T. G. Yearwood

T.G. Yearwood is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach T.G. Yearwood was the 26th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for two seasons, from 1975 until 1976.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 2 wins, 13 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 23rd at Apprentice in total wins and 25th at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.125).

</doc>
<doc id="20895605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895605" title="Fulham Irish GAA Club">
Fulham Irish GAA Club

Fulham Irish GAA Club is a Gaelic Football and Hurling Club based in London.
One stop shop for Senior dual players
Fulham Irish GAA Club achieved unique status at Ruislip on Sunday 07/10/2012 by becoming the only Club in London to offer dual players Senior Football & Senior Hurling. The Club has also got a Senior Ladies team. It is a unique achievement for a Club that was established in 2006 & only formed a hurling team as recently as 2011. The Fulham Irish Hurling Team defeated Granuaille in the London Intermediate Championship Final to gain promotion, in their 2nd year of existence, to the top tier of London Hurling. 
The Fulham Irish Footballers won the London Intermediate Championship in their first attempt in 2006 after the London County Board allowed them to enter a team in Intermediate Competitions. The team went on to win the British Provincial title in the same year. The Footballers progressed to win every domestic honour in London culminating with the Senior Championship Trophy on October 16th 2011. 
The Fulham Irish Ladies Team was established in 2008 and like the footballers has progressed rapidly through the ranks and now sits comfortably at the top table. The Ladies team won the London Junior Championship in 2010 & followed up with the Intermediate Championship in 2011. The Ladies team won no fewer than 4 domestic cups in 2011. They now compete in all competitions at Senior level.
The Fulham Irish Hurling Team has completed a remarkable journey for the Club by joining the Senior ranks of the London Hurling GAA fraternity. The Hurling team, managed by Dublin Man – Anthony Scullion, won the London Intermediate Championship at the second time of asking. They had lost the Intermediate Championship in 2011 by the narrowest of margins in their first year. 
Fulham Irish GAA Club has created a one stop shop for dual players wishing to play both Hurling & Football at Senior Level in London. It is the only Club that offers such an opportunity to players moving to the English Capital. Anyone wishing to join the Club in any capacity should visit the Club website on www.fulhamirish.org
History.
Fulham Irish GAA Club was formed in January 2006 by a group of young Irish people who were working in the city of London. The group wanted to give people a chance to play Gaelic Football in London without travelling to the far West or North of London to existing clubs. 
The club were granted permission by the London County Board to participate in the London Intermediate Football Championship but had to begin in the lowest division of the London league. The club first fielded a team in April 2006 in a league game which they won at Ruislip against North London Shamrocks. The club attracts many players due to its central location. In 2006 the club created history by winning the London Intermediate Championship and the British Championship in its first year. The initial Fulham Irish Committee was spearheaded by Liam Barry (County Limerick) Chairman, Michael Rice (County Kerry) Secretary and John Doyle (County Carlow) Treasurer. Ken McGrath (County Waterford) was the first club captain. By the beginning of the 2008 season Fulham Irish had progressed to the top level of all competitions in London. David Connolly (County Monaghan) became Captain in 2008 and led the club to their first Division 1 League Title together with the Tipperary Cup. The club suffered just one defeat in 2008, a 1 point loss in a replay of the semi-final of the senior Championship. 
Fulham Irish started a Ladies Team in 2008. The Ladies team progressed to the London Junior Championship Final in their first year and lost the final by 2 points to the long established Holloway Gaels. In 2009 they reached the Junior Championship Final but lost out to a stronger Kingdom Kerry Gaels side. 2010 was the year for the Ladies team as they had a clean sweep of all Junior trophies, winning the Junior Championship Final against Clonbony 3-16 to 0-2, the Junior League Final against Dulwich Harps 3-13 to 1-2, The Tom O Connor Cup, The Southwark Festival Cup and the Anne Dunning Memorial Cup. 
The club is currently one of the top clubs in London and has developing an underage structure along with developing its own Gaelic Football pitch in Fulham. In 2011 it was agreed that Fulham Irish would form a Hurling Team. In common with most GAA clubs in London, it has attracted many new players from 2009 onwards as a result of renewed emigration from Ireland.
Fulham Irish won no fewer than 8 Cups in 2011 including the London Senior Football Championship on October 16, 2011 at Ruislip beating Parnells 1-08 to 0-07. A tremendous achievement for a Club just over 5 years old. The Club progressed to play the Connacht Champions (St. Brigids Roscommon) in the All Ireland Club Quarter Final on December 4, 2011. Sean Maguire from Lavey in County Cavan captained Fulham Irish to its first Senior Championship. The winning team lined out as follows: Declan Traynor (Meath), Gary O'Hare (Down), Conor McClean (Down), Martin Conway (Derry), Aidan Savage (Antrim), Shane Mulligan (Monaghan), John Boyce (Galway), Lorcan Mulvey (Cavan), Paddy Walsh (Carlow), Stephen Molumby (Dublin), Harry Murphy (Mayo), Iomar Barrett (Galway), David Connolly (Monaghan), Sean Maguire (Cavan), John Ryan (Tipperary) Subs Used: Fearghal McVey (Derry), Noel Nicholson (Galway), Marty Hughes (Tyrone), Padhraig McKernan (Down), John Reilly (Mayo).
The Fulham Irish hurling team reached the London Intermediate Championship Final in their first year losing by 5 points to a strong Michael Cusack's side who had been beaten in the final the previous year. 
The Fulham Irish Ladies team won the London Intermediate Championship in 2011 12 months after winning the Junior Championship.
Fulham Irish GAA Club Role of Honour (Founded 2006)""
Tipperary Cup (Senior Football) – 2012
Intermediate Hurling Championship – 2012
•Ronan Cup (Intermediate Hurling) - 2011
•McCullogh Cup (Intermediate Hurling) - 2011
•Ladies Intermediate Championship - 2011
•Mary Feehan Cup (Ladies Football) - 2011
•British Junior Championship (Ladies Football) - 2011
•British Provincial 9s (Ladies Football) - 2011
•Ladies Junior Championship - 2010
•Tom O’Connor Cup (Ladies Football) - 2010
•Reserve Football Championship - 2009
•Senior Football League Division 1 - 2008
•Conway Cup (Senior Football) - 2008
•Tipperary Cup (Senior Football) - 2008
•Intermediate Football Championship - 2006
•British Provincial Championship - 2006
2012 Fulham Irish GAA Club Committee.
President - Seamus McNelis (Tyrone)
Chairman - Liam Barry (Limerick)
Secretary - Brendan Dolan (Tyrone)
Treasurer - John Doyle (Carlow)
Vice Chairman - Jim Clair (Meath)
PRO - John Doyle (Carlow)
First Team Management - Liam Barry (Limerick), Colm McArdle (Armagh), Eoin Davis (Dublin)
Reserve Team Management - Brendan Dolan (Tyrone), Declan Traynor (Meath)
Hurling Team Management - Anthony Scullion (Dublin), Paul Dollery (Cork), Mick Laffon (Tipperary)
Ladies Management Team - Terrance Cunnea (Donegal), Bernard McCusker (Down), Aidan Gibbons (Mayo)
Child Welfare Office - Martin McDonagh (Galway)
Committee Members - Rachel Ryan (Limerick), Noel Tiffney (Armagh), Sarah Kerrigan (Meath), Nicola Costello (Mayo), Michael Ruby (Cork), Louise Quinn (Longford)

</doc>
<doc id="20895614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895614" title="Community of Madrid Orchestra">
Community of Madrid Orchestra

The Community of Madrid Orchestra (), founded in 1987, is a symphony orchestra in Madrid, Spain. It is the resident orchestra at the Teatro de la Zarzuela in Madrid and performs its concert programs at the Auditorio Nacional de Música. 
The current principal conductor is José Ramón Encinar and the first concertmaster is Víctor Arriola. 
History.
Founded in 1987, the Community of Madrid Orchestra is the official orchestra of the Community of Madrid. The activity of the Orchestra changed radically in 1998, when it became the tenured orchestra of the Teatro de la Zarzuela and alternated its appearances between the pit and the stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20895618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895618" title="Saint Bessus">
Saint Bessus

Saint Bessus, sometimes "Besse", () is venerated as a member of the legendary Theban Legion, whose members were led by Saint Maurice and were martyred for their Christian faith in the 3rd century. Except for St. Maurice's cult, veneration for Bessus enjoyed a wider popularity than those associated with other saints of the Theban Legion and remains popular today. According to tradition, Constantius survived the decimation of his Legion and fled to valleys of Aosta and Cogne. He then dedicated himself to converting the people in this area to Christianity.
Evidence for Bessus' existence is confused and uncertain: the name of Bessus is actually identified with two different, semi-legendary saints with the same name: one was a martyred bishop of Ivrea who lived in the eighth century, the other was a hermit with the same name who lived in an Alpine sanctuary near Campiglia in Val Soana. In addition, there are two feast days associated with Bessus that were celebrated at Ivrea: August 10 and December 1. The cult of Saint Bessus may actually represent the Christianization of the cult associated with the Egyptian god Bes, also invoked for fertility. Bessus and Bes, as Fabio Arduino points out, are both associated with an ostrich feather in their iconography.
Numerous legends were connected with Bessus. A breviary dating from 1473 states that Bessus was martyred in the following manner: he was invited to a banquet by some Piedmontese who had stolen the cattle that was now being served as a meal. When Bessus discovered this, he denounced the cattle thieves. Angered, the thieves chased him and forced him to jump the cliffs of Monte Fautenio. Bessus survived but was then killed by the Roman legionnaires who had slaughtered the Theban Legion at Agaunum. The cliff preserves an imprint associated with the saint. According to local tradition, the sanctuary dedicated to the saint was constructed on the place of Bessus' martyrdom, which remains today a place of pilgrimage. A different version of the tale states that the saint hid himself in the Valley of Cogne before being killed by the Roman soldiers.
In 1912, Robert Hertz, a French historian and anthropologist, collected at Cogne a different version of Saint Bessus' death, which was part of an oral tradition passed from generation. This version states that Bessus was not a soldier of the Theban Legion at all, but a local shepherd who was so pious that God rewarded him with a prosperous, fat, and healthy flock. Envious of his prosperity, some shepherds killed him by forcing him off a cliff.
Veneration.
According to a local tradition, Bessus’ relics were stolen in the ninth century and taken to Ozegna, to the chapel now occupied by the sanctuary known as Beata Vergine del Convento e del Bosco. Subsequently, during the reign of Arduin of Italy, the relics were translated to the cathedral of Ivrea, where they were placed in a Roman sarcophagus. Today, the relics rest in a lateral altar along with those associated with other martyr saints.
Saint Bessus was considered to be a great thaumaturgus and miracle-worker, and a protector of soldiers against the dangers of war; he was also invoked for fertility.
On August 10 of every year, a festival and pilgrimage is held every year in the mountains of Gran Paradiso National Park (Parco Nazionale del Gran Paradiso), in the Val Soana. A statue of the saint is carried to the cliff that is associated with his martyrdom. The honor of carrying the saint was once a cause of dispute between the towns of Cogne and Campiglia. Each town had once been under the jurisdiction of separate dioceses, but in the 13th century, the two towns became part of the diocese of Ivrea.

</doc>
<doc id="20895623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895623" title="Doran Isackson">
Doran Isackson

Doran L. Isackson (March 26, 1938 – September 28, 1989) was a Republican politician from Minnesota and a Minnesota State Senator. Elected in 1982, Isackson served one term from 1983 to 1987. He was unseated by Democrat Jim Vickerman in the wave of DFL victories that swept southwestern Minnesota in the DFL "Firestorm" of 1986.
From the town of Storden, Isackson represented the old District 28 (most of which is in the current District 22), which included all or portions of Brown, Cottonwood, Jackson, Martin, Murray, Nobles, Redwood and Watonwan counties. A farmer by profession, Isackson grew up in Douglas County, graduated from Alexandria High School in 1956, and was a 1960 graduate of the University of Minnesota with a degree in agricultural education. While at the university, he was a member of the Department of Animal Science's 1958 Poultry Judging Team.
Isackson's legislative concerns in office included agriculture, business climate, jobs, the economy, workers' compensation, education and transportation. He served on the Minnesota Senate's Agriculture & Natural Resources, Local & Urban Government, Public Utilities & State Regulated Industries, and Veterans & General Legislation committees, and on various subcommittees relevant to each.
Isackson died unexpectedly at his home in Storden on September 28, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20895625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895625" title="Earl D. Eisenhower">
Earl D. Eisenhower

Earl Dewey Eisenhower (February 1, 1898 – December 18, 1968) was an electrical engineer and legislator.
Early life and career.
Born in Abilene, Kansas, he died in Scottsdale, Arizona. Among his brothers were President of the United States Dwight D. Eisenhower, attorney Edgar N. Eisenhower, and university president Milton Eisenhower. Eisenhower moved to Washington, where he stayed with his brother Edgar who helped with college expenses. Earl Eisenhower graduated from the University of Washington in 1923 with a degree in electrical engineering. After working on a passenger ship, he worked in Pennsylvania and Illinois.
Political career.
He served in the Illinois House of Representatives, as a Republican, from 1965–1967. He was elected as an at-large representative due to problems with reapportionment. He ran for County Clerk of Cook County, Illinois and lost in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20895629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895629" title="1980 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1980 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 6th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1980.
Pretty good entries in the 1980 Metro Manila Film Festival. Fernando Poe, Jr. had his first Panday,the undisputed top grosser of the festival; Nora Aunor had two entries---Lino Brocka's Bona and Laurice Guillen's Kung Ako'y Iiwan Mo; Vilma Santos came up with Danny Zialcita's Langis at Tubig; Amy Austria gave an excellent performance in Marilou Diaz-Abaya's Brutal. Other entries were Basag with Alma Moreno, Taga Sa Panahon with Christopher De Leon and Bembol Roco and three comedy films Tembong with Nino Muhlach, Kape't Gatas with Chiquito and Julie Vega and Dang-Dong with Andrea Bautista (daughter of Ramon Revilla, Sr.).
The Festival's Best Picture was awarded to Premiere Productions' Taga sa Panahon. Individual honors went to Dindo Fernando (Best Actor/ Langis at Tubig) and Amy Austria (Best Actress/ Brutal). Other awardees--- Marilou Diaz-Abaya (Best Director/ Brutal); Jose Carreon (Best Screenplay/ Taga sa Panahon); Rody Lacap (Best Cinematography/ Kung Ako'y Iiwan Mo); Rudy Baldovino and Ben Pelayo (Best Sound Engineering/ Kung Ako'y Iiwan Mo); Ernani Cuenco (Best Music/ Ang Panday); Danny Zialcita (Best Story/ Langis at Tubig) and Julie Vega (Best Child Performer/ Kape't Gatas).
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895642" title="Aubrey Kelly">
Aubrey Kelly

Aubrey Kelly is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Aubrey Kelly was the 31st college football coach for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia. He held that position for four seasons, from 1998 until 2001. His coaching record at Apprentice was 7 wins, 31 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 12th at Apprentice in total wins and 21st at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.184).

</doc>
<doc id="20895652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895652" title="Paul Hoffman (American football)">
Paul Hoffman (American football)

Paul Hoffman is an American football coach and sports figure in the United States.
Coaching history.
Coach Paul Hoffman was the 30th head college football coach
for the The Apprentice School Builders located in Newport News, Virginia
and he held that position for eight seasons, from 1990 until 1997.
His coaching record at Apprentice was 31 wins, 39 losses, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
third at Apprentice in total wins and tenth at Apprentice in winning percentage (0.437).

</doc>
<doc id="20895672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895672" title="Primavera in anticipo (It Is My Song)">
Primavera in anticipo (It Is My Song)

"Primavera in Anticipo (It Is My Song)" is a pop duet between Italian soul singer Laura Pausini and British singer-songwriter James Blunt. It was released as the second single from Pausini's album "Primavera in anticipo". The single was released on January 2, 2009. The song was also featured on the deluxe version of Blunt's second studio album, "All the Lost Souls". The single was very successful in Europe, however, was not released in the UK or Ireland. The single was released simultaneously digitally and physically.
Release.
The single was released on one digital and physical format, both containing the same tracklisting. The song was backed with a Spanish version, "Primavera Anticipada (It Is My Song)". 
Music video.
A music video was released in many European territories. The video features Blunt and Pausini together in an Italian mansion, however, both are locked in separate, empty rooms with only their instruments to keep them company. As the song progresses, Blunt starts a fire in his room which spreads to the main hall of the building, leading to him having to rescue Pausini. The video was included on the deluxe edition bonus DVD of Blunt's "All the Lost Souls".
Live performances.
""Primavera in anticipo"" was chosen by Pausini to close all her "World Tour 2009" concerts. The performance of the song in Monza was recorded and released in the Laura Live World Tour 09 live album. On June 21 2009, as part of the ""Amiche per l'Abruzzo"" beneficent concert, Pausini shared the vocals of the song with Giorgia Todrani. 
The song is also present on Pausini's Inedito World Tour. During such performances, images of a forest during the spring are shown in the videowall.
Usage.
"Primavera in anticipo (It Is My Song)" was inserted as a solo "Live" on the album "Laura Live World Tour 09" (audio e video) and "Laura Live Gira Mundial 09" (video) on 2009. 
"Primavera in anticipo (It Is My Song)" as a duet, was inserted in the special edition of James Blunt's "All the Lost Souls".
"Primavera anticipada (It Is My Song)" was inserted as a solo version "Live" on the album "Laura Live Gira Mundial 09" on 2009 (audio).

</doc>
<doc id="20895673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895673" title="Polyglutamine tract">
Polyglutamine tract

A polyglutamine tract or polyQ tract is a portion of a protein consisting of a sequence of several glutamine units. A tract typically consists of about 10 to a few hundred such units. 
A multitude of genes, in various eukaryotic species (including humans), contain a number of repetitions of the nucleotide triplet CAG or CAA. When the gene is translated into a protein, each of these triplets gives rise to a glutamine unit, resulting in a polyglutamine tract. Different alleles of such a gene often have different numbers of triplets since the highly repetitive sequence is prone to contraction and expansion. 
Several inheritable neurodegenerative disorders, the polyglutamine diseases, occur if a mutation causes a polyglutamine tract in a specific gene to become too long. Important examples of polyglutamine diseases are spinocerebellar ataxia and Huntington's disease. It is believed that cells cannot properly dispose of proteins with overly long polyglutamine tracts, which over time leads to damage in nerve cells. The longer the polyglutamine tract, the earlier in life these diseases tend to appear.

</doc>
<doc id="20895688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895688" title="Brandon Shores Generating Station">
Brandon Shores Generating Station

The Brandon Shores Generating Station is an electric generating station located on Fort Smallwood Drive north of Orchard Beach in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, near Glen Burnie, and is operated by Raven Power Holdings, Inc. Brandon Shores consists of two Babcock and Wilcox coal-fired boilers and two General Electric steam turbines with a combined nominal generating capacity of 1370 MWe. Unit 1 went into operation in May 1984 and Unit 2 in May 1991.
The station shares a site adjacent to the Patapsco River with the Herbert A. Wagner Generating Station. The Brandon Shores plant dominates the site with its exhaust and flue-gas desulfurization (FGD) system stacks.
Coal delivery.
The Brandon Shores and Wagner Generating Stations consume approximately 4.8 million tons of coal annually. Coal for both stations is delivered by barge. Although there is a railroad spur into the site, it is unused and would require improvements to restore it to an operational state.
Renovation.
In order to meet Maryland requirements for reductions of nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide and mercury, the plant was substantially renovated between 2007 and 2010. A new twin FGD stack was built to replace the existing stacks, which have been capped and are inoperative. Flue gas from the boilers is routed through the emissions control system that sprays the exhaust with a limestone slurry and collects gypsum for use in wallboard and fly ash for use in concrete. The system uses treated municipal wastewater from the Anne Arundel County Cox Creek wastewater treatment plant as the source of water for making the limestone slurry.
2012 sale.
The plant was originally constructed by a predecessor company of Constellation Energy, which was later purchased by Exelon in 2012. On August 9, 2012, Exelon announced that it had reached an agreement, subject to regulatory approvals, for the sale of the Charles P. Crane, Brandon Shores, and Herbert A. Wagner Generating Stations to Raven Power Holdings LLC, a newly formed portfolio company of Riverstone Holdings LLC, for approximately $400 million. Exelon had committed to divest the plants as condition for regulatory approval of its merger with Constellation Energy to alleviate concerns regarding potential market power in the regional wholesale electricity market. The sale was completed on November 30, 2012.
Dispatch of electricity.
The electrical output of Brandon Shores Generating Station is dispatched by the PJM Interconnection regional transmission organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20895689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895689" title="World Highland Games Championships">
World Highland Games Championships

The World Highland Games Championships is a well recognised event in both strength athletics and Highland Games. The championships are also known as the IHGF Official World Heavy Events Championships, being organised by the International Highland Games Federation. A roll of past competitors includes many of the World's greatest strength athletes with Olympic finalists, World Record Holders, Commonwealth Games medal winners, Guinness Book of Record entrants, physique champions, continental & national title holders, World's Strongest Men and International legends in various sports. The World Highland Games Championships consist of traditional events and are in this sense differentiated from many of the other international strength athletic competitions, including the Highlander World Championships.
History.
The World Highland Games Championships were first held in 1980 and were created as an attempt to identify who was truly the greatest Highland Games competitor. Many of the Highland Games competitions around the world have traditionally not been invitational, in the sense that novices can step up to compete, or at the more established events the competitors were very much more selected from the nation in which the competition was held. The world's introduced a formalisation of the requirements for entry and a truly international flavour.
Over the years competitors have been drawn from the disciplines of field athletics, including the shot put, discuss and hammer throw, as well as strength athletes and dedicated Highland Games specialists. In the first three decades of the competition there have been thirteen champions, with four men each having won the title five times, Geoff Capes, Jim McGoldrick, Ryan Vierra and Matt Sandford, and one of those, Geoff Capes, having also won the 1981 World Highland Games Championships held in Lagos, which would make him six times world champion, although this is not listed on the official website.
List of champions.
List information taken from this source.
Commonly contested events.
The top 10 to 12 Athletes in the world based on all the traditional events are invited. There are a number of events that make up each competition. The IHGF Official World Heavy Events Championships has the following events:
Sub-Competitions.
Along with the World Heavy Events Championships two other titles are contested:

</doc>
<doc id="20895690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895690" title="Meaker">
Meaker

Meaker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="20895702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895702" title="1981 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1981 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 7th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1981. 
Bancom Audiovision's Kisapmata, a movie about a deranged retired policeman, won ten of the 13 awards in the 1981 Metro Manila Film Festival--- Best Picture; Vic Silayan (Best Actor); Jay Ilagan (Best Supporting Actor); Charito Solis (Best Supporting Actress); Mike de Leon (Best Director); Clodualdo del Mundo, Jr., Racquel Villavicencio and Mike de Leon (Best Screenplay and Story); Jess Navarro (Best Editing); Best Production Design and Best Sound Engineering.
Vilma Santos was named Best Actress for her role in Sining Silangan's Karma. Other awards went to Ver Reyes (Best Cinematography/ Pagbabalik ng Panday); Bentot, Jr. and Dranreb Belleza in a tie for Best Child Performer in Pagbabalik ng Panday and Kapitan Kidlat respectively.
FPJ Productions' Pagbabalik ng Panday was the top grosser of the festival.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895705" title="Neptune House">
Neptune House

Neptune House is an office block situated in the grounds of BBC Elstree Centre in Clarendon Road, Borehamwood, Hertfordshire.
The imposing office block dates from the 1960s and is distinctive by its glass-fronted entrance. Neptune House has featured in several popular television series, most notably as the school in Grange Hill, and since 1999, the hospital reception for Holby City. In 1989 a purpose-built set was constructed for Grange Hill at the back of the building, but was torn down in 2002 when the series left Elstree.
Prior to 1984, the Clarendon Road studios were owned by defunct ITV franchise holder ATV as their main production centre, then for a time by ATV's successor Central Independent Television. Neptune House could be seen in the opening titles to Gerry Anderson's 1970 sci-fi series UFO as Harlington - Straker Film Studios, the (literal) cover for the secret and below ground headquarters of SHADO.
The hospital "wards" in Holby City are actually the top floor of Neptune House, fully kitted out allowing genuine outside views from the windows. The building's staircases are seen almost constantly in the series.
With the BBC currently considering plans which could see EastEnders moved to a new set at Pinewood studios, a question mark hangs over the long-term future of its Elstree site and with it, Neptune House.

</doc>
<doc id="20895713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895713" title="2007 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women">
2007 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women

FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women 2007 is 18th edition of FIBA Asia's basketball championship for females under 18 years old. The games were held at Bangkok, Thailand.
The championship is divided into two levels: Level I and Level II. The two lowest finishers of Level I meets the top two finishers to determine which teams qualify for Level for 2008's championship. The losers are relegated to Level II.
Qualifying round.
Winners are promoted to Level I for the 2008 championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20895717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895717" title="Lancaster General Hospital">
Lancaster General Hospital

Lancaster General Hospital is a hospital in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1893 in a small home on Queen Street, the hospital now stands in a 590-bed facility located at 555 North Duke Street in Lancaster. 
The Hospital is administered by Lancaster General Health System, which includes physician practices and outpatient centers throughout Lancaster County. Lancaster General Hospital offers a wide range of health services including inpatient, outpatient, primary and specialty care from open-heart surgery to oncology, acute and trauma care and pediatric services in partnertship with Penn State Hershey's Children's Hospital 
It is among an elite group of "Best of the Benchmark Hospitals"- institutions that have achieved 100 Top Hospital honors for seven of the last nine years. The hospital has been recognized as a Magnet facility for nursing excellence and has received HealthGrades® Distinguished Hospital Award for Patient Safety. Lancaster General Hospital has also been named a "Best Hospital" by U.S. News & World Report for heart surgery, orthopedics, urology, hormonal disorders and ear, nose & throat.
Lancaster General Hospital has adopted the EPIC model for containing an Organization-wide EMR system. This popular initiative is aimed towards better performance patient-care. 

</doc>
<doc id="20895718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895718" title="1982 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1982 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 8th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1982.
ECP's Himala captured nine awards in the 1982 Metro Manila Film Festival--- Best Picture, Best Actress (Nora Aunor), Best Supporting Actor (Spanky Manikan), Best Supporting Actress (Gigi Duenas), Best Director (Ishmael Bernal), Best Cinematography (Sergio Lobo), Best Art Direction (Racquel Villavicencio), Best Sound Engineering (Rolly Ruta) and Best Editing (Ike Jarlego, Jr.). The movie emerged the top grosser of the festival edging FPJ Productions' Ang Panday...Ikatlong Yugto.
Other awardees--- Christopher de Leon (Best Actor/Haplos); Ricky Lee (Best Screenplay/Moral); Ernani Cuenco (Best Music/Ang Panday, Ikatlong Yugto).
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895720" title="Maurice S. Parker">
Maurice S. Parker

Maurice S. Parker is a United States diplomat and career foreign service officer of the State Department. , he is the United States Ambassador to Swaziland. President Bush nominated him as ambassador on April 30, 2007. He took the oath of office on July 20, 2007 and presented his credentials to the government of Swaziland in September 2007.
Parker received his bachelor's degree from the University of California at Berkeley and his master's degree from San Francisco State University.
He is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, with the class of Minister-Counselor. Prior to his posting in Mbabane, he was Director of the Office of Employee Relations and Foreign Service Assignments in the Bureau of Human Resources. He was also Director of Consular and International Programs at the Homeland Security Council at the White House and Principal Officer at the consulates in Ciudad Juárez and Barcelona. His other overseas assignments have included Nigeria, Scotland, Colombia and Guyana.

</doc>
<doc id="20895722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895722" title="Mark Woolf">
Mark Woolf

Mark Woolf may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20895725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895725" title="Research in Music Education">
Research in Music Education

In "A Guide to Research in Music Education," Phelps, Ferrara and Goolsby define research as the identification and isolation of a problem into a workable plan; the implementation of that plan to collect the data needed; and the synthesis, interpretation and presentation of the collected information into some format which readily can be made available to others. Research typically falls into one of four categories: experimental, descriptive, historical, or philosophical. 
Types of Research.
Experimental.
Experimental research is used to determine what will be or to establish a cause-and-effect relationship between variables. An example of experimental research is a 2000 study by Prickett and Bridges. The purpose of the study was to determine if the basic song repertoire of vocal/choral music education majors is significantly better than instrumental music education majors. The study revealed no significant difference between the two groups, and that neither group had developed a strong repertoire of standard songs outside of the college music classroom. The impact of the study was the recommendation that professors preparing music education students for their future careers consider adding activities to music education courses that build a strong song repertoire.
Descriptive.
Descriptive research is used to determine what is and is usually conducted for one of three purposes:
There are three broad categories of descriptive research: survey studies, relationship studies, and development studies. 
Survey Studies.
A survey is a systematic method of collecting information on one or more variables. An example of a survey study is a 1998 study by Gillespie and Hamann. The purpose of the study was to gather descriptive information about orchestra programs that can be used as baseline data when considering the needs of school string programs. The findings indicated a continued enrollment increase in school orchestras in the 1990s although the number of orchestra teachers remained stable, and that larger schools are more likely to offer orchestra instruction. The impact of the study was the recommendation that school systems should provide larger, more adequate teaching facilities and that universities and string teachers should emphasize strategies for teaching larger string classes in their teacher preparation programs.
Relationship Studies.
Relationship studies include:
An example of a relationship study is a 2001 study by Broomhead. The purpose of the study was to examine the relationship of individual expressive performance to ensemble achievement, technical achievement, and musical background. The findings indicated no significant relationships between individual and ensemble expressive achievement as well as strong correlations between technical and expressive performance. The impact of the study was grounds for questioning the assumption that expressive ensembles yield expressive individuals.
Development Studies.
Development studies collect information on existing situations, determine relationships, and examine changes in these variables over a period of time. Development studies include:
Historical.
Historical research refers to the collection of data to record and interpret past events. Source materials used by the historical researcher are normally of two kinds, primary and secondary. A primary source is first-hand information, observed directly by the researcher. A secondary source is second-hand information, not original to the researcher. Through the process of external criticism, the researcher learns whether or not the object of scrutiny is authentic. Through the process of internal criticism, the researcher determines if the information contained in the object is credible. An example of historical research is a 1993 study by Gruhn. The purpose of the study was to determine if Lowell Mason's "Manual of the Boston Academy of Music for the Instruction in the Elements of Vocal Music on the System of Pestalozzi" is truly based on Pestalozzian principles. A detailed comparison of the "Manual," a work by Pfeiffer and Nageli, and a work by Kubler revealed that the Pfeiffer and Nageli work is much closer to the ideas advocated by Pestalozzi than the Kubler work, and that Mason's "Manual" is little more than a translation of Kubler.
Philosophical.
Philosophical research is used to examine the underlying principles in any field. An example of philosophical research is a 1999 article by Bennett Reimer published in "The Music Educators Journal": "Facing the Risks of the Mozart Effect." This article is a response to the practice of music educators who advocated music education because of its relationship to spatial task performance. A 1993 research report from the Center for the Neurobiology of Learning and Memory, University of California, Irving by Rauscher, Shaw, and Ky is an example of the research literature that supported what became to be known as "the Mozart Effect." Reimer rejects spatial task performance as justification for music education because, according to Reimer's aesthetic philosophy, music education should be justified by its merit as an art, not for extra-musical reasons.
History of Research in American Music Education.
In 1837 the Connecticut General Assembly voted to collect educational data. Questionnaires were sent to all Connecticut schools in 1838. Eight questions were about music instruction. This was probably the first attempt in the U.S. to collect data on music instruction on a wide-scale basis and perhaps the earliest example of research in music education.
In 1918 the Educational Council was established by the Music Supervisors National Conference (later the Music Educators National Conference or ). The Educational Council published bulletins, mostly based on survey data and including recommendations for the profession. One such bulletin was "The Present Status of Music Instruction in Colleges and High Schools 1919-1920." In 1923 the name of the organization was changed form Educational Council to the National Research Council of Music Education. The name changed again in 1932 to the Music Education Research Council. The "Journal of Research in Music Education" began publication in 1953 under the editorship of Allen Britton. At first many of the articles were based on historical and descriptive research, but in the early 1960s the journal began to shift to experimental research. The Society for Research in Music Education was established in 1960, and in 1963 the "Journal of Research in Music Education" became its official publication. The MENC Historical Center was established in 1965. In 1978, MENC founded several Special Research Interest Groups.
Research Publications.
Price and Chang (2000) provide an overview of the many diverse music education research journals including annotation and publication details for each source. While the "Journal of Research in Music Education" continues to be the dominant journal in the field, other journals include the "Bulletin of the Council for Research in Music Education," "The Missouri Journal of Research in Music Education," "The Bulletin of Research, Contributions to Music Education, The Bulletin of Historical Research in Music Education," and "Update: The Applications of Research in Music Education. "
Handbook of Research on Music Teaching and Learning.
One of the dominant events in the field of music education research was the 1992 publication of the "Handbook of Research on Music Teaching and Learning." Edited by Richard Colwell, the "Handbook" contains fifty-five chapters written by more than seventy scholars. Colwell edited a second volume in 2002, "The New Handbook of Research on Music Teaching and Learning."
To see the shift of emphasis that has taken place in music education research in recent years, one need only compare the contents of the 1992 volume and the 2002 volume. The inclusion of sections on "Conceptual Framework" and "Evaluation" in the 1992 volume is evidence of emphasis on standards and a set body of knowledge. The absence of similar sections in the 2002 volume is evidence of a shift toward a pragmatic philosophical and a constructivist teaching theory. The inclusion of a section on "related arts" in the 2002 volume recalls the research of the late 1960s and 1970s.
References.
Broomhead, P. (2001). Individual expressive performance: Its relationship to ensemble achievement, technical achievement, and musical background. "Journal of Research in Music Education, 49," 71–84. 
Colwell, R. (Ed.). (1992). "Handbook of research on music teaching and learning." New York, NY: Schirmer Books.
Colwell, R., & Richardson, C. (Eds.). (2002). "The new handbook of research on music teaching and learning." New York, NY: Oxford University Press.
Gillespie, R., & Hamann, D. L. (1998). The status of orchestra programs in the public schools. "Journal of Research in Music Education, 46," 75–86. 
Gruhn, W. (1993). Is Lowell Mason's "Manual" based on Pestalozzian principles? An inquiry into the controversy of methods in the nineteenth century. "Bulletin of Historical Research in Music Education, 14," 92–101.
Mark, M. L., & Gary, C. L. (1999). "A history of American music education" (2nd ed.). Reston, VA: National Association for Music Education.
Phelps, R. P., Ferrara, L., & Goolsby, T. W. (1993). "A guide to research in music education." Metuchen, NJ: Scarecrow Press.
Price, H. E., & Chang, E. C. (2000). An annotated bibliography of music education research journals. "Update: Applications of Research in Music Education, 18"(2), 19–26. 
Prickett, C .A., & Bridges, M. S. (2000). A comparison of the basic song repertoire of vocal/choral and instrumental music education majors. "Journal of Research in Music Education, 48," 5–9. 
Reimer, B. (1999). Facing the risks of the "Mozart Effect." "Music Educators Journal, 86"(1), 37–43. 

</doc>
<doc id="20895732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895732" title="Alexander Hamilton (bishop)">
Alexander Hamilton (bishop)

Educated at Malvern and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1940. His first post was as a Curate in Birstall, Leicestershire, after which he was a Chaplain in the RNVR. When peace returned he was Vicar of St Francis, Ashton Gate. Appointed Rural Dean of Central Newcastle in 1962, when Vicar of the Parish Church of St John the Baptist, Grainger Street, he became Bishop of Jarrow three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20895739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895739" title="1983 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1983 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 9th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1983.
Cine Suerte's Karnal won the Best Picture in the 1983 Metro Manila Film Festival. The movie, directed by Marilou Diaz- Abaya, also won four other awards---Manolo Abaya (best Cinematography), Rudy Baldovino (best Sound Engineering), Fred Concepcion (Best Musical Scoring) and Fiel Zabat (Best Production Design). However, it was Lea Productions' Bago Kumalat ang Kamandag that romped away major individual honors--- Anthony Alonzo (Best Actor), Coney Reyes (Best Actress), Alicia Alonzo (Best Supporting Actress), Willie Milan (Best Director and Best Screenplay) and Augusto Salvador (Best Editing). Other awardees include Dennis Roldan (Best Supporting Actor/ Hot Property) and Jaypee de Guzman (Best Child Performer/ Tengteng de Sarapen)
RVQ Productions' Tengteng de Sarapen was the top grosser of the festival. Only eight movies participated.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895740" title="8th parallel north">
8th parallel north

The 8th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 8 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, the Indian Ocean, South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Central America, South America and the Atlantic Ocean.
The parallel defines part of the border between Somalia and Ethiopia. The Eight Degree Channel (Maliku Kandu) in the Indian Ocean is named after the parallel.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 8° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20895755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895755" title="1984 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1984 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 10th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1984.
Cherubim Films' Bulaklak sa City Jail won the Best Picture Award in the 1984 Metro Manila Film Festival. It also received four other major awards--- Best Actress (Nora Aunor); Best Director (Mario O'Hara); Best Story and Best Screenplay (both for Lualhati Bautista). Other awardees include--- Best Actor (Herbert Bautista/ Shake, Rattle & Roll); Best Supporting Actor (Ed Villapol/ Alapaap); Best Supporting Actress (Celia Rodriguez/Bulaklak sa City Jail); Best Cinematography and Best Art Direction (Joe Tutanes/ Alapaap); Best Editing (Jess Navarro/ Shake, Rattle & Roll); Best Music (Jaime Fabregas/ Shake, Rattle & Roll) and Best Child Performer (Chuckie Dreyfuss/ Idol).
A total of nine entries participated in the filmfest and saw the debut of Shake, Rattle and Roll, probably the most successful film series in the history of Philippine cinema.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895761" title="1985 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1985 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 11th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1985.
Ten movies participated in the 1985 Metro Manila Film Festival. Amazaldy Productions' Paradise Inn, a film by Celso Ad.Castillo received five major awards--- Best Picture; Best Actress (Vivian Velez); Best Story (Celso Ad Castillo); Best Cinematography (Romeo Vitug) and Best Editing (Edgardo Vinarao). Triple A Films' The Moises Padilla Story: The Missing Chapter got four awards--- Best Actor (Anthony Alonzo); Best Supporting Actor (Tommy Abuel); Best Screenplay (Tom Adrales) and the Second Best Picture Award. Cherie Gil was awarded the Best Supporting Actress trophy for the movie, God... Save Me!. Lea Productions' Ano ang Kulay ng Mukha ng Diyos? received the most number of awards with six--- Best Director (Lino Brocka); Best Child Performer (Katrin Gonzales); Best Musical Scoring (Willy Cruz); Best Sound Engineering (Rolly Ruta); Best Production Design (Benjie de Guzman) and the Third Best Picture Award.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895788" title="Rosette from Pliska">
Rosette from Pliska

The Rosette from Pliska is an ancient Bulgar bronze artifact found in Pliska, Bulgaria in 1961. The Rosette is dated to the 7th-9th century. It measures around 6 cm in diameter. The Rosette itself is a seven-beam star-medallion with Proto-Bulgar signs on it. On the back of the medallion is carved the Protobulgarian symbol IYI.
Contemporary use.
The Rosette is often used (along with the symbol IYI and first letter from the glagolitic alphabet - ) by nationalist and patriotic movements in Bulgaria.
The Rosette is used as the logo of bTV's documentary series "Bulgarite (Българите)".
References.
by Juha Janhunen, Volker Rybatzki

</doc>
<doc id="20895821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895821" title="New York Nights">
New York Nights

New York Nights is a 1929 crime film directed by Lewis Milestone. It is based on 1928 play "Tin Pan Alley" by Hugh Stanislaus Stange. The film is known for being leading actress Norma Talmadge's first sound film.
Plot.
Jill Deverne is a chorus girl married to alcoholic composer Fred. She wants to show Fred's latest song, "A Year From Today", to racketeer Joe Prividi. Prividi is the producer of the musical show she is working in and agrees to use his song. Fred, however, refuses any favours and rejects Prividi's offer. When Prividi uses the song anyway, Fred and his friend Johnny Dolan become drunk and show up at a nightclub.
In a raid, the police discover Fred with chorus girl Ruthie. Jill is disgusted with his behavior and dumps him. She is soon courted by Prividi, who is very overprotective. At a private party, a gambler forces himself on her and is shot by Prividi. Prividi is arrested and sent to jail. Jill doesn't want to be left behind and plans a future with Fred. Prividi becomes jealous and sends gunmen to shoot and kill Fred. He is eventually stopped and put in jail, while Jill and Fred ride off in a train to start a new life.
Song.
"A Year From Today", the song featured in the film, was composed by Al Jolson, Dave Dreyer and Ballard McDonald. It was sung in four different styles in the movie.
Release.
The film was highly publicized as Talmadge's first talkie. The film, however, received generally negative reviews. Variety praised Talmadge's acting, but called the film a "stiff test" for her. Photoplay wrote that her fans wouldn't be disappointed with her voice, but stated the story was "full of hokum".

</doc>
<doc id="20895828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895828" title="Bang (magazine)">
Bang (magazine)

Bang is a Swedish feminist culture magazine. It was started in 1991 by students at Stockholm University. The current editors in chief are Anneli Carnelid and Johanna Palmström. The magazine is named after Barbro Alving, whose signature was "Bang". There are four issues per year with a circulation of 7 500.

</doc>
<doc id="20895829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895829" title="History of rockets">
History of rockets

The history of rocket vehicles goes back to the 13th century in China. From there developments occurred in Mongolia, India, Britain, America and Russia among many others.
In antiquity.
The availability of black powder (gunpowder) to propel projectiles was a precursor to the development of the first solid rocket. Ninth century Chinese Taoist alchemists invented black powder while searching for the Elixir of life; this invention led to experiments in the form of weapons such as bombs, cannon, incendiary fire arrows and rocket-propelled fire arrows.
Exactly when the first flights of rockets occurred is contested. Some say that the first recorded use of a rocket in battle was by the Chinese in 1232 against the Mongol hordes. There were reports of fire arrows and 'iron pots' that could be heard for 5 leagues (25 km, or 15 miles) when they exploded upon impact, causing devastation for a radius of 600 meters (2,000 feet), apparently due to shrapnel. The lowering of the iron pots may have been a way for a besieged army to blow up invaders. The fire arrows were either arrows with explosives attached, or arrows propelled by gunpowder, such as the Korean Hwacha.
Less controversially, one of the earliest devices recorded that used internal-combustion rocket propulsion was the 'ground-rat,' a type of firework, recorded in 1264 as having frightened the Empress-Mother Kung Sheng at a feast held in her honor by her son the Emperor Lizong.
Subsequently, one of the earliest texts to mention the use of rockets was the "Huolongjing", written by the Chinese artillery officer Jiao Yu in the mid-14th century. This text also mentioned the use of the first known multistage rocket, the 'fire-dragon issuing from the water' (huo long chu shui), used mostly by the Chinese navy. Frank H. Winter proposed in "The Proceedings of the Twentieth and Twenty-First History Symposia of the International Academy of Astronautics" that southern China and the Laotian community rocket festivals might have been key in the subsequent spread of rocketry in the Orient.
Spread of rocket technology.
Rocket technology first became known to Europeans following their use by the Mongols, Genghis Khan and Ögedei Khan, when they conquered parts of Russia, Eastern, and Central Europe. The Mongolians had acquired the Chinese technology by conquest of the northern part of China and also by the subsequent employment of Chinese rocketry experts as mercenaries for the Mongol military. Reports of the Battle of Sejo in the year 1241 describe the use of rocket-like weapons by the Mongols against the Magyars. Rocket technology also spread to Korea, with the 15th century wheeled hwacha that would launch singijeon rockets. These first Korean rockets had an amazingly long range at the time, and were designed and built by Byun Eee-Joong. They were just like arrows but had small explosives attached to the back, and were fired in swarms.
In 1250, the Norwegian "Konungs skuggsjá" mentions, in its military chapter, the use of "coal and sulphur" as the best weapon for ship-to-ship combat.
Roger Bacon made one of the earliest mentions of gunpowder in Europe in 1267, in his work "Epistola de secretis operibus artiis et naturae". His studies of gunpowder greatly improved the range of rockets. Bacon has been credited by some authors as the inventor of gunpowder (although the first to use it were Chinese), because around 1261 he developed the correct formula for gunpowder (75% of saltpeter, 15% of carbon and 10% of sulphur). Jean Froissart had the idea of launching rockets through tubes, so that they could make more accurate flights. Froissart's idea is a forerunner of the modern bazooka.
Additionally, the spread of rockets into Europe was also influenced by the Ottomans at the siege of Constantinople in 1453, although it is very likely that the Ottomans themselves were influenced by the Mongol invasions of the previous few centuries. In their history of rockets published on the Internet, NASA says "Rockets appear in Arab literature in 1258 A.D., describing Mongol invaders' use of them on February 15 to capture the city of Baghdad. Quick to learn, the Arabs adopted the rocket into their own arms inventory and, during the Seventh Crusade, used them against the French Army of King Louis IX in 1268."
Between 1270 and 1280, Hasan al-Rammah wrote "al-furusiyyah wa al-manasib al-harbiyya" ("The Book of Military Horsemanship and Ingenious War Devices"), which included 107 gunpowder recipes, 22 of which are for rockets; he arrived to the same results of Bacon 13 years before, because if one takes the median of 17 of these 22 compositions for rockets (75% nitrates, 9.06% sulphur and 15.94% carbon), it is almost identical with the reported ideal recipe. According to Ahmad Y Hassan, al-Rammah's recipes were more explosive than rockets used in China at the time. He also invented a torpedo running on water with a rocket system filled with explosive materials.
The name "Rocket" comes from the Italian "Rocchetta" (i.e. "little fuse"), a name of a small firecracker created by the Italian artificer Muratori in 1379. Between 1529 and 1556 Conrad Haas wrote a book that described the concept of multi-stage rockets.
""Artis Magnae Artilleriae pars prima"" ("Great Art of Artillery, the First Part", also known as "The Complete Art of Artillery"), first printed in Amsterdam in 1650, was translated to French in 1651, German in 1676, English and Dutch in 1729 and Polish in 1963. For over two centuries, this work of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth nobleman Kazimierz Siemienowicz was used in Europe as a basic artillery manual. The book provided the standard designs for creating rockets, fireballs, and other pyrotechnic devices. It contained a large chapter on caliber, construction, production and properties of rockets (for both military and civil purposes), including multi-stage rockets, batteries of rockets, and rockets with delta wing stabilizers (instead of the common guiding rods).
The Mysore Rocket.
The first iron-cased and metal-cylinder rocket artillery, made from iron tubes, were developed by the weapon suppliers of Tipu Sultan, an Indian ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore, and his father Hyder Ali, in the 1780s. Tipu Sultan championed the use of mass attacks with rocket brigades within the army, and he wrote a military manual on it, the "Fathul Mujahidin". He successfully used these metal-cylinder rockets against the larger forces of the British East India Company during the Anglo-Mysore Wars. The Mysore rockets of this period were much more advanced than what the British had seen, chiefly because of the use of iron tubes for holding the propellant; this enabled higher thrust and longer range for the missile (up to 2 km range). The effect of these weapons on the British during the Second, Third and Fourth Mysore Wars in 1792 was sufficiently impressive to inspire the British to develop their own rocket designs. Several Mysore rockets were sent to England, who then took an active interest in the technology and developed it further during the 19th century.
According to Stephen Oliver Fought and John F. Guilmartin, Jr. in "Encyclopædia Britannica" (2008): "Hyder Ali, prince of Mysore, developed war rockets with an important change: the use of metal cylinders to contain the combustion powder. Although the hammered soft iron he used was crude, the bursting strength of the container of black powder was much higher than the earlier paper construction. Thus a greater internal pressure was possible, with a resultant greater thrust of the propulsive jet. The rocket body was lashed with leather thongs to a long bamboo stick. Range was perhaps up to three-quarters of a mile (more than a kilometre). Although individually these rockets were not accurate, dispersion error became less important when large numbers were fired rapidly in mass attacks. They were particularly effective against cavalry and were hurled into the air, after lighting, or skimmed along the hard dry ground. Hyder Ali's son, Tippu Sultan, continued to develop and expand the use of rocket weapons, reportedly increasing the number of rocket troops from 1,200 to a corps of 5,000. In battles at Seringapatam in 1792 and 1799 these rockets were used with considerable effect against the British."
Although the technique was familiar to Europeans from the 17th century their use fell out of favor until the late 18th century, when Indian forces from Mysore led by Tipu Sultan invented iron rockets for use as rocket artillery against British forces in battle, which led to the British development of the Congreve rocket. Ironically, the technology of metal-cylinder missiles developed by Tipu Sultan contributed to the defeat of his ally Napoleon in the Battle of Waterloo.
Accuracy of early rockets.
The major figure in the field at this time became William Congreve, son of the Comptroller of the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, London. Under the influence of the Mysorean rockets from India, he developed the Congreve rocket. From there, the use of military rockets spread throughout Europe. At the Battle of Baltimore in 1814, the rockets fired on Fort McHenry by the rocket vessel were the source of the "rockets' red glare" described by Francis Scott Key in The Star-Spangled Banner. Rockets were also used in the Battle of Waterloo.
Early rockets were very, very inaccurate. Without the use of spinning or any gimballing of the thrust, they had a strong tendency to veer sharply off course from the desired trajectory. The early British Congreve rockets reduced this somewhat by attaching a long stick to the end of a rocket (similar to modern bottle rockets) to make it harder for the rocket to change course. The largest of the Congreve rockets was the 32-pound (14.5 kg) Carcass, which had a 15-foot (4.6 m) stick. Originally, sticks were mounted on the side, but this was later changed to mounting in the center of the rocket, reducing drag and enabling the rocket to be more accurately fired from a segment of pipe.
Congreve prepared a new propellant mixture, and developed a rocket motor with a strong iron tube with conical nose, weighing about 32 pounds (14.5 kilograms). The Royal Arsenal's first demonstration of solid fuel rockets was in 1805. The rockets were effectively used during the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812. Congreve published three books on rocketry.
In 1815, Alexander Dmitrievich Zasyadko began his work on creating military gunpowder rockets. He constructed rocket-launching platforms, which allowed to fire in salvos (6 rockets at a time), and gun-laying devices. Zasyadko elaborated a tactic for military use of rocket weaponry. In 1820, Zasyadko was appointed head of the Petersburg Armory, Okhtensky Powder Factory, pyrotechnic laboratory and the first Highest Artillery School in Russia. He organized rocket production in a special rocket workshop and created the first rocket sub-unit in the Russian army.
The accuracy problem was mostly solved in 1844 when William Hale modified the rocket design so that thrust was slightly vectored, causing the rocket to spin along its axis of travel like a bullet. The Hale rocket removed the need for a rocket stick, travelled further due to reduced air resistance, and was far more accurate.
Early manned rocketry.
According to legend, a manned rocket sled with 47 gunpowder-filled rockets was attempted in China by Wan Hu in the 16th Century. The alleged flight is said to have been interrupted by an explosion at the start, and the pilot did not seem to have survived (he was never found). There are no known Chinese sources for this event, and the earliest known account is an unsourced reference in a book by an American, Herbert S. Zim in 1945.
In Ottoman Turkey in 1633, according to one account, Lagari Hasan Çelebi launched in a 7 winged rocket using 50 okka (140 lbs) of gunpowder from Sarayburnu, the point below Topkapı Palace, and made a successful landing – winning him a position in the Ottoman army. As told, the flight was accomplished as a part of celebrations performed for the birth of Ottoman Emperor Murat IV's daughter and was rewarded by the sultan; there are no known sultanate records of the event or reward. The flight was estimated to have lasted about 200 seconds and the maximum height reached around 300 meters. 
On 15 March 1928, Fritz von Opel tested his first rocket-powered car, the RAK.1 and achieved a top speed of 75 km/h (47 mph) in it, proving the concept. Less than two months later, he reached a speed of 230 km/h (143 mph) in the RAK.2, driven by 24 solid-fuel rockets. 
The Lippisch Ente a rocket-powered glider was produced on June 11, 1928, piloted by Fritz Stamer.
The aircraft exploded on its second test flight, before von Opel had a chance to pilot it himself, so he commissioned in a new aircraft, also called the RAK.1 from Julius Hatry, and flew it at Frankfurt-am-Main on 30 September 1929. In the meantime, another mishap had claimed the RAK.3, a rocket-powered railway car powered by 30 solid-fuel rockets and which reached a speed of 254 km/h (157 mph).
Theories of interplanetary rocketry.
In 1903, high school mathematics teacher Konstantin Tsiolkovsky (1857–1935) published "Исследование мировых пространств реактивными приборами" ("The Exploration of Cosmic Space by Means of Reaction Devices"), the first serious scientific work on space travel. The Tsiolkovsky rocket equation—the principle that governs rocket propulsion—is named in his honor (although it had been discovered previously). He also advocated the use of liquid hydrogen and oxygen as fuel, calculating their maximum exhaust velocity. His work was essentially unknown outside the Soviet Union, but inside the country it inspired further research, experimentation and the formation of the Society for Studies of Interplanetary Travel in 1924.
In 1912, Robert Esnault-Pelterie published a lecture on rocket theory and interplanetary travel. He independently derived Tsiolkovsky's rocket equation, did basic calculations about the energy required to make round trips to the Moon and planets, and he proposed the use of atomic power (i.e. radium) to power a jet drive.
Robert Goddard began a serious analysis of rockets in 1912, concluding that conventional solid-fuel rockets needed to be improved in three ways.
First, fuel should be burned in a small combustion chamber, instead of building the entire propellant container to withstand the high pressures. Second, rockets could be arranged in stages. And third, the exhaust speed (and thus the efficiency) could be greatly increased to beyond the speed of sound by using a De Laval nozzle. He patented these concepts in 1914. He also independently developed the mathematics of rocket flight. He proved that a rocket would work in a vacuum, which many scientists did not believe at the time.
In 1920, Goddard published these ideas and experimental results in "A Method of Reaching Extreme Altitudes". The work included remarks about sending a solid-fuel rocket to the Moon, which attracted worldwide attention and was both praised and ridiculed. A New York Times editorial suggested that Professor Goddard: ""does not know of the relation of action to reaction, and the need to have something better than a vacuum against which to react—to say that would be absurd"" but that ""there are such things as intentional mistakes or oversights.""
Goddard's historical impact was diminished by the fact that he worked much in secret, though he offered his services to the military but was mostly ignored. This secrecy was prompted in part by his bad experience with the press and in part by his belief that his ideas were being plagiarized by foreign scientists. He was also in bad health and did not want to waste time helping amateurs and arguing with other scientists who did not understand this new science.
In 1923, Hermann Oberth (1894–1989) published "Die Rakete zu den Planetenräumen" ("The Rocket into Planetary Space"), a version of his doctoral thesis, after the University of Munich rejected it.
In 1924, Tsiolkovsky also wrote about multi-stage rockets, in 'Cosmic Rocket Trains'
Modern rocketry.
Pre–World War II.
Modern rockets were born when Goddard attached a supersonic (de Laval) nozzle to a liquid-fueled rocket engine's combustion chamber. These nozzles turn the hot gas from the combustion chamber into a cooler, hypersonic, highly directed jet of gas, more than doubling the thrust and raising the engine efficiency from 2% to 64%. Early rockets had been grossly inefficient because of the thermal energy that was wasted in the exhaust gases. In 1926, Robert Goddard launched the world's first liquid-fueled rocket in Auburn, Massachusetts.
During the 1920s, a number of rocket research organizations appeared in the United States, Austria, Britain, Czechoslovakia, France, Italy, Germany, and Russia. In the mid-1920s, German scientists had begun experimenting with rockets which used liquid propellants capable of reaching relatively high altitudes and distances.
1927 the German car manufacturer Opel began to research with rockets together with Mark Valier and the rocket builder Friedrich Wilhelm Sander. In 1928, Fritz von Opel drove with a rocket car, the Opel-RAK.1 on the Opel raceway in Rüsselsheim, Germany. In 1929 von Opel started at the Frankfurt-Rebstock airport with the Opel-Sander RAK 1-airplane. This was maybe the first flight with a manned rocket-aircraft.
In 1927 and also in Germany, a team of amateur rocket engineers had formed the "Verein für Raumschiffahrt" (German Rocket Society, or VfR), and in 1931 launched a liquid propellant rocket (using oxygen and gasoline).
Gas Dynamics Laboratory was established on May 15, 1929 to develop electronic (ETD) and liquid (LRE) rocket engines.
GIRD was established on September 15, 1931. There were a number of amateur groups and solitary researchers in existence, but GIRD was the world's first large professional rocketry program.
From 1931 to 1937, the most extensive scientific work on rocket engine design occurred in Leningrad, at the Gas Dynamics Laboratory. Well-funded and staffed, over 10 experimental engines were built under the direction of Valentin Glushko. The work included regenerative cooling, hypergolic propellant ignition, and fuel injector designs that included swirling and bi-propellant mixing injectors. However, the work was curtailed by Glushko's arrest during Stalinist purges in 1938. Similar work was also done by the Austrian professor Eugen Sänger who worked on rocket-powered spaceplanes such as Silbervogel (sometimes called the 'antipodal' bomber.)
On 16 May 1932 Mikhail Tukhachevsky filed a memorandum to the effect that GIRD and the State Gas Dynamics Laboratory (GDL) of Leningrad should be combined, and the result was the Reaction-Engine Scientific Research Institute (RNII), founded on 21 September 1933.
On November 12, 1932 at a farm in Stockton NJ, the American Interplanetary Society's attempt to static fire their first rocket (based on German Rocket Society designs) fails in a fire.
In 1932, the "Reichswehr" (which in 1935 became the "Wehrmacht") began to take an interest in rocketry. Artillery restrictions imposed by the Treaty of Versailles limited Germany's access to long distance weaponry. Seeing the possibility of using rockets as long-range artillery fire, the Wehrmacht initially funded the VfR team, but seeing that their focus was strictly scientific, created its own research team. At the behest of military leaders, Wernher von Braun, at the time a young aspiring rocket scientist, joined the military (followed by two former VfR members) and developed long-range weapons for use in World War II by Nazi Germany, notably the A-series of rockets, which led to the infamous V-2 rocket (initially called A4).
World War II.
In 1943, production of the V-2 rocket began. The V-2 had an operational range of and carried a 1000 kg (2204 lb) warhead, with an amatol explosive charge. Highest point of altitude of its flight trajectory is 90 km. The vehicle was only different in details from most modern rockets, with turbopumps, inertial guidance and many other features. Thousands were fired at various Allied nations, mainly England, as well as Belgium and France. While they could not be intercepted, their guidance system design and single conventional warhead meant that the V-2 was insufficiently accurate against military targets. The later versions however, were more accurate, sometimes within metres, and could be devastating. 2,754 people in England were killed, and 6,523 were wounded before the launch campaign was terminated. While the V-2 did not significantly affect the course of the war, it provided a lethal demonstration of the potential for guided rockets as weapons.
Under "Projekt Amerika" Nazi Germany also tried to develop and use the first submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBMs) and the first intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) A9/A10 "Amerika-Raketen" to bomb New York and other American cities. The tests of SLBM-variants of the A4 rocket was achieved with U-boat submarines towing launch platforms. The second stage of the A9/A10 rocket was tested a few times in January, February and March 1945.
In parallel with the guided missile programme in Nazi Germany, rockets were also used on aircraft, either for assisting horizontal take-off (JATO), vertical take-off (Bachem Ba 349 "Natter") or for powering them (Me 163, etc.). During the war Germany also developed several guided and unguided air-to-air, ground-to-air and ground-to-ground missiles (see list of World War II guided missiles of Germany).
The Allies' rocket programmes were much less sophisticated, relying mostly on unguided missiles like the Soviet Katyusha rocket.
Post World War II.
At the end of World War II, competing Russian, British, and U.S. military and scientific crews raced to capture technology and trained personnel from the German rocket program at Peenemünde. Russia and Britain had some success, but the United States benefited the most. The US captured a large number of German rocket scientists (many of whom were members of the Nazi Party, including von Braun) and brought them to the United States as part of Operation Paperclip. In America, the same rockets that were designed to rain down on Britain were used instead by scientists as research vehicles for developing the new technology further. The V-2 evolved into the American Redstone rocket, used in the early space program.
After the war, rockets were used to study high-altitude conditions, by radio telemetry of temperature and pressure of the atmosphere, detection of cosmic rays, and further research; notably for the Bell X-1 to break the sound barrier. This continued in the U.S. under von Braun and the others, who were destined to become part of the U.S. scientific complex.
Independently, research continued in the Soviet Union under the leadership of the chief designer Sergei Korolev. With the help of German technicians, the V-2 was duplicated and improved as the R-1, R-2 and R-5 missiles. German designs were abandoned in the late 1940s, and the foreign workers were sent home. A new series of engines built by Glushko and based on inventions of Aleksei Mihailovich Isaev formed the basis of the first ICBM, the R-7. The R-7 launched the first satellite- Sputnik, and later Yuri Gagarin-the first man into space, and the first lunar and planetary probes. This rocket is still in use today. These epoch marking events attracted the attention of top politicians, along with more money for further research.
One problem that had not been solved was reentry- it had been shown that an orbital vehicle easily had enough kinetic energy to vapourise itself, and yet it was known that meteorites can make it down to the ground. The mystery was solved in 1951 by H. Julian Allen and A. J. Eggers, Jr. of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) made the counterintuitive discovery that a blunt shape (high drag) made the most effective heat shield, and this permitted recovery of orbital vehicles. 
The Allen and Eggers discovery, though initially treated as a military secret, was eventually published in 1958. The Blunt Body theory made possible the heat shield designs that were embodied in the Mercury, Gemini and Apollo space capsules, enabling astronauts to survive the fiery reentry into Earth's atmosphere.
Rockets became extremely important militarily in the form of modern intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) when it was realised that nuclear weapons carried on a rocket vehicle were essentially not defensible against once launched, and ICBM/Launch vehicles such as the R-7, Atlas and Titan became the delivery platform of choice for these weapons.
Fueled partly by the Cold War, the 1960s became the decade of rapid development of rocket technology particularly in the Soviet Union (Vostok, Soyuz, Proton) and in the United States (e.g. the X-15 and X-20 Dyna-Soar aircraft). There was also significant research in other countries, such as Britain, Japan, Australia, etc. and their growing use for Space exploration, with pictures returned from the far side of the Moon and unmanned flights for Mars exploration.
In America the manned programmes, Project Mercury, Project Gemini and later the Apollo programme culminated in 1969 with the first manned landing on the moon via the Saturn V, causing the New York Times to retract their earlier editorial implying that spaceflight couldn't work:
""Further investigation and experimentation have confirmed the findings of Isaac Newton in the 17th century and it is now definitely established that a rocket can function in a vacuum as well as in an atmosphere. The Times regrets the error.""
In the 1970s America made further lunar landings, before abandoning the Apollo launch vehicle. The replacement vehicle, the partially reusable 'Space Shuttle' was intended to be cheaper, but this large reduction in costs was largely not achieved. Meanwhile in 1973, the expendable Ariane programme was begun, a launcher that by the year 2000 would capture much of the geosat market.
Missiles.
The word "missile" can mean any thrown or fired object (see wikt:missile), but often it means a weapon used by the military, which is a rocket that explodes on impact.
Current day.
Rockets remain a popular military weapon. The use of large battlefield rockets of the V-2 type has given way to guided missiles. However rockets are often used by helicopters and light aircraft for ground attack, being more powerful than machine guns, but without the recoil of a heavy cannon and In the 1950s there was a brief vogue for air-to-air rockets, ending with the AIR-2 'Genie' nuclear rocket, but by the early 1960s these had largely been abandoned in favor of air-to-air missiles. Current artillery systems as the MLRS or BM-30 Smerch launch multiple rockets to saturate battlefield targets with munitions.
Economically, rocketry is the enabler of all space technologies, particularly satellites - many of which impact people's everyday lives in almost countless ways, such as navigation, telecommunications, and weather forecasting.
Scientifically, rocketry has opened a window on our universe, allowing the launch of space probes to explore our solar system, satellites to view the Earth itself, and space-based telescopes to obtain a clearer view of the rest of the universe.
However, in the minds of much of the public, the most important use of rockets is perhaps manned spaceflight. Vehicles such as the Space Shuttle for scientific research, the Soyuz for orbital tourism and SpaceShipOne for suborbital tourism may show a trend towards greater commercialisation of manned rocketry, away from government funding, and towards more widespread access to space.

</doc>
<doc id="20895833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895833" title="Frank Sanders">
Frank Sanders

Frank Sanders may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20895841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895841" title="1986 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1986 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 12th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1986.
The 1986 Metro Manila Film Festival was considered the worst in the 12-year history of the annual 10-day festival of local movies. For the first time, it did not give out the traditional first and second best picture awards. Two other categories--- best story and best screenplay were not also given. "No one of the seven entries deserved these awards," according to Tingting Cojuangco, one of the jurors. NCV productions' Halimaw romped away 10 of the 12 awards--- Best Director (Mario O'Hara/ Banga Episode); Best Actor (Mario O'Hara/ Banga ep.); Best Actress (Liza Lorena/ Banga Ep.); Best Supporting Actress (Maritess Gutierrez/ Banga Ep.); Best Child Performer (Ian Kristoffer de Leon/ Banga Ep.); Best Musical Score (Jaime Fabregas); Best Production Design (Frank Rivera); Best Editing (Efren Jarlego); Best Sound (Rodel Capule) and Third Best Picture Award. Romy Vitug won the Best Cinematography Award for Celso Ad. Castillo's Payaso and Chris Ad Castillo, the director's son received the Best Supporting Actor Award for Augusto Buenaventura's Bagets Gang.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895861" title="1987 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1987 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 13th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1987.
Olongapo...The Great American Dream was adjudged Best Picture in the 1987 Metro Manila Film Festival. It also won three other awards--- Best Supporting Actress (Susan Africa); Best Screenplay (Frank Vrechek, Alan Cummings and Ricky Lee) and Best Sound. Anthony Alonzo received the Best Actor Award for Anak Badjao and Melanie Marquez was awarded the Best Actress Award for The Untold Story of Melanie Marquez. Other awardees include--- Best Supporting Actor (Roderick Paulate/ 1+1=12+1); Best Director (Artemio Marquez / The Untold Story of Melanie Marquez); Best Child Star (Che-Che Sta.Ana/ Action Is Not Missing); Best Editing (Pio Salvador/ The Untold Story of Melanie Marquez); Best Musical Score (Marita Manuel/ The Untold Story of Melanie Marquez); Best Story (Melanie Marquez/ The Untold Story of Melanie Marquez); Best Cinematography (Apolinario Cuenca/ Anak Badjao); Best Production Design (Apel Salonga/ Huwag Mong Buhayin ang Bangkay).
Only six entries participated in the 10-day festival.
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895869" title="Larry Sanders">
Larry Sanders

Larry Sanders may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20895890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895890" title="1988 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1988 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 14th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1988.
An unheralded and obscure movie, Patrolman was named Best Picture in the 1988 Metro Manila Film Festival. The lead star, unknown stuntman-actor Baldo Marro won the Best Actor award for his role as a dedicated policeman edging out the favored Christopher de Leon. Amy Austria won the Best Actress award for her convincing performance of a woman who led a life of crime in Bubbles: Ativan Gang. Other awardees are: Best Director (Laurice Guillen/ Magkano ang Iyong Dangal?); Best Supporting Actor (Dick Israel/ Patrolman); Best Supporting Actress (Jacklyn Jose/ Itanong Mo sa Buwan); Best Child Performer (R.R. Herrera/ Agila ng Maynila); Best Cinematography (Romeo Vitug); Best Screenplay (Carlo J. Caparas and Tony Mortel/ Bubbles:Ativan Gang); Best Story (Carlo J. Caparas and Tony Mortel/ Bubbles:Ativan Gang); Best Production Design (Manny Morfe/ Pik Pak Boom); Best Sound (Itanong Mo sa Buwan); Best Editing (Magkano ang Iyong Dangal?) Best Musical Score (Magkano ang Iyong Dangal?).
FPJ Productions' Agila ng Maynila was the festival's top grosser. Only six entries participated in the 10-day film festival. 
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895892" title="EveryWAN Mobility Manager">
EveryWAN Mobility Manager

EveryWAN Mobility Manager is a Mobile Device Management platform that acts as a centralized control center to enable management of large numbers of mobile handheld devices. 
Sparus Software is the company developing the EveryWAN Mobility Manager software, and has offices in Paris, France and Wantage, United Kingdom.
EveryWAN Mobility Manager has won awards like the Syntec Innovation Grand Prize 2008 and the 2007 Innovation Trophy from La Tribune.

</doc>
<doc id="20895914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895914" title="Censorship in Nazi Germany">
Censorship in Nazi Germany

Almost all Modernist art was considered degenerate art by the Nazi regime. Amongst those who were suppressed both during the Nazi book burnings and the attempt to destroy modernist fine art in the "degenerate"art exhibition were:
Philosophers, and sociologists were suppressed by the Nazi regime:
To avoid censorship of books they were often given an innocent looking cover, so called Tarnschriften.

</doc>
<doc id="20895930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895930" title="Ian Cottage">
Ian Cottage

Ian Cottage is a British film director and writer.
The British Film Institute has described Ian Cottage as one of the top six new directors in the UK. Ewen Bremner (Julien Donkey Boy, Trainspotting) described Sleep as: "a big, searching serious film, which in my opinion breaks out of the genre and shows us where the new filmmakers are leading".
Cottage has made 21 films, 10 of which were specifically made to be broadcast on British television. In recent years, he has turned to longer dramatic forms and has written and directed three in the last three years.
Composer Roger Redgate has provided the score for many of Cottage's films, including the short film "Small Gestures" with Derek Jarman.
Cottage has recently completed "Keel" (2008), a ghost story. He is currently working on Blackbird for production in 2009.
Ian Cottage currently works at Northumbria University, as a lecturer in Media, Communications and Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20895932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895932" title="1989 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1989 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 15th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1989.
Vilma Santos and Christopher de Leon received top honors winning the Best Actress and Best Actor trophies in the 1989 Metro Manila Film Festival. Their movie, Viva Productions' Imortal wins the Best Picture award and eight other awards- Best Director (Eddie Garcia); Best Supporting Actress (Cherie Gil); Best Story and Screenplay ( Orlando Nadres); Best Film Editing (Ike Jarlego, Jr.); Best Production Design ( Elmer Manapul); Best Musical Score and Best Original Song (George Canseco).
Seiko Films' Ang Bukas ay Akin won three awards--- Best Supporting Actor (Cesar Montano); Best Cinematography (Romeo Vitug) and Best Sound (Albert Rima). The Best Child Performer award went to Atong Redillas for the movie, Ang Mahiwagang Daigdig ni Elias Paniki. 
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895946" title="1990 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1990 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 16th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1990.
MRN Film International’s Andrea, Paano Ba ang Maging Isang Ina? topped the 1990 Metro Manila Film Festival with eleven awards--- Best Picture, Best Actress (Nora Aunor), Best Supporting Actress (Gina Alajar), Best Director (Gil Portes), Best Editing (Boy Vinarao), Best Musical Score and Best Original Theme Song (Mon Faustino), Best Original Story and Best Screenplay (Ricky Lee and Gil Portes), Best Studio Sound Recording (Rolly Ruta) and The Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Award.
Other awardees--- Best Actor (Dolphy/ Espadang Patpat); Best Supporting Actor (Robert Arevalo/ Ama Bakit Mo Ako Pinabayaan); Best Child Performers (Vandolph Quizon/ Espadang Patpat and Guila Alvarez/ Ama Bakit Mo Ako Pinabayaan); Best Field Sound Recording (Conrado Radoban/ Ama Bakit Mo Ako Pinabayaan); Best Production Design (Don Escudero/ Shake, Rattle & Roll II); Best Cinematography (Pedro Manding/ Ama Bakit Mo Ako Pinabayaan); Best Visual Effects (Sammy Arranzamendez and Benny Batoccoy/ Shake, Rattle & Roll II); Best Make-up (Denni Tan, Dominique Nazareth and Andrea Manahan/ Shake, Rattle & Roll II).
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20895951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895951" title="Breakin' My Heart (Pretty Brown Eyes)">
Breakin' My Heart (Pretty Brown Eyes)

"Breakin' My Heart (Pretty Brown Eyes)" is the second single from R&B group Mint Condition's 1991 album "Meant to Be Mint". The song rose to #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and #3 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The song was ranked #6 on Billboards year-end Hot Hip-Hop/R&B chart in 1992.
There was also a remix version of the song which predominately features a piano background along with the original vocals.
On Amerie's album, "In Love & War" a song of the same name featuring Trey Songz samples the song. It was also covered by R&B/rock band, Rush Hour.

</doc>
<doc id="20895956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895956" title="Tom Nardini">
Tom Nardini

Tom Nardini (Born April 16, 1945) is an American film and television actor.
Early life.
Born in Los Angeles, California, in 1945 as Thomas Nardino, he was the son of Audrey and Bill Nardino. He attended Morningside High School in Inglewood, CA, graduating in 1963.
Career.
He was nominated for a Golden Globe for his role in "Cat Ballou" in 1966.
He began duty in the Air Force reserve in 1966, based in Riverside, California. He attended Morningside High School, Inglewood, California.
One of his best known films is "Cat Ballou", where he co-starred. Tom played Jackson Two-Bears, Cat Ballou's best friend and farm assistant. "Cat Ballou" stars Jane Fonda and Lee Marvin.

</doc>
<doc id="20895958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895958" title="Houses in Poland">
Houses in Poland

Houses in Poland can be divided into three categories: residential houses, recreational houses and mansions and palaces.
Housing styles.
During the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and the 19th century when Poland did not exist as an independent country, there was a large aristocracy that built country palaces (Dwór). Members of this elite also had residences in a major city or town but, as in France, these were large lateral apartments rather than town houses. Therefore houses built before the Second World War tend to fall into two types: palaces and 2-4 room wooden houses. In some towns such as Zakopane and Nałęczów stunning examples of town houses still exist but they are the exception rather than the norm.
After the Second World War brick built houses became more popular and led to a distinctive style during the 1960s and 1970s. In the last 25 years there has been exceptional growth in Polish wealth which has allowed many Poles to build their own property. Unlike many European countries there has been less pressure on land (until very recently) which has led to hundreds of thousands of new properties being constructed, mostly by the owner to their own specification although there is a certain style involved. This new wealth has also allowed many Poles to purchase recreational land for summer and weekend use. Here they often build smaller houses not meant for the winter.
Residential houses.
Pre war houses
The pre-war stucco house is usually a one storey bungalow. It will have a kitchen with a wood or coal burning stove that will also provide heat to the rest of the property. The windows are not double glazed in the usual sense but are of the traditional stucco. There is one window on the inside of the property opening inwards and one on the outside opening outwards. Some of these houses have been modernised to add internal bathrooms but mostly not, and so although they were once inhabited 12 months of the year many are now regarded as stucco houses suitable for weekend and summer use.
1960s and 1970s.
After the Second World War a growing middle class emerged in Poland and brick-built houses became popular. These are generally constructed out of large ceramic bricks (for good insulation) and the outside is then plastered over and painted.
Their layouts are broadly similar. There is a lower ground floor which is half below ground level and usually has small windows. Here there are storage rooms, sometimes a garage and often a second kitchen (or "summer kitchen"). The lower ground floor was used for drying meat, storing vegetables, etc., and acting as a useful insulation level.
They are still useful; many have their own external door, and so have become offices for small businesses. On the raised ground floor are the reception room, main kitchen, bathroom and bedrooms. These may not be the most picturesque of houses but the majority are solid, well built and extremely practical.
Two-family houses.
These houses often have a second and third storey. These can contain the expected bedrooms and bathrooms, but many also have a kitchen on each floor. The reason is that a number of these houses were designed by their owners as "two-family houses" (or "three-family houses"). This was a practical move, often in preparation to provide separate space for sons or daughters (who married and had children of their own) while they were saving for their own house. Today they are equally useful as holiday lets or long term rentals. A two-family home can provide the foreign investor with the ability to buy a house and then rent part of it out thus ensuring someone is on site all year round while still giving them a holiday space whenever they want it.
1980s and 1990s.
In the late 1970s and 1980s, there was a property boom fuelled by loans from the Soviet Union. This boom has continued, and the trend has been away from practicality, and towards "impressing the neighbours".
The lower ground floor layout has remained in most houses, providing garage space, storage areas, games rooms, saunas and more. As before, these often have their own front door, so they can easily be converted into offices.
The result is that most modern Polish houses are excellent, both for living in and for running a business. The raised ground floor now houses the kitchen (usually the only one) and a reception room, with doors leading out onto a terrace and down to the garden, also a bathroom and perhaps a bedroom or office. Upstairs are the expected bedrooms and bathroom(s).
The style now is grandeur. Not square houses, but ones with contours and definition, large entrance halls, sweeping reception rooms, heavily decorated bathrooms with corner hydromassage tubs and more. Some properties have become disproportionate to the land they are on, leaving the owner with a large house surrounded by a very small garden. 
Recreational houses.
Polish recreational houses are houses which have been built for use in the summer or at weekends. They are not usually insulated to the same extent as residential houses and some do not have double glazing. This type of house is a growing trend. Increased wealth has allowed some Poles to buy a second plot of land, perhaps near a lake, forest or the sea, that they can use during the hot summers. Some are brick built but the majority have been constructed from wood. They have a kitchenette, reception room and (usually in the attic) a couple of bedrooms. The majority have bathrooms or at least a toilet and shower but this is not always the case. With such hot summers many have an outside toilet and shower. With temperatures reaching over 40 degrees Celsius these are a popular option, not a downside. These properties can either be found scattered across the countryside or in complexes of all sizes ranging from four or five to hundred houses. The more isolated tend to be more peaceful while the ones in complexes usually have better amenities nearby, like bars, restaurants and shops. In addition, many of the pre-war houses, originally intended for year-round residence, are now sold as recreational houses; many of these only have two bedrooms.
Mansions and palaces.
The Polish aristocracy built palaces of all shapes and sizes, each with from ten to a hundred rooms. During socialist times many of these were confiscated by the authorities and fell into disrepair. Hence these properties tend not to be put on the market by individuals or agents, but by government bodies. Some have already been renovated while others require significant investment. Their main use today is seen as hotels, conference centres, etc., although private individuals looking for a large residency have snapped up a large number already.
References.
The original text for this article was taken from www.mamdom.com and reproduced with the permission of the site's owner

</doc>
<doc id="20895965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895965" title="Gate I">
Gate I

Gate I is the fourth album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21, 1998. It is also the second in a small series of albums released by Iceman from 1999 until their official departure from the Japanese music scene in 2003. This series includes three studio albums (Gate II, Gate I, and Gate//White), as well as 1 remix album and 1 “analog” album (gate out - 1st remix album and gate out - 1st analog album, respectively). Track 8 on this album, “Gate I”, was also rerecorded by Daisuke Asakura and released as a single, being part of his 2008 project “Da Metaverse ~100 songs for 1000 days~".

</doc>
<doc id="20895976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895976" title="Herbert Russell">
Herbert Russell

Herbert (Herb) Y. Russell was a Canadian ice hockey player who played for the Ottawa Hockey Club in the 1880s and 1890s. He was captain of the team that won three successive Ontario championships and held the Canadian championship in 1892.
Playing career.
Russell played for the Ottawa Hockey Club from 1890 until 1896. He was captain from 1891 through 1893. His best seasons were in 1893–94 and 1894–95 when in both seasons he scored 10 goals in eight games. He left Ottawa after the 1896 season. Starting in the 1898–99 season, Russell played four seasons of professional hockey in the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Bankers and Pittsburgh Duquesne clubs.
A draftsman for the Geological Survey of Canada during his time in Ottawa, moved to Colorado for an engineering position.

</doc>
<doc id="20895978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895978" title="Bridges and Powerlines">
Bridges and Powerlines

Bridges and Powerlines is a Brooklyn indie pop band. Their style is influenced by electronic and indie-rock. The band has cited indie forefathers the Zombies, Guided by Voices and the Elephant 6 Collective as influences, and has coined the phrase ‘optimist fuzz pop’ to describe their music. The band has stated that their common love is the pursuit of intricately arranged three-minute pop songs.
Biography.
The band formed in the summer of 2005 under the name Sunspots but underwent an early name-change for legal reasons. Original members included Andrew Wood, Keith Sigel, Peter Mucek and Jon Crockett. Their self-titled debut EP was released on their label CityBird records in September 2006 and received praise from a variety of sources, earning the tag "band to watch."
The success of their EP attracted producer Chris Zane, known for his work with Passion Pit, The Walkmen and White Rabbits, and the band spent much of 2007 writing and recording. The band released their debut LP "Ghost Types" in April 2008, drawing numerous favorable mentions from outlets such as Paste Magazine, PopMatters, Yahoo Music and Pitchfork.
These records were followed by numerous tours including annual appearances at South by Southwest and CMJ. Jon Crockett departed from the band in 2008 for personal reasons, and David Boyd joined as the new guitarist.
In 2011 they released their follow-up album, "Eve", which the band stated was a representation of the culmination of their thoughts on life prior to September 11, 2001. With producer Kieran Kelley, best known for his work on the Sufjan Stephens record Illinois, the band spent three months in the studio creating the album. Critics praised their efforts, with Popmatters calling Eve “a big winner” and RSLblog proclaiming it “ridiculously addictive” 
After "Eve", Peter Mucek and the band parted ways on amicable terms, and Mason Ingram, who played percussion on the record, joined as the new drummer. Over the next two years the band's live shows continued to draw acclaim, with The New Yorker calling Bridges and Powerlines "an appealing indie quartet."
The band ventured into the studio in late 2012 to begin recording again. The new EP, titled "Better", was once again produced by Kieran Kelly, features guest appearances by members of Bon Iver and was mixed by Adam Lasus, known for his work with Yo La Tengo and Clap Your Hands Say Yeah. The band has stated that the EP draws on the frenetic, often dissonant indie rock that has always inspired them and features a return to the nervous energy that defined their earliest releases. The record is expected to be released in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20895994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20895994" title="Dynamic Voltage Restoration">
Dynamic Voltage Restoration

Dynamic Voltage Restoration (DVR) is a method and apparatus used to sustain, or restore, an operational electric load during sags, or spikes, in voltage supply. Often used in manufacturing areas requiring significant power to run tools/equipment, and utility plants, this custom device mitigates potential damage to equipment and undesirable slowdowns to the production line caused by an abrupt change in electric load. This method uses critical devices such as an automatic Transfer switch and IGBT Modules in order to operate.
External links.
Dynamic Voltage Restorer and Its application at LV & MV Level
http://www.ijser.org/researchpaper%5CDynamic-Voltage-Restorer-and-Its-application-at-LV-MV-Level.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="20896007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896007" title="First Lutheran Church (Dayton, Ohio)">
First Lutheran Church (Dayton, Ohio)

The First Lutheran Church is an historic Lutheran church located at 138 West First Street in Dayton, Ohio, United States. On March 29, 1983, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The building was designed by Peters, Burns, & Pretzinger.

</doc>
<doc id="20896009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896009" title="1991 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1991 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 17th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1991.
MRN Film International’s Ang Totoong Buhay ni Pacita M. romped away with eight awards in the 1991 Metro Manila Film Festival--- Best Picture, Best Actress (Nora Aunor); Best Director (Elwood Perez); Best Screenplay and Best Original Story (Ricky Lee); Best Film Editor (George Jarlego); Best Musical Score (Danny Tan) and Best Theme Song (Lucio San Pedro).
FLT Film International’s Juan Tamad at Mister Shooli sa Mongolian Barbeque (The Movie) received seven awards--- Best Actor (Eric Quizon); Best Supporting Actor (Leo Martinez); Best Cinematography (Johnny Arajo); Best Sound Recording (Gaudencio Barredo); Best Production Design (Edel Templonuevo); the festival’s Second Best Picture and the Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Awards.
Viva Films’ Darna had four awards--- Best Supporting Actress (Tetchie Agbayani); Best Make-up Artist (Cecille Baun); Best Visual Special Effects (Carlos Lacap); and the festival’s Third Best Picture. The Best Child Performer went to Aiza Seguerra for Regal Films’ Okay Ka Fairy Ko, The Movie. 
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20896011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896011" title="FIBA Asia Cup">
FIBA Asia Cup

The FIBA Asia Cup, between 2004 and 2010 known as the FIBA Asia Stanković Cup, is a basketball tournament which takes place every two years between teams of the continent.
The second tournament was supposed to be held in Damascus, Syria in 2006, but got cancelled due to political situation.

</doc>
<doc id="20896023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896023" title="Blondie of the Follies">
Blondie of the Follies

Blondie of the Follies is a 1932 comedy film directed by Edmund Goulding and written by Anita Loos and Frances Marion.

</doc>
<doc id="20896025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896025" title="1992 Metro Manila Film Festival">
1992 Metro Manila Film Festival

The 18th Metro Manila Film Festival was held in 1992.
Screen hearthrob and matinee idol Aga Muhlach copped his first major award by winning the Best Actor trophy for the movie, Bakit Labis Kitang Mahal. The movie also won three other awards--- Best Supporting Actor (Ariel Rivera); Best Musical Score (Dionisio Buencamino) and Best Original Theme Song (Alex Mallillin).
Viva Films’ Andres Manambit: Angkan ng Matatapang was adjudged the festival’s Best Picture. It also received four other awards--- Best Director and Best Editing (Ike Jarlego, Jr.); Best Sound Recording (Rolly Ruta) and Best Original Story (Humilde ‘Meek’ Roxas).
Other awardees--- Best Actress (Gina Alajar/ Shake, Rattle, Roll 4); Best Supporting Actress (Sylvia Sanchez/ Takbo, Talon, Tili); Best Child Performer ( I.C. Mendoza/ SRR 4); Best Screenplay (Ricky Lee and Jose Bartolone/ Takbo…); Best Cinematography (Arnold Alvaro and Ramon Marcelino/Takbo…); Best Production Design (Don Escudero/ SRR 4); Best Visual Effects (Tony Marbella/ Okay Ka, Fairy Ko 2); Best Make-up Artist (Andrea Manahan/ SRR 4); Second Best Picture (Takbo…); Third Best Picture (Engkanto); Best Float (Okay Ka…) and the Gatpuno Antonio J. Villegas Cultural Awards (Okay Ka…)
Winners and nominees.
Awards.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

</doc>
<doc id="20896036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896036" title="Ron Rolston">
Ron Rolston

Ronald Rolston (born October 14, 1966) is an American ice hockey coach. He has served as head coach of USA Hockey's National Team Development Program and was an assistant hockey coach at Boston College, Harvard University, Clarkson University, and Lake Superior State University, as well as head coach of the American Hockey League's Rochester Americans and, for parts of two seasons, the National Hockey League's Buffalo Sabres.
On February 20, 2013, Rolston was named as the interim head coach of the Sabres, replacing Lindy Ruff, for the remainder of the 2012–13 season. On May 7, 2013, the Sabres announced they were removing the interim tag from Rolston and officially named him the 16th head coach in franchise history, without interviewing any other candidates for the job. Amid extremely poor performance at the start of the 2013-14 season and reports of locker room difficulties, the Sabres dismissed Rolston from his post on November 13, 2013, less than one calendar year after his arrival.
Playing career.
Rolston played 3 years with Michigan Technological University, scoring 32 goals and 68 points in 110 games.
Personal.
He is the older brother of Brian Rolston.
He and his wife, Shannon, have two children - Maeve and Ronan.

</doc>
<doc id="20896044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896044" title="Charly Tyner">
Charly Tyner

Charly Tyner (born Caitlin Ariana Sanchez; January 17, 1996) is an American actress, best known for being the second voice of the title character Dora in the Nickelodeon animated series for children "Dora the Explorer".
Background.
Charly was born in Englewood, New Jersey to a musical family. She began playing the piano at age four, and while at the Yamaha Music Center, won the Yamaha Corporation's Young Composer's Award in 2004 for an original jazz composition. She has performed several times at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, Victoria Theatre, and has won the prestigious Tito Puente Musical Scholarship Award twice in 2005 and 2007. She has also been a multiple-winner and presenter at the Hispanic Youth Showcase competition held in New Jersey. 
An avid jazz fan, Charly enjoys listening to the music of John Coltrane, Thelonious Monk, Bud Powell and vocalists Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday. When NPR's Robert Siegel indicated that it was unusual for someone her age to be a fan of Thelonious Monk, Charly responded that "He has this really unique style. He kind of hits the piano really hard. And I love his offbeats. Sometimes he goes on-beat; sometimes he goes off. He's full of surprises."
Career.
In 2008, Tyner took over the voice role of the seven-year-old lead character in "Dora the Explorer". She was selected from among 600 girls who auditioned for the part.
Besides appearing in several national commercials, Tyner's other TV work includes as Lupe Rojas in an episode of "", ("Uncle" 2006) and appearing as Celia, the daughter of Carlos Ponce's character, on "Lipstick Jungle". Her film work includes appearing in the film "Phoebe in Wonderland".
Tyner performed the National Anthem at an NBA game at the IZOD Center on November 21, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20896047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896047" title="Michael Mbabuike">
Michael Mbabuike

Michael Chikelu Mbabuike (August 1943 – December 2006) was a Nigerian poet, professor, and linguist. He held the chair of African Studies in the Humanities Department at Hostos Community College of the City University of New York, and was president of the Faculty Senate there.
An Igbo, Mbabuike obtained his bachelor's degree with honors from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka campus. He received his master's degree and doctorate in literature at the Sorbonne, Paris, France. He came to the United States in the late 1970s. In addition to being a professor he was director of the The Center for Igbo Studies at Hostos Community College. He was twice president of the New York African Studies Association (NYASA).
Selected works.
Mbabuike published several academic articles and books including:

</doc>
<doc id="20896053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20896053" title="Mike Sanders">
Mike Sanders

Mike Sanders may refer to:

</doc>
