<doc id="20910405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910405" title="Divided by Night">
Divided by Night

Divided by Night is electronic duo The Crystal Method's fourth studio album. The album was released on May 12, 2009. The first single, "Drown in the Now", which features vocals by Matisyahu, was released to the iTunes Store on April 14, 2009, and the second single, "Black Rainbows" was released to the Beatport store on April 28, 2009. On October 5, 2009, they released the third single, "Come Back Clean" also exclusively to Beatport.
The album was nominated at the 52nd Grammy Awards for Best Electronic/Dance Album.
Background information.
After their album "Legion of Boom" was released, Ken Jordan and Scott Kirkland decided to move into their new, state-of-the-art recording studio, called Crystalwerks. The time taken to prepare the new studio resulted in the loss of production time on the album, which is why it has taken so long to come out. They have also taken the time to bring in many guest artists to be featured on the album.
In early August 2008, The Crystal Method revealed their plans for the album. Though the album was planned to release by the end of summer, the release date was pushed back to early 2009. They then released a free song on their website, which was a remix of their first single, "Now is the Time". The remix features samples of a Barack Obama speech, and is called "Now is the Time (Vote '08 Remix)". The Crystal Method was asked if "Now Is the Time (Vote '08 Remix)" would be on Divided by Night. They replied "maybe, just as a bonus track", though it has been confirmed that the song will not be on the new album according to the track listing, which was released in mid February 2009.
In October 2008, they released a series of tour dates for a DJ set tour across North America, which went further into the year, finishing on New Year's Eve, 2008. They would play some of the music off of their new album to support the tour.
In December 2008, they set up a remix contest for the song "Double Down Under" on the new album, and released the name of the lead single, "Drown in the Now", which features vocals by Matisyahu.
During an interview in early 2009, The Crystal Method were asked the release date of the album, and Ken Jordan simply stated: "Spring". The Crystal Method later stated that the album would be due in stores on May 12.
In an interview with "The Boston Herald", Scott Kirkland said:
A recent album preview by Mark Shemel of internedj.com indicated that the album was :
In March, 2009, The Crystal Method released the cover of the album, tour dates, a new website, and a pre-order sale on their online store. On April 14, the single, "Drown in the Now" was released onto the iTunes store along with a pre-order for "Divided by Night". The pre-order on iTunes also comes with a bonus B-side, "Play for Real". This song is only available on the pre-order for iTunes, and (according to The Crystal Method's Myspace blog) will not be released anywhere else.
In late April, 2009, The Crystal Method put one song from "Divided by Night" onto their Myspace page, "Sine language", which features the upcoming hip hop duo, LMFAO. On the very same day that "Sine Language" was put on their Myspace page, The Crystal Method released the second single from "Divided by Night", the song, "Black Rainbows" (exclusively to Beatport) which features vocals from Stefanie King Warfield, wife of Justin Warfield, who also contributes to "Divided by Night" himself on the track "Kling to the Wreckage".
On May 5, 2009, while flying to their first show in Boston, Massachusetts via Virgin Airlines, The Crystal Method set up a one hour online chat room that anyone could join for free. They answered various questions from fans and talked about "Divided by Night". The Crystal Method said that it is probable that they will do something like this again.
On May 7, the entire album "Divided by Night" was put onto iLike for anyone to listen to. This includes the full versions of every song on "Divided by Night" (except for "Play for Real", released on iTunes only).
"Divided by Night" was finally officially released on May 12.
Album cover.
In mid March, 2009, The Crystal Method released the cover of the new album, which features a giant globe made up of audio speaker heads hovering in mid-air. The art work was created by Neil Ashby.
When asked about the cover, Ken Jordan said:
""On a recent plane trip to a DJ gig, we caught an amazing sight. The sun was setting in the west. There were spectacular rich colors on the horizon, but on the ground below, it was night. We both were moved by this incredible contrast.""
That's when Scott Kirkland took over:
""Divided By Night immediately popped into my head, not so much as an album title but as a metaphor for our lives. As I enjoyed this beautiful view from my cramped seat, I thought of my family in California and reflected on just how different these two worlds are.""
Reception.
"Divided by Night" reached more charts than any other studio album by the band, the "Billboard 200", the "Top Electronic Albums", and "Top Independent Albums". It is, so far, the only album besides "Vegas" which has not reached number one on the "Top Electronic Albums chart", it only reached number two. It was beaten by "The Fame" by Lady Gaga. It also reached number four on the "Top Independent Albums chart", the highest ever reached on that chart by The Crystal Method and only studio album to ever be on that chart (the only other albums by the band to hit that chart were their two mix albums, "Community Service" and "Community Service II"). It also reached thirty-eighth place on the "Billboard 200" on its opening week.
Singles.
"Drown In the Now".
In December 2008, The Crystal Method released the name of their first single from Divided by Night, "Drown in the Now". During the same interview, they said that the song would feature reggae rapper Matisyahu, whom they had met earlier.
In a more recent interview, The Crystal Method talked about how they had met Matisyahu. Apparently, before playing a show in British Columbia, Matisyahu's tour manager approached The Crystal Method and asked if they would be willing to play a show onstage with him. Ken and Scott thought it was a cool idea. Matisyahu came by The Crystal Method's trailer and they (The Crystal Method) played the song "High Roller", off of "Vegas" for Matisyahu. Matisyahu thought it was great, and performed a show with The Crystal Method onstage an hour later. This performance can be found on YouTube. After this performance, The Crystal Method knew that they had wanted to work with him on the new album. Scott Kirkland states: "He delivered something unique that helped create a great vibe for the rest of the album."
During the December interview, The Crystal Method said that the new single would be released in mid to late April.
In a 2009 interview, Scott Kirkland stated that the song was "very dark and galvanizing" and that he thinks that fans will like it.
On March 21, 2009, DJ Demko played the entire song, "Drown In the Now" on his nightly radio show on Z-104.5, a radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Two days later, the segment of the radio show when "Drown In the Now" was played was made into a video and uploaded onto Youtube.
April 14, 2009 was the official release date of "Drown in the Now". Released on iTunes, the single only contains one track, "Drown in the Now", which runs for 5:49.
On April 22, the music video for the song was premiered on Yahoo. The video has a shortened version of the song, and is in black and white and partially animated. The video includes Matisyahu, who is walking through the snowy abandoned streets of New York City.
"Black Rainbows".
In an interview in early 2009, The Crystal Method said that they would feature vocals from Justin Warfield. During the same interview, they said that Warfield's wife, Stefanie King Warfield, would also be on the album.
Not much information about the song was released prior to the release of the song itself. About all the information released before April 28, 2009 was that the song was track 10, was preceded by "Slipstream" and is succeeded by "Blunts & Robots", and that the song features vocals from Justin Warfield's wife, Stefanie King Warfield.
On April 28, 2009, "Black Rainbows" was released as a single exclusively to Beatport.com to be downloaded for $1.99. It is unknown as to whether the song will be released off of iTunes as well, like "Drown in the Now" was.
"Come Back Clean".
Like the song, "Black Rainbows", not much information about the song "Come Back Clean" has been released. The song features vocals by Emily Haines, and is track 8 on "Divided by Night", preceded by "Double Down Under" and succeeded by "Slipstream". In an interview with the directors involving the "Drown in the Now" music video, "Come Back Clean" was mentioned briefly:
"Flavorwire": "What are your thoughts on the rest of The Crystal Method album? (I really like the Emily Haines track a lot.)"
"Alexandre Moors" [co-director]: "Me too. We're hoping to make a video for that track."
"Jessica Brillhart" [co-director]: "Ditto. Haines can do no wrong..."
This brief mentioning of a "Come Back Clean" is evidence that it might eventually be released as a single, though no word or plans on a single for the song have been released.
More recently, Ken Jordan announced via The Crystal Method's Twitter account that "Come Back Clean" had multiple remixes by at least one artist, Kaskade, and that he can't wait for fans to hear them, more evidence that a single for the song might still be released containing the remixes.
Finally, on October 5, 2009, The Crystal Method released "Come Back Clean" as their third single, and like "Black Rainbows", it was exclusively to Beatport. It was released on Beatport as both a single, and The Crystal Method's fifth extended play.
"Sine Language".
“Sine Language” is the fourth single from The Crystal Method's Grammy-nominated album "Divided by Night". This song features vocals by hip hop duo LMFAO and is track 6 of the album. The original music has been written by Ken and Scott Jordan including LMFAO.
It is the latest work by The Crystal Method. It was announced more than a year after the release of the single "Come Back Clean", on November 4, 2010, when the band scored a video game called "Blur", and it was finally released on November 16, 2010, as a promotional remix EP by the official site of the electronic duo, that could be downloaded from the site by joining it. LMFAO’s party-starting raps are accompanied by a single edit and seven brand new remixes, including reworked versions by Richard Vission, Future Funk Squad, Moonbeam, Datsik, Metasyn, Omega and Von Ukuf.
A "Sine Language" music video has even been made. It features a performance of LMFAO. Any and all footage not consisting of LMFAO or The Crystal Method was shot and filmed live in downtown Minneapolis, Minn. The video is under the coordination of Smoking Duck Productions and 3am Management.
Appearance in Need for Speed: Nitro.
Sine Language was included in EA's soundtrack for the game "".
Potential singles.
"Double Down Under".
In late 2008, The Crystal Method set up a remix contest for a song off of their new album, called "Double Down Under". The song was available to be downloaded for a single day for anyone who wanted to remix it. Several remixes for the song have been made.
In an interview in early 2009, The Crystal Method commented on "Double Down Under". They were asked which songs on the new album had the possibility of becoming a single, and they said that it was probable that "Double Down Under" would become a single.
The track was confirmed number 7 on the track listing released in mid February.
In early April, the song was released onto Youtube, similar to "Drown in the Now". Though "Drown in the Now" has been confirmed to be a single, "Double Down Under" has not.
In 2008 it was made available for download as a free track for Tapulous' Popular iPhone beat game: "Tap Tap Revenge 2".
"Falling Hard".
Prior to its release on the album, The Crystal Method did not talk about the song "Falling Hard" in particular, they had mostly discussed in interviews the songs "Drown in the Now", "Double Down Under", and "Black Rainbows". It was unknown by the public until February 2009 that Meiko would actually be the one performing the vocals in the song.
The Crystal Method have discussed other potential singles like "Double Down Under", and out of all of the times that they had been talking about possible singles, "Falling Hard" had not been mentioned.
Upon the release of "Divided by Night", "Falling Hard" instantly had become popular on iTunes, becoming The Crystal Method's second most purchased song (behind "Drown in the Now"), and the electronic genre's fifth most purchased song – evidence that "Falling Hard" might become a single.
Major tour.
In early 2009, The Crystal Method said that they would go on a major national tour, their first in 5 years since Legion of Boom.
A sort of preview of the tour was on April 17, 2009 at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. This concert has been said to be the first of the entire tour, though, according to the tour dates (which were released in late March), the first official concert is not until May 6. Supposedly, the new tour will bring in new elements that have never been seen from The Crystal Method live. Ken Jordan comments about the new tour: "This tour is going to be a completely new look. It's like tearing down your house and rebuilding it."
Tour dates and locations.
The Divided by Night tour spans across the United States and part of Canada, from early May to mid June. Here is a full list of tour dates and locations:
Songs played.
The Divided by Night Tour had the same tracks and track order for each show:
"Second Leg" of the Divided by Night tour.
After the original tour was over, The Crystal Method decided to add several more tour dates to their list – and most of them span across Europe. The Crystal Method has played at the Reading and Leeds Festivals, and will continue to tour Europe until early November 2009.
Featured guests.
"Divided by Night" has come to be known for having more featured guests than any other album by The Crystal Method – and most of these guest artists do not specialize in the electronic music genre.

</doc>
<doc id="20910431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910431" title="Bacidiopsora">
Bacidiopsora

Basidiopsora is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20910437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910437" title="Mount Tantalus">
Mount Tantalus

Mount Tantalus is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of Falk Lake and south of Monmouth Mountain. It is the highest mountain in the Tantalus Range of the Pacific Ranges and is famous for its snow covered face.

</doc>
<doc id="20910442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910442" title="The Equator monument">
The Equator monument

The Equator monument is located on the equator in Pontianak, Indonesia. It marks the division between the northern and southern hemispheres.
Construction.
The monument consists of four iron wood poles, each with a diameter of about 0,30 metre, with frontage bollard height is two pieces as high as 3,05 radian place backside bollard and the signpost dart as high as 4,40 metres.
Location.
Its location is in "Jalan Khatulistiwa", North Pontianak, about 3 kilometres from the city centre of Pontianak.
The equator monument is not on the equator any more. The equator has moved slightly southwards and there is another line outside the monument, that shows the recorded position in 2005. The position of the equator in 2010 is even further south and in the river, as a GPS device can confirm.

</doc>
<doc id="20910449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910449" title="Bacidina">
Bacidina

Bacidina is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20910451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910451" title="United States Ambassador to Albania">
United States Ambassador to Albania

This is a list of Ambassadors of the United States to Albania.
Albania had been under the domination of the Ottoman Empire since the 14th century but gained a shaky independence in 1912 after an uprising against the Turks. After suffering invasions and occupations during the First and Second Balkan Wars and the Great War, Albania achieved a relatively stable degree of statehood.
The United States established diplomatic relations with Albania in 1922. President Harding appointed the first U.S. Minister to Albania, Ulysses Grant-Smith, who arrived in Tirana in December 1922. The first envoys to Albania had the rank of Minister.
Albania–United States relations were broken in 1939 upon the Italian invasion of Albania just prior to the start of World War II. Relations were not restored until the downfall of Communism in Europe in 1991.
The United States Embassy in Albania is located in Tirana.

</doc>
<doc id="20910454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910454" title="Synaphea">
Synaphea

Synaphea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Proteaceae. The genus is endemic to Western Australia.
Description.
They are small shrubs, with pinnate leaves and bright yellow inflorescences.
Taxonomy.
The name was first published in 1810, devised by Robert Brown from the Greek for union or connection, describing an anomaly in the structure of the flower.
Species.
56 species are recognised: 
Distribution and habitat.
The genus is endemic to Western Australia. It is widespread in the Southwest Botanic Province, and almost never found outside it.

</doc>
<doc id="20910456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910456" title="Imani Entertainment">
Imani Entertainment

Imani Entertainment is a record label, management company, and film and production company founded by Manny Halley in 2005. Imani ENT. is most known for formerly managing Keyshia Cole and managing Atlantian artist C-Side.
Departure from Keyshia Cole.
In 2011, Cole broadcast via her Twitter "Would like for u guys to know tht Manny Halley is no longer my management." followed by "Someone said if the people around u won't change, change the people around you." She also disclosed that recent business decisions were not mutual between the two. Cole is now represented by Jordan Feldstein.

</doc>
<doc id="20910474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910474" title="The Infinite (album)">
The Infinite (album)

The Infinite is the 19th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the RCA label in 2002 and features performances by Douglas, Chris Potter, Uri Caine, James Genus, and Clarence Penn.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Dave Lynch awarded the album 3 stars stating ""The Infinite" is a strong debut release from Douglas' New Quintet. Those with tastes tending toward post-bop and pre-fusion jazz should find much to like here, with the album perhaps serving as an entry point to the trumpeter's more chance-taking endeavors". 

</doc>
<doc id="20910475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910475" title="Bacidia">
Bacidia

Bacidia is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Ramalinaceae. The genus was first described by Giuseppe De Notaris in 1846. Species in the genus are crust-like lichens with stemless apothecia; they have green algae (chloroccoid) as photobionts. Their asci have 8 colorless, cylindrical to acicular, multiseptate spores, with curved and thread-like conidia.

</doc>
<doc id="20910477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910477" title="Moldovan">
Moldovan

Moldovan and Moldavian refer to something of, from, or related to Moldova (a landlocked country in Eastern Europe), or to the historical region of Moldavia, which currently spans 8 north-eastern counties of Romania, the Republic of Moldova, and parts of Ukraine (Chernivtsi oblast and Budjak). It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20910485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910485" title="Radiation and Public Health Project">
Radiation and Public Health Project

Radiation and Public Health Project is a nonprofit educational and scientific organization founded in 1985 by Jay M. Gould, a statistician and epidemiologist, and Ernest Sternglass. The New York based group was established by scientists and physicians dedicated to understanding the relationships between low-level, nuclear radiation and public health, and questions the safety of nuclear power. The project's main contributors are Jay M. Gould, Ph.D., the Founder, Director, and first President of RPHP; Dr. Ernest Sternglass, physicist and Professor Emeritus Radiation Physics of the University of Pittsburgh; Joseph Mangano MPH, MBA, executive director of RPHP; Bill McDonnell MPA, Janette Sherman, MD Adjunct Professor of Environmental Studies at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo; and Dr. Jerry Brown, Founding Professor Florida International University. Most of the members of the group have published both books and articles in peer-reviewed journals.
As of November 2010, Radiation and Public Health Project members have published 27 medical journal articles on health risks from radioactive exposures to nuclear reactors and weapons tests. RPHP has conducted the only study of in body radiation near U.S. nuclear plants. It studied 5,000 baby teeth, the results of which were published in 5 medical journal articles. High and rising levels of strontium-90 in baby teeth were found near reactors. Other RPHP studies have found elevated rates of childhood, thyroid, and other cancers near reactors. The work of the Radiation and Public Health Project has been criticized by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in a statement citing only one other peer-reviewed publication besides those of the RPHP.
A set of 85,000 teeth that had been collected by Dr. Louise Reiss and her colleagues as part of the Baby Tooth Survey were uncovered in 2001 and given to the Radiation and Public health Project. By tracking the individuals who had participated in the tooth-collection project, the RHPR published results in a 2010 issue of the "International Journal of Health Service" that showed that those children who later died of cancer before the age of 50 had levels of strontium 90 in their stored baby teeth that was twice the level of those who were still alive at 50.
Leukemia study.
This study was published in a 2009 issue of the "European Journal of Cancer Care". It disputes a large scale analysis conducted by the National Cancer Institute in the late 1980s. Sternglass's study found that leukemia death rates in U.S. children near nuclear reactors rose sharply (vs. the national trend) in the past two decades. The greatest mortality increases occurred near the oldest nuclear plants, while declines were observed near plants that closed permanently in the 1980s and 1990s.
Several methodological problems in the study were found by the National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Nuclear Regulatory Commission and nuclear industry groups. Among the errors were: small sample sizes used to draw far-reaching conclusions; no control populations; no other cancer risk factors considered; no environmental sampling and analysis; cherry picking of data to fit the conclusion; and an incorrect half-life used for strontium-90. As such, the results have not changed the opinion of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that there is no excess cancer risk from living near nuclear facilities.
Controversy.
According to a 2003 article in "The New York Times", the group's work has been controversial, and had little credibility with the scientific establishment. Some scientists support the work, including Samuel Epstein, professor of environmental and occupational medicine at the University of Illinois, who said in 2003 that the group was "producing solid scientific work that stands critical peer review."

</doc>
<doc id="20910513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910513" title="Arthrosporum">
Arthrosporum

Arthrosporum is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20910525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910525" title="Purbakala Archaeological Museum">
Purbakala Archaeological Museum

The Purbakala Archaeological Museum is a museum located in Bedulu on Bali, Indonesia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20910539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910539" title="Le Mayeur Museum">
Le Mayeur Museum

The Le Mayeur Museum is a museum containing Adrien-Jean Le Mayeur's work as well as his collection of traditional Balinese art and local artifacts. It is located in Sanur, Bali, Indonesia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20910542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910542" title="Adelolecia">
Adelolecia

Adelolecia is a genus of lichenized fungi in the Ramalinaceae family.

</doc>
<doc id="20910567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910567" title="Aciculopsora">
Aciculopsora

Aciculopsora is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Ramalinaceae. This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Aciculopsora salmonea.

</doc>
<doc id="20910568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910568" title="Minnigaff">
Minnigaff

Minnigaff is a village and civil parish on the A714 in Dumfries and Galloway Administration area, on the east side of the River Cree. Nearby towns include Auchinleck, Bargrennan, and Challoch.
Minnigaff is the birthplace of Sir James Mirrlees, winner of the 1996 Nobel Prize in Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="20910581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910581" title="Stephanie Brind">
Stephanie Brind

Stephanie Brind, (born 8 June 1977 in Bexleyheath, Kent) is a professional squash player who represented England. She is a right-handed squash player and her former coach is Paul Carter. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 4 in November 2001.
Brind attended Bexley Grammar School from 1988 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20910596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910596" title="Semarajaya Museum">
Semarajaya Museum

The Semarajaya Museum is a museum located in Klungkung on Bali, Indonesia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20910609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910609" title="USS PC-558">
USS PC-558

USS "PC-558" was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was sunk by on 9 May 1944 with the loss of about half of her complement; there were 30 survivors.
Career.
"PC-558" was laid down on 31 October 1941 by the Luders Marine Construction Co. in Stamford, Connecticut and launched on 13 September 1942. She was commissioned on 19 November 1942 and assigned to the Atlantic and Mediterranean theater of operations.
On 9 May 1944, "PC-558" was patrolling the region north of Palermo, Sicily. Her lookout spotted the Plexiglas dome and tail of a German one-man submarine — a Neger — away from the ship. After firing on the Neger with 20 mm and 40 mm cannon fire and dropping two depth charges, "PC-558" successfully destroyed the vessel and captured the sole occupant, "Oberfähnrich" Walter Schulz. "PC-558" was later joined by "PC-626" and spotted another Neger. After another cannon and depth charge attack, the Neger was destroyed and the occupant was captured alive. "PC-558" was later destroyed after being struck by a single torpedo fired by a German U-boat, . A nearby ship — "PC-1235" — was fired at three times by the U-boat and all three torpedoes missed their target. "PC-1235" drove off "U-230" and returned to rescue the thirty surviving crewmembers of "PC-558".

</doc>
<doc id="20910617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910617" title="Blanco Renaissance Museum">
Blanco Renaissance Museum

The Blanco Renaissance Museum is a museum located in Ubud on Bali, Indonesia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20910631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910631" title="Mario Cassano">
Mario Cassano

Mario Cassano (born 8 October 1983) is an Italian professional footballer
Club career.
Born in Vizzolo Predabissi, Lombardy, Cassano started his senior career at Serie D side Voghera, located at near-by province. In summer 2001, he joined A.C. Fiorentina and played twice for first team. In August 2002, after the bankrupt of "La Viola", he joined Empoli F.C. which also located in Tuscany. After 3 seasons as backup goalkeeper, he joined Serie B side Piacenza, where he played as first choice except 2006–07 season behind Ferdinando Coppola (and also injured) and first season shared the role with Gabriele Aldegani. In 2009–10 season, he swapped club with Christian Puggioni, both joined the team on loan. In January 2010, Sampdoria signed Cassano on loan, due to the injury of their first choice Luca Castellazzi and sent Vincenzo Fiorillo to Reggina on loan. However he worked as backup of Marco Storari, another new signing. At the end of the loan spell, he came back to Piacenza. Cassano was the first choice until December 2011. He was questioned by the prosecutor on 21 March 2012.
Cassano was banned from football in June 2012 and Piacenza also folded at the end of season.
Italian football scandal.
On 1 June 2012 the prosecutor requested to ban Cassano for 5 years due to involvement in 2011–12 Italian football scandal. It was suspected that the match AlbinoLeffe–Piacenza on 20 December 2010, Atalanta–Piacenza on 19 March 2011 were fixed. Eventually FIGC announced to ban him for 5 years on 18 June 2012.
International career.
Cassano has capped for Italy U20 team, the feeder team of U21 team, which the coach also tested several other players. He also received several U21 call-up but did not play.

</doc>
<doc id="20910671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910671" title="Agung Rai Museum of Art">
Agung Rai Museum of Art

The Agung Rai Museum of Art is a museum located in Ubud on Bali, Indonesia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20910705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910705" title="Angel hair">
Angel hair

Angel hair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20910751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910751" title="Ministry of War of the Russian Empire">
Ministry of War of the Russian Empire

Ministry of War of the Russian Empire, (, "Military Ministry") was an administrative body in the Russian Empire from 1802 to 1917.
It was established in 1802 as the "Ministry of ground armed forces" () taking over responsibilities from the College of War during the Government reform of Alexander I. It was renamed to the "Ministry of War" in 1815.
Structure.
At the end of 19th century Ministry of war had following structure.
Buildings.
The Ministry was initially accommodated in Count Zakhar Chernyshyov's former palace on Moika River Embankment, which was bought by the State Treasury for the Military Collegium in 1795 (later it was rebuilt and transformed into the Mariinsky Palace). 
In 1824, the mezzanine and the first floor of the Lobanov-Rostovsky Residence (12 Admiralteysky Avenue) were rented for the Ministry of War for 63,000 roubles a year. On 23 June 1828, the entire building was bought by the State Treasury for one million roubles, and in 1829-1830 it was renovated to meet the Ministry's needs. It housed the principal establishments of the Ministry until its dissolution in 1918. The main entrance is guarded by white marble Medici lions.

</doc>
<doc id="20910757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910757" title="Middleman minority">
Middleman minority

Middleman minority (also known as minorities) is any minority population that, while subject to discrimination, does not hold an "extreme subordinate" status in society.
There are numerous examples of such groups gaining eventual prosperity in their adopted country despite discrimination. Often, they will take on roles between producer and consumer, such as trading and moneylending. Famous examples such as Jews throughout Europe even at times when the discrimination against them was at their peak such as during World War II they still had great success in some parts of Europe, Chinese throughout Southeast Asia, Parsis in India, Igbos in Nigeria, Indians in East Africa, people from the Soviet Blocs in the USA during the Cold War, and many others.
Stereotypically, middleman minorities are thrifty and save a large portion of their incomes, and have limited interaction with the native population in a country. Education is placed at a high premium among all of these groups. These groups usually become the most successful ethnic groups in a society soon after they immigrate, even though they are often poor when they first arrive. Middleman minorities usually provide an economic benefit to communities and nations and often start new industries. However, their economic aptitude, financial success, clannishness, common prejudices and paranoia against businesses and moneylending among other groups, and often disproportionate representation in universities and in politics, high representation in commerce and some high end white collar professional and managerial positions can cause resentment among the native population of a country. Middleman Minorities can be victims of violence, genocide, racialist programs, or other forms of repression. Other ethnic groups often accuse them of plotting conspiracies against their nation or of stealing wealth from the native population.
Middleman minority vs. Model minority.
Middleman minorities have often been compared to Model minorities and although they share traits such as the rapid rates of their success soon after they immigration, even though oftentimes they experience great poverty when they first arrive, providing economic benefits to their communities and nations by often starting their own businesses, their often disproportionate representation in upper educational institutions (e.g. universities), high representation in white collar professions, and their tendency towards a clannish nature.
The two are different in the fact that Middleman minorities also often have high degrees of social and political power that can partially to moderately influence and shape the culture and society of the country they are in whereas Model minorities do not have such power. Middleman minorities are also different in the fact that they have disproportionate representation in all sectors of the societies ranging from business to politics whereas Model minorities usually are only over-represented in educational and economc success. Model minorities tend to be much more isolated and subordinate groups that have little to no participation in their countries preferring to focus more on individual educational and economic goals while Middleman minorties have high-degrees of participation in their societies and they prefer to pursue success in all aspects of their countries. Lastly, the major defining quality of Middleman minorities is that they have some degree of autonomy and aren't completely subordinate to the dominant group of their given society unlike all other ethnic groups.
Thus sometimes leading to Model minorities to being mistaken for Middleman minorities and the misconception that model minorities have some degree of autonomy and control of their images in the dominant society the same way as Middleman minorities do.

</doc>
<doc id="20910760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910760" title="Mesomelaena">
Mesomelaena

Mesomelaena is a genus of sedges. 
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20910761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910761" title="Bill McGuire (baseball)">
Bill McGuire (baseball)

William Patrick McGuire (born February 14, 1964 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a former Major League Baseball catcher for the Seattle Mariners.
McGuire was drafted by the Seattle Mariners out of the University of Nebraska in the 1st round (27th overall) of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut in and also played in the majors in . He played his final professional season in for the Single-A Peoria Chiefs in the Chicago Cubs organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20910772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910772" title="P. C. Anderson">
P. C. Anderson

Peter Corsar Anderson (16 February 1871 – 26 August 1955) was an influential educator and golfer in Western Australia.
Early life.
Anderson was born on 16 February 1871, at the manse of Menmuir, Forfarshire, Scotland. He went to Madras College, St Andrews, where he won a bursary to the United College in the University of St Andrews. At United he won prizes in Hebrew and church history, was president of the student council and a champion rifle-shot. He was also a golfer, winning The Amateur Championship in 1893. After graduating B.A. in 1892 he studied theology at St Mary's College and was licensed in divinity in 1895 by the Church of Scotland, but did not pursue this calling because of health problems. He took a recuperative journey to Western Australia to visit his brother Mark in Albany, then moved to Victoria. He was a tutor for a farming family for six months at Mansfield, 90km north-east of Melbourne, and then moved to Geelong Church of England Grammar School from 1896 to 1900. He was a master at the senior school from 1896 to 1899 and in charge of the Preparatory School from 1899 to 1900.
St Salvator's.
Anderson left Geelong Grammar in 1900 to set up his own school, St Salvator's, also in Geelong.
Scotch College, Perth.
Anderson was appointed headmaster of Scotch in 1904, a position he held for 41 years until 1945. The early years were challenging: the seven-year-old school was in temporary premises, some school councillors believed the school should be disbanded, while others thought it should relocate. His first ten years at Scotch saw new science laboratories, a cadet corps, sports grounds and a boatshed. Within 10 years Scotch was established as one of the four leading independent boys' schools in Western Australia. For the next 30 years Anderson was doyen among Protestant headmasters and set a model whose influence extended well beyond his own college. During his time at Scotch enrolments rose from 59 to 410 per year and more than 3000 students passed through the school. He was appointed C.B.E. in 1947.
Character.
Impressively built and inclined to be set in his opinions, he earned the nickname 'Boss', but was respected for his scrupulous fair-mindedness and capacity for hard work. Legends generated around him, such as the yarn that he once caned the entire school in an attempt to put down smoking. Despite Anderson's successful academic and career record, one short-term junior teacher who was learning his trade at Scotch College later caricatured him as unimaginative, a charge which does not tally with his apparent fair-mindedness and which has been rejected by eminent educators. The majority held Anderson in great respect even during his last difficult wartime years.
Anderson brought to Scotch College a model of 'godliness and manliness', for he was a ‘typical product of a Scottish Presbyterian background’, tall at 6’4’’, a strong disciplinarian whose main interest was in sport, and, although not an educational innovator, he was a 'reliable' leader. The notion of 'godliness and manliness' is at the heart of late nineteenth-century 'muscular Christianity', a term coined in response to the work of Charles Kingsley, associated with magazines like the Boys' Own Paper and a host of popular books like Tom Brown's Schooldays and Coral Island, and in recent years portrayed in films like Chariots of Fire.
Golf.
Before moving to Australia, Anderson often played at the Old Course at St Andrews: for half a season he held the course record of 80, which was 4 under bogie. When he visited his brother Mark (also a keen golfer) in Albany, the latter suggested Anderson settle in Melbourne, where Mark he had been champion of Royal Melbourne Golf Club in 1893. Anderson joined Geelong Golf Club and was champion for six successive years until 1903. He was reported to be among those who selected the new site for the Royal Melbourne course when that club's old links were being hemmed in by building projects. He is also credited with laying out the Barwon Heads course at Geelong. In WA Anderson and others thought vacant land near the ocean might be the making of a golf course. Anderson and N C Fowlie designed the nine-hole course, named it Sea View and it was opened as the Cottesloe Golf Club by the Governor on 11 September 1908. Anderson also laid out the first nine holes of the Royal Fremantle course. Anderson won the last of his four club trophy events in 1928 at the age of 57.
Tournament wins.
"this list is incomplete"
Major championships.
Results timeline.
Note: Anderson played in only The Open Championship and The Amateur Championship.
DNP = Did not play They had six sons and seven daughters. Anderson died on 26 August 1955, at his home at Swanbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20910786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910786" title="North Pontianak">
North Pontianak

North Pontianak ("Indonesian: Pontianak Utara") is a district ("Indonesian: kecamatan") of Pontianak city. This is the largest district by area and also the district with lowest population density in Pontianak.
List of famous places in North Pontianak:

</doc>
<doc id="20910919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910919" title="Bolesław III the Generous">
Bolesław III the Generous

Bolesław III the Generous (; 23 September 1291 – Brieg, 21 April 1352), was a Duke of Legnica, Brzeg (Brieg) from 1296 until 1342, and Duke of Wroclaw from 1296 until 1311.
He was the eldest son of Henry V the Fat, Duke of Legnica and Wroclaw, by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Boleslaw the Pious, Duke of Greater Poland.
Life.
Bolesław's father died in 1296, when he was only five-years-old. The regency was taken by his mother, the Duchess Elisabeth and his paternal uncle Bolko I. However, both soon died, Bolko in 1301 and Elisabeth in 1304. Between 1301-02 the official guardianship of Henry V's sons was taken by Henry of Würben, Bishop of Wroclaw, but after almost a year he was removed from this post because for his alleged prodigality. By that time, King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia was determined to take advantage over the rich and strategically Duchy of Wroclaw. In 1302 the young Bolesław was sent to the court of Prague and one year later (13 January 1303) was arranged his betrothal with the seven-years-old Princess Margareta (cs: "Markéta"; pl: "Małgorzata"), King's youngest daughter. The wedding took place five years later, in 1308.
Since Bolesław's arrival to the Bohemian court and after his betrothal with his daughter, the King clearly favored him; this attitude caused fear between the closest male relatives of the King, who seen the young Duke of Legnica in a potential rival for the throne. Although Wenceslaus II had a son seemed him irrelevant, the sudden death of the King in 1305 and one year later the murdered of his son and successor Wenceslaus III in Olomouc gained him an unexpectedly importance. Bolesław began his fight for the Bohemian throne taking the title of ""haeres Regni Poloniae"" (heir of the Polish Kingdom).
However, the forces of the Duke of Legnica-Wroclaw were too little to effectively compete with the others candidates of the Přemyslid throne: Rudolph III of Austria, Henry of Carinthia and John of Luxemburg. His chance to take part of the Polish heritage was also damaged after a failed attempt to control Kalisz during 1306-1307 and finally lost against Duke Henry III of Głogów. The only substantial prey had mastering was Opava (Troppau) in 1308, after his Duke Nikolaus I surrendered to him; however, two years later (11 June 1311), Bolesław renounced to this land after a treaty in Olomouc. The price for the resignation was a huge payment of 8,000 pieces of silver, which belonged to Bolesław even when King Wenceslaus II was alive. Opava was then merged by the Bohemian crown and only restored to Nikolaus I's son and heir, Nikolaus II, in 1318.
The great political ambitions of Bolesław exhausted the finances of his Duchy, not only to continue to his Bohemian claims but also to maintain his status. In 1311, under the pressure of the local nobility, he was forced to divided his lands between his younger brothers Henry and Władysław. The Duchy was divided into three parts: Wrocław, Legnica and Brzeg (Brieg). As the older brother, Bolesław had to choice first which part he retains. He chose the smallest and least prosperous part, Brieg, and this selection surprised everyone. Bolesław probably wanted to continue his fight for the Bohemian throne, and for that he needed the monetary compensation that was offered by the prince who took Brieg. However, these plans soon proved unsuccessful, and the cost of Bolesław was the loss against his brother Henry VI of the most important part of the Duchy: Wrocław.
Initially, Bolesław seemed to accept his fate, but one year later he managed to deprive his youngest brother Władysław from the Duchy of Legnica, because wasn't able to pay his part of the monetary compensation for Brieg.
In 1312 Bolesław and Henry VI entered into an alliance with the ruler of Lesser Poland, Władysław I Łokietek and with their combined forces began an expeditionary trip against the Dukes of Głogów, with the pretext that the late Duke Henry III who was the direct responsible for the premature death of Henry V, father of the Dukes of Legnica and Wroclaw. The war broke lasted five years (1312–1317); finally Władysław I Łokietek managed to take almost all Greater Poland, but his allies only taken the towns of Uraz (to Henry VI), and Wołów and Lubiąż (to Bolesław).
After this victory, Bolesław immediately tried his reassertion in the succession struggles over the Kingdom of Bohemia, now in support of John of Luxemburg. He received his reward during 1321-1322, when the Duke of Legnica-Brieg was appointed by King John as Governor of Bohemia during his trips to Germany and Italy.
In Silesia, war against the Dukes of Głogów began again in 1321. They had to fight against a coalition formed by Bolesław, his brother Henry VI, Bolko II of Opole and Władysław I Łokietek. This time, the main credit of their victory was thanks to Bolesław. On 10 August 1323 was signed a peace treaty in Wroclaw, by virtue of whom the Duke Konrad I of Oleśnica ceded to Bolesław the Duchy of Namysłów with the fortress of Namysłów, Byczyna and Kluczbork.
Since 1322 the relations between Bolesław and his younger brother Henry VI began to deteriorate. The reasons was because Henry refused to support the too much aggressive politics of his brother, evidenced after he signed a peace with Konrad of Oleśnica and the Bolesław's pretensions over the rich Wrocław. Bolesław went even an official proposal to exchange his district of Legnica for Wrocław. Of course, Henry VI refused this unfavorable transaction. The war between the brothers was imminent. Henry established contacts with the new King of Poland Władysław I Łokietek, and promised him homage and named his heir in exchange for aid. But feared of a direct confrontation with the Kingdom of Bohemia, Władysław declined the offer. Then, Henry asked the help of Emperor Louis IV. On 20 April 1324, the Duke of Wrocław declared himself a vassal of the Empire; in return, Louis IV give a guarantee of the possibility of succession over Henry VI's lands to his daughters. These decision prompted Bolesław to armed attempts to settle the dispute, but finally failed thanks of the powerful walls of Wroclaw.
However, in 1327 the situation changed completely. John of Luxemburg, who prepared an offensive against Władysław I Łokietek, managed to persuade Henry VI to broke his alliance with the Emperor and accepted to became a vassal of Bohemia. In exchange, he received from the King the County of Glatz during his lifetime and a high pension.
The final attempt of Bolesław to capture Wroclaw was during 1327-28, during the absence from Bohemia of King John. Unfortunately, like his previous plans, these also failed thanks to powerful Duchy's walls.
In 1329, Bolesław's youngest brother Władysław (who was stripped in 1312 from his Duchy of Legnica) unexpectedly returned to Silesia. Declared vassal of Bohemia, Władysław took possession of Legnica in the name of King John. This fact left Bolesław in a critical situation. Without resources for a war against King John, on 9 May 1329 in Wroclaw, Bolesław declared himself as a vassal of the Kingdom of Bohemia.
After the loss of his independence, political activity of the Duke of Legnica-Brieg clearly declined. As a vassal of John of Luxemburg, he took part during 1329-31 in his military expeditions to Lusatia and Głogów.
In order to maintain his sumptuous lifestyle and his constant trips (notably in the Congress of Visegrád of 1335), led Bolesław in a difficult financial situation, which forced him to continuously increase the taxes and sale parts of his Duchy (towns of Chocianów and Chojnów).
Bolesław's oldest son Wenceslaus I refused this dilapidation of the family's patrimony and rebelled against his father, claimed his part of the inheritance. The Duke didn't want a conflict with his son and in 1338 he gave Wenceslaus the Duchy of Namysłów. Four years later (1342), he finally gave his sons Wenceslaus I and Louis I the joint government of the Duchy of Legnica. In exchange, Wenceslaus returned to him Namysłów, who Bolesław almost immediately sold to King Casimir III the Great. After his abdication, Bolesław retired with his second wife Katharina Šubić, a Croatian lady, to Brieg, where he remained until his death, on 21 April 1352. He was buried in a Monastery of Lubiąż.
Although his finances were now reduced, Bolesław didn't give up to his lavish lifestyle. He participated in the most important celebrations of his time, like the marriage of King Casimir III the Great and Adelaide of Hesse in Poznan in 1341, and the coronation of Charles IV of Luxemburg, King of Bohemia, who forced him on 19 January 1344 to sell to the Bishop of Wrocław, Preczlaw von Pogarell the town of Grodków.
He was twice excommunicated by the Church for these dilapidations: first, for the delay in paying the "Tithe" in 1337, and secondly, when he sequestered Church property in 1340. The excommunication was only removed on his deathbed thanks for the insistence of his sons. Despite his unstable relations with the Church, Bolesław was quite generous to it, contributing to the growing importance of the Monastery of Lubiąż and founded two monasteries, one Franciscan and another Dominican, in Brieg.
Marriages and Issue.
By 1318, Bolesław married firstly with Margareta ("Markéta"; b. Prague?, 21 February 1296 – d. Hradec Králové, 8 April 1322), daughter of King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia. They had three children:
In 1326, Bolesław married secondly with Katharina (d. bef. 5 March 1358), daughter of Mladen III Šubić, Ban of Croatia. They had no children. In his will, Bolesław left the Duchy of Brieg to his widow, who ruled until her own death.

</doc>
<doc id="20910942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910942" title="Hymn to the Immortal Wind">
Hymn to the Immortal Wind

Hymn to the Immortal Wind is the fifth studio album by Japanese post-rock band Mono, released 24 March 2009 on Temporary Residence Limited.
The album was recorded and mixed in June and November 2008 at the Electrical Audio Recording Studios, Chicago, Illinois, by Steve Albini. A music video for "Follow the Map" was released to promote the album. This is a concept album, and there is a short story enclosed with the CD to go along with the music.

</doc>
<doc id="20910967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910967" title="Come Get Some (TLC song)">
Come Get Some (TLC song)

"Come Get Some" is a song by American recording group TLC. It was written by band members Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas along with Kandi Burruss, Craig Love, Sean Price and Lil' Jon for their greatest hits album, "" (2003), the latters serving as its producer. Both Lil Jon and Sean Paul Joseph also appear as guest vocalists on the track.
The song was released as the album's first single in 2003, twelve months after the death of group member Lisa Lopes. While there was never a music video was never produced, both Watkins and Thomas performed the song on the season finale of "American Idol" in May 2011. A minor commercial success, it peaked at number 81 on "Billboard"s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20910985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910985" title="East Pontianak">
East Pontianak

East Pontianak is a subdistrict ("Indonesian":"kecamatan") of Pontianak town.

</doc>
<doc id="20910986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910986" title="Thomas H. Heaton">
Thomas H. Heaton

Thomas H. (Tom) Heaton is an American seismologist, known for his influential contributions in earthquake source physics and earthquake early warning. Currently he is the professor of geophysics and civil engineering at Caltech and one of the world’s leading experts on seismology.
Biography.
Tom Heaton received his B.S. from Indiana University in 1972, and Ph.D. from Caltech in 1978. He wrote his Ph.D. thesis on ray theory and its application to seismology, under the supervision of seismologist Don Helmberger. After graduation, Heaton joined the USGS in 1979. There he worked as a research geophysicist in their Pasadena office from 1979 until July 1995, at which time he was the USGS project chief of the Southern California Seismic Network. He was the scientist in charge of the USGS Pasadena office
from 1985 until October 1992 and he was also the coordinator of the USGS earthquake program in
southern California. Heaton returned to Caltech in 1995 where he resumed the post of the professor of geophysics and civil engineering. Heaton is married and has three children.
Research.
Heaton's research has principally focused on seismology and earthquake physics, with emphasis on earthquake rupture dynamics, earthquake early warning and strong ground motion. He is perhaps best known in the scientific community for his several contributions in source inversions and specially his influential 1990 paper "Evidence for and Implications of self healing pulses of slip in earthquakes", where he clearly provided evidence for the existence of another mode of rupture for earthquakes; namely the pulse like mode, other than the widely accepted crack like model that was adopted at that time. This paper triggered a new way for earthquake scientists to look at earthquake ruptures. 
Strong ground motion.
Heaton's work is aimed at a more complete understanding of the nature of ground shaking close to large earthquakes. That is, ground motions from large earthquakes are simulated by propagating waves through 3-dimensional earth structure models. The models produce realistic estimates of the large displacements (several meters in several seconds) that occur in great earthquakes. While accelerations that are associated with these large displacements may not be large enough to cause failure of strong, shear-wall structures, they may cause severe deformations in flexible buildings that rely heavily on ductility for their performance in large earthquakes. Heaton's group work in that field focuses on investigating the potential performance of steel moment-resisting-frame buildings and base-isolated buildings in large subduction zone earthquakes.
Earthquake rupture physics and crustal stress.
Heaton is particularly interested in understanding the origins of spatially heterogeneous slip in earthquakes. There is compelling evidence that slip in earthquakes and stress in the earth’s crust are spatially heterogeneous, and perhaps fractal. Several approaches are being pursued in his group to understand the dynamic properties of this system. One of the approaches is the 3D finite element modeling for regions in the crust with ruptures occurring on fault planes controlled by dynamic friction and looking for conditions that are required to sustain the observed heterogeneous characteristics of stress and slip in cycles of earthquakes. On the other hand, Heaton was among the first to recognize that the heterogeneity in the crust could be modeled by 3D fractal tensors models for stress. With Deborah E. Smith, they generated those fractal stress tensors and used them to produce catalogs of earthquake locations and focal mechanisms. They could explain several field observations with this model. Also the model predicts that the strength of the crust should be a scale dependent property, a topic which is currently being further investigated in Heaton's group.
Earthquake warning systems.
Heaton was initially interested in earthquake prediction. However, one of the implications of his now accepted pulse like model for earthquake ruptures is that predicting when an earthquake is going to happen is very difficult if not impossible. This is because it does not require that the background stress on the fault plane to be uniformly high everywhere in order to initiate rupture as pulse like ruptures can propagate in relatively low background stress. Accordingly stresses need only to be high at isolated locations which may not be accessible to direct observation as those locations are not apriori known. However, the pulse like rupture mode has an inherent merit; it implies that the slip at any point ceases within a short period of time after the passage of the rupture front at this location and long before the whole earthquake stops. Since scaling relations between slip and total rupture length exist, the pulse like model implies that it may be possible to predict, at least in a probabilistic sense, how long the earthquake rupture could be once the slip values at some points are recorded and in the pulse like model we can have information about final slip values shorty after the initiation of rupture. This opens new premises in the field of earthquake early warnings. The virtual seismologist, which is an innovative earthquake early warning technique, is an example of the achievements of Heaton's group in that field.
Publications.
Heaton has written on topics in seismology, earthquake physics, earthquake early warning and building vibrations. In 1990 he wrote his influential paper on evidence for and implications of pulse like ruptures in real earthquakes. The view before that time was that earthquakes propagate as shear cracks on fault planes in the earth crust. In this crack like models, each point on the fault continues to slip for a substantial part of the total duration of the earthquake. Once the point starts to slip, it will continue to do that until waves are reflected back from the ends of the fault carrying information that the earthquake has already reached its full rupture length. By studying slip inversions of several real earthquakes, Heaton came to the conclusion that the crack like view is not always true. On the contrary, he found that the slip duration at any point on the fault usually does not exceed one tenth of the total earthquake time. This implies that the rupture heals shortly after its initiation at any point and he provided examples of possible physical mechanisms that can result in this early healing. Heaton's view was faced by a huge controversy but it triggered a lot of research to test his model. Numerous analytical, numerical and experimental work have been done in the subsequent years that showed supporting evidence for Heaton's model. Pulse like mode of rupture is now a widely accepted model and it is sometimes even called Heaton Pulses honoring Heaton's contribution in that field.

</doc>
<doc id="20910993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910993" title="Pontianak City">
Pontianak City

"Not to be confused with Pontianak, the capital of West Kalimantan province".
Pontianak city or Central Pontianak area ("Indonesian":"Pontianak Kota") is a subdistrict ("Indonesian":"kecamatan") of Pontianak city. This is the location of Pontianak Major Office.
List of famous places in "Pontianak Kota":

</doc>
<doc id="20910998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910998" title="South Pontianak">
South Pontianak

South Pontianak is a subdistrict ("Indonesian":"kecamatan") of Pontianak town.

</doc>
<doc id="20911004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911004" title="South East Pontianak">
South East Pontianak

South East Pontianak is a subdistrict ("Indonesian":"kecamatan") of Pontianak town.

</doc>
<doc id="20911011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911011" title="West Pontianak">
West Pontianak

West Pontianak is a subdistrict ("Indonesian":"kecamatan") of Pontianak town.

</doc>
<doc id="20911029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911029" title="Bush ballad">
Bush ballad

Bush songs or bush ballads are a folk music and poetry tradition in Australia's outback. The rhyming songs, poems and tales often relate to the itinerant and rebellious spirit of Australia, a young country. The lyrical tradition of bush songs was born of settlers and influenced by Aboriginal society in the geographical areas referred to as The Bush. The performers are sometimes referred to as bush bards.
Many of the songs were composed in the 19th century and passed on through the generations. Several collectors have catalogued some of the songs. John Meredith's collection, assembled in the 1950s when he bought himself a very large tape recorder and carted it around to record people who had memories of the old songs, became the basis of the collection in the National Library of Australia. Earlier collections, such as Banjo Paterson's 1905 "The Old Bush Songs", include only the lyrics and no musical notation; however, for some of the ballads a particular folk tune is suggested (see image of "The Dying Stockman" next section below).
Characteristics of Musical Bush Ballads.
The songs tell personal stories of life in the wide open country of Australia. Typical subjects include mining, raising and droving cattle, sheep shearing, wanderings, war stories, the 1891 Australian shearers' strike, class conflicts between the landless working class and the squatters (landowners), and outlaws such as Ned Kelly, as well as love interests and more modern fare such as trucking.
Although not technically bush ballads, there are also numerous sea shanties formerly sung by whalers and other sailors, as well as songs about the voyage made by convicts and other immigrants from England to Australia, which are sung in a similar style.
While subject matter may be constant, musical styles differ between traditional and contemporary bush ballads. Exemplars of the traditional bush ballad style include Slim Dusty's When the Rain Tumbles Down in July or Leave Him in the Long yard which have strong narrative in verses plus choruses set to a Pick n' Strum beat. Contemporary bush ballads may employ finger picking and strumming rock styles.
History.
Australia's musical traditions include the English, Scottish, and Irish folk songs of the convicts, as well as the work of pastoral poets of the 1880s. 
There was also a hymn singing tradition brought by missionaries in the 19th century. and the convict songs of those incarcerated on the island. The represent attempts to European cultural forms to the Australian environment.
The distinctive themes and origins of Australia's bush music can be traced to the songs sung by the convicts who were sent to Australia during the early period of the British colonisation, beginning in 1788. Early Australian ballads sing of the harsh ways of life of the epoch and of such people and events as bushrangers, swagmen, drovers, stockmen and shearers. Convict and bushranger verses often railed against government tyranny. Classic bush songs on such themes include: The Wild Colonial Boy, Click Go The Shears, The Eumeralla Shore, The Drover's Dream, The Queensland Drover, The Dying Stockman and Moreton Bay.
Later themes which endure to the present include the experiences of war, of droughts and flooding rains, of Aboriginality and of the railways and trucking routes which link Australia's vast distances. Isolation and loneliness of life in the Australian bush has been another theme. For much of its history, Australia's bush music belonged to an oral and folkloric tradition, and was only later published in print in volumes such as banjo Paterson's "Old Bush Songs", in the 1890s.
The songs often discuss the hardscrabble life and struggles of the Aussie battler. The songs are often ironic and humorous as with "Beautiful Land of Australia" chorus:
Waltzing Matilda, often regarded as Australia's unofficial National anthem, is a quintessential early Australian country song, influenced more by Celtic folk ballads than by American Country and Western music. The lyrics were composed by the poet Banjo Paterson in 1895. This strain of Australian country music, with lyrics focusing on strictly Australian subjects, is generally known as "bush music" or "bush band music".
The ballad genre continued in Australia after popular music took hold in Great Britain. "The oral ballad tradition centered on rural areas had been dying out in England for a generation as a consequence of the land clearances, industrialisation and urbanisation, found a new lease of life in the Australian bush, and one suspects that these traditional and reworked ballads were also sung in the early "free and easys." While popular music in England had begun to develop in the working-class music halls during the 1830s and 1840s, the spread of popular music in Australia was still in its infancy."
The diversity in Australia has increased, but even in the 1920s Poncie Cubillo introduced the rondalla with their Filipino string band in Darwin.
The ballad tradition has grown to include some of these influences including Chinese and Filipino. There were also the Italians growing tobacco, the de Bortoli family, in "Texas in Queensland", adding to the amalgam of folk tunes and Tex Morton hillbilly tunes. Morton, a country music singer originally from New Zealand, released a number of Australian-themed 78s between 1936 and 1943 (including "Dying Duffer's Prayer," "Murrumbridgee Jack," "Billy Brink The Shearer," "Stockman's Last Bed," "Wrap Me Up in My Stockwhip and Blanket," "Rocky Ned (The Outlaw)," and "Ned Kelly Song"), which can be considered to have been inspired by the bush ballad tradition. However, Morton sang without an Australian accent and his yodeling style was closer to that of the American singer Jimmie Rodgers than earlier Australian folk singers.
Later influences from American cowboy and country songs and 1950s rock 'n' roll led to the performance of bush ballads being influenced by and combined with these forms. With the advance of technology and mass communications, the bush ballads were joined on the modern Australian music scene by rockabilly, country music, blues, Texas swing, bluegrass, trail songs, and country pop.
Country and folk artists including Slim Dusty, Stan Coster, Rolf Harris, The Bushwackers, John Williamson, Graeme Connors and John Schumann of the band Redgum have continued to record and popularise the old bush ballads of Australia through the 20th and into the 21st century - and contemporary artists including Sara Storer and Lee Kernaghan draw heavily on this heritage.
Ashley Cook, a contemporary balladeer, sings about topics relevant to life in agriculture and mining work in Australia's outback: "Cattle, Dust and Leather" and "Blue Queenland Dogs". His song "Road to Kakadu" laments the slaughter of water buffalo in Northern Territory in the 1990s to control the Brucellosis disease. "Beneath the Queensland Moon" covers the life and death as a drover.
Public perceptions.
The genre is sometimes represented as unsophisticated in contrast to the more popular and "important" rock music, partially due to cliched images and stereotypes.
The genre has been influential and inspirational in theater and movies. Since the mid-20th century, bush songs have often been performed by bush bands, such as The Bandicoots or Franklyn B Paverty. Female bush balladeers have also been studied.
A number of awards have been set up to recognize bush balladeers. Jeff Brown was nominated for a Golden Guitar Award in the Bush Ballad of the Year category for a song he recorded "In the wings of the yard" in 2008. Past winners of the Country Music Awards Australia Bush Ballad of the Year include Anne Kirkpatrick and Joy McKean. The Stan Coster Memorial Bush Ballad Award is presented in several categories. 2007 winners included Reg Poole for male vocalist of the year for ‘A Tribute To Slim’, Graham Rodger for Songwriter of the Year ‘The Battle Of Long Tan’, and Dean Perrett for Album of the Year ‘New Tradition’ The publishers of the "Balladeers Bulletin" magazine also hold a "Bush Balladeer Starquest" competition. At the 2008 36th Country Music Australia Awards held in Tamworth, Amos Morris became the youngest artist ever to win the Golden Guitar trophy for the Bush Ballad of the Year category with "Sign of the Times".
Examples.
Some examples of popular bush ballad poems and songs include:
Traditional:
The Bush Bards:
Modern writers and singers:

</doc>
<doc id="20911040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911040" title="Benzodiazepine overdose">
Benzodiazepine overdose

Benzodiazepine overdose describes the ingestion of one of the drugs in the benzodiazepine class in quantities greater than are recommended or generally practiced. Death as a result of taking an excessive dose of benzodiazepines alone is uncommon (vs Combined drug intoxication) but does occasionally happen. Deaths after hospital admission are considered to be low. However, combinations of high doses of benzodiazepines with alcohol, barbiturates, opioids or tricyclic antidepressants are particularly dangerous, and may lead to severe complications such as coma or death. The most common symptoms of overdose include central nervous system (CNS) depression and intoxication with impaired balance, ataxia, and slurred speech. Severe symptoms include coma and respiratory depression. Supportive care is the mainstay of treatment of benzodiazepine overdose. There is an antidote, Flumazenil (Romazicon), but its use is controversial.
As benzodiazepines are one of the most highly prescribed classes of drugs they are commonly used in self-poisoning by drug overdose. The various benzodiazepines differ in their toxicity since they produce varying levels of sedation in overdose. A 1993 British study of deaths during the 1980s found flurazepam and temazepam more frequently involved in drug-related deaths causing more deaths per million prescriptions than other benzodiazepines. Flurazepam, now rarely prescribed in the United Kingdom and Australia, had the highest fatal toxicity index of any benzodiazepine (15.0), followed by temazepam (11.9), vs. benzodiazepines overall (5.9), taken with or without alcohol. An Australian (1995) study found oxazepam being less toxic and less sedative and temazepam more toxic and more sedative than most benzodiazepines in overdose. An Australian study (2004) of overdose admissions between 1987 and 2002 found alprazolam, which happens to be the most prescribed benzodiazepine in the U.S. by a large margin, to be more toxic than diazepam and other benzodiazepines. They also cited a review of the Annual Reports of the American Association of Poison Control Centers National Data Collection System, which showed alprazolam was involved in 34 fatal deliberate self poisonings over 10 years 1992–2001, compared with 30 fatal deliberate self poisonings involving diazepam. In a New Zealand study (2003) of 200 deaths Zopiclone, a benzodiazepine receptor agonist had similar overdose potential as benzodiazepines.
Signs and symptoms.
Following an acute overdose of a benzodiazepine the onset of symptoms is typically rapid with most developing symptoms within 4 hours. Patients initially present with mild to moderate impairment of central nervous system function. Initial signs and symptoms include intoxication, somnolence, diplopia, impaired balance, impaired motor function, anterograde amnesia, ataxia, and slurred speech. Most patients with pure benzodiazepine overdose will usually only exhibit these mild CNS symptoms. Paradoxical reactions such as anxiety, delirium, combativeness, hallucinations, and aggression can also occur following benzodiazepine overdose. Gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea and vomiting have also been occasionally reported.
Cases of severe overdose have been reported and symptoms displayed may include prolonged deep coma or deep cyclic coma, apnea, respiratory depression, hypoxemia, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, cardiac arrest, and pulmonary aspiration, with the possibility of death. Severe consequences are rare following overdose of benzodiazepines alone but the severity of overdose is increased significantly if benzodiazepines are taken in overdose in combination with other medications. Significant toxicity may result following recreation drug misuse in conjunction with other CNS depressants such as opioids or ethanol. The duration of symptoms following overdose is usually between 12 and 36 hours in the majority of cases. The majority of drug-related deaths involve misuse of heroin or other opioids in combination with benzodiazepines or other CNS depressant drugs. In most cases of fatal overdose it is likely that lack of opioid tolerance combined with the depressant effects of benzodiazepines in the cause of death.
The symptoms of an overdose such as sleepiness, agitation and ataxia occur much more frequently and severely in children. Hypotonia may also occur in severe cases.
Toxicity.
Benzodiazepines have a wide therapeutic index and taken alone in overdose rarely cause severe complications or fatalities. More often than not, a patient who inadvertently takes more than the prescribed dose will simply feel drowsy and fall asleep for a few hours. Of course, patients who are suicidal can easily take dosages that will become lethal once absorbed into the body. Taken in overdose in combination with alcohol, barbiturates, opioids, tricyclic antidepressants, or sedating antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, or antihistamines are particularly dangerous. In the case of alcohol and barbiturates, not only do they have an additive effect but they also increase the binding affinity of benzodiazepines to the benzodiazepine binding site, which results in a very significant potentiation of the CNS and respiratory depressant effects. In addition, the elderly and those with chronic illnesses are much more vulnerable to lethal overdose with benzodiazepines. Fatal overdoses can occur at relatively low doses in these individuals.
Pathophysiology.
Benzodiazepines bind to a specific benzodiazepine receptor, thereby enhancing the effect of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and causing CNS depression. In overdose situations this pharmacological effect is extended leading to a more severe CNS depression and potentially coma or cardiac arrest. Benzodiazepine overdose related coma may be characterised by an alpha pattern with the central somatosensory conduction time (CCT) after median nerve stimulation being prolonged and the N20 to be dispersed. Brain-stem auditory evoked potentials demonstrate delayed interpeak latencies (IPLs) I-III, III-V and I-V. Toxic overdoses therefore of benzodiazepines cause prolonged CCT and IPLs.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of benzodiazepine overdose may be difficult, but is usually made based on the clinical presentation of the patient along with a history of overdose. Obtaining a laboratory test for benzodiazepine blood concentrations can be useful in patients presenting with CNS depression or coma of unknown origin. Techniques available to measure blood concentrations include thin layer chromatography, gas liquid chromatography with or without a mass spectrometer, and radioimmunoassay. Blood benzodiazepine concentrations, however, do not appear to be related to any toxicological effect or predictive of clinical outcome. Blood concentrations are, therefore, used mainly to confirm the diagnosis rather than being useful for the clinical management of the patient.
Treatment.
Medical observation and supportive care are the mainstay of treatment of benzodiazepine overdose. Although benzodiazepines are absorbed by activated charcoal, gastric decontamination with activated charcoal is not beneficial in pure benzodiazepine overdose as the risk of adverse effects would outweigh any potential benefit from the procedure. It is recommended only if benzodiazepines have been taken in combination with other drugs that may benefit from decontamination. Gastric lavage (stomach pumping) or whole bowel irrigation are also not recommended. Enhancing elimination of the drug with hemodialysis, hemoperfusion, or forced diuresis is unlikely to be beneficial as these procedures have little effect on the clearance of benzodiazepines due to their large volume of distribution and lipid solubility.
Supportive measures.
Supportive measures include observation of vital signs, especially Glasgow Coma Scale and airway patency. IV access with fluid administration and maintenance of the airway with intubation and artificial ventilation may be required if respiratory depression or pulmonary aspiration occurs. Supportive measures should be put in place prior to administration of any benzodiazepine antagonist in order to protect the patient from both the withdrawal effects and possible complications arising from the benzodiazepine. A determination of possible deliberate overdose should be considered with appropriate scrutiny, and precautions taken to prevent any attempt by the patient to commit further bodily harm. Hypotension is corrected with fluid replacement, although catecholamines such as norepinephrine or dopamine may be required to increase blood pressure. Bradycardia is treated with atropine or an infusion of norepinephrine to increase coronary blood flow and heart rate.
Flumazenil.
Flumazenil (Anexate) is a competitive benzodiazepine receptor antagonist that can be used as an antidote for benzodiazepine overdose. Its use, however, is controversial as it has numerous contraindications. It is contraindicated in patients who are on long-term benzodiazepines, those who have ingested a substance that lowers the seizure threshold, or in patients who have tachycardia, widened QRS complex on ECG, anticholinergic signs, or a history of seizures. Due to these contraindications and the possibility of it causing severe adverse effects including seizures, adverse cardiac effects, and death, in the majority of cases there is no indication for the use of flumazenil in the management of benzodiazepine overdose as the risks in general outweigh any potential benefit of administration. It also has no role in the management of unknown overdoses. In addition, if full airway protection has been achieved, a good outcome is expected, and therefore flumazenil administration is unlikely to be required.
Flumazenil is very effective at reversing the CNS depression associated with benzodiazepines but is less effective at reversing respiratory depression. One study found that only 10% of the patient population presenting with a benzodiazepine overdose are suitable candidates for flumazenil. In this select population who are naive to and overdose solely on a benzodiazepine, it can be considered. Due to its short half life, the duration of action of flumazenil is usually less than 1 hour, and multiple doses may be needed. When flumazenil is indicated the risks can be reduced or avoided by slow dose titration of flumazenil. Due to risks and its many contraindications, flumazenil should be administered only after discussion with a medical toxicologist.
Epidemiology.
In a Swedish (2003) study benzodiazepines were implicated in 39% of suicides by drug poisoning in the elderly 1992-1996. Nitrazepam and flunitrazepam accounted for 90% of benzodiazepine implicated suicides. In cases where benzodiazepines contributed to death, but were not the sole cause, drowning, typically in the bath, was a common method used. Benzodiazepines were the predominant drug class in suicides in this review of Swedish death certificates. In 72% of the cases, benzodiazepines were the only drug consumed. Thus, many of deaths associated with benzodiazepine overdoses may not be a direct result of the toxic effects but either due to being combined with other drugs or used as a tool to complete suicide using a different method, e.g. drowning.
In a Swedish retrospective study of deaths of 1987, in 159 of 1587 autopsy cases benzodiazepines were found. In 44 of these cases the cause of death was natural causes or unclear. The remaining 115 deaths were due to accidents (N = 16), suicide (N = 60), drug addiction (N = 29) or alcoholism (N = 10). In a comparison of suicides and natural deaths, the concentrations both of flunitrazepam and nitrazepam (sleeping medications) were significantly higher among the suicides.
In four cases benzodiazepines were the sole cause of death.
In Australia, a study of 16 deaths associated with toxic concentrations of benzodiazepines during the period of 5 years leading up to July 1994 found preexisting natural disease as a feature of 11 cases; 14 cases were suicides. Cases where other drugs, including ethanol, had contributed to the death were excluded. In the remaining five cases, death was caused solely by benzodiazepines. Nitrazepam and temazepam were the most prevalent drugs detected, followed by oxazepam and flunitrazepam. A review of self poisonings of 12 months 1976 - 1977 in Auckland, New Zealand, found benzodiazepines implicated in 40% of the cases. A 1993 British study found flurazepam and temazepam to have the highest number of deaths per million prescriptions among medications commonly prescribed in the 1980s. Flurazepam, now rarely prescribed in the United Kingdom and Australia, had the highest fatal toxicity index of any benzodiazepine (15.0) followed by Temazepam (11.9), versus 5.9 for benzodiazepines overall, taken with or without alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="20911043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911043" title="Herbertshire Castle">
Herbertshire Castle

Herbertshire Castle was a castle built in the Barony of Herbertshire in the early part of the tenure of Henry Sinclair, Earl of Orkney. In 1768, the estate was sold to the Trustees of William Forbes of Callendar. In 1914, the castle was damaged by fire, and was demolished in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20911093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911093" title="Ravenna Bridge">
Ravenna Bridge

Ravenna Bridge is the name of a high and long railway viaduct on the "Höllentalbahn" line in the Black Forest, in Breitnau, Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The bridge crosses the Ravenna gorge that ends in the upper Höllental, and has a grade of . The origin of the name most likely comes from the French "ravin" for gorge.
History and Construction.
The first structure was completed in 1885 and consisted of a steel cantilever span that rested on three mortared sandstone block pillars. The bridge had a slight curve, and trains were limited to a speed of and an axle load of . Heavier locomotives and faster speeds led to the construction in 1926–27 of the current structure, a mortared stone viaduct with nine arches and an arch span of , which also had the effect of straightening the railway line. The old bridge was then demolished, although the old abutments are still visible.
The Ravenna Tunnel that follows immediately after the bridge was originally long. It was partially cut open and thus has a length today of only .
The bridge was exploded by German forces near the end of the World War II. It was re-built in 1947–48, under the direction of French occupying forces and with the use of German prisoners of war obligated to undertake compulsory labour, so that large quantities of logs from the Black Forest that had to be delivered as war reparations could be transported out.

</doc>
<doc id="20911108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911108" title="2008 Malaysia FA Cup">
2008 Malaysia FA Cup

The Malaysia FA Cup 2008 is the 19th season of the competition. The competition began on 19 February 2008, and ended with the final on 21 June 2008. Shah Alam Stadium hosted the final match.
The tournament was won by holders Kedah, who beat Selangor 3–2 in the final.
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2009 AFC Cup.
First round.
The first legs were played on 19 February 2008. The second legs were played on 4 March 2008.
Second round.
The first legs were played on 21 March 2008. First leg match for Penang FA and Kuala Muda Naza FC were played on 23 March 2008. The second legs were played on 4 March 2008.
Quarter-finals.
The first legs were played on 8 April 2008. The second legs were played on 22 April 2008.
Semi-finals.
The first legs were played on 14 June 2008. The second legs were played on 17 June 2008.
Second leg.
"Kedah win 6–1 on aggregate"
"Selangor win 3–2 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="20911113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911113" title="Idaho State Highway 9">
Idaho State Highway 9

State Highway 9 (SH-9) is a state highway in Latah County, in the U.S. state of Idaho. It runs from SH-8 near Deary, north to SH-6 near Harvard.
Route description.
SH-9 begins at an intersection with SH-8 near Deary and heads generally northwest and north to end at an intersection with SH-6 near Harvard.
Trivia.
SH-9 was the last State Highway in Idaho to be paved (though, as of 2012, SH-29 and SH-64 still have unpaved sections).
Original designation.
The Lewis and Clark Highway, from Lewiston eastward to Lolo Pass, was designated state route 9 in 1916 and construction began in 1920. Upon its completion in 1962, it became U.S. Route 12.

</doc>
<doc id="20911114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911114" title="Tartine">
Tartine

Tartine is a bakery in San Francisco, California, located in the Mission District, at 600 Guerrero Street (at 18th Street). Writing in the New York Times, food columnist Mark Bittman called it his favorite bakery in the U.S. In 2008 its owners, Elisabeth Prueitt and Chad Robertson, won James Beard Foundation Awards as the best pastry chefs in America, after previously being nominated for this award in 2006 and 2007.
Tartine (the word means slice of bread in French) opened in 2002, on the site of two previous bakeries; its owners, Prueitt and Robertson, had previously run the Bay Village Breads bakery in Point Reyes and Mill Valley. After the success of their San Francisco bakery they also opened the nearby Bar Tartine and have published a book of recipes from their bakery ("Tartine", Chronicle Books, 2006, ISBN 978-0-8118-5150-3).
As part of a May Day demonstration and riot in 2012, anarchists paint-bombed the bakery and broke its windows. The anarchists shouted "Yuppies out!"

</doc>
<doc id="20911119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911119" title="Medical Apartheid">
Medical Apartheid

Medical Apartheid: The Dark History of Medical Experimentation on Black Americans from Colonial Times to the Present is a 2007 book by Harriet A. Washington. It is a history of medical experimentation on African Americans. From the era of slavery to the present day, this book presents the first full account of black America's mistreatment as unwitting subjects of medical experimentation.
"Medical Apartheid" traces the convoluted history of medical experimentation on Black Americans in the USA since the middle of the eighteenth century. Harriet Washington argues that "diverse forms of racial discrimination have shaped both the relationship between white physicians and black patients and the attitude of the latter towards modern medicine in general".
The book is divided into three parts: the first is about the cultural memory of medical experimentation; the second examines recent cases of medical abuse and research; while the last addresses the complex relationship between racism and medicine. Some topics discussed are well-known, such as the ‘Tuskegee Syphilis Study’ (1932–72), in which African Americans suffering from the disease were prevented from receiving the necessary medication by the US Public Health Service so that the evolution of the disease could be observed, but other episodes are less well known to the general public. The book also mentions cases of Medical Experimentation in Africa and their links to African-American cases. 
"Medical Apartheid" won the 2007 National Book Critics Circle Award for Nonfiction. Harriet Washington has been a fellow in ethics at the Harvard Medical School, a fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health, and a senior research scholar at the National Center for Bioethics at Tuskegee University.

</doc>
<doc id="20911144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911144" title="1983 Batticaloa Jailbreak">
1983 Batticaloa Jailbreak

1983 Batticaloa Jailbreak happened in Batticaloa, Sri Lanka on 27 September 1983. After the Welikada prison massacre Tamil political inmates were transferred to Batticaloa. Since they were not co-operating with the police they were told by the prison guards that they will be transferred back to a Sinhalese area. Fearing death 41 Tamil political inmates decided to escape. Using smuggled weapons and outside help they overwhelmed the guards and escaped in groups. Using this opportunity 150 criminal inmates also escaped. Prominent political escapees include Ramalingam Paramadeva, Panagoda Maheswaran, Douglas Devananda & few Tamil Tiger sympathisers. This jailbreak was bloodless. The escapers left behind a female political inmate, who was rescued by Ramalingam Paramadeva of Tamil Tigers in 1984 Batticaloa Jailbreak.

</doc>
<doc id="20911153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911153" title="MTA Building">
MTA Building

The MTA Building is a 398 ft (121 m) high rise office tower in Los Angeles, California. Completed in 1995, it serves as the main headquarters for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority as well as the Southern California Regional Rail Authority. The $300 million building is the main fixture of the Patsaouras Transit Plaza and features exquisite artwork throughout the exterior facades and the interior lobby. The building's design features a blend of contextual influences of 1930's Hispanic-Deco and post-modern architecture. 
Prior to its completion, the building was criticized for its use of expensive construction materials as a public agency. One critic dubbed it as a "Taj Mahal" in reference to its Italian granite, English brick and a $300,000 aquarium. However, proponents of the project argued that it will revive a forgotten but historically important part of Downtown and create a new public place for a city with many communities but few communal gathering places.
Officials contend that the MTA-owned headquarters will save money by bringing together over 2,000 workers scattered around town at leased quarters. Once the bonds are paid off in 30 years, the MTA will own its own headquarters and can divert the money previously spent on rent for public transit, they say.
Officials say the new building -- built under budget and on time also will help put an end to the rivalries between staffs of the old transit agencies by bringing them together under the same roof.
Features four levels of underground parking.

</doc>
<doc id="20911176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911176" title="Adenium multiflorum">
Adenium multiflorum

Adenium multiflorum is small, succulent tree native to central and eastern Southern Africa. Like other members of the succulent Apocynaceae family, "A. multiflorum" has a milky latex with toxic alkaloids, specifically Cardiac glycosides . This latex is used as an arrow poison and as a fish stunning poison. 
It is sometimes treated as a variety or subspecies of "Adenium obesum".

</doc>
<doc id="20911192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911192" title="Demons and Wonders">
Demons and Wonders

Demons and Wonders (original title: Demônios e Maravilhas) is a 1987 Brazilian autobiographical documentary film by and about Brazilian filmmaker, director, screenwriter, film and television actor and media personality José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English, Coffin Joe). In the film Marins focuses on himself in scenes recounting life and experiences in filmmaking, with much focus on Marins' many battles with Brazilian film censors. 
Marins began filming a second installment of the film called "Alucinação Macabra" ("Macabre Hallucination"), which consisted of scenes from his films mixed with video segments. Although all filming was completed, the film was never edited or released due to finances.

</doc>
<doc id="20911211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911211" title="My Life (Don Chezina album)">
My Life (Don Chezina album)

My Life is the album released by, Don Chezina. It leaked during the released, but its available download on Walmart.com. Guest Stars are Tony Touch, Rey Pirin, Nandee Rhythms, Arcangel, Castrophobia, Guelo Star, J-King & Maximan, Master Joe, Felo Man, and 50 Cent

</doc>
<doc id="20911258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911258" title="Astra .44 MAGNUM CTG.">
Astra .44 MAGNUM CTG.

The Astra Terminator is a revolver made by the Astra firearms company in Spain, sometimes only called the Astra .44 CTG. because the "TERMINATOR" logo on the barrel is often overlooked or even missing on some examples. 
It has a barrel length of 2 5/8", a capacity of six rounds, orange plastic insert front sight, factory Pachmayr compact grips, and has a full lug barrel. The revolver was also chambered in .41 magnum and .45 colt, but examples in these calibers are much more rare. The Astra was inspired by a Smith & Wesson revolver N-frame. The design was inspired by Jovino Effector and is dimensionally similar to the Smith & Wesson N-frame revolver. Due to the short barrel, this pistol has a fairly large recoil and a huge muzzle-flash. 
It was manufactured in Spain and was imported into the USA by Interarms under catalog number 55000. It was sold through distributor Lew Horton in the 1980s.
Pop culture.
This gun was notably used in the Robert Rodriguez movie "From Dusk Till Dawn".

</doc>
<doc id="20911263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911263" title="Alexander S. Williams">
Alexander S. Williams

Alexander S. Williams (July 9, 1839 – March 25, 1917) was an American law enforcement officer and police inspector for the New York City Police Department. One of the more colorful yet controversial figures of the NYPD, popularly known as "Clubber Williams" or "Czar of the Tenderloin", he oversaw the Tenderloin and Gas House districts as well as breaking up a number of the city's street gangs, most notably, the Gas House Gang in 1871. He, along with William "Big Bill" Devery and Thomas F. Byrnes, were among several senior NYPD officials implicated by the Lexow Committee during the 1890s.
Early life.
Alexander S. Williams was born in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada on July 9, 1839. His father was a native of Nova Scotia and his mother was Scottish. He emigrated to the United States as a child and was apprenticed as a ship's carpenter for the New York-based shipbuilding firm W.H. Webb & Co. for several years. As a young man, he visited several countries including Mexico and Japan among others. He was reportedly the first Westerner to lay the keel of a sailing ship in Japan. Returning to the United States, he was employed by the government and was engaged in raising a sunken ship off the coast of Florida.
First years with the NYPD.
Williams officially joined the New York Police Department on August 23, 1866. According to popular lore, Williams originally approached NYPD Police Commissioner John Bergen at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters to personally request a commission as a patrolman. Bergen however, without any way to confirm his identity, pointed this fact out remarking that "You may be a convict from Sing Sing for all I know". Williams angrily told the commissioner he could keep the job and stormed out of his office. Impressed with Williams show of force, he sent for Williams to be brought back and was immediately given a position as a patrolman.
His first post was at the 47th Precinct in Brooklyn where he remained until 1868 when he was transferred to Broadway, then a dangerous and high-crime area, commonly known as "a district infested with crooks and thugs of all description". Williams quickly gained a reputation as a fearsome fighter, in a time when several police officers had been carried off in ambulances during their beat, and eventually became known as "Clubber Williams". Two days after his arrival in the Houston Street area, he picked a fight with two local toughs and attacked them single-handed. Knocking them both unconscious with his club, the fight ended when he threw both of them through a plate glass window from the Florence Saloon. In his first three years in the district, it was said that "it was a dull day that did not find him with at least one row in his hands". He was made a roundsman on July 10, 1871 and then appointed to sergeant on September 23 whereupon he was assigned to lead the then newly formed "mounted squad".
Gas House and the Tenderloin districts.
On May 31, 1872, Williams became the precinct captain of the East 35th Street Station, then located in the infamous Gas House district, where he led a "strong arm squad" into the district and was successful in breaking up the Gas House Gang. He spent the next three years in other poor high-crime areas using his aggressive "rough-and-ready" policing methods until September 30, 1876 when he was transferred to the West 13th Street Station. The precinct was one of the most important posts in the city, being the center of the Broadway's night clubs, gambling resorts and "disorderly houses", and supposedly said to a friend when asking about his new assignment, "I like it fine. I have had chuck for a long time, and now I'm going to eat tenderloin." The area would later become known as the "Tenderloin district" which was attributed to this remark.
He remained in the Tenderloin for two years, Max F. Schmittberger and James K. Price both serving as his wardmen, and was briefly detailed as Superintendent of Street Cleaning until his return on June 15, 1881. Despite being brought up on charges eighteen times, Williams was always acquitted by the Board of Police Commissioners and remained in charge of the district until his promotion to inspector in August 1887. In response to frequent criticism of excessive force, Williams once said "There is more law in the end of a policeman's nightstick then in a decision of the Supreme Court".
Lexow Committee inquiry.
In 1894, a legislative investigation headed by Senator Clarence Lexow was established to investigate corruption within the NYPD. One of the main examinations of the Lexow Committee was Williams' administration in the Tenderloin district. Claims that Williams had received money from gamblers and brothel keepers was supported by testimony from Max Schmittenberger, now a Chief Inspector, who stated before the committee that he himself had collected regular payments and turned it over to Williams.
His involvement in other underworld "interests" were uncovered during the investigation and Williams was called to testify. He claimed that he had acted against some "disorderly houses", but was unable to recall the names or addresses, while he had allowed others to continue operating because they were "fashionable". Among his personal finances and properties 
included a house at Cos Cob, Connecticut, a yacht and other property. When asked how he had acquired these on a policeman's salary, he answered "I bought real estate in Japan and it has increased in value".
Retirement and later life.
In the aftermath following the Lexow investigation, it was widely speculated that Williams would be charged with corruption. Williams would not be brought to trial, however a meeting of the three Police Commissioners headed by Theodore Roosevelt on May 24, 1895 decided that Williams would be retired on a yearly pension of $1,750. In the fall, Williams unsuccessfully ran for State Senator in the Twelfth District where he had formerly been an inspector. He later went into the insurance business where he was said to have been very successful.
In 1912, Williams lashed out against Mayor William Jay Gaynor who had used his nickname "Clubber Williams" in a derogatory fashion towards his police record. Williams issued a public statement in defense of his near 30-year career on the force. "Just ask the Mayor if he can point to a single person I ever clubbed that did not deserve it. He can't name one and he knows it".
Williams died at his West 95th Street home on the afternoon of March 25, 1917. He was survived by his wife and two sons, all of whom were with him at the time of his death, and buried at Woodlawn Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20911267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911267" title="Salvia dombeyi">
Salvia dombeyi

Salvia dombeyi is a tender perennial found at approximately 3000 m elevation in Peru, and is popular with gardeners in Bolivia and Peru. In cultivation, and with proper support, this vining sage can climb from 3-6 m. The heart-shaped dark green leaves have a long petiole with short hairs. The flowers are among the largest salvia flowers, typically at least 8 cm long—with a 4 cm currant-red calyx and a 9 cm scarlet corolla.

</doc>
<doc id="20911283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911283" title="Neka Art Museum">
Neka Art Museum

The Neka Art Museum is a museum located in Ubud on Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20911296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911296" title="Flare Acoustic Arts League">
Flare Acoustic Arts League

Flare Acoustic Arts League — a.k.a. Flare (band) — were an experimental pop band formed by guitarist Damian Costilla and singer LD Beghtol in New York in 1996 who made intense, darkly romantic, atmospheric songs deeply influenced by their love of The Smiths, The Magnetic Fields (with whom beghtol sometimes collaborated), Love, various 4AD bands and The Velvet Underground. Flare soon became a small chamber ensemble, augmenting Costilla's guitar work with other instrumentalists for recording/live shows. Costilla left Flare shortly after the release of their debut CD, "Bottom" (Tamper Evident, 1997). Beghtol continued to record and perform under the Flare moniker until 2001, when he renamed the band Flare Acoustic Arts League.
Beghtol then became Flare's principal songwriter/musical director, and expanded its dreamy minimalism to vastly orchestral arrangements that pitted horns and strings, heavily treated guitars and noise loops against florid melodies and esoteric subject matter. The band's swansong, an ersatz "double EP" entitled "Big Top/Encore", which included originals and covers of the swirling Psychedelic Furs song "Yes I Do" and "Morgantown" by the enigmatic Brooklynite Dorsey among its 10 tracks, was released by Affairs of the Heart in August 2011 in various digital and vinyl formats. Flare formally ceased trading in 2012 after the band’s first—and only—tour of Germany and Austria.
Selected discography.
CDs
EPs
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="20911298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911298" title="USS PC-1261">
USS PC-1261

USS "PC-1261" was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. She is notable for being the first ship sunk during the D-Day landings on 6 June 1944, when she was hit by shellfire from German shore batteries.
Career.
"PC-1261" was laid down on 20 November 1942 by the Leatham D. Smith Shipbuilding Company in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin and launched on 28 February 1943. She was commissioned in May 1943 and was sent to Europe and participated in the Normandy Landings. 
On 6 June 1944, "PC-1261" led the first wave of landing crafts. While "en route" to the beach, she was struck by an artillery shell and foundered. She was the first ship sunk on D-Day.

</doc>
<doc id="20911308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911308" title="Answer (album)">
Answer (album)

ANSWER, released on February 25, 2009 is Angela Aki's 3rd Japanese studio album. It sold 74,068 copies in its first week, peaking at Number 1 on the Oricon charts. It includes a re-recording of We're All Alone, a song that she had previously covered on One. This marks the second time Angela has re-recorded a song from that 2005 Indie album for inclusion on a major label release. It was released in two editions - the regular Cd edition, and a limited first-press only edition which includes a DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="20911315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911315" title="Ambarawa Railway Museum">
Ambarawa Railway Museum

The Ambarawa Railway Museum, () is a museum located in Ambarawa in Central Java, Indonesia. The museum focuses on the collection of steam locomotives, the remains of the closing of the railway line.
Museum building and location.
Ambarawa was a military city during the Dutch Colonial Government. King Willem I ordered the construction of a new railway station to enable the government to transport its troops to Semarang. On May 21, 1873 the Ambarawa railway station was built on a 127,500 m² land. This was known back then as Willem I Station.
The Willem I Railway Station was originally a transhipment point between the gauge branch from Kedungjati to the northeast and the gauge line onward towards Yogyakarta via Magelang to the south. It is still possible to see that the two sides of the station were built to accommodate different size trains.
The Ambarawa railway museum was established much later on October 6, 1976 in the Ambarawa Station to preserve the steam locomotives, which were then coming to the end of their useful lives when the gauge railways of the Indonesian State Railway (the Perusahaan Negara Kereta Api, PNKA) was closed. These are parked in the open air next to the original station.
Railway line.
The gauge line towards Yogyakarta (runs roughly south-west from Ambarawa) was of particular interest because it contained sections of rack railway between Jambu and Secang, the only such operation in Java. This line beyond Bedono closed in the early 1970s after it was damaged in an earthquake, but had already lost most of its passenger traffic to buses on the parallel road. The line from Kedungjati (runs east initially from Ambarawa) survived into the middle 1970s but saw very little traffic near the end, not least because it was far quicker to travel more directly by road to Semarang. The presence of the rack line meant that there was probably never much through traffic from Semarang to Yogyakarta.
Currently, there is operating heritage railway between Ambarawa-Bedono, operated by steam locomotive. In addition, there is also tourist railway between Ambarawa-Tuntang.
Collection.
The museum collected 21 steam locomotives. Currently four locomotives are operational. Other collections of the museum include old telephones, Morse telegraph equipment, old bells and signals equipment, and some antique furniture. 
Some of the steam locomotives are the 2 B25 class 0-4-2RT B2502 and B2503 which is from the original fleet of 5 supplied to the line about 100 years ago (a third locomotive, B 2501, is preserved in a park in the town nearby). The E10 class 0-10-0RT E1060 which was originally delivered to West Sumatra in the 1960s for working the coal railway, but was brought to Java, later returned again to Sawahlunto, and a conventional locomotive 2-6-0T C1218 which was restored to working order in 2006, but transferred to Solo to working as tourist train, named Sepur Kluthuk Jaladara. The museum also have a small diesel shunter D300 class 0-8-0D D300 23, previously based at Cepu, an old UH-295 crane from Semarang, and the newly restored B51 class 4-4-0 B5112 specially for Ambarawa-Tuntang line.

</doc>
<doc id="20911317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911317" title="Jerusalem, Lincolnshire">
Jerusalem, Lincolnshire

Jerusalem is a small ribbon development in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It conjoined to the south of Skellingthorpe, and is part of Skellingthorpe civil parish.
One of the earliest references to Jerusalem was found in documents dating back to 1436. Simon Sebag Montefiore states that the village dates back to this period, when 'pilgrimage to Jerusalem' was "wildly popular" but traveling to the city of Jerusalem was either not a practical proposition or it was too hostile a location.

</doc>
<doc id="20911372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911372" title="Tonino Sorrentino">
Tonino Sorrentino

Tonino Sorrentino (born 12 March 1985 in Melito Irpino) is an Italian association footballer who plays for FC Südtirol.
Sorrentino played a game in UEFA Cup for Parma in 2003-04 season (as B squad player), before left on loan to hometown club Avellino. He scored twice in his European debut.
He returned to Parma in summer 2004, played three time in UEFA Cup, and 5 in Seire A. In 2005-06 season, he left for Catanzaro and Grosseto. At the end of season, Grosseto signed him in joint-ownership bid.
In 2007-08 season, he left on loan again, this time to Perugia and Cavese.
At the end of season, Grosseto bought all of the contract from Parma, but Sorrentino stayed with Cavese.
In January 2010 he left Cavese to join FC Südtirol.

</doc>
<doc id="20911377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911377" title="Jakarta History Museum">
Jakarta History Museum

The Jakarta History Museum (), also known as "Fatahillah Museum" or "Batavia Museum", is located in the Old Town (known as "Kota") of Jakarta, Indonesia. The building was built in 1710 as the "Stadhuis" (city hall) of Batavia. Jakarta History Museum, opened in 1974, displays objects from the prehistory period of the city region, the founding of Jayakarta in 1527, and through the Dutch colonization period from the 16th century until Indonesia’s Independence in 1948. The museum is located in south side of Fatahillah Square (former Batavia city square) near Wayang Museum and Fine Art and Ceramic Museum.
History.
Jakarta History Museum is located in the building which was the former City Hall of Batavia, known in the past as "Stadhuis". This building was the administrative headquarters of the Dutch East India Company and later of the Dutch Colonial Government. The current building was constructed in 1707 by the city government, replacing the former city hall built in 1627. Governor General Abraham van Riebeeck inaugurated it in 1710.
The building contains 37 ornate rooms. There are also some cells located beneath the front portico which were used as dungeons. A Javanese freedom fighter Prince Diponegoro, who was treacherously arrested, was imprisoned here in 1830 before being banished to Manado, North Sulawesi.
This building is located in front of a public square, which in the past was known as "Stadhuisplein", the City Hall Square. The square is now known as Fatahillah Square (). In the center of the square is a fountain which was used as a water supply during colonial era. Also located in the square is a Portuguese cannon (known as Si Jagur Cannon) with a hand ornament showing a fico gesture, which is believed by local people to be able to induce fertility on women. The square was also used as the place of executions.
In 1970, the Fatahillah Square was declared a Cultural Heritage. This effort was the beginning of the development of the historical area of the City of Jakarta, carried out by the Government of DKI Jakarta. The Jakarta History Museum was inaugurated on 30 March 1974 as the center for collection, conservation and research for all kinds of objects of cultural heritage related to the history of the City of Jakarta. The building's generous scale with massive timber beams and floorbands.
Collections.
Jakarta History Museum has a collection of around 23,500 objects, some of them inherited from "de Oude Bataviasche Museum" (now the Wayang Museum). The collection includes objects from the Dutch East Indies Company, historic maps, paintings, ceramics, furnitures, and archeological objects from the prehistoric era such as ancient inscriptions and sword. The Jakarta History Museum also contains the richest collection of Betawi style furnitures from the 17th to the 19th century. The collections are divided into several rooms such as Prehistoric Jakarta Room, Tarumanegara Room, Jayakarta Room, Fatahillah Room, Sultan Agung Room, and MH Thamrin Room.
The museum also contains a replica of the Tugu Inscription from the age of Great King Purnawarman, which is the evidence that the center of the Kingdom of Tarumanegara was located around the seaport of Tanjung Priok on the coast of Jakarta. There is also a replica of the 16th century map of the Portuguese Padrao Monument, a historical evidence of the ancient Sunda Kelapa Harbor.
Conservation.
The museum was temporarily closed in July 2011 for conservation. Conservation activities to be conducted with aid from the Dutch government are scheduled to begin in 2012. The museum is expected to reopen in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20911395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911395" title="Chinese desserts">
Chinese desserts

Chinese desserts ( or ) are sweet foods and dishes that are served with tea, along with meals or at the end of meals in Chinese cuisine. The desserts encompass a wide variety of ingredients commonly used in East Asian cuisines such as powdered or whole glutinous rice, sweet bean pastes, and agar. Due to the many Chinese cultures and the long history of China, there are a great variety of desserts of many forms.
Types.
The desserts found in China can be roughly divided into several types.
Bing.
Bing (餅) are baked wheat flour based confections, these are either similar to the short-pastry crust of western cuisine or flaky like puff pastry, the latter of which is often known as "su" (酥). The preferred fat used for bing is usually lard. One of the more commonly known bings are the moon cake, sun cake and wife Cake.
Candies.
Chinese candies and sweets, called "táng" (糖), are usually made with cane sugar, malt sugar, and honey. These sweets often consists of nuts or fruits that are mixed into syrup whole or in pastes to flavour or give the candies their textures. "Dragon's beard candy, and White Rabbit Creamy Candy are a some examples of this category.
Gio.
Gio or Gio (糕/粿) are rice based snacks that are typically steamed and may be made from glutinous or normal rice. In Fukien speaking Chinese populations, these are known as "Kuei", which are based on the pronunciation of "粿". These rice based snacks have a wide variety of textures and can be chewy, jelly-like, fluffy or rather firm and unlike bings very different from western pastries. Various types of gao include Nian gao, Bai Tang Gao, Tangyuan and Ang Ku Kueh.
Ices.
Shaved ice desserts (刨冰, bào bīng) with sweet condiments and syrup is common eaten as a dessert in Chinese culture. Ice cream is also commonly available throughout China.
Jellies.
Chinese jellies are known collectively in the language as "jellies or ices" (凍/冻 or 冰). Many jelly desserts are traditionally set with agar and are flavored with fruits, though gelatin based jellies are also common in contemporary desserts. Some Chinese jellies, such as the grass jelly and the aiyu jelly set by themselves.
Soups.
Chinese dessert soups (湯 or 糊) typically consists of sweet and usually hot soups and custards, and are collectively known as tong sui in Cantonese. Some of these soups are made with restorative properties in mind, in concordance with traditional Chinese medicine. A commonly eaten dessert soup is douhua.

</doc>
<doc id="20911404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911404" title="Vermio">
Vermio

Vermio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20911423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911423" title="Bhindar Kalan">
Bhindar Kalan

Bhindar Kalan is a village in Mandi Bahauddin District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Description.
The village is situated southeast of the district capital of Mandi Bahauddin, and east of the town of Phalia. The population is about 2000. The literacy rate is above 80%. The village is in a well-cultivated area. The main crops are wheat, rice, and sugar cane. Most people of the village are either farmers or government servants. The village has been continuously developing since the partition in 1947. The nearest neighboring villages are Kot Sattar Gharbi, Do-Burji, Kot Rehm Shah, Kotli Khurd, Haiger Kurd, Helan, and Rajoa.
Demography.
The main tribes of the village are:

</doc>
<doc id="20911426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911426" title="Argentine general election, September 1973">
Argentine general election, September 1973

The second Argentine general election of 1973 was held on 23 September. Turnout was 85.5%, and it produced the following results:
Background.
The jubilation that followed the May 25, 1973, return to democracy (following seven years of military rule) was soon clouded by political friction and unforeseen events. President Héctor Cámpora, who took his Oath of Office in the presence of Cuban leader Osvaldo Dorticós and Chilean leader Salvador Allende—both consular figures in Latin American Marxism—promptly declared a near-blanket amnesty for the several hundred political prisoners held by Alejandro Lanusse's regime (many in inhospitable camps such as the one in Trelew, scene of a 1972 mass execution). Cámpora also made controversial appointments, such as Rodolfo Puiggrós as President of the University of Buenos Aires, Esteban Righi as Minister of the Interior (overseeing law enforcement) and Julio Troxler as Assistant Police Chief of Buenos Aires - all former defense attorneys linked to the violently left-wing Montoneros. A number of left-wing lawyers were also elected to prominent elected posts across the nation, notably Oscar Bidegain (Governor of Buenos Aires Province), Ricardo Obregon Cano (Governor of Córdoba Province) and Alberto Martínez Baca (Governor of Mendoza Province), among others. This new-found prominence among the Argentine left encouraged an increasingly violent reaction among the far right. Among Cámpora's appointees was one insisted on by his patron, Juan Perón: José López Rega, a former policeman with an interest in the occult close to the Perón household since 1965. 
López Rega, formally Minister of Social Policy, quickly parlayed his portfolio control over nearly 30 percent of the national budget into a well-funded paramilitary force, the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance (Triple A). Threatened by the Montoneros' inroads into student and neighborhood organizations, local governments and the Peronist Youth, they began targeting many of Cámpora's policy makers, some of which began resigning under pressure from Perón, himself. President Cámpora agreed to have Peronist militants in charge of most security arrangements for Perón's much-anticipated June 20, 1973, return from exile; as the Alitalia flight carrying the leader's retinue descended over Ministro Pistarini International Airport at Ezeiza, however, a scuffle erupted between left and right-wing minders over control of the stage from which Perón would address the nation, leading to a rash of pitched battles resulting in perhaps over a hundred deaths and Perón's public, July 13 suggestion that Cámpora resign.
The calculating López Rega seized on this to prevail on Vice President Vicente Solano Lima and Senate President Alejandro Díaz Bialet to resign, as well, leaving a constitutional vacuum referred to as an "acephaly" — the absence of a head of state. This move created both the need for new elections and the chance to remove a number of Cámpora's leftist advisers; it also left the nation's highest office to the President of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies (lower house), Raúl Lastiri, who was, despite being a year older than López Rega, the powerful Social Policy Minister's son-in-law. The cautious Lastiri continued Cámpora's populist socio-economic policies; inheriting a growing threat from an increasingly armed Peronist Youth and the newly-active Trotskyite People's Revolutionary Army (ERP), which, in only three months, attacked a military installation and murdered a number of military figures, he replaced Interior Minister Righi and called elections for September 23. The runners-up in the march elections — Ricardo Balbín (UCR) and Francisco Manrique (APF) — again accepted their respective party's nomination, with Manrique obtaining the endorsement of the PDP and naming its leader as his running mate. 
Increasing violence led many in Argentina, including much of the armed forces to conclude that only Perón commanded enough respect to persuade extremists away from hostilities. Gathering in Buenos Aires' renowned Teatro Colón, the Justicialist Party struggled to nominate Perón's running mate. The choice of the leader's own wife, Isabel, intrigued the convention — she was, after all, the only prominent Peronist (aside from Perón himself) not publicly associated with any one faction within the fractious movement. Opposed to López Rega's suggestion at first, the aging Perón (who would, in theory, serve until May 1977) set aside strong personal doubts as to his wife's readiness for office and agreed. The two sailed into office in a record landslide on the same FREJULI umbrella ticket on which Cámpora was elected only six months earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20911429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911429" title="Prabu Geusan Ulun Museum">
Prabu Geusan Ulun Museum

The Prabu Geusan Ulun Museum is a museum located in Sumedang on West Java, Indonesia. It is located on Geusan Ulun Road 40B.
The museum houses a collection of traditional Sundanese weaponry, as well as the crown jewels and other finery. 

</doc>
<doc id="20911468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911468" title="Helicopter landing officer">
Helicopter landing officer

The Helicopter Landing Officer, also known as HLO is the most vital part of the operating team for offshore helidecks (A helideck is a purpose built helicopter landing area, usually on a ship or offshore oil/gas installation) Over the years the offshore oil exploration and production business has relied upon helicopters as the main method of transferring personnel to and from their workplace. Traditionally, and legally these days, the appointment of an HLO is the responsibility of the ship or installation operator. In the early days of offshore helicopter work, the basic requirements of safety were met by persons who would have a primary task (Deck supervisor, Crane supervisor etc.) and would take responsibility for the helicopter crew change as a secondary task.
The influence of the various Civil Aviation Authorities around the world has had a huge effect on the efficiency and safety of working in this position.
The safety of all personnel traveling to a ship or offshore location is in the hands of these specialists, whilst moving to and from the helicopter. The HLO commands a team, which again, is usually made up of members of the ship or installation crew, known as HDA's (Helideck Assistants). The assistants themselves are also trained in passenger and freight handling, helicopter safety and fire and rescue.

</doc>
<doc id="20911512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911512" title="Moth Wranglers">
Moth Wranglers

Moth Wranglers was a musical collaboration formed in 1998 by Chris Xefos (Drop Quarters, ex-King Missile), and LD Beghtol (Flare, The Magnetic Fields). The duo took their name from the credits for Jonathan Demme's 1991 thriller "Silence of the Lambs." In their decade-long involvement, the pair created two albums and a number of other one-off recordings and live performances, mostly working separately in different studios. Guest musicians figure prominently on moth wranglers' recordings ("Never Mind the Context" (Magnetic, 2001), "Never Better" (Magnetic, 2004), and "Never Again" (digital release, 2010), including Victor Krummenacher and Jonathan Segel of Camper Van Beethoven), Ken Stringfellow of The Posies, Stephin Merritt of The Magnetic Fields, Doug Hilsinger and other noted rock/pop musicians of an experimental bent as well as multi-instrumentalist/mentalist/author Daniel Handler. The moth wranglers' song “Dear Santa (Don’t Come to My House)” — featuring Kendall Jane Meade — was used in the 2008 Irish feature film "How About You", directed by Anthony Byrne and starring Vanessa Redgrave, Joss Akland and Hayley Atwell. moth wranglers disbanded in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20911533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911533" title="Affandi Museum">
Affandi Museum

The Affandi Museum is a museum located in Yogyakarta on Java, Indonesia. 
On the bank of the Gajah Wong River on Solo Street, the painter Affandi designed and constructed a home for himself, which also functions as a museum to display his paintings. The building is uniquely constructed, with a roof that resembles a banana leaf. The museum has around 250 of Affandi’s paintings. The high air humidity and temperature are causing concerns about the condition of the paintings. The Affandi Foundation, which manages the museum, finds it difficult to manage the museum properly, due to a lack of funds and revenue.
Before dying, Affandi spent a lot of time sitting around in his own museum, observing his paintings. He said once, “I want to die in simplicity without giving anyone unnecessary trouble, so I could go home to Him in peace.”
After suffering a complication of illnesses, on Wednesday, the May 23, 1990, Affandi died. He is now buried in the museum complex, as he wished to always be surrounded by his family and his works.

</doc>
<doc id="20911534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911534" title="List of United States Senators in the 11th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 11th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1807 to March 3, 1809.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
The two main parties at this point were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR)

</doc>
<doc id="20911536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911536" title="Ragheb Harb">
Ragheb Harb

Sheikh Ragheb Harb (1952–1984) was a Lebanese resistance leader and Muslim cleric. He was born in Jebsheet, a village in the Jabal Amel region of Southern Lebanon. Harb was an imam and led regional resistance against Israeli occupation Shiite resistance until he was assassinated by Israelis on 16 February 1984. Danny Abdalla, a Lebanese criminal living in Denmark, admitted to having killed Harb on behalf of the Israelis, and also claimed to have participated in the kidnapping of Harb's successor, Abdul Karim Obeyd. As a result, Hezbollah put him on their death list, and he is wanted in Lebanon. According to one source, Harb's supporters would go on to form the Lebanese paramilitary and political organization Hezbollah. He belonged to the first Shiite party in Lebanon "Amal Movement"

</doc>
<doc id="20911543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911543" title="Edmund Walter Pook">
Edmund Walter Pook

Edmund Walter Pook was born at Walworth, Surrey in 1851, the son of Ebenezer Whitcher Pook and Mary Pook, formerly Burch. He was employed in his father's printing works at Greenwich, London. In May 1871 he was accused of murdering Jane Maria Clouson, a former maid in his parents' home. Jane, who was just seventeen years old, was attacked with a hammer in Kidbrooke Lane, Eltham, South-East London - a killing that came to be known as the Eltham Murder. It was claimed that Edmund had made Jane pregnant, and as a result Jane was forced to leave the household. However, this claim was refuted by his parents, who stated that Jane was dismissed following several warnings about her unkempt appearance, and slovenly work habits. It was also claimed that Edmund and Jane had continued their relationship following her dismissal. It was said that they met secretly and corresponded romantically with one another. However, these claims were proved to be completely unfounded. No correspondence from either Jane or Edmund could be found, and no witnesses to these secret meetings were able to be presented in court. 
Newspaper accounts of the time had intimated Edmund's guilt, even before his trial, which took place at the Old Bailey in July 1871. During the final day of his trial a large crowd had gather in the street outside the court, the courtroom being packed with spectators. As his acquittal by jury was read out in court, a large cheer went up from the courtroom spectators, but when it was announced to the crowd waiting in the street, the mood was one of anger and disappointment. Those not able to hear the evidence presented in the courtroom, had relied on newspaper accounts to make their own judgment of Edmund's guilt or otherwise. Edmund's acquittal was based on the lack of creditable evidence. It has been suggested that Edmund had escaped justice because of his social class, and family connections. His father had previously worked for The Times as a tradesman printer. It is highly doubtful that Ebenezer Pook would have had any influence on the processes of the law, and considering that his son, and his wider family were harassed by the print media, both during and after the trial, Ebeneza Pook appears to have had little influence over the newspapers. 
Edmund was represented at the Coroner's Inquest into Jane's murder by Henry Pook, a solicitor, not related to Edmund's family. Henry Pook had also represented Edmund Pook in two subsequent criminal libel suits, where Edmund was openly accused in pamphlets of being a murderer, despite his acquittal. During his trail at the Old Bailey, he was defended by Mr. Huddleston, Q.C., with Messrs., Harrinton and Besley assisting. 
Edmund and his family subsequently fled London, changing their identity as they continued to be hounded mercilessly by the press. 
The murder of Jane Maria Clouson and subsequent the trial of Edmund Walter Pook, was an early example of the growing influence of the print media over public opinion. 
References.
[http://www.oldbaileyonline.org/]

</doc>
<doc id="20911565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911565" title="Ullen Sentalu Museum">
Ullen Sentalu Museum

The Ullen Sentalu Museum is a Javanese culture and art museum located in Kaliurang highland, Yogyakarta, Java, Indonesia. The museum displays relics and artifact from royal houses and kratons of Java, such as Yogyakarta, Pakualam, Surakarta, and Mangkunegaran.
History.
Ullen Sentalu Museum is a private museum that was initiated by Haryono family and now is managed by Ulating Blencong Foundation. It was established in 1994 and officially inaugurated on March 1, 1997, coinciding with the date commemorated every year as a historical day for Yogyakarta City. The inauguration was done by KGPAA Paku Alam VIII, who was at that time the Governor of Yogyakarta Special Province.
Some prominent figures have become members and counselors of the foundation, among other I.S.K.S. Paku Buwono XII of Kasunanan Surakarta Hadiningrat, KGPAA Paku Alam VIII of Pakualaman Principality, GBPH Poeger - Son of Sultan HB VIII - , GRAy Siti Nurul Kusumawardhani - daughter of Mangkunegara VII - , Hartini Soekarno - wife of the late President Soekarno - , and KP. Dr. Samuel Wedyadiningrat DSB. Konk.
Admission.
IDR 50,000 (International visitor)
IDR 25,000 (Domestic/regular visitor)
secretariat.
Jl. Plemburan 10, Yogyakarta Indonesia 55581

</doc>
<doc id="20911567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911567" title="Idaho State Highway 11">
Idaho State Highway 11

State Highway 11 (SH-11) is a state highway in northern Idaho. It runs from U.S. Route 12 (US 12) near Greer, north to Headquarters.
Route description.
SH-11 begins at an intersection with US 12 in Lewis County. It heads east across the Clearwater River into Clearwater County, running through Greer, and climbs out of the Clearwater valley in a series of switchbacks. It then heads east, exiting the Nez Perce Indian Reservation, and continues to Weippe, passing a historic marker indicating the point the Lewis and Clark expedition met the Nez Perce.
SH-11 then turns northeast out of Weippe. Shortly before entering Pierce, it passes three historical markers. The first indicates the site of the lynching of five Chinese miners in 1885. The second marker indicates Canal Gulch, the site of the first gold strike in Idaho. The third marker indicates the site of the original Orofino.
SH-11 then passes through Pierce and continues generally northeast. It ends at an intersection with National Forest Road No. 247 in Headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="20911599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911599" title="Heinrich Sterr">
Heinrich Sterr

Heinrich Sterr (24 September 1919 – 26 November 1944) was a German World War II Luftwaffe 130 aerial victories—that is, 130 aerial combat encounters resulting in the destruction of the enemy aircraft—Flying ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Combat History.
Heinrich Sterr was born on 24 September 1919 in Ortenburg, Lower Bavaria as part of the Free State of Bavaria. He was not one of the traditional Luftwaffe Aces - he was not a member of the pre-war Luftwaffe (he had only just turned 20 when war broke out) and he missed the early warfare over Poland, France and the first year in the East. After completing his pilot-training in 1942, Sterr was sent, as an "Unteroffizier", to 6./ Jagdgeschwader 54 (6th squadron of the 54th Fighter Wing). At the time it was based at Ryelbitzi, west of Lake Ilmen covering the battles around Demyansk Pocket as the Soviets continued to try and break through the German forces in front of Leningrad. Although the front remained relatively static throughout 1942, there was no shortage of aerial combat and he scored his first victory on 19 July, shooting down an Il-2 bomber .
As the year drew to a close, II./JG 54's squadrons were cycled back to Germany to re-equip onto the new Fw 190A fighter. This was a catalyst for "Feldwebel" Sterr's combat career and started scoring regularly thereafter. By the end of March 1943 he had over 30 victories, and on 30 April he was awarded the "Ehrenpokal" (Trophy of Honour).
In June, "Luftflotte" 1 staged a last big effort to blow the railway bridges of the vital supply link to Leningrad. In July, most other fighter "Gruppen" were assembled around the Kursk salient for the next German offensive - Operation Zitadelle. Although II./JG 54 was kept back guarding Leningrad, it appears several of its pilots, including "Ofw" Sterr, went with I./JG 54 to Orel. In the fortnight or so that it was there he scored a further ten victories to add to a score now in the sixties. On 23 July he was awarded the German Cross in Gold.
By now the German forces were stretched too thin across the Eastern Front to provide constant air cover and were increasingly being used as "fire brigades", as new Soviet offensives broke out up and down the line. Sterr's victory list is a case in point, on the nomadic existence of II./JG 54 from here on: early August gave 15 victories over Leningrad, then later in the month a clutch of victories south-east of Smolensk; then in October there were eight victories around Kiev in the Ukraine.
Having reached over 100 victories in November, "Oberfeldwebel" Sterr was awarded the Knight's Cross on 5 December 1943 (nominally for 86 victories) and sent home for officer-training. Returning as a "Leutnant" in January he was back in the Ukraine scoring victories against the inexorable Soviet advance. In March, he was then briefly posted to 3./JG 54 in Estonia for a couple of months. When he returned to 6./JG 54 at the start of May, II./JG 54 was back on the central sector, and the combined 60 fighters of I. and II./JG 54 faced 3500 Soviet aircraft!
When the next Soviet offensive, Operation Bagration, opened at the end of June, its devastating force shattered most of Army Group Centre and forced rapid retreats. Despite inflicting nearly 500 losses on the Soviets, JG 54 was powerless to halt the advance. In August, the "Jagdwaffe" (Luftwaffe fighter force) had a major unit re-organisation. From this 6./JG 54 was renamed 16./JG 54, and transferred to operate as part of IV./JG 54 which was re-equipping near Warsaw at the time. Having recently lost their "Staffelkapitän" (Squadron leader), "Oberleutnant" Sterr was appointed the unit's "Staffelführer" (Flight leader) also in August. His last Eastern Front victory was a Yak-9 fighter, on 12 August.
On 17 September 1944, the Western Allies launched the daring Operation Market Garden to seize the bridges to Arnhem. This forced the urgent transfer of the ill-prepared IV./JG 54 to the west, as the Reich's air units were greatly under-strength and still rebuilding after many were hammered during the Normandy invasion. This was now a different air war - not the low-level dogfighting and pursuits of the Eastern Front, but the high-altitude engagement against the massive American bomber formations, and their hundreds of escort fighters. With such odds stacked against them, it was often just luck if a pilot would survive. In just 3 weeks, IV./JG 54 lost 30 pilots for only 10 victories - and was soon pulled out the line to reform for the second time in a month.
In early November he was formally appointed as the "Staffelkapitän" of 16./JG 54, the unit he had served with for nearly his entire combat career. "Oberleutnant" Heinrich "Bazi" Sterr died on 26 November 1944. Engaging another bomber raid, his Fw 190A8 aircraft "Blue 4" was badly damaged by a pair of USAAF Mustangs. After making a forced landing at Vörden airfield, north of Osnabrück, he was strafed on the ground by the pursuing Mustang as he attempted to flee his wrecked aircraft. He is credited with 130 victories, of which 127 were on the Eastern Front,including 21 Il-2 Sturmovik bombers. Awarded the Knight's Cross, he was also nominated for the Oakleaves, but this was not awarded before the war's end.
Military Offices held.
 

</doc>
<doc id="20911615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911615" title="If You've Got Love">
If You've Got Love

"If You've Got Love" is a song written by Mark D. Sanders and Steve Seskin, and recorded by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery. It was released in September 1994 as the fourth and final single from his album "Kickin' It Up". It peaked at number 1 on the week of December 10, 1994, while it peaked at number 2 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20911734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911734" title="Who Needs You Baby">
Who Needs You Baby

"Who Needs You Baby" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Clay Walker. It was released in September 1995 as the lead-off single to his album "Hypnotize the Moon". It peaked at #2 in both the United States and Canada. The song was written by Walker, Kim Williams and Randy Boudreaux.
Reception.
Larry Flick of "Billboard" gave the song a positive review writing "It boasts a catchy chorus, lots of steel, and Walker's enjoyable delivery. Country radio readily embraces Walker, and this solid effort should give them lots to be happy about."
Music video.
The music video features kids and people at a movie theater watching Clay Walker in an old black and white themed movie titled "The Singing Cowboy". It was directed by Steven T. Miller and R. Brad Murano. The video was film at the Plaza Theatre in Carrollton, Texas and on a ranch near Santa Fe, New Mexico. It peaked at #1 on CMT's Top 12 Countdown (now CMT's Top 20 Countdown) in 1995. The music video also received a "Special Jury Award" at Worldfest Houston in 1996.
Live performances.
Walker performed "Who Needs You Baby" with the 350 member University of Texas marching band at half time of the Utah/Oklahoma University game at the Cotton Bowl on October 14, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20911739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911739" title="Eva Milic">
Eva Milic

Eva Milic (born 27 June 1978) is an Australian journalist.
Milic is currently weekend presenter for "Nine News Queensland".
Career.
Milic completed a Bachelor of Business degree in 2001 after graduating from St Michael's College on the Gold Coast. After graduating she launched herself into the modelling industry where she was crowned Miss World Australia. 
Eva graduated from Griffith University with a Master of Journalism and Mass Communication degree in 2005. She also received awards in academic excellence. It was during her university studies in January 2004 that Milic was offered a freelance position with "Nine Gold Coast News". 
She replaced Natalie Gruzlewski as the program's full-time weather presenter in January 2006. Alongside her weather presenting commitments, Milic was also a reporter for "Nine Gold Coast News". 
In early 2009, Milic replaced Melissa Downes as the weekend presenter of "Nine News Queensland", co-hosting with Andrew Lofthouse. Eva was also a regular fill in presenter for Nine News Brisbane on weeknights filling in for presenter Melissa Downes.
In July 2009, she was replaced as weekend presenter by Heather Foord, who moved back to the newsdesk following the axing of "Extra". Milic moved to presenting the weather on the weekend bulletin until she resigned from the role, being replaced by Paul Burt & Sylvia Jefferies.
In 2011, Eva replaced Heather Foord and is now "Nine News Queensland "weekend presenter". "
She has also been a fill in presenter for Wendy Kingston on "Nine News Now. " 
Apart from Eva's profession as a journalist, she has a keen interest in property and renovating houses in the Brisbane and Gold Coast areas.
Personal life.
Milic is married to Marcus Dore.
She gave birth to a baby called Lucia Kate Dore born in early January 2010 and is currently pregnant with her second child which is due in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20911747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911747" title="Lingam Suryanarayana">
Lingam Suryanarayana

Lingam Suryanarayana MBBS, MS, FACS (Telugu: లింగం సూర్యనారాయణ) is distinguished Surgeon of Andhra Pradesh, India. He was Principal of Andhra and Guntur Medical Colleges and Vice Chancellor of NTR University of Health Sciences.
He was born on 16 May 1923. He completed a M.B.B.S. degree in 1946 and a M.S. degree in General Surgery in 1949 from Andhra Medical College, Visakhapatnam.
He worked as assistant professor of Surgery till 1964. He went for training in higher centres of USA for one year. He was transferred to Guntur Medical College as professor and Head of the department of Surgery. He worked as Hospital superintendent from 1968 to 1974 and Principal of the college in 1974. He was transferred to Visakhapatnam in 1974 as Principal and Head of the Department of Surgery of Andhra Medical College. He was promoted as Additional Director of Medical Education, Hyderabad in 1975 and worked till 1978.
His administrative capabilities took him the post of Pro Vice Chancellor of Andhra Pradesh University of Health Sciences in 1987 and later became Vice Chancellor on 22 February 1988 till 18 April 1994. As Vice chancellor he visited Japan, USA, Canada, Geneva and Bangkok as a WHO participant.
He was chairman of a number of workshops on Medical Education and Health legislation. He published numerous papers including papers on "Social Context of Medical Education, Health Sciences in National productivity and relevance of University of Health Sciences.
He is life member of Indian Medical Association, Association of Surgeons of India and Indian Association for Advancement of Medical Education. He was founder President of Andhra Pradesh Chapter of Association of Surgeons of India. He is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and International College of Surgeons and Honorary Fellow of International Medical Sciences Academy.
He actively contributes to the social service through various organizations. He was Secretary, President and Zonal Chairman of Lions Club of Visakhapatnam and Guntur. He is a strong philanthropist and contributed handsomely for the construction of Guest house for Andhra Medical College Old Students Association at Visakhapatnam.
Dr. Lingam Suryanarayana Trophy was instituted for the winner in the All India Grand Prix open bridge tournament conducted by the Waltair Club at Visakhapatnam.

</doc>
<doc id="20911751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911751" title="Brendon Cameron">
Brendon Cameron

Brendon Cameron (born 12 February 1973) is a former New Zealand track cyclist. He won a bronze medal at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in the men's team pursuit, and followed it up four years later with another bronze medal in the same event at the 1998 Commonwealth Games. He then moved into coaching, most famously coaching partner Sarah Ulmer to a world record and gold medal in the individual pursuit event at the 2004 Athens Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20911754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911754" title="1996 Fiesta Bowl">
1996 Fiesta Bowl

The 1996 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game in which the Nebraska Cornhuskers won the national championship for the 1995 college football season by defeating the Florida Gators, 62-24. Played on January 2, 1996, at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona, the game matched the #1 and #2 ranked teams in the nation, respectively, Nebraska and Florida. The game was part of the 1995-1996 Bowl Alliance.
Pregame hype.
The game was billed as a classic #1 vs. #2 matchup, featuring two completely different but equally potent offenses.
Nebraska, the defending national champion, opened the season by defeating Oklahoma State by a score of 64-21. During the 1995 season, no opponent came within 13 points, including three Top-10 ranked opponents whom the Huskers defeated by a combined score of 134-49. The Huskers averaged more than 53 points per game and 400 yards rushing.
Florida, behind the passing of future Heisman winner Danny Wuerffel, had racked up similarly impressive offensive numbers, though mostly through the air, and had emerged through a brutal Southeastern Conference schedule unbeaten, having throttled rivals Tennessee and Florida State, and whipping Arkansas 34-3 in the SEC championship game. Florida, like Nebraska, had rarely been tested; its closest margin of victory being 11 points.
Oddsmakers had made Nebraska about a 3-point favorite going into the game. However, many experts picked Florida to win, as it was thought that Nebraska's option attack would not succeed very well on Sun Devil Stadium's grass field, and that Wuerffel's passing arm would be too deadly for Nebraska to stop.
First Quarter.
Florida received the opening kickoff and drove to the Nebraska 5, before settling for a 23 yard Edmiston field goal. Aided by good field position, the Huskers countered on their opening series with a 53 yard scoring drive, capped by a 16-yard cross-field throwback pass from Tommie Frazier to Lawrence Phillips. The Gators blocked the Huskers' extra point, and Nebraska led 6-3. Late in the period, Florida went back ahead on a short 1-yard sneak from Wuerffel and led 10-6. As the Gators scored, the CBS announcer stated 'Nebraska better not get too far behind.'
Second Quarter.
The Huskers exploded for 29 points. Phillips began the quarter with a dazzling 42-yard touchdown run that put the Huskers back in front. On the very next possession, Florida took over at its own 22, but was pushed back into the shadow of its own end zone. On second down, the Huskers appeared to have sacked Wuerffel in the end zone for a safety, but officials ruled his forward progress had brought him out to the 1. On the very next play from scrimmage, Jamel Williams blitzed and sacked Wuerffel untouched in the middle of the end zone, forcing the resulting safety that had been denied from the play before, and the score was 15-10. A 1-yard dive from freshman Ahman Green and a Kris Brown field goal made the margin 15 points. Then, cornerback Michael Booker picked off a Wuerffel pass and returned it 42 yards for another Nebraska score, this one making it 32-10. Nebraska quickly forced a punt and added a second Brown field goal to take a decisive 35-10 advantage into the locker room.
Third Quarter.
Florida continued to struggle against Nebraska's aggressive, blitzing defense. On their second possession of the second half, Wuerffel was intercepted by Eric Stokes at the NU 28. The Huskers' first two possessions both ventured deep into Florida territory before turning it over on an interception and on downs. Frazier then broke through the line for a blazing 35-yard touchdown run later in the third, putting the Huskers further in front at 42-10. Florida countered with a 77-yard scoring drive, capped by a 35-yard pass from Wuerffel to Ike Hilliard, and a 2-point conversion made the score 42-18. The Huskers took over possession at their own 20 with less than a minute remaining in the third quarter. What followed was one of the most memorable plays in Nebraska football and Fiesta Bowl history.
The run.
On second down from the NU 25, Nebraska quarterback Tommie Frazier ran an option play to the right, and decided to keep the ball rather than pitch. He gained 11 yards before being met by a group of Florida defenders at the 36-yard line, which he then dragged approximately 10 yards before shrugging them off and breaking free, streaking 75 yards down the sideline to give Nebraska a 49-18 lead. Frazier had broken no less than seven tackles on the play. Frazier would finish the game with 199 yards rushing. Nebraska also set records for most rushing yards in a bowl game, with 524, and the most points in the second quarter of a bowl game, with 29.
Fourth Quarter.
The fourth quarter was something of an anti-climax, with the result having more or less been decided. Nebraska backup quarterback Brook Berringer came in to relieve Frazier and led the Huskers on two more scoring drives, the latter of which he capped himself with a 3-yard scoring run, and the Huskers led 62-18. Reidel Anthony of Florida returned the ensuing kickoff 92 yards to end the scoring.
Florida attempted a two-point conversion, but the quarterback was sacked and appeared to fumble. Nebraska defensive tackle Christian Peter recovered to return it for two points but the play had been blown dead.
Third-string quarterback Matt Turman drove the Huskers to the Florida goal line before taking a knee to run out the clock. Nebraska won 62-24 and claimed a second consecutive national championship. They were the first team to win back-to-back titles since Alabama in 1978-1979. As of 2013, the 1994 and 1995 Nebraska teams remain the only undefeated and untied - as well as the only consensus - back-to-back national champions since Oklahoma in 1955 and 1956.
Epilogue.
The 1995 Nebraska squad has been voted as the greatest college football team of all-time in many surveys, including the all-time Sagarin ratings. An ESPN poll has them at #3, only behind the 1971 Huskers and 1972 USC Trojans.

</doc>
<doc id="20911765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911765" title="Terminating bias circuit">
Terminating bias circuit

Terminating Bias Circuit is power and ground provided together with the data signaling in Controller–area network (CAN) networks in order to provide electrical bias and termination at each end of each bus segment to suppress reflections. 

</doc>
<doc id="20911775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911775" title="Fyodor Druzhinin">
Fyodor Druzhinin

Fyodor Serafimovich Druzhinin, also Fedor, (; April 6, 1932 in Moscow – July 1, 2007) was a Soviet violist, composer and music teacher.
Druzhinin studied viola at the Moscow Central Music School with Nikolai Sokolov (1944–1950) and at the Moscow Conservatory with Vadim Borisovsky (1950–1957). In 1957, he won first place at the All-Union Competition of Musicians in Moscow. He replaced Borisovsky as violist of the Beethoven Quartet in 1964.
From 1980, Druzhinin was the head of the viola department at the Moscow Conservatory. Among his students are many noted violists such as Yuri Bashmet, Yuri Tkanov, Alexander Bobrovsky and Svetlana Stepchenko. 
Druzhinin composed several works for viola. His "Fantasia for Viola and Orchestra" is best known. He worked closely with Dmitri Shostakovich and other composers such as Mieczysław Weinberg (Moisei Samuilovich Vainberg), Alfred Schnittke, Andrei Volkonsky, Roman Ledenyov. Shostakovich wrote his last composition for Druzhinin, the "Sonata for Viola and Piano", Op.147 (1975). Other dedications include "Concerto-Poem" (1963–1964) for viola and orchestra by Ledenyov, "Viola Sonata" (1971) and "Viola Concerto" (1972) by Grigory Frid, and Weinberg's "Sonata No.1" (1971) for unaccompanied viola.
Druzhinin was a 1988 recipient of the People's Artist of Russia award. In 2001, he published his memoirs: "Воспоминания. Страницы жизни и творчества" ("Memoirs. Pages of Life and Work"). The book relates countless memories of Shostakovich, Schnittke, Igor Stravinsky, Maria Yudina, Anna Akhmatova and colleagues of the Beethoven Quartet, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20911779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911779" title="Gynaecologic cytology">
Gynaecologic cytology

Gynaecologic cytology, also gynaecologic cytopathology, is a field of pathology concerned with the investigation of disorders of the female genital tract. 
The most common investigation in this field is the Pap test, which is used to screen for potentially precancerous lesions of the cervix. Cytology can also be used to investigate disorders of the ovaries, uterus, vagina and vulva.

</doc>
<doc id="20911788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911788" title="1970 Miami Dolphins season">
1970 Miami Dolphins season

The 1970 Miami Dolphins season was the team's fifth, and first in the National Football League. 1970 marked the team's first winning season, and their first playoff appearance. The 1970 was also the first season under head coach Don Shula.

</doc>
<doc id="20911819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911819" title="So True (The Black Seeds song)">
So True (The Black Seeds song)

So True is the first single released by New Zealand Reggae band, The Black Seeds in 2005. It debuted in the New Zealand singles charts at #32 and stayed in the charts for nine weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20911829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911829" title="University of Houston College of Pharmacy">
University of Houston College of Pharmacy

The University of Houston College of Pharmacy is a pharmacy school and also one of twelve academic colleges at the University of Houston. It offers a professional program leading to a Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D) degree. In addition, the school also offer a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree as well as a joint Pharm.D/Ph.D. and a Master of Science in Pharmacy Administration. The college was established on October 16, 1946 and opened in 1947 with an enrollment of 144. 
The College of Pharmacy has teaching and research facilities on site at the University of Houston campus and in the Texas Medical Center. In 1981, the pharmacy building at the Texas Medical Center was completed.

</doc>
<doc id="20911830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911830" title="Master &quot;K&quot;">
Master &quot;K&quot;

Master “K” is a North American educator, author and authority on the art and history of shibari/kinbaku (Japanese erotic bondage). He began his studies in Japan in the early 1970s and has spent over thirty years researching and translating original materials concerning this centuries old art form. He is the author of two books on this subject, the most recent being 2008's "The Beauty of Kinbaku". In this work Master "K" presents for the first time in English a serious, scholarly and in depth look into this legendary erotic art form. Utilizing many rare historical documents, he convincingly shows how shibari/kinbaku evolved from a mix of various Japanese cultural activities including societal customs, religion, Kabuki theatre, Ukiyo-e woodblock prints, Japanese martial arts and 18th century judicial practices. 
This book was recently added to the holdings of Fuuzoku Shiryoukan Tokyo, Japan (the most famous library devoted to sadomasochism in the world) because of, according to Head Librarian Rutsu Nakahara, its "remarkable scholarship, grasp of kinbaku history and beautiful and artistic photographs." Master "K" and his writings have also been praised by three other legenday Japanese kinbaku authorities. Yukimura Haruki (producer and rope master) called his most recent book, "Wonderful ... a most impressive job of researching and writing...(Master "K") knows the entire history and development of Japanese kinbaku." Arisue Go (noted author and rope master for the mainstream feature film "Flower and Snake") said, "Master "K" is the most notable and expert overseas kinbaku researcher. He has touched upon the very essence of Japan's culture in his excellent work ..." And Nureki Chimuo, at 80 generally regarded as the greatest living rope master, said “I have never before seen a volume that expresses both such love for rope and such an understanding of the fetishism of the female body.” Nureki also invited Master “K” to a private photo shoot and Kinbaku demonstration in Tokyo and wrote about their encounter in his well-known Internet blog. [http://pl-fs.kir.jp/nureki/sibai/141/index.htm [http://pl-fs.kir.jp/nureki/sibai/142/index.htm]
In October of 2013 "The Beauty of Kinbaku" was translated into Japanese and published by the academic publisher Suriensha in Tokyo, Japan. This Japanese language edition proved so popular that it went into a second printing in only a few weeks. 
Master "K"'s writings and carefully composed and often colorful photographs are full of the mood, mystery and dramatic emotion to be found in the intense ballet of shibari and erotic SM play. They aspire to the best traditions of "kinbaku-bi" (the beauty of traditional shibari art). He currently resides in Los Angeles, CA where he teaches and lectures on his specialty.
Published works.
Books:
Articles:
Since 1999 Master “K”’s work has appeared internationally in various magazines, galleries and on web pages dedicated to the art of shibari/kinbaku. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="20911851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911851" title="Only on Days That End in &quot;Y&quot;">
Only on Days That End in &quot;Y&quot;

"Only on Days That End in 'Y'" is a song written by Richard Fagan, and recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker. It was released May 27, 1996 as the third single from his album "Hypnotize the Moon". It peaked at number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart, and also reached number 7 in Canada.
Content.
The narrator is telling his lover that he only misses her on days that end in "Y". He also says he only misses her when he's awake, when he's sleeping, when he's alone, or when he's with somebody. It would mean that he actually misses her every day and every time.
Reception.
Larry Flick of "Billboard" gave the song a positive review: "The song's theme is somewhat well worn in country music, but the track revisits the lost-love scenario with a cleverly penned lyric and a dancefloor beat."
Mike Joyce of "The Washington Post" in his review of Hypnotize the Moon wrote, "Walker also gets a big assist from other songwriters, particularly Richard Fagan, who contributes the clever and spirited heartbreaker, 'Only on Days That End in `Y.'" Editors at "USA Today" wrote, "Only on Days That End in "Y" is one of those ideas that isn't clever enough to carry a whole song."
Chart positions.
"Only on Days That End in "Y"" debuted at number 56 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 25, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20911861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911861" title="Central Bangka Regency">
Central Bangka Regency

 
Central Bangka Regency is a regency ("kabupaten") of Bangka-Belitung Province, Indonesia. Koba is its regency seat.
Administration.
The Regency is divided into six districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:

</doc>
<doc id="20911863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911863" title="Belitung Regency">
Belitung Regency

Belitung Regency is a regency ("kabupaten") of Bangka-Belitung Province, Indonesia, with Tanjung Pandan as its capital. It formerly covered the whole of Belitung island, but subsequently the eastern districts on the island have been cut out to create a new East Belitung Regency ("Belitung Timur").
Administration.
The Regency is divided into five districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:

</doc>
<doc id="20911867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911867" title="Freak In">
Freak In

Freak In is the 20th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the RCA Bluebird label in 2003 and features performances by Douglas, Jamie Saft, Marc Ribot, Karsh Kale, Joey Baron, Romero Lubambo, Brad Jones, Ikue Mori, Seamus Blake, Chris Speed, Craig Taborn, Michael Sarin, with Stephanie Stone contributing vocals on one track.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Dave Lynch awarded the album 4 stars stating "As both player and sole composer, Douglas stands as the unifying force, free to approach the full possibilities of each tune individually, but not at the expense of the overall album's coherence. Quite literally crackling with energy and dense with ideas from the first to the hidden 12th track, "Freak In" is one of the strongest CDs of his extraordinary career". 

</doc>
<doc id="20911870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911870" title="East Belitung Regency">
East Belitung Regency

 
East Belitung Regency ("Belitung Timur") is a regency ("kabupaten") of Bangka-Belitung Province, Indonesia. Its capital is Manggar.
Administration.
The Regency is divided into seven districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:

</doc>
<doc id="20911881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911881" title="Fujinagata Shipyards">
Fujinagata Shipyards

History.
Fujinagata claimed to have been founded in 1689, making it one of the oldest shipbuilders in Japan. Originally called Hyōgo-ya, and located in central Osaka, it was contracted in 1854 by officials representing the Tokugawa shogunate to produce sail warships for the new Tokugawa feudal navy. In 1869, with the assistance of German engineers, the western-style warships were designed and produced. 
After the Meiji Restoration, the shipyards concentrated on civilian applications, and in 1870 launched its first western-style commercial steam vessel. This was a first for a privately held shipbuilder in Japan. 
In 1874, the shipyards were relocated to Nishi-ku, Osaka and the company name officially changed to Fujinagata Shipyards. In 1884, the main shipyards was relocated to Taisho-ku, Osaka.
In 1900, Fujinagata completed its first all-metal construction merchant vessel; the No.2 "Nagata Maru". In 1917, new shipyards in Sumiyoshi-ku, Osaka were opened. Fujinagata became was designated an official naval repair facility in 1919. 
On May 31, 1921, the Momi class destroyer "Fuji" was launched, marking the first of 56 destroyers that Fujinagata would eventually build for the Imperial Japanese Navy.
With new naval contracts, Fujinagata moved its head office into new facilities and expanded its capability rapidly. However, it expanded too quickly and soon fell into financial difficulties causing its shipbuilding business to come under the accounting supervision of the Ministry of the Navy of Japan in December 1928. However, Fujinagata was able to weather the turmoil of the Great Depression without significant difficulty.
In 1940, along with most businesses of strategic importance to the Japanese war effort, Fujinagata was nationalized under the Navy Ministry. In December 1944, Fujinagata had 16,508 employees. It is estimated that perhaps half of the employees at that time were ethnic Koreans, and at least 150 were Australian prisoners of war, who were supplying forced labor in violation of the Geneva Conventions.
In June 1945, Fujinagata's main shipyards were destroyed during large-scale air raids towards the end of World War II.
After World War II, Fujinagata was restored to private ownership and recovered by building fishing vessels, merchant vessels and tankers. In 1962, it completed its first LNG carrier. In October 1967, the company was purchased by Mitsui Shipbuilding and Engineering, thus ending its long history as the oldest independent shipbuilder in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20911898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911898" title="Chris Austin">
Chris Austin

Chris Austin (born February 24, 1964 in Boone, North Carolina – March 16, 1991 in San Diego, California) was a male country music singer. Austin was signed to Warner Bros. Records in 1988 and charted three singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. His highest-charting single, "Blues Stay Away from Me," was included on the 1989 compilation album "New Tradition Sings the Old Tradition". Austin also co-wrote Ricky Skaggs' 1991 single "Same Ol' Love."
Austin was most known for playing guitar and fiddle for Ricky Skaggs's and Reba McEntire's road bands. Austin toured with McEntire until an airplane carrying Austin, six other members of McEntire's band, her road manager crashed into a nearby mountain after taking off from an airport in San Diego, California, killing all on board.

</doc>
<doc id="20911919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911919" title="Bering Sea Volcanic Province">
Bering Sea Volcanic Province

The Bering Sea Volcanic Province, also called the Bering Sea Basalt Province, is a group of volcanic fields in western Alaska, United States.
List:

</doc>
<doc id="20911921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911921" title="David Phillips (gymnast)">
David Phillips (gymnast)

David Brad Phillips (born 28 October 1977) is a former New Zealand gymnast. He won a bronze medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in the men's floor exercise. 
He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in several events.

</doc>
<doc id="20911974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911974" title="University of San Carlos Museum">
University of San Carlos Museum

The University of San Carlos Museum is the history museum of the University of San Carlos, located in Cebu City, the Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="20911988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20911988" title="Anavryta Experimental Gymnasium">
Anavryta Experimental Gymnasium

The Anavryta Experimental Gymnasium (), also simply referred to as Anavryta is an experimental, co-educational, public gymnasium located in the area of Maroussi in Athens, Greece. It is in the same complex as the Anavryta Experimental Lyceum.

</doc>
<doc id="20912003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912003" title="Provincial heritage site (South Africa)">
Provincial heritage site (South Africa)

Provincial heritage sites in South Africa are places that that are of historic or cultural importance within the context of the province concerned and which are for this reason declared in terms of Section 27 of the National Heritage Resources Act (NHRA) or legislation of the applicable province. The designation was a new one that came into effect with the introduction of the Act on 1 April 2000 when all former national monuments declared by the former National Monuments Council and its predecessors became provincial heritage sites as provided for in Section 58 of the Act.
Both provincial and national heritage sites are protected under the terms of Section 27 of the NHRA or legislation of the relevant province and a permit is required to work on them. Provincial heritage sites are declared and amdinistered by the relevant provincial heritage resources authority whilst national heritage sites are the responsibility of SAHRA.
KwaZulu-Natal is the only province to have its own heritage legislation and provincial heritage sites are known as either as 'heritage landmarks' or 'provincial landmarks' depending upon whether they are privately or government owned.
Most provincial heritage sites are still marked with old national monuments badge, but provincial heritage resources authorities in KwaZuluNatal, the Northern Cape and Western Cape have developed their own badges.
External links.
Provincial Heritage Resources Authorities: 

</doc>
<doc id="20912006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912006" title="John Humphrey Davidson">
John Humphrey Davidson

Major General Sir John Humphrey 'Tavish' Davidson KCMG, DSO, CB (24 July 1876 – 11 December 1954) was a British army officer and Member of Parliament. He was born in Mauritius to George Walter Davidson, a merchant, and his wife Johanna, and some time before 1890 they moved back to England. From 1890 Davidson was educated at Harrow School, then at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, after he left Harrow in 1893. He graduated in 1896 and joined the 1st Battalion the King's Royal Rifle Corps. By 1899 the Corps had been transferred to Cape Colony, and they were directly involved in the Second Boer War. With his Regiment he took part in the Battle of Talana Hill and the Battle of Ladysmith before he was attached to a local cavalry unit with the objective of disrupting Boer commando units. By 1902 he had been promoted to Captain and made a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order.
After the end of the Boer War he was engaged in Imperial garrison service at Malta and Crete before being accepted into the Staff College, Camberley in 1905. After graduation he served in a variety of positions as staff officers, including as director of training at the War Office from 1908 to 1910 followed by two years as a staff major with the 5th Infantry Brigade. In 1912 he was transferred back to the Staff College, this time as an instructor. After the outbreak of the First World War, Davidson joined the III Corps as a staff officer and participated in the First Battle of the Marne, First Battle of the Aisne and the First Battle of Ypres. After the formation of the First Army in 1915 he became the operations officer for Douglas Haig, the Army commander. As operations officer Davidson was the principal organiser of the Battle of Neuve Chapelle, Battle of Loos and the Second Battle of Artois. After Haig became Commander-in-Chief of the British Expeditionary Force on the Western Front Davidson's star was in the ascendant as a part of Haig's inner circle and he was appointed to the post Director of Military Operations at General Headquarters, one of the key posts controlling activities on the Western Front in WWI. In 1916 he was made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor, in 1917 he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath. During the planning of the initial attack at Third Ypres, he urged more limited advances with regard to tactical objectives so as to increase the concentration of British artillery fire and leave the British attacking forces less vulnerable to German counter-attack, but his advice was not followed.
Ahead of the German Michael Offensive Davidson advised Gough (GOC Fifth Army) that he could overcome his lack of men by “skilful handling of rearguards”. Gough was irritated by this.
On 6 April 1918, with the German Georgette Offensive imminent, he was sent on a mission to Beauvais to attempt to persuade Foch to take over British line up as far as the Somme, to send French reserves behind British line at Vimy Ridge, or to conduct a major French offensive. (Foch, concerned at the risk of a German attack in the French sector, refused, although he did offer to participate in a joint Anglo-French offensive near Amiens). 
Ahead of the Bluecher Offensive, Haig later claimed that he and Davidson had repeatedly warned of the dangers of a German attack along the Chemin des Dames, but that their warnings were brushed aside by Foch, Weygand and de Barescut. No evidence had been found to substantiate this claim. 
In 1919 Davidson was appointed and knighted a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George. He left the army in 1922, and immediately stood for Parliament as a Conservative. He was returned for Fareham, and took an active role in the House of Commons army committee. He resigned in 1931 by appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds to concentrate on his business interests, including a seat on the Vickers-Armstrongs board and a position as chairman of the Bank of Australia between 1937 and 1945. In the early 1950s he published "Master of the Field", a defence of Douglas Haig's generalship in 1917 and 1918. He died in Daviot on 11 December 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20912035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912035" title="Jazib Qureshi">
Jazib Qureshi

Jazib Qureshi () (born August 3, 1940) is a prominent Urdu poet, writer and critic from Pakistan. He has written many poetry books and works of criticism.
Biography.
Back ground.
Qureshi was born on August 3, 1940 in Luchnow, India, where he spent his childhood. When he was six, his father died. As a result he could not study further and worked hard for his living. He migrated with his family to Lahore, Pakistan, in 1950. He gained work in the press. He recommenced his studies and began writing poetry, attending literary gatherings and reading his poetry. His first literary gathering was in the Shahi Qila, chaired by famous poet Ehsan Danish.
Qureshi was helped to write poetry by Shakir Dehlavi, who belonged to Dagh Dehlavi school of thought. Qureshi moved to Karachi in 1962, he worked in different magazines and newspapers. He qualified for master degree from University of Karachi. Later he became a teacher in a college. He also made a feature film, "Pathar Kay Sanam", but it failed to gain a public response and experienced a financial loss.
Literary career.
Qureshi has written many books. His first work of literary criticism was published in 1982, and he also published poetry and prose books. He is an admiredable poet at the literary gatherings.
As a poet and writer he has visited 35 cities across the United States, and he has also visited Bahrain, Qatar, Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi several times.

</doc>
<doc id="20912045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912045" title="Alessandro Morace">
Alessandro Morace

Alessandro Morace is an Italian child actor.
He received a Best Actor award at the 2006 Flaiano Film Festival for the role of Tommaso (Tommi) Benetti in Kim Rossi Stuart’s film "Anche libero va bene" ("Along the Ridge"). In 2007 he played Fulvio Frisone in the TV film "Il Figlio della luna".
Musical Career.
Since the autumn of 2012 he plays the banjo and the guitar in a folk rock band, "Old River Folks". In 2013 they released their first EP "Flower of Sighs". 

</doc>
<doc id="20912054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912054" title="1943 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1943 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1943 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1943 college football season. The Irish, coached by Frank Leahy, ended the season with 9 wins and 1 loss, winning the national championship. The 1943 team became the fourth Irish team to win the national title and the first for Frank Leahy. Led by Notre Dame's first Heisman Trophy winner, Angelo Bertelli, Notre Dame beat seven teams ranked in the top 13 and played seven of its ten games on the road. Despite a season ending loss to Great Lakes, Notre Dame was awarded its first national title by the Associated Press.
Post-season.
All-Americans:
College Football Hall of Fame Inductees:

</doc>
<doc id="20912071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912071" title="Lester Persky">
Lester Persky

Lester Persky (July 6, 1925 – December 16, 2001) was an American film, television, and theatre producer.
Early life and career.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Persky attended Brooklyn College before serving in the Merchant Navy during World War II. After the war, he worked at "The New York Times" and later as a copywriter at an advertising agency. Persky later opened his own successful ad agency.
In 1964, Andy Warhol used some of Persky's collection of old TV ads as part of Warhol's film "Soap Opera" (1964).
As a producer, Persky won a Primetime Emmy Award for his work on the miniseries "A Woman Named Jackie". Persky also attempted to produce a miniseries based on the life of Howard Hughes with Terry Moore serving as a consultant.
Death.
On December 16, 2001, Persky died of complications following heart surgery in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20912091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912091" title="John Tinné">
John Tinné

John Abraham Tinné (1877-1933) was a British politician. He was elected as a Conservative Member of Parliament at the 1924 general election, representing Liverpool Wavertree. He resigned in 1931 through appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds.

</doc>
<doc id="20912103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912103" title="Monocytopoiesis">
Monocytopoiesis

Monocytopoiesis is the process which leads to the production of monocytes (and, subsequently, macrophages).
It can be induced by macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
It is a component of myelopoiesis.

</doc>
<doc id="20912106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912106" title="Proof of funds">
Proof of funds

A proof of funds is a statement by a bank or financial institution that a depositor has a certain amount on deposit.
Leased proof of funds.
A proof of funds is sometimes a 'leased' Proof of Funds, whereby a client pays a fee for monies to be deposited into their personal or business bank account, and the money is 'blocked' by the bank, thereby allowing the client to show money in their account, but that client is not permitted to withdraw the money deposited by the investor.
The terms "standby letter of credit" and "blocked funds letter" are also used.
This is a form of deception and may constitute fraud.
Fraud vehicle.
Leased proof of funds letters have been associated with real estate fraud. The Wall Street Journal reported that "the U.S. Attorney's office in Brooklyn said persons who were looking to temporarily lease funds in order to enhance their creditworthiness when applying for loans were instead provided with false proof-of-funds letters on bank stationary showing the funds had been deposited in their accounts."
The FBI advises criminal investigators that
"investment programs in which a financial institution is asked to write a letter, commonly referred to as a "blocked funds letter," advising that funds are available in the account, that they are "clean and of noncriminal origin" and are free of "liens or encumbrances" for a certain time frame are used frequently to perpetrate fraud schemes. These letters have no use within legitimate banking circles."

</doc>
<doc id="20912113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912113" title="Metropolitan Museum of Manila">
Metropolitan Museum of Manila

The Metropolitan Museum of Manila (nicknamed the Met) is a museum located within the complex of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas along Roxas Boulevard in Manila, the Philippines. It bills itself as the Philippines' premier museum of modern and contemporary visual arts.
The Bangko Sentral's collection of art and historical artifacts form the bulk of the Metropolitan Museum of Manila's collections, having donated the museum's five permanent exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20912117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912117" title="Yes FM">
Yes FM

Yes FM (100.8, 101.0 F.M.) is an English radio station in Sri Lanka. Yes FM plays principally Contemporary Hit Radio.
Yes FM commenced broadcasting on December 10, 1993 at 6.00 am. It is one of the radio channels owned by The Capital Maharaja Organization Ltd, a leading conglomerate in Sri Lanka. The main target audience age groups are Teens and Young Adults. Its broadcast ranges from Contemporary hit music to breaking news.
The station is known for organizing live gigs which feature artists from outside Sri Lanka. Previous performers include Inner Circle, Vengaboys, DJ BoBo, Michael Learns To Rock, Air Supply, Michael Bolton, UB40, Ali Campbell and Kid Massive.
Presenters and Shows.
Yes FM's DJs are some of the most popular in Sri Lanka. Since its inception the station has played host to a number of International DJ's.

</doc>
<doc id="20912119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912119" title="Museo Pambata">
Museo Pambata

The Museo Pambata ("Children's Museum" or "Museum for Children") is a children's museum in the Ermita district of Manila, on Luzon in the Philippines. 
The children's museum was founded by Estefania Aldaba-Lim.
Museo Pambata is located in the former Manila Elks Club building, built in 1911, along Roxas Boulevard at the corner of Katigbak Drive. 

</doc>
<doc id="20912143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912143" title="Carte de Séjour">
Carte de Séjour

Carte de Séjour was a French rock band. The group was founded in 1980 by Rachid Taha (vocals), Djamel Dif (drums), Mokhtar Amini (bass guitar), Mohamed Amini (guitar) and Éric Vaquer (guitar).
Jérôme Savy ex-Arsenic joined some time later replacing Éric Vaquer. The band's producer was Bernard Meyet on the Mosquito record label. "Carte de Séjour" gained prominence in France particularly with the French-Algerian community with their song "Douce France" from Charles Trenet. The band split in 1990.
History.
After a number of television appearances, the band released their first self-title "Carte de séjour". Soon guitarist Éric Vaquer quit and was replaced by Jérôme Savy, a guitarist from the French band Arsenic. Eventually Djamel Dif also quit without being replaced after disagreements particularly with Rachid Taha.
After a major concert at the "Palais des sports" and performance at "Place de la Bastille" during the "Marche des beurs", the band gained national reputation across France. The song that became a turning point for establishing their fame was their rendition of "Douce France" from Charles Trenet, as it played an important role in raising societal questions about the status of the Beurs, descendants of immigrants of North African origin living in France and the struggle against mounting right-wing and racist policies of "Front national" in France.
The group included in its repertoire rock, punk rock as well as traditional Arab music and gnawa music.
The group split in 1990. Rachid Taha went for a solo career and is considered one of the major singers of raï.

</doc>
<doc id="20912153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912153" title="Museum of Philippine Political History">
Museum of Philippine Political History

The Museum of Philippine Political History opened to the public in 2001 and aims to foster awareness for the country's different government systems which defined its political history, enabling an understanding of current political developments and encouraging action to safeguard republican values. 
MPPH is one of the 22 shrines and museums supervised by the National Historical Commission of the Philippines. The museum is located at the grounds of NHCP building in Kalaw, Ermita St., City of Manila. MPPH is open to the public from Tuesday to Sunday, 8:30 A.M to 4:30 PM, no admission fee.

</doc>
<doc id="20912159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912159" title="Lawrence G. Paull">
Lawrence G. Paull

Lawrence G. Paull (born 1938) is an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Blade Runner".

</doc>
<doc id="20912166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912166" title="魁">
魁


</doc>
<doc id="20912186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912186" title="Rétalap">
Rétalap

Rétalap is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron County, Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20912187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912187" title="Cape Police Memorial">
Cape Police Memorial

The Cape Police Memorial is a South African national heritage site located in Kimberley in the Northern Cape province. It commemorates the losses of the unit during the Anglo-Boer War.
In 1994, it was described in the Government Gazette as
It features a Boer gun captured during a skirmish in the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20912196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912196" title="Radisson SAS Hotel, Dubai Creek">
Radisson SAS Hotel, Dubai Creek

Hilton Dubai Creek is a hotel in the area of Dubai Creek in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel offers 150 rooms and suites,with fabulous views of Dubai's legendary creek from their balconies. It is also home to one of the most famed seafood restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="20912197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912197" title="Lexton, Victoria">
Lexton, Victoria

Lexton is a town in western Victoria, Australia, in the Shire of Pyrenees local government area. It is on the Sunraysia Highway, north west of the state capital Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Lexton and the surrounding area had a population of 149.
The Post Office opened in the area on 1 July 1848 as Burn Bank and was renamed to Lexton in 1854 when the township was settled.
Today.
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Maryborough Castlemaine District Football League. 
Golfers play at the course of the Lexton Golf Club at the Recreation Reserve.
Notable people.
Darren Jolly - Collingwood football player

</doc>
<doc id="20912217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912217" title="PGM-1-class motor gunboat">
PGM-1-class motor gunboat

The "PGM-1" class motor gunboats were a class of eight gunboats converted for the United States Navy from 1943-1944 and were succeeded by the "PGM-9" class motor gunboat. All eight "PGM-1"s were converted from "SC-497" class submarine chasers. The "PGM-1"s were created to support PT boats in the Pacific, but were too slow to keep up. The "PGM-1" was discontinued and the "PGM-9", also too slow, was shifted to support minesweeping ships instead.
"PGM-7" was the only "PGM-1" lost in World War II. The others were sent to the Foreign Liquidation Commission in 1947. Their exact fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20912238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912238" title="Lamhi">
Lamhi

Lamhi or Lamahi is a village near the holy city of Varanasi in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The renowned Hindu and Urdu writer Munshi Premchand was born in this village in 1880. 
References.
Lamhi Bishunpur is a small village in Devkali Tehsil in Ghazipur District in Uttar Pradesh State. Devkali, Manihari, Virno, Ghazipur, are the nearby towns to Lamhi Bishunpur. Lamhi Bishunpur is reachable by Saheri RailWay Station, Ankuspur RailWay Station, Nandganj RailWay Station, Ghazipur City RailWay Station. Its main Village Panchayat is Lamhi Bishunpur Panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20912242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912242" title="First Reserve Brigade (South Africa)">
First Reserve Brigade (South Africa)

During the first two years of the World War II, South Africa raised a variety of military units. In order to cope with protection of vulnerable points and guarding prisoners of war, the First Reserve Brigade was formed on 29 February 1940 initially with six battalions but later expanded to twelve battalions before being broken up at the end of 1943.
Formation and function.
The First Reserve Brigade was a South African second-line military unit raised in 1940, with brigade headquarters in Johannesburg under Colonel T Scott, who died in August 1941. He was succeeded by Colonel BC Judd OBE. The brigade drafted men of 'B' and 'C' Medical Categories primarily for guard duties at aerodromes. Ex-servicemen and others above the age of 35 but under 60 were accepted, and the brigade was run on a normal Active Citizen Force basis or fulI-time, as authorised. Detachments of the 1st Special Service Reserve Battalion were absorbed as fulI-time companies or platoons. On 11 July 1940 the SA Internment Battalion was absorbed and redesignated 6th Battalion, 1st Reserve Brigade, with Lt-Col Whelehen as battalion commander. Its primary responsibility was the security of internment camps at Baviaanspoort, which had 150 guards.
The brigade was organised with the 1st Battalion (the former 1st Special Service Reserve Battalion) in the Transvaal, with headquarters at Roberts Heights the 2nd Battalion in the Western Cape Province with its headquarters in Cape Town, the 3rd (Durban) in Natal, the 4th (Johannesburg) on the Witwatersrand and in the Orange Free State and the 5th (East London) in the Eastern Cape Province. Later battalions were the 7th, in the Kimberley district and the Orange Free State, and the 8th, on a basis similar to that of the 6th.
By 1942, after 2,800 men out of a total of 6,061 had been reclassified and transferred to other units, the brigade organisation was dissolved.
The following year four more battalions were formed, some serving in North Africa, while the 1st, 4th, 5th and 8th Battalions were broken up.
Battalion commanders up to 1943 were:
Colonel HF Prinsloo.
As a twelve-year-old boy Hendrik Frederik Prinsloo was interned by the British concentration camp during the Anglo-Boer War but served alongside the British in the South African forces during the two World Wars. He is best remembered for the humanitarian manner in which he, as Commandant, ran the Zonderwater Italian POW camp.
In addition to being made an Officer of the Military Division of the Order of the British Empire on 14 June 1945, his efforts were recognized by the post-war Italian Government on 25 November 1949 when he, as the Camp Commandant, and three of his officers were invested with the "Order of the Star of Italy" "(Stella della Solidarieta)". The award was made to those who had specially contributed to the re-building of post-war Italy. Prinsloo was further recognized by the award of the "Order of Good Merit" "(Ordine di Bene Merente)" by the Pope.
Disbanding.
At the end of the war the need for the battalions fell away and they were disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="20912248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912248" title="Moorddrift Monument">
Moorddrift Monument

The Moorddrift Monument (lit. Murder Ford Monument) is a provincial heritage site in Potgietersrus in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
In 1993 it was described in the Government Gazette as

</doc>
<doc id="20912270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912270" title="Dutch Corps Monument">
Dutch Corps Monument

The Dutch Corps Monument is a provincial heritage site in Kliprivier in the KwaZulu-Natal district of South Africa.
In 1982, it was described in the Government Gazette as 

</doc>
<doc id="20912279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912279" title="Ländches Railway">
Ländches Railway

The Ländches Railway () is a single non-electrified branch railway line between Wiesbaden and Niedernhausen, Germany. The long line was opened in July 1879 by the Hessian Ludwig Railway. It is now Deutsche Bahn Route 627 and Route 21 of the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund.
Route.
The route originally began at the Ludwig Station ("Ludwigsbahnhof") on Rheinstrasse in Wiesbaden, near the Taunus Station. In 1906, this station (as well as the Taunus Station) were replaced with the current Wiesbaden Central Station ("Hauptbahnhof"). The route now begins on the west side of the Central Station and crosses, in the vicinity of the "Hammermühle", the tracks to and from Wiesbaden-East and Wiesbaden-Biebrich. Originally, a freight line from Wiesbaden-East paralled the Ländchesbahn from this overpass to the Wiesbaden Army Airfield in Erbenheim, so that the two-way tracks were side by side on the same embankment, almost to the Erbenheim passenger station. In 2002 the freight route was closed and the section from the Wiesbaden Central Station to shortly before Erbenheim was used for the Cologne–Frankfurt high-speed rail line. This section, covering relatively flat terrain in the Wäschbach valley, is now double-tracked and electrified.
From Wiesbaden-Erbenheim, the route goes through the "Ländchen", from which it takes its name. The elevation rises steadily to the north. North of the Wiesbaden-Auringen/Medenbach station, the line passes underneath the Cologne–Frankfurt HSL and then enters the long "Grauer-Stein" Tunnel beneath Bundesautobahn 3 and Bundesstraße 455. This tunnel is at a high point of the Taunus and marks the highest elevation of the line. The elevation drops towards Niedernhausen, the endpoint of the original line. In Niedernhausen, the Ländchesbahn merges between the tracks of the Main-Lahn railway, allowing the trains to change between the routes without difficulty.
Operations.
The relatively short route is used primarily by commuter traffic and is therefore serviced by multiple unit, or MU, trainsets (i.e. self-propelled carriages). After World War II, these MUs have been mainly Series ETA-176 battery-powered railcars based in Limburg. In principle, all trains stopped at every station along the route. Only express traffic from Limburg to Wiesbaden travelled non-stop between Niedernhausen and Wiesbaden. During low traffic, single-railcar trips on the Ländchesbahn are extended from Niedernhausen to Limburg. With the introduction of clock schedules (trains scheduled at the same times every hour) on the Main-Lahn railway, the connecting traffic on the Ländchesbahn was also systematized.
In the 1970s, an MU pair travelled a route from Au on the Sieg (in Windeck) to Mainz on the Ländchesbahn, connecting the Westerwald with the capital cities of Wiesbaden and Mainz. In the 1990s, an additional stop was set up
at the Rhine-Main Theater between Auringen-Medenbach and Niedernhausen. However, since the musical establishment no longer operates, this stop has been discontinued. For a time, direct theater-trains operated from Frankfurt Central Station ("Hauptbahnhof") via Niedernhausen to the Rhine-Main Theater.
Since 2004, the traffic on the Ländchesbahn has been exclusively LINT railcars, operated by the Vectus company of Limburg an der Lahn. Since the founding of the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (RMV), the distance has been integrated into the RMV uniform tariff.
Grauer Stein tunnel reconstruction.
As constructed in 1878, the Grauer Stein tunnel was long with a maximum roof cover of . Originally designed as a double-track tunnel, only one track traversed the tunnel from the very beginning. 
By 1998, the structure had become severely damaged by decades of dynamic stress from the overhead road traffic and by the chemical effects of seepage water and highway salt. The tunnel was therefore completely renovated from 1998 to 2000. The large size of the tunnel cross-section, and the fact that the single-track use was planned to continue in the future, made it possible to construct a new reinforced-concrete inner tube inside the old sandstone arch. The New Austrian Tunnelling method (NATM) was used. To be able to keep the tunnel open to workday railroad traffic, the repairs had to be performed during operational breaks at night and on weekends. To do this, the floor and arch were constructed in sections.
Criticism.
Although the Ländchesbahn connects the Hessian state capital with important suburbs, traffic on it has remained below expectations. Critics attribute this to three main causes:
1. The route is not laid out efficiently. First, it is not straight, but runs in a wide arc. It leaves Wiesbaden Central Station toward the south even though the destination, Niedernhausen, is located to the northeast. Secondly, it does not connect to major sources and destinations of commuter traffic. For example, Wiesbaden Central Station is south of the city centre, the station in the borough of Medenbach lies in the far north of the town, and the important administrative centre of Bierstadt is by-passed entirely.
2. The route is only in operation in the evening until 8:30 p.m. This means that visitors to events in central Wiesbaden and Mainz must take time-consuming detours via Frankfurt or use buses of the ESWE (Wiesbaden's public transit system) instead.
3. All stations and stops along the route are also located on ESWE bus routes that offer frequent direct connections to and from downtown Wiesbaden. Although the travel time to the centre by bus is longer than by train, many commuters prefer the bus service.
Future.
The introduction of a regional rail system in Wiesbaden (after the Karlsruhe model) has been discussed, which would include the Ländchesbahn. Those plans were at an advanced stage, but have been frozen after a change of political majorities. It would still be some time at any rate until any changes would be made.
References.
This article incorporates text translated from the corresponding German Wikipedia article as of 2009-01-04.

</doc>
<doc id="20912294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912294" title="Rodger Maus">
Rodger Maus

Rodger Maus is an American art director and production designer. He was the art director for 103 episodes (1973–1978) of the 251 episode television series M*A*S*H.
He shared an Emmy award in 1995 for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Art Direction for a Miniseries or a Special for episode 1 of the 1994 miniseries Scarlett. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Victor Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="20912303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912303" title="Simon of Vermandois">
Simon of Vermandois

Simon of Vermandois (1093–1148) was a French nobleman and bishop.
He was a son of Hugh I of Vermandois. Elected bishop of Noyon in 1123, he was excommunicated in 1142 by Pope Innocent II, for divorcing his brother Raoul I, Count of Vermandois from Eléonore of Blois. He subsequently went on the Second Crusade with Louis VII of France, dying on the return journey in Seleucia.
He was buried at Ourscamp Abbey, which he had founded in 1129, inviting monks from Clairvaux Abbey under Waleran de Baudemont.

</doc>
<doc id="20912312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912312" title="Tim Hutchinson (production designer)">
Tim Hutchinson (production designer)

Tim Hutchinson (born 9 October 1946) is a British art director and production designer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Victor/Victoria". He was also nominated for a BAFTA in the category of Design for "The Hanging Gale".

</doc>
<doc id="20912313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912313" title="Heterenchelyidae">
Heterenchelyidae

The Heterenchelyidae or mud eels are a small family of eels native to the Atlantic, Mediterranean, and eastern Pacific.
Heterenchelyids are bottom-dwelling fish adapted to burrowing into soft mud. They have large mouths and no pectoral fins, and range from in length. Currently, eight species in two genera are recognized in this family.

</doc>
<doc id="20912318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912318" title="Strange Liberation">
Strange Liberation

Strange Liberation is the 21st album by jazz trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Bluebird imprint of RCA Records in 2004. The album features the Dave Douglas Quintet plus guest guitarist Bill Frisell. The album received widespread critical acclaim and did well on the jazz album charts, reaching number three on "Billboards and number one on "CMJs.
Overview.
Trumpeter and bandleader Dave Douglas returns with his quintet that premiered on his 2002 album "The Infinite". His band is composed of Chris Potter on tenor saxophone and bass clarinet, Uri Caine on Fender Rhodes, James Genus on bass, and Clarence Penn on drums, plus guest guitarist Bill Frisell. This is Douglas's first collaboration with Frisell, someone he wanted to work with since 1987. This is Douglas's sixth release on Bluebird Records and was recorded by engineer Joe Ferla in DSD
Prior to the album's release Douglas premiered the track "The Frisell Dream" at the 2003 Monterey Jazz Festival. The track "Just Say This" refers to the September 11 attacks and their aftermath. Douglas attempts to respond to an eight-year-old's attempt to play Thelonious Monk's "Blue Monk" with the tune "Skeeter-ism". The album's title is derived from a phrase used by Martin Luther King, Jr. in reference to America's involvement in the Vietnam War.
Reception.
In the book "Essential Jazz: the First 100 Years", the album is called "a fascinating amalgam of 4/4 swing grooves and rock-based electric textures reminiscent of Miles Davis's electric music of the late 1960s". John Kelman from All About Jazz counters that opinion by recounting that while Douglas's earlier release "The Infinite" did hearken back to late 1960s Davis, this release moves "completely into Dave Douglas territory". He concludes his review saying that the album is "another fine entry in a body of work that strives to break down barriers by eliminating preconceptions as to what music should or shouldn't be".
Dylan Hicks of "City Pages" call the album Douglas's "strongest effort" since signing with Bluebird, similarly Chris Dahlen of Pitchfork calls the album "a set of music that's simply one of the best written, paced and performed works in his catalog", in "The New York Times" Ben Ratliff calls it "the best album in several years by Dave Douglas", and Thom Jurek from Allmusic writes "in its imagination and depth it is one of the high marks of Douglas' thus far prolific career".
In All About Jazz, Marc Meyers says the album "explod in a veritable riot of colors, moods, idioms, and rhythms". "Billboard" named the album a 'Critics' Choice' with Dan Ouellette calling it "a reflective, whimsical and driving quintet date". He goes on to refer to the Douglas/Frisell pairing as a "perfect tonal match". Thomas Conrad writes in "JazzTimes" that the album "possesses, in spades, that quality of immediacy essential to jazz".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Dave Douglas"

</doc>
<doc id="20912327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912327" title="Karl Picus">
Karl Picus

Karl Picus was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross; which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 17 April 1945, while in the 5th SS Panzer Regiment, 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking".

</doc>
<doc id="20912330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912330" title="Henry Cole (Conservative politician)">
Henry Cole (Conservative politician)

Henry Arthur Cole (14 February 1809 – 2 July 1890) was a British politician, cricketer and army officer. 
He was the second son of John Cole, 2nd Earl of Enniskillen and as a result did not inherit the title, but was permitted to preface his name with 'The Honourable'. He was elected as a Conservative Member of Parliament for Enniskillen on 18 June 1844, resigning on 31 March 1851 through the position of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds. He was appointed High Sheriff of Fermanagh for 1854. 
He died in Willesden on 2 July 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="20912339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912339" title="Millie Khan">
Millie Khan

 
 
 
Millie Cecilia Khan, MBE (29 July 1938 – 24 November 2003), was a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand.
A competitor at four Commonwealth Games; she won a silver medal in the women's singles at the 1990 Commonwealth Games. She won a bronze medal in the same event at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
She won a total of twelve national titles in lawn bowls. Two of her daughters (Jan Khan and Marina Khan) are also New Zealand representative lawn bowlers.
In the 1990 Queen's Birthday Honours, Khan was awarded an MBE, for services to bowls.

</doc>
<doc id="20912352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912352" title="William Craig Smith">
William Craig Smith

William Craig Smith (9 December 1918 – 22 August 1986) was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Victor/Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="20912370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912370" title="Prince Alfred's Guard Memorial">
Prince Alfred's Guard Memorial

Prince Alfred's Guard Memorial is a provincial heritage site in St George's Park in Port Elizabeth in South Africa's Eastern Cape province.
In 1983, it was described in the Government Gazette as
Design.
On each of the four corners of the base of the memorial is a tablet bearing the names of officers and men who fell in the following wars:
At the foot of each tablet is a laurel wreath.

</doc>
<doc id="20912384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912384" title="Huguenot Memorial Building">
Huguenot Memorial Building

The Huguenot Memorial Building, located at 48 Queen Victoria Street, Cape Town, is a provincial heritage site in Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
In 1980 it was described in the Government Gazette as
The grounds for the memorial were not easily obtained. The Huguenot Memorial Society had to go to the Supreme Court in order to secure the rights to the disused cemetery where they intended to erect the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20912389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912389" title="Pustigasa">
Pustigasa

Pustigasa is a village of Ullapara upazila (or subdistrict) of the Sirajganj District in central Bangladesh. The population comprises about two thousand people. Most of the people make their living through farming or agriculture work. There are some service holders also.
There is one government primary school, one girls high school and one madrasah. Students of this village as well as students of nearby villages study in these schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20912390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912390" title="Harry Cordwell">
Harry Cordwell

Harry Cordwell (1922-1995) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Cordwell was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20912392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912392" title="William Trant Fagan">
William Trant Fagan

William Trant Fagan (31 January 1801 – 16 May 1859) was an Irish writer and Member of Parliament (MP) from Cork.
Family.
Fagan was the son of James Fagan and his wife Ellen Trust. On 21 June 1827, he married Mary Addis, the daughter of Charles Addis; they had four children, and lived at Feltrim in Cork.
Career.
At the general election in August 1847 he was elected as one of the two Repeal Association MPs for Cork City. defeating the sitting Repeal MP Alexander McCarthy and taking his seat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Later that year, he published ""The life and times of Daniel O'Connell"", prefacing the book with an address "To The people of Ireland" in which he described O'Connell as "the greatest man that this, or any other country, ever produced".
Fagan resigned from Parliament on 14 April 1851 by appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds to become a Commissioner of Insolvency. He stood again as an independent Whig at the general election in July 1852, pledged to support to the formation of an Independent Irish Opposition. He was re-elected in 1857 and at the general election on 6 May 1859, but died ten days later, aged 57.
In 1844 Fagan was elected Mayor of Cork and as an Alderman a Justice of the Peace (JP) for County Cork, and was also a Deputy Lieutenant.

</doc>
<doc id="20912410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912410" title="Chlopsidae">
Chlopsidae

The Chlopsidae, or false morays, are a family of eels found in coral reefs worldwide. As their name suggests, they somewhat resemble moray eels in appearance. However, they are smaller than true morays, ranging from in length.
Genera.
The family contains the following genera:
Family Chlopsidae

</doc>
<doc id="20912431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912431" title="New Netherlander">
New Netherlander

New Netherlanders were residents of New Netherland, the seventeenth century colonial province of the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands on the northeastern coast of North America, centered around the Hudson River and New York Bay, and at the end of the colony in the Delaware Valley. 
The population of New Netherland was not all Dutch, but had a variety of ethnic and linguistic backgrounds, mostly western European, Algonquian, Iroquoian, and West African. 
Though the colony officially existed only between 1609 and 1674, the descendants of the original settlers played a prominent role in colonial America. New Netherland culture characterized the region (today's Capital District, Hudson Valley, New York City, western Long Island and northern New Jersey) for two centuries. The concepts of civil liberties and pluralism introduced in the province would later become a mainstay of American political and social life.
History.
The Dutch in 1602 created the East India Company that acted with sovereign powers. The Company first essential base, was trade, but control of some goods go to occupy territories. The colonial administration was autonomous and the Company preferred to rule through agreements with local leaders.
In 1621, the West India Company was founded, whose greatest benefit came from the slave trade and piracy, which operated out of Zeeland, especially against Spanish ships. The Dutch Company dominated the slave trade during the seventeenth century.
In 1648, the Dutch had three major settlements in America: in the north to the fur trade.
On the Atlantic coast, their bases for the slave trade and smuggling with the Spanish colonies.
In the Caribbean and partly in Brazil and Suriname, plantations were done by native Indians and African slaves. There were around 1,000 whites there, joined by Brazilian Jews, attracted by religious freedom which was granted to all the settlers. 
The first non-Native American to settle in Manhattan was Juan Rodriguez (transcribed as Jan Rodrigues in Dutch), a Dominican man of African and Portuguese descent born in Santo Domingo. 
The second Director of New Netherland, Peter Minuit, was a German-born Huguenot who worked for the Dutch West India Company.
New Amsterdam was founded in 1624. The ship "Nieu Nederlandt departed with the first settlers, consisting of thirty Flemish Walloon families. The families were spread out over the entire territory claimed by the company. To the north a few families were left at the mouth of the Connecticut River, while to the south some families were settled at Burlington Island on the Delaware River. Others were left on Nut Island, now called Governor's Island, at the mouth of the Hudson River, while the remaining families were taken up the Hudson to Fort Orange. Later in 1624 and through 1625 six additional ships sailed for New Netherland with colonists, livestock and supplies.
Differences in conceptions of property rights between the Europeans and the Lenape resulted in widespread confusion among the Lenape and the eventual loss of their lands. After the Dutch arrival in the 1620s, the Lenape were successful in restricting Dutch settlement until the 1660s to Pavonia in present-day Jersey City along the Hudson. 
It soon became clear the northern and southern outposts had to be abandoned. Also, due to a war between the Mohawk and Mahican tribes in 1625, 
The Dutch finally established a garrison at Bergen, which allowed settlement west of the Hudson within the province of New Netherland.
the women and children at Fort Orange were forced to move to safety. At this point, in the spring of 1626, the Director General of the company, Peter Minuit, came to the province. Minuit motivated to get a safe place, purchased the island of Manhattan. He immediately command to engineer Cryn Fredericksz start the construction of Fort New Amsterdam. 
Because of the dangers and hardships of life in the colony some colonists decided to return to the homeland in 1628. By 1630 the total population of New Netherland was about 300, many being French-speaking Walloons. It is estimated about 270 lived in the area surrounding Fort Amsterdam, primarily working as farmers, while about 30 were at Fort Orange, the center of the Hudson valley fur trade with the Mohawks.
The Lenape's quick adoption of trade goods, and their need to trap furs to meet high European demand, resulted in their disastrous over-harvesting of the beaver population in the lower Hudson Valley. With the fur sources exhausted, the Dutch shifted their operations to present-day upstate New York. And while Lenape who produced wampum in the vicinity of Manhattan Island temporarily forestalled the negative effects of this decline in trade,
Dutch settlers founded a colony at present-day Lewes, Delaware, on June 3, 1631, and named it "Zwaanendael" (Swan Valley). The colony had a short existence, as in 1632 a local band of Lenape Indians killed the 32 Dutch settlers after a misunderstanding escalated over Lenape defacement of the insignia of the Dutch West India Company. In 1634, the Iroquoian-speaking Susquehannock went to war with the Lenape over access to trade with the Dutch at New Amsterdam. They defeated the Lenape, and some scholars believe that the Lenape may have become tributaries to the Susquehannock.
Lenape population fell, due mostly to epidemics of infectious diseases carried by Europeans, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no natural immunity.
Early ships to the new colony carried mostly Walloon passengers and Africans being brought as slaves, many of whom later became free. Sephardi Jews arrived after the loss of Dutch Brazil. Sarah Rapelje was the first female child of European parentage born in the colony of New Netherland. 
An early settler from Africa was a wealthy Muslim, and land owner, Anthony Janszoon van Salee although really he was a religious refugee from Spain. From 1340 Portugal populated desert atlantic islands. Colonization was a success and provided a growing population for other Atlantic colonies. The route from Europe passed through the Azores islands. By 1490 were 2,000 Flemings living in the islands of Terceira, Pico, Faial, São Jorge and Flores. Because there was such a large Flemish settlement, the Azores became known as the Flemish Islands or the Isles of Flanders. Prince Henry the Navigator was responsible for this settlement. His sister, Isabel, was married to Duke Philip of Burgundy of which Flanders was a part. King Manuel I of Portugal populated the São Tomé and Príncipe islands, in the slave trade route, with about 2,000 entrepreneurs Sephardic Jews refugees after their expulsion from Spain. The first group of Spanish and Portuguese Jews arrived in New York (New Amsterdam) in September 1654. 
The Dutch set up tho forts, Fort Nassau in 1614 and Fort Orange in 1624, both named for the Dutch noble House of Orange-Nassau. This established a Dutch presence in the area. In June 1620, the Dutch West India Company was established by the States-General and given enormous powers. In the name of the States-General, it had the authority to make contracts and alliances with princes and natives, build forts, administer justice, appoint and discharge governors, soldiers, and public officers, and promote trade in New Netherland.
The black population is dated by Dutch West India Company in 1625 with the importation of eleven black slaves. When the colony fell, the company freed all its slaves, establishing early on a nucleus of free negros.
The arrival of the immigrants did not necessarily mean the departure of the indigenous people. The concept of ownership as understood by the "Swannekins", or "salt water people", was foreign to the "Wilden", or "natives". The exchange of gifts in the form of sewant or manufactured goods was perceived as trade agreement and defense alliance which included farming, hunting, and fishing rights. Often, the Indians did not vacate the property or reappeared as their migrational patterns dictated. The River Indians, such as the Wecquaesgeek, Hackensack, and Canarsee, within whose territories many European settlements were established, had regular and frequent contact with the New Netherlanders.
In 1630, the managers of the West India Company, in order to tempt the ambition of capitalists, offered certain exclusive privileges to the members of the company. 
The realization that greater inducements had to be offered to increase the development of the colony led the West India Company to the creation of the so-called "patroon system". In 1629, the West India Company issued its charter of "Freedoms and Exemptions" by which it was declared that any member of the Company who could bring to and settle 50 persons over the age of 15 in New Netherland, should receive a liberal grant of land to hold as "patroon", or lord, with the exception, per Article III, of the island of Manhattan. This land could have a frontage of if on one side of a river, or if situated on both sides. The patroon would be chief magistrate on his land, but disputes of more than 50 guilders could be appealed to the Director and his Council in New Amsterdam. The first of this vast estate or colony was established in 1630, on the banks of the Hudson River. Over a period of four years was entitled to a plot with 25 miles of front to the river, with exclusive rights to hunting and fishing, and civil jurisdiction and criminal on earth. In turn, the "patroon" brought livestock, implements and buildings. Tenants pay rent to the agent and gave him first option on surplus crops.
The only restriction was that the colony had to be outside the island of Manhattan. A pattern of these colonies was the Manor of Rensselaerswyck.
Among the many settlers who sailed from the United Provinces of the Netherlands were Dutch, Flemish, Walloon, Huguenot, German, and Scandinavian people, who are sometimes called "New Netherland Dutch". 
Also there was fishermen and sailors, especially Portuguese and Basque. 
African slaves belonging the Dutch West India Company may have been brought directly, or via the Caribbean or other European colonies. 
English language speakers mostly arrived from New England and Long Island. In mid-seventeenth century, for political and religious unrest in England, emigrated to the Atlantic coast of North America, numerous Protestant Puritans, who settled in New Amsterdam. Among the early English settlers were two religious leaders, Anabaptist Lady Deborah Moody in 1645 and Anne Hutchinson, who took refuge in the province.
Everardus Bogardus the second minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, the oldest established church in present-day New York, frequently was combative with the Director-General of the New Netherlands and their management of the Dutch West India Company colony, going up against the often-drunk Wouter van Twiller and famously denouncing Willem Kieft from the pulpit during the colony's disastrously bloody Kieft's War (1643–1645). He stepped up his denouncements when Kieft tried to place a tax on beer. Bogardus himself has been described as a stout and rarely sober individual. A Council of Twelve Men was chosen on 1641 by the residents of New Amsterdam to advise the Director of New Netherland, Willem Kieft, on relations with the Native Americans due to the murder of Claes Swits. the council was not permanent, The next time a council of eight men was created.
Peter Stuyvesant arrived in New Amsterdam on May 11, 1647 to replace Willem Kieft as Director-General of the New Netherland colony. Though Dutch was the official language, and likely the lingua franca of the province, it was but one of many spoken there, as many as eighteen by the 1630s. The Algonquin language had many dialects. Walloons and Huguenots tended to speak French. Scandinavians brought their tongues, as did the Germans. Africans may have spoken their mother tongues as well. English was on the rise to become the vehicular language in world trade, and settlement by individuals or groups of English-speakers started early. The arrival of refugees from New Holland in Brazil may have brought more Portuguese, Spanish, and Judaeo-Spanish speakers. Commercial activity in the harbor, which included pirateering, could have been transacted simultaneously in any of a number of tongues. In some cases people "Batavianized" their names to conform with the Dutch vernacular and official language, which also greatly influenced placenaming.
Although the Dutch West India Company had established the Reformed Church as the official religious institution of New Netherland, the early Dutch settlers planted the concept of tolerance as a legal right in North America as per explicit orders in 1624. They had to attract, “through attitude and by example”, the natives and nonbelievers to God’s word “without, on the other hand, to persecute someone by reason of his religion, and to leave everyone the freedom of his conscience.” 
Though the region became a British colony in 1674, it retained its "Dutch" character for many years as early settlers and their descendents developed the land and economy.
Demographics.
Population estimates are for the European and African population and do not include the Native Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20912435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912435" title="Shaka Memorial">
Shaka Memorial

The Shaka Memorial is a provincial heritage site in Stanger in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa. It marks the resting place of the Zulu King Shaka near the site where he was assassinated by his half-brothers Dingane and Mhlangana while sitting on a rock near the barracks at his capital Dukuza.
According to the 1938 Government Gazette, the monument was made in Newcastle and erected in 1932 on the site of King Shaka's grave.
Adjacent to the memorial is the rock on which King Shaka was alleged to be sitting at the time of his assassination on 22 September 1828. It was rolled across the street from its original site to where it now lies. The date is commemorated with a national public holiday marked by a gathering at the memorial in honor of King Shaka led by the Zulu king, his warriors and dignitaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20912449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912449" title="Dias Cross Memorial">
Dias Cross Memorial

The Dias Cross Memorial is a provincial heritage site at Kwaaihoek, Alexandria in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It can be seen from miles away from its distinctive colors. The memorial is located at S 33.718499 E 26.624014.
In 1945 it was described in the Government Gazette as
The remains of the original cross erected by Bartholomew Diaz is located at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="20912461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912461" title="Covenant Monument">
Covenant Monument

The Covenant Monument is a provincial heritage site in Belfast in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa.
In 1982 it was described in the Government Gazette as

</doc>
<doc id="20912465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912465" title="Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland">
Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland

The Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland and other Slavic Countries () is a Polish monumental encyclopedia that was published between 1880–1902 in Warsaw by Filip Sulimierski, Bronisław Chlebowski, Władysław Walewski and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20912470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912470" title="Colocongridae">
Colocongridae

The Colocongridae, the worm eels or short-tail eels are a family of eels, containing a single genus, Coloconger.
Colongrids are found in tropical waters of the Atlantic, Indian, and West Pacific oceans. They are bottom-dwelling fish, living in waters from in depth. Compared with other eels, they have relatively short and stubby bodies, with blunt snouts.
Species.
The nine known species of Colocongrid are:
Family Colocongridae

</doc>
<doc id="20912503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912503" title="Siegfried Schneider (volleyball)">
Siegfried Schneider (volleyball)

Siegfried Schneider (born November 12, 1939) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Forst.
In 1968 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the East German team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20912505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912505" title="23rd parallel south">
23rd parallel south

The 23rd parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 23 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane, about 50 km north of the Tropic of Capricorn. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 23° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20912509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912509" title="Department of Shipping and Transport">
Department of Shipping and Transport

The Department of Shipping and Transport was an Australian government department that existed between May 1951 and December 1972.
Scope.
Information about the department's functions and/or government funding allocation could be found in the Administrative Arrangements Orders, the annual Portfolio Budget Statements and in the Department's annual reports.
According to the Administrative Arrangements Order (AAO) made on 21 June 1951, the Department dealt with:
Structure.
The Department was an Australian Public Service department, staffed by officials who were responsible to the Minister for Shipping and Transport.

</doc>
<doc id="20912526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912526" title="Arnold Schulz">
Arnold Schulz

Arnold Schulz (born January 25, 1943) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gębice.
In 1968 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the East German team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20912527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912527" title="Susanne Lingheim">
Susanne Lingheim

Susanne Lingheim was a Swedish art director. She won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Fanny and Alexander".

</doc>
<doc id="20912529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912529" title="Medal (band)">
Medal (band)

Medal were an English alternative rock band from Oxford.
History.
The band grew out of earlier band The Daisies, who had been active since the early 1990s and released the album "Kowloon House" in the US on Capitol Records and the single "If I Was Barry White" in 1996 on Regal Recordings in the UK. They also toured the US in 1995 supporting fellow Oxford band Supergrass. The Daisies line-up of Jamie Hyatt (vocals, guitar), Mark Willis (guitar), Daniel Kemp (bass), and Simon Wickson (drums) were joined by keyboard player Richard Brincklow and the band became Medal and signed to Polydor Records. Early singles "Ordinary", "Possibility", and "Up Here For Hours" received a lot of airplay on BBC Radio 1, and saw the band compared to The Verve. The band's debut album, "Drop Your Weapon", was released in June 1999 (on A&M in the United States), and support slots with label mates Cast, The Bluetones and The Dandy Warhols followed. The album prompted the description "Indescribably complicated and bewilderingly pretentious and that's only the cover" from the "NME", who compared the album to Pink Floyd's "The Dark Side of the Moon". After the "Porno Song" EP on Polydor, Kemp left the band (replaced eventually by former Fuzzgun bassist Ollie) and they were also dropped by Polydor, prompting them to set up their own El Producto label. After two singles, the band issued their second album, "Stuntman", in 2001. The band split up soon after, without touring the album or any official announcement.
The Daisies reformed for one night to bid farewell to the Zodiac venue in Oxford in May 2007. The band were the first act to perform at the venue when it opened in 1995.
Hyatt now fronts another Oxford band "The Family Machine", who formed in 2006 and released their debut album "You Are The Family Machine" in March 2008 on Alcopop Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20912538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912538" title="2009 Northern Iowa Panthers football team">
2009 Northern Iowa Panthers football team

The 2009 Northern Iowa Panthers football team represented the University of Northern Iowa in the 2009 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The previous year's team finished tied for first (of nine) in the Missouri Valley Football Conference (MVC). The team was coached by Mark Farley and played their home games in the UNI-Dome. The team finished with a record of 7–4 (5–3 MVC).
Season.
Defensive End Jason Ruffin was selected to the East-West Shrine Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20912544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912544" title="Dilipnagar">
Dilipnagar

Dilipnagar is a residential colony in Daman, India. It is the place where most of the elite as well as modest people in Daman stay. Compared to other parts of the city it is a developed area containing mostly low-rise apartments. Generally the limit is five to six floors (the limit being set up by the Daman municipality), this is because the Coast Guard Base/Daman Airport is situated just nearby.
The surrounding areas of the air base up to a radius of 1 km are left vacant for security reasons. These areas are mainly green grasslands with some tiny paddy fields. Thus from the rooftop or the top floor of most of the apartments one can get a view of the runway as well as the grassland.
Layout of the area.
The whole area (rectangular) is divided into eight rectangular blocks due to horizontal passage of 7-mini lanes, also known as crosslanes. These crosslanes are designated as crosslane-1,2...7. Besides these lanes the perimeter of the area consists of two broad roads, each of which leads to the road.
Facilities available.
Hospital.
The area has a 20-bed hospital with modern facilities for primary treatment which caters to the needs of the residents. It has a 24-hour emergency ward. Its name is Ashok hospital and it is situated in lane no-1.
Medical stores.
There are two medical stores in lane no-1 which keep almost every kind of medicine.
Milk centre.
The area has an amul milk centre supplying packaged milk to the areas residents. It is run by two young women. The shop also sells groceries.
Provisional stores.
There are about 10 provisional stores in the area supplying every kind of provision.
Fruit stall.
There is a fruit stall run by a gentleman who sells seasonal fruits.
Residents ground/Cricket ground.
The area has a large cricket ground used for playing cricket as well as for jogging, exercising and evening walks.

</doc>
<doc id="20912548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912548" title="Rudi Schumann">
Rudi Schumann

Rudi Schumann (born February 15, 1947) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Großdeuben, district Leipzig.
In 1968 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the East German team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20912560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912560" title="Charles de Ferrieres">
Charles de Ferrieres

Baron Charles Conrad Adolphus du Bois de Ferrieres (2 October 1823 – 17 March 1908) was Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Cheltenham, 1880 to 1885.
He was born in Tiel, The Netherlands, to a family of Huguenot origin but his mother was English. He lived in England from infancy and spent 50 years in Cheltenham. He was naturalised in 1867 by an Act of Parliament and succeeded to his title as third Baron de Ferrieres in the Dutch peerage in the same year. The title was created by William I of the Netherlands for his grandfather in 1820. 
Baron de Ferrieres was made Cheltenham’s second Mayor in 1877 and was elected at the 1880 general election its Liberal MP, holding the seat until the 1885 general election .
He is best remembered for his gift to the town of the Art Gallery and paintings from his father’s collection. He made gifts to various churches in the town and county, especially of stained-glass windows, to be found in Cheltenham Parish Church, Gloucester Cathedral, Cheltenham College Chapel and St Mary's, Chepstow. In recognition of his public munificence and private benefactions, as well as of his personal services to the community, he was made an honorary freeman of the borough in 1900. 
He married in 1851 Anne Sheepshanks but had no children. His obituary stated that there was "scarcely a society or charitable institution in the town that not benefited from his support". He is buried at St Peter's, Leckhampton alongside his father where there are in all five stained-glass windows in his or his father’s memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20912584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912584" title="Rainer Tscharke">
Rainer Tscharke

Rainer Tscharke (born August 1, 1942) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Babelsberg.
In 1968 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the East German team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played four matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20912587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912587" title="Osama Mazini">
Osama Mazini

Osama Mazini (, ) is a senior political leader of Hamas, a Palestinian paramilitary and political organization with ties to the group's military wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades. 
He was in charge of negotiation affairs dealing with captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit. 
In a 2006 sermon, he criticized Pope Benedict XVI over the latter's remarks on Islam, saying that the pontiff was criminal and arrogant. 
During Israel's air strikes against the Gaza Strip in December 2008, Mazini warned Israel about sending in ground forces, stating "the people of Gaza are waiting to see the Zionist enemy in Gaza to tear them into pieces of flesh."

</doc>
<doc id="20912592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912592" title="Fred Hole">
Fred Hole

Fred Hole (8 May 1935 – 4 February 2011) was an English art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Return of the Jedi".

</doc>
<doc id="20912611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912611" title="Wolfgang Webner">
Wolfgang Webner

Wolfgang Webner (born April 23, 1937) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Breslau.
In 1968 he was part of the East German team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the East German team in the 1972 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20912612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912612" title="Günter Jochems">
Günter Jochems

Günter Jochems (born 5 November 1928) was a professional ice hockey player. He represented Germany in the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20912617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912617" title="Girl car">
Girl car

A girl car or girl's car refers to a model stereotypically associated with women. Examples of cars that have features that appeal to women and are associated with that gender include the Peugeot 206cc, of which only 12% of buyers were male, Perodua Myvi, Hyundai Atos, Opel Tigra. and the Mazda MX-5/Miata. Girl cars tend to be "cheap, little, cute and gutless".
Some manufacturers have designed cars specifically for women, such as a Volvo S60-based concept car unveiled in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20912625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912625" title="Civil conscription">
Civil conscription

Civil conscription is conscription used for forcing people to work in non-military projects.
Civil conscription is used by various governments around the world, among them Greece., where it has been used numerous times and it is called "πολιτική επιστράτευση". Temporary conscription for payment, typically of taxes, is known as corvée.

</doc>
<doc id="20912641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912641" title="James L. Schoppe">
James L. Schoppe

James L. Schoppe is an American production designer and art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Return of the Jedi".

</doc>
<doc id="20912676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912676" title="Host Planet Earth">
Host Planet Earth

Host Planet Earth was a BBC radio serial consisting of six half-hour episodes which were originally broadcast in 1965. It details the course of a strange disease which first affects scientists working on a British rocketry programme. When British astronauts fall prey to the sickness in space, can they be allowed to return?
Episodes.
With:

</doc>
<doc id="20912681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912681" title="1999 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship">
1999 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship

The 1999 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the fifth edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship for women. It was held in Cologne, Germany from August 18 to August 29, 1999. In the final the defending champion Netherlands defeated Germany to clinch its fourth title, and qualified for the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Preliminary round.
Group A.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Group B.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Play-offs.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20912691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912691" title="Clan Cairns">
Clan Cairns

Clan Cairns is a Scottish clan. The clan does not have a chief recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, therefore the clan has no standing under Scots Law. Clan Cairns is considered an armigerous clan, meaning that it is considered to have had at one time a chief who possessed the chiefly arms, however no one at present is in possession of such arms. The arms of Cairns of that Ilk are blazoned as: "Gules, three martlets Or".
The surname "Cairns" is derived from the Scottish Gaelic "carn", meaning "cairn". It is a topographic name for someone who lived near a cairn. The lands of Cairns are located in the parish of Mid Calder, near Edinburgh. According to George Fraser Black, the first Cairns to be recorded is William de Carnys, who was recorded as witnessing a charter in 1349. William de Carnys and his son Duncan held the baronies of Easter and Wester Whitburn. Many Cairns are also recorded in the counties of Midlothian and West Lothian. Today many Cairns are still located around Edinburgh and Glasgow. 

</doc>
<doc id="20912695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912695" title="Myroconger">
Myroconger

The thin eels, genus Myroconger, is the only genus in the family Myrocongridae. Very little is known about the group.
Until recently, only a single specimen from this family was known. This individual had been caught off St Helena in 1868. In the 1990s and 2000s, deep-sea submersibles identified several more individuals, including four further species. The first known species, "M. compressus", was bright red in colour, but not all other species share this trait.
Species.
There are currently five recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="20912698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912698" title="William Plumpton">
William Plumpton

Sir William Plumpton (1404-15 October 1480) was a 15th-century English aristocrat, landowner and administrator.
He was the grandson of Sir William Plumpton executed in 1405 for treason by Henry IV and the son of Sir Robert Plumpton of Plumpton Hall, Yorkshire. On the death of his father in 1421 he became the ward of Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland.
He served in the French war 1427-30 and was knighted. On his return to England he was appointed by Northumberland as Seneschal of Knaresborough Castle and Steward of Northumberland's Spofforth estates.
Plumpton's own estates included Plumpton Hall, Yorkshire, Mansfield Woodhouse, Nottinghamshire and Hassop Hall, Derbyshire. He represented Nottinghamshire in the Parliament of 1436. He served as High Sheriff of Yorkshire in 1447 and High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1453.
During the War of the Roses he fought on the Lancastrian side at the Battle of Towton in 1461, where his son William and his benefactor Henry Percy, 3rd Earl of Northumberland were slain. Plumpton was captured but later was pardoned by Edward IV and regained his offices in 1471.
He married firstly in 1430, Elizabeth Stapleton of Carlton, Yorkshire and secondly in 1451 Joan Winteringham. He is a part-of the Worsley Family Tree.

</doc>
<doc id="20912720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912720" title="Geoffrey Kirkland">
Geoffrey Kirkland

Geoffrey Kirkland (born 1939) is an English production designer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Right Stuff". He is also a two-time BAFTA winner for his work in "Bugsy Malone" and "Children of Men". He was also nominated for a Primetime Emmy for his work in "Hemingway & Gellhorn".

</doc>
<doc id="20912725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912725" title="A. Haque">
A. Haque

A. Haque was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Haque made a single first-class appearance for the team, in the 1985-86 season, against Tripura. From the lower order, he scored 3 runs in the only innings in which he batted, as Assam won the match by a comfortable margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20912726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912726" title="GN Kunjru">
GN Kunjru

GN Kunjru was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Kunjru made a single first-class appearance for the team, in the 1966-67 season, against Bihar. From the middle order, he scored 8 runs in the first innings of the match, and 7 runs in the second, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20912727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912727" title="B. Maitra">
B. Maitra

B. Maitra was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Maitra made a single first-class appearance for the team, in the 1966-67 season, against Bihar. From the upper-middle order, he scored 8 runs in the first innings of the match, and 3 runs in the second, as Assam lost the match by an innings margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20912737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912737" title="Kenneth Walker (author)">
Kenneth Walker (author)

Kenneth Macfarlane Walker (1882–1966) was a British author and urologist. Among many other books he wrote "The Log of the Ark" with Geoffrey Boumphrey in 1923, "Life's Long Journey" and "A Study of Gurdjieff's Teaching". 
Walker also wrote the book "Meaning and Purpose" - An analysis of the main scientific theories of the last hundred years and their impact upon religious thought and belief, in 1944, aimed at questioning the completeness of "Charles Darwin's" theory of natural selection and evolution, as well as evaluating the most relevant scientific discoveries at the time of publication and their effect on the general population. He studied the ideas and methods of G. I. Gurdjieff with P. D. Ouspensky, and when the latter died in 1947 he visited Gurdjieff himself in Paris. He contributed thoughtful pieces to Picture Post, a highly popular publication, and was referred to by a friend as 'The Sage of Picture Post.' He conducted study groups in the Gurdjieff Society London. Among his books are "A Study of Gurdjieff's Teaching", and "Venture with Ideas." His writing style is simple and direct.
Walker was educated at The Leys School and Caius College, Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20912741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912741" title="Marcquelle Ward">
Marcquelle Ward

Baby Caton (born 8 November 1983), until later registered as Marcquelle Jermaine Ward is a British actor, dancer and rapper.
He's best known for the role of "BB" on the musical TV drama series "Britannia High".
Biography.
Marcquelle is the second child of 4 to Angella Caton-Greasley and Kevin Ward. Growing up in Manchester, Marcquelle was a recognized sports star. Whilst excelling at sports, he was also a budding rapper at 11 years old, Basketball star at 19, a recognised dancer at 20 and established singer at 21. Marcquelle was seen as the "jack of all trades", but still his passion lied else where. And that was his love for acting. The day Marcquelle was introduced to this craft his world changed for the good and now he is seen as one of the most talented up and coming young actors by the industry.
Marcquelle has three sisters: Marsha, Bhrianna and Ebony.

</doc>
<doc id="20912743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912743" title="Gungnaebu">
Gungnaebu

Gungnaebu (literally "Department of the Royal Household") was a Korean government office in charge of affairs related to the royal household of the late period of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea. In the government organization during the Joseon Dynasty, the division between the state of affairs and royal affairs was not distinctive. It had several subdivisions such as Jonchinbu, and Uibinbu, Donnyeongbu and others, some of which were independently operated or belonged to Yukjo (Six Ministries of Joseon).
Jongchinbu preserved the genealogy and portraits of the line of kings, managed costume of the king and queen, and dealt with relatives of the kings. Uibinbu took care of dealing with affairs regarding a son-in-law of the king, while Donnyeongbu managed affairs for cultivating mutual friendship among relatives of the king and queen. 

</doc>
<doc id="20912746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912746" title="Richard Lawrence (art director)">
Richard Lawrence (art director)

Richard Lawrence is an art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Right Stuff".

</doc>
<doc id="20912754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912754" title="24th parallel north">
24th parallel north

The 24th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 24 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, North America and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 13 hours, 37 minutes during the summer solstice and 10 hours, 39 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 24° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20912761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912761" title="Sielec, Drohobych Raion">
Sielec, Drohobych Raion

Sielec () is a village about 13.5 kilometers southeast of Sambir within Drohobych district of Lviv province in western Ukraine. The village was founded probably in the 15th century CE.
To the north lies the village and forest of Side (Сіде), to the east Horodyshche (Городище), to the south Mokriany (Мокряни) and to the west Vilshanyk (Вільшаник). Geographically, the area lies in the Dniester river basin, to which the Bystrytsia (Бистриця) and Cherkhavka (Черхавка) rivers are tributaries. 
Together with the villages of Kotovane (Котоване) and Stupnytsia (Ступниця), it administratively forms a local village council.
History.
The village was first mentioned in 1538 in a document from 1559. King Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki established the parish between 1669 and 1673, during which time a royal church was constructed. Another church with its own parish for the local Polish-speaking nobility ("szlachta") was built later; both parishes coexisted before they later merged.
While the area was crown property, the Dżurdż family was given half of it at an unknown date. Around 1650 King John II Casimir awarded the Cossack Ataman Skrebeciowicz the other half of the Sielec estate, as well as the right to bear the Sas coat of arms for his loyal services to the crown during the Khmelnytsky Uprising. After the Austrian partition of southern Poland in 1772, the Skrebeciowicz de Sielecki family’s noble status was reaffirmed by the imperial court in Vienna who gave it the hereditary German title of "Ritter".
According to historical documents, in 1880 Sielec had a total population of 781 inhabitants, of which 657 were Greek Catholics, thirty-two were Roman Catholics, eighty-five were Jewish, and seven were of other faiths. According to an 1889 census, 728 of the inhabitants at the time were ethnic Ukrainian ("Rusyny"), fifty were Polish, and three were German-speaking ("Galiziendeutsche"). Furthermore, the town incorporated 172 houses in the same census; the manor house ("dwór") and local lords’ estates employed around forty-seven people.
The area changed hands multiple times: after the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian empire in 1918, Sielec reverted to newly independent Poland and administratively became a part of Lwów Voivodeship. In late September 1939, following German and Soviet aggression on Poland and Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, Lwów Voivodeship was divided by the two sides. Sielec was occupied by the Soviets and incorporated into Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, only to be overrun again by the invading German Wehrmacht in the summer of 1941. After the war it was finally incorporated into Ukraine. The population dropped substantially due to World War II and the Stalinist Soviet regime. The local Jewish population was murdered during the Holocaust, after the war members of the local nobility as well as wealthier peasants and non-Ukrainians were either executed or deported to Siberia by the communists, where they perished in the gulags. Farmers were forced to hand over their land for collectivization. After the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989 and the collapse of the local kolkhoz, high unemployment forced many, especially young people, to leave for larger towns in flights of urbanization. The 2001 national census counted 164 inhabitants, and in 2009 the village consisted of around 40 houses, down from 300 in the past.
Sights.
The area is marked by rolling hills and agricultural land rich with chornozem. The local economy consists mainly of farming, along with animal husbandry of cattle and horses. The manor house remains have been lost over time as well as the royal church mentioned in historical annals, while the church for the nobility still exists.
The Greek Catholic Church of the Theotokos () is located on a hill. With its belfry, it serves as an example of a rural wooden church in Ukraine. Constructed in the seventeenth century, it is surrounded by a historic cemetery. The church was funded by local nobility and used for worship by them—members would be buried there as well. It was closed and lay in a ruined state during the Communist era. Only after the end of the Soviet Union was the church restored, using local funds and donations.
The church has a cross-shaped layout consisting of three parts: the narthex in the front, the central nave and the apse in the back, which is shielded by an iconostasis. The church is around eighteen meters long and eight meters wide; the nave measures less than six meters square. The exterior has a slightly different appearance than in the 1970s, when the towering roofs had to be replaced and made more simply than before. The nave is capped by a small octagonal dome that is richly decorated with religious paintings and painted in white and light blue. The floor is carpeted. The iconostasis probably dates to the nineteenth century. The nobility had reserved benches on the left side of the church, while the Ruthenian peasants would sit or stand to the right. The church is listed as a protected heritage site.
The smaller Chapel of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul is located close to the foot of the hill. Built of concrete, it is a smaller edifice constructed in 2000 to commemorate the second millennium and was dedicated on July 12, 2000. It replaced a previous wooden chapel that was originally used only by the local peasants. Located along the road leading to the village is the new cemetery. From Sielec en route to Drohobych lies a memorial site in a forest for the local Jewish population that was murdered during the Shoah.

</doc>
<doc id="20912763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912763" title="Austrostipa variabilis">
Austrostipa variabilis

Austrostipa variabilis is a species of grass that grows in southern parts of Australia.
Description.
It is a perennial tufted bunchgrass, from in height. It has green or purple flowers.
Distribution and habitat.
"Austrostipa variabilis" is native to southern Australia. It is most common in the Southwest Botanical Province of Western Australia, but specimens have been recorded east across the nullarbor, and even beyond Adelaide, South Australia. 
It grows in a range of habitats, including dunes and granite outcrops, and tolerates a range of soils.
Taxonomy.
The type specimen of this species was collected early in the 19th century by James Drummond, from the vicinity of the Swan River. The species was not described, however, until 1921, when Dorothy Kate Hughes published it as "Stipa variabilis". This was its name until 1996, when the Australian species of "Stipa" were recognised as meriting their own genus. Thus "Austrostipa" was erected, and this and other species transferred into it.

</doc>
<doc id="20912765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912765" title="Peter R. Romero">
Peter R. Romero

Peter R. Romero (February 18, 1920 – July 29, 2010) was an art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Right Stuff".

</doc>
<doc id="20912771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912771" title="Peter Romero">
Peter Romero

Peter Romero may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20912773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912773" title="Ivans Bugajenkovs">
Ivans Bugajenkovs

Ivans Vasilevits Bugajenkovs (born 18 February 1938 in Kumylzhensky District, Volgograd Oblast) is a Latvian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Burlatskiy, Volgograd Oblast.
Career.
In 1964 he was part of the Soviet team which won the gold medal in the Olympic tournament. He played all nine matches. Four years later he won his second gold medal with the Soviet team in the 1968 Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.
Bugajenkovs worked in Iran for over 16 years, as the general manager of all age groups of Iranian volleyball, from 1991 to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20912777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912777" title="2008–09 Hong Kong League Cup">
2008–09 Hong Kong League Cup

Hong Kong League Cup 2008–09 is the 9th Hong Kong League Cup.
All teams of Hong Kong First Division League 2008–09 will play in this competition.
Bracket.
<noinclude>
All times are local (UTC+8).
Scorers.
The scorers in the 2008–09 Hong Kong League Cup are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20912778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912778" title="Diederik Jansz. Graeff">
Diederik Jansz. Graeff

Diederik Jansz Graeff, also Dirk Jansz Graeff, Lord of the manor Vredenhof (Amsterdam 1532 – Jul 27 1589), first illustrious member of the De Graeff family, was a rich merchant, ship-owner and politician. Diederik Graeff was also the founder of a regent dynastie of the Dutch Golden Age and the short time of the First Stadtholderless Period that retained power and influence for centuries and produced a number of ministers. He was the first Mayor of Amsterdam from the De Graeff family.
Family De Graeff.
During the Dutch Golden Age, the De Graeff family were very critical of the Orange family’s influence in the Netherlands. Together with the Republican-minded family Bicker, the De Graeffs strived for the abolition of stadtholdership. They desired the full sovereignty of the individual regions in which the Republic of the United Seven Netherlands were not ruled by a single person. Instead of a sovereign (or stadtholder) the political and military power was lodged with the States General and with the regents of the cities in Holland.
Diederik Jansz.
Graeffs parents were Jan Pietersz Graeff, a rich cloth merchant and advisor of Amsterdam, and "Stein Braseman". His older brother was Lenaert Jansz de Graeff, perhaps ident with "Monseigneur de Graeff", a captain of the Sea Beggars in the Capture of Brielle. Diederik was married to Agnies Pietresdr van Neck. Among their children were: 
Carriere.
Diederiks was a merchant, he bought and sold steel at his house "De Keyser" in a street, now called Damrak. Like his brothers "Jan", Lenaert and "Jacob", Diederik was one of the richest inhabitants of Amsterdam. In 1564 Diederik was a member of a delegation who spoke with the Spanish Regent about the political situation in Amsterdam and the province Holland. In 1567 he was against Charles de Brimeus entry in Amsterdam. In March of that year, backed by the brothers De Graeff and a large part of the bourgeoisie Henry, Count of Bréderode became the "Generalcaptain" of the city.
Diederik Graeff was also a friend of William the Silent. The Prince visited him at his house in Amsterdam. The armchair which was used by Prince William was now part of the collection of the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam. This hooded chair is a unique example of an item of formal furniture from the estate of a late 16th-century Amsterdam burgomaster. Attached to the back of this armchair is a copper plate with the words from Pieter de Graeff "Willem the First, Prince of Orange, set in this chair in 1578 when he stayed with my great-grandfather, Burgomaster Dirk Jansz de Graeff, who then lived in a house called De Keijser by the water." In 1576 Graeff was a delegate of the States-General of the Netherlands. In 1578 Graeff was made regent-mayor of Amsterdam, by influence of Willem of Orange. Between the same year and his death in 1589 Graeff was a councillor of the city.
Diederik's tomb chapel is located in the Oude Kerk at Amsterdam.
History of the first De Graeffs in Amsterdam.
Pieter Graeff.
Pieter (ca 1485/90-?) was a member of the "vroedschap" and advisor of Amsterdam. Some old sources called him a son of Wolfgang von Graben, a member of the Austrian noble family Von Graben von Stein. He was married to "Griet Pietersdr. Berents", and they were the parents of "Jan Pietersz Graeff" (?-1553).
Jan Pietersz Graeff.
Jan (?-1553) was the oldest son of Pieter, and was married to "Stein Braseman". He was a member of the "vroedschap" and in 1543 an advisor of the city. He lived at the house "De Keyser" on an old street called "Vijgendam". De Graeff was a cloth merchant and sold his fabric to Antwerpen. After his work in Noord-Brabant, he returned to Amsterdam and died in the year 1553. He had three sons: "Pieter" (?-1547), "Lenaert" (1525/30-1578), "Diederik" (describes here) (1529–1589) and "Jacob".

</doc>
<doc id="20912781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912781" title="Ali Mtairik">
Ali Mtairik

Ali Mtairik (born 15 January 1978) is a Lebanese footballer who plays as a defender for Shabab Al-Sahel.
Mitairik was capped 5 times for the Lebanon national team between 2000 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20912790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912790" title="Jim Poynter">
Jim Poynter

Jim Poynter (born 13 October 1943) is an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Right Stuff".

</doc>
<doc id="20912796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912796" title="Bengaline silk">
Bengaline silk

Bengaline silk is a woven material which became fashionable for women and children to wear in the 1880s and 1890s. It offered the impression of genuine silk but was actually made with lesser amounts of silk than cotton. Lizzie Borden stated at her December 1892 inquest that she was wearing a dress made of bengaline silk on the morning she was accused of murdering her father and stepmother.
The fabric tended to go out of fashion when completely smooth-surfaced materials became popular. Pique, coachman's whipcord, diagonal serge, and surah are similar to bengaline silk. Surah was once know in France as silk serge.
Bengaline silk sold for $2.50 per yard in 1889 but was sometimes discounted to sell for $1.25 per yard. A heavy lined, long cloak for infants, with deep bengaline silk embroidery, retailed for $7.98 at a Manhattan, New York clothing shop, in 1893. Diagonal striped dresses featuring the fabric were popular in the spring of 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="20912800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912800" title="Mazinga Phaser">
Mazinga Phaser

Mazinga Phaser was a psychedelic Space Rock group from Denton, Texas active during the latter half of the 1990s. The band's founder, Mwanza "Wanz" Dover also formed The Falcon Project before forming a new line-up of the band as Mazinga Phaser II.
History.
Formed in 1993, the initial line-up was Jessica Nelson (vocals/keyboards), Cole Wheeler (bass), Mwanza "Wanz" Dover (guitar/programming), Eric Hermeyer (guitar), and Travis Williams (drums).Mike Throneberry later replaced Travis Williams on drums. The group's debut album, "Cruising in the Neon Glories of the New American Night" was released in 1996 on Aether Records. The band relocated to Fort Worth, and signed to Idol Records who issued the group's second album, "Abandinallhope", in late 1997, followed by the "Counting Breaths" EP two years later. Dover left to form The Falcon Project, with the rest of the band carrying on for a third album, "Dissatisfied Customers of Hallucination", in 2000, after which they split up. The band's "Dream of Lost Rivers" was used in David Gordon Green's 2001 film "George Washington".
To celebrate the tenth anniversary of the band's first gig in 1994, Dover formed a new line-up of the group in 2004, dubbed 'Mazinga Phaser II'.

</doc>
<doc id="20912804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912804" title="Hugo Ruf (Waffen SS)">
Hugo Ruf (Waffen SS)

Hugo Ruf was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Oberscharführer Hugo Ruf was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 16 October 1944 as platoon commander in the 3rd Company, 5th SS Panzer Division "Wiking".

</doc>
<doc id="20912828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912828" title="Maghrebis">
Maghrebis

Maghrebis or Maghrebian people or Maghrebians (or North Africans) are the inhabitants of the Maghreb countries (Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, Libya, Mauritania). During Al-Andalus, Maghrebis were known as Moors.
Origins.
The inhabitants of the region are predominantly "Berber And Arab-Berber" but this term implies a complete fusion of the two groups which is not the case. Whereas Arabs and Berbers, united through Islam are the main ethnic and cultural elements, it is important to bear in mind that over the centuries the Maghreb has been a melting-pot of many other ethnic groups and cultures. Before the Arab conquest Carthagenns, Greeks, Romans, Vandals, and Byzantines colonized the Maghreb and contributed to the development of its culture. Later, moriscos and muladies, that is, Iberian who had earlier converted to the Muslim faith and were fleeing, together with ethnic Arab and Berber Muslims, from the Christian Reconquista settled to the Maghreb. Among are Turks who came over with the expansion of the Ottoman Empire. A small Turkish descended population exists, particularly in Tunisia and Algeria. Other European contributions included French, Italians, and others captured by the corsairs and then turned into slaves.
Nowadays, a majority of the current population in the Maghreb consider themselves generally Arab in identity, regardless of mixed ethnic or linguistic heritage. There are significant non-Arab or non-Arab identifying populations in the region and most important of the non-Arab populations found throughout the Maghreb, particularly in Morocco and Algeria, are the Berbers. They represented the majority of the pre-Islamic population. After the arrival of Islamic Arabs, Berbers assimilated in large numbers to Arab or mixed Arab-Berber ethnic identities.
Historically the Maghreb was also home to significant Jewish communities, including the Maghrebim Jews, who predated the 7th century introduction and conversion of the majority of Berbers to Islam. Under the Almohad dynasty rule in the 12th century, the Jews were forced to convert en masse to Islam. Later largely augmented by Iberian Sephardi Jews, fleeing the Iberian Catholic Reconquista, established a presence in North Africa, chiefly in the urban trading centers. Many Sephardic Jews emigrated to North America in the early 19th century or to France and Israel later in the 20th century.
On the Saharan southern edge of the Maghreb are large communities of black populations, sometimes called Haratin, who orally identify themselves as the original inhabitants of southern oasis.
Religion.
Historic records of religion in the Maghreb region show its gradual inclusion in the Classical World, with coastal colonies established first by Phoenicians, some Greeks, and later extensive conquest and colonization by the Romans. By the 2nd century common era, the area had become a center of Latin-speaking Christianity. Both Roman settlers and Romanized populations converted to Christianity. The region produced figures such as Christian Church writer Tertullian (c. 155 – c. 202); and Christian Church martyrs or leading figures such as St Cyprian of Carthage (+ 258); Saint Monica; her son the philosopher St. Augustine, Bishop of Hippo I (+ 430) (1); and St Julia of Carthage (5th century). The region was a birthplace of many Christians movements like arianism and donatism, now casted-off.
The domination of Christianity ended when Arab invasions brought Islam in 647. Carthage fell in 698 and the remainder of the region followed in subsequent decades. Gradual Islamization proceeded, although surviving letters showed correspondence from regional Christians to Rome up until the 9th century. Christianity was still a living faith. Christian bishoprics and dioceses continued to be active, with relations continuing with Rome. As late as Pope Benedict VII (974-983) reign, a new Archbishop of Carthage was consecrated. Evidence of Christianity in the region then faded through the 10th century.
During the 7th century, the region's peoples began their nearly total conversion to Islam. There is a small but thriving Jewish community, as well as a small Christian community. Most Muslims follow the Sunni Maliki school. Small Ibadi communities remain in some areas. A strong tradition of venerating marabouts and saints' tombs is found throughout regions inhabited by Berbers. Any map of the region demonstrates the tradition by the proliferation of "Sidi"s, showing places named after the marabouts. Like some other religious traditions, this has substantially decreased over the 20th century. A network of zaouias traditionally helped proliferate basic literacy and knowledge of Islam in rural regions.
Diaspora.
France.
According to Michel Tribalat, a researcher at INED, there were 3.5 million people of Maghrebi origin (with at least one grandparent from Algeria, Morocco or Tunisia) living in France in 2005 corresponding to 5.8% of the total French metropolitan population (60.7 millions in 2005). Maghrebis have settled mainly in the industrial regions in France, especially in the Paris region. Many famous French people like Edith Piaf, Isabelle Adjani, Arnaud Montebourg, Alain Bashung, Dany Boon and many others have Maghrebi ancestry.
According to INSEE (French National Institute for Statistics and Economic Studies), 16% of newborns in France between 2006 and 2008 have at least one grandparent born in Maghreb.
Below is a table of population of Maghrebi origin in France, numbers are in thousands:
In 2005, the percentage of young people under 18 of maghrebi origin (at least one immigrant parent) were about 7% in Metropolitan France, 12% in Greater Paris, 13% in Lyon, 21% in Perpignan, 22% in French département of Seine-Saint-Denis, 37% in 18th arrondissement of Paris and 40% in several arrondissements of Marseilles.
According to other sources between 5 and 8 million people of Maghrebin origin live in France.
Anthropology, genetics and linguistics.
Various disciplines shed light on the origin of the Northwest-Africans (Berbers and Arabs).
Physical anthropology.
Northwest-Africans are defined as Mediterraneans with moderate Alpinid and Nordic elements. A significant proportion of the Rif Berbers, Kabyles and Chouias have blue or green eyes.
Genetic evidence.
The genetic proximity observed between the Northwest-Africans and Southern Europeans is due to the fact that both these groups shared a common ancestor either in the Upper Paleolithic, in the Neolithic or alternatively during history with the invasion and the occupation during nearly seven centuries of the Iberian Peninsula by Moorish troops. A genetic study published in January 2012 stated that the indigenous North African ancestry appears most closely related to populations outside of Africa but "divergence between Maghrebi peoples and Near Eastern/Europeans likely precedes the Holocene (>12,000 ya)."
Y-chromosome DNA.
The Y-chromosome genetic structure of the Maghreb population seems to be mainly Modulated by geography, The Y-DNA Haplogroups E3b and J, which are so common among the population of North African and the Middle East, Haplogroups E3b and J, are the most widespread among North African groups especially E1b1b1b (E-M81, formerly E3b1b) which is typical of the indigenous Berbers of North-West Africa. In some parts of Tunisia E1b1b1b can peak at 100% of the population. Followed by Haplogroup J especially J1 which is typically Middle Eastern which can reach frequencies of 40% in the region, and has its highest density founded in the Southwestern Arabian Peninsula, Followed by Haplogroup R1 which has been observed in North African though with lower frequency. The Y-DNA Haplogroups shown above are observed in both Arab and Berber-speakers.
The Northwest-African Y chromosome pool (including both Berber and Arab populations) may be summarized as follows where only two haplogroups E1b1b and J comprise generally more than 80% of the total chromosomes:
E1b1b1b (E-M81) is the most common Y haplogroup among North African Arabs and Berbers dominated by its sub-clade E-M183. It is thought to have originated in North Africa 5,600 years ago. Colloquially referred to as the "Berber marker" for its prevalence among Mozabite, Middle Atlas, Kabyle and other Berber groups, E-M81 is also quite common among North African Arab groups (45% in Oran). It can reach frequencies of up to 100% in the Maghreb.
Regarding J1-M267, according to a recent study in 2011 about Tunisia, it is significantly more abundant in the urban (31.3%) than in the rural total population (2.5%). According to the authors, these results could be explained supposing that Arabization in Tunisia was a military enterprise, therefore, mainly driven by men that displaced native Berbers to geographically marginal areas but that frequently married Berber women.
Mitochondrial DNA.
Many studies have attempted to describe the genetic diversity of Northwest-African populations, evaluating mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) sequence variation and the results may be summarized as follows (data for 536 individuals from 9 populations : Morocco (Asni, Bouhria, Figuig, Souss), Algeria (Mozabites), Tunisia (Chenini-Douiret, Sened, Matmata, Jerba)):
The Northwest-African mtDna pool is characterized by an "overall high frequency of Western Eurasian haplogroups, a somehow lower frequency of sub-Saharan L lineages, and a significant (but differential) presence of North African haplogroups U6 and M1." According to Cherni et al. 2009 "the post-Last glacial maximum expansion originating in Iberia not only led to the resettlement of Europe but also of North Africa".
According to an Ottoni et al. 2010, besides the "autochthonous" South-Saharan component, the maternal pool of Northern Africa appears to be characterized by at least two other major components: (i) a Levantine contribution (i.e. haplogroups U6 and M1), associated with the return to Africa around 45 kya, and (ii) a more recent West European input associated with the postglacial expansion.
Until recently, some papers suggested that the distribution of the main L haplogroups in North Africa was mainly due to trans-Saharan slave trade. However in September 2010, a thorough study about Berber mtDNA by Frigi "et al." concluded that most of L haplogroups were much older and introduced by an ancient African gene flow around 20,000 years ago.
Autosomal DNA.
In an autosomal study in 2012 by Henn et al., the authors conclude that North African populations retain a unique signature of early "Maghrebi" ancestry, but are not a homogenous group and most display varying combinations of five distinct ancestries (Maghrebi, European, Near Eastern, eastern and western sub-Saharan Africa). The majority of their ancestry derives from populations outside of Africa and is the result of at least three distinct episodes:
They observed two distinct, opposite gradients of ancestry : an east-to-west increase in likely autochthonous North African ancestry likely derived from "back-to-Africa" gene flow more than 12,000 years ago and an east-to-west decrease in likely Near Eastern Arabic ancestry. The indigenous North African ancestry is more frequent in populations with historical Berber ethnicity. They also find significant signatures of sub-Saharan African ancestry that vary substantially among populations. According to the authors "these sub-Saharan ancestries appear to be a recent introduction into North African populations, dating to about 1,200 years ago in southern Morocco and about 750 years ago into Egypt, possibly reflecting the patterns of the trans-Saharan slave trade that occurred during this period".
Admixture analysis.
Recent genetic analysis of North African populations have found that, despite the complex admixture genetic background, there is an autochthonous genomic component which is likely derived from “back-to-Africa” gene flow older than 12,000 years ago (ya) (i.e., prior to the Neolithic migrations). This local population substratum seems to represent a genetic discontinuity with the earliest modern human settlers of North Africa (those with the Aterian industry) given the estimated ancestry is younger than 40,000 years ago. North Morocco, Libya and Egypt carry high proportions of European and Near Eastern ancestral components, whereas Tunisia and Saharawi are those populations with highest autochthonous North African component.
Iberia.
In the Iberian Peninsula, North African male haplogroups, especially E1b1b1b (E-M81), E1b1b1a-b (M78 derived chromosomes showing the rare DYS439 allele 10 or E-V65) and a subset of J1 (M267 derived), are found in significant amounts with an average frequency of about 7-8% in the peninsula with frequencies surpassing 10% in some regions, like 18.6% in Cantabria.
As an exceptional case in Europe, E-M81 has also been observed at 40% the Pasiegos from Cantabria.
Concerning the level of male genetic admixture in Iberia, an important study by Adams et al. 2008 that analysed 1140 individuals in Iberia found a mean North African admixture of 10.6%, with wide geographical variation, ranging from 2.5% in Catalonia, 11.8% in North Portugal, 16.1% in South Portugal, 20.8% in Galicia to 21.7% in Northwest Castile.
MtDna (female lineages) genetic studies on Iberian populations also show that North African mitochondrial DNA sequences (haplogroup U6) are found at much higher levels than those generally observed elsewhere in Europe. Although the overall absolute frequency of U6 is low (2.4%), this signals a possible current North African ancestry proportion of 8%–9%, because U6 is not a common lineage in North Africa itself. U6 reaches its highest frequency in North Portugal at about 4-6% where Gonzalez et al. 2003 estimated a possible North African ancestry proportion of 27%.
Iberia is also the region in Europe with the highest frequency of the female mediated mtDNA haplogroup L of Sub-Saharan origin, likely a result of Berber and Arab colonization or African slave trade. Pereira et al. 2005, who analysed 1045 Iberian individuals, found sub-Saharan mtDNA L haplogroups at rates of 11.38% in south Portugal, 5.02% in Center Portugal, 3.21% in North Portugal and 3.26% in Galicia. According to Alvarez et al. 2010 who found L haplogroups at a rate of 4.70% in the Spanish province of Zamora, "as the Hts found in the area are also shared with North African populations, we cannot discard the possibility that these lineages derived from the North African Muslim permanence in the Iberian Peninsula". In another study, Casas et al. 2006 extracted DNA from human remains that were exhumed from historic burial sites in Al-Andalus, Spain (between 12th-13th century). The frequency of Sub-Saharan lineages detected in the medieval samples was 14.6% and 8.3% in the present population of Priego de Cordoba. The authors suggest both the Muslim occupation, and prehistoric migrations before the Muslim occupation would have been the source of these lineages. Brehm at al. 2003 also found a significant Sub-Saharan imprint in the Autonomous regions of Portugal, with L haplogroups constituting about 13% of the lineages in Madeira and 3.4% in the Azores.
Canary Islands.
In Canary Islands, a study by Nicole Maca-Meyer in 2003 found mtDna haplogroup U6 at rate of 14% in the present-day Canary Islands populations reflecting the Berber origin of the Guanches, the aboriginal population of the Canary Islands. In this study they compared aboriginal Guanche mtDNA (collected from Canarian archaeological sites) to that of today's Canarians and concluded that, "despite the continuous changes suffered by the population (Spanish colonization, slave trade), aboriginal mtDNA lineages constitute a considerable proportion of the Canarian gene pool". MtDNA haplogroup L were also found at rate of 6.6% and E-M81 at a rate of 8.28% with frequencies over 10% in the three largest islands of Tenerife (10.68%), Gran Canaria (11.54%) and Fuerteventura (13.33%). According to Fregel et al. 2009 the presence of autochthonous North African E-M81 lineages, and also other relatively abundant markers (E-M78 and J-M267) from the same region in the indigenous Guanche population, "strongly points to that area [North Africa as the most probable origin of the Guanche ancestors". In this study, they estimated that, based on Y-chromosome and mtDNA haplogroup frequencies, the relative female and male indigenous Guanche contributions to the present-day Canary Islands populations were respectively of 41.8% and 16.1%.
An autosomal study in 2011 found an average Northwest African influence of about 17% in Canary Islanders with a wide interindividual variation ranging from 0% to 96%. According to the authors, the substantial Northwest African ancestry found for Canary Islanders supports that, despite the aggressive conquest by the Spanish in the 15th century and the subsequent immigration, genetic footprints of the first settlers of the Canary Islands persist in the current inhabitants. Paralleling mtDNA findings, the largest average Northwest African contribution was found for the samples from La Gomera.
Italy.
In Sicily, the contribution of North African populations is estimated to be about 6%-8% which shows a "genetic affinity between Sicily and North Africa". In Italy, North African haplogroups were found especially in a region of Southern Italy (East Campania, Northwest Apulia, Lucera) at frequency of 4.7% due to Frederick II’s relocation of Sicilian Muslims in the city of Lucera in the 13th century. Haplogroup U6 have also been detected in Sicily and Southern Italy at very low levels.
France.
Haplogroup E-M81 is also found in some regions of France (exluding recent immigration as only men with French surname were analysed). 2.70 % (15/555) overall with frequencies surpassing 5% in Auvergne (5/89) and Île-de-France (5/91).
According to a genetic study in 2000 based on HLA, French from Marseille "are more or less isolated from the other western European populations. They are in an intermediate position between the North Africans (Algerians from Algiers and Oran; Tunisians) and the western Europeans populations (France, Spain, and Portugal)". According to the authors "these results cannot be attributed to recent events because of the knowledge of the grandparents’ origin" in the sample. This study reveals "that the southern French population from Marseilles is related genetically to the southwestern Europeans and North Africans, who are geographically close" and that "a substantial gene flow has thus probably been present among the populations of these neighboring areas".
Latin America.
As a consequence of Spanish and Portuguese colonization of Latin America, North African haplogroups are also found throughout Latin America especially in Brazil and Cuba where frequencies surpass generally 5%. and among Hispanic men in USA.
According to Fregel et al. (2009), the fact that male North African E-M81 and female U6 lineages from the Canaries have been detected in Cuba and Iberoamerica, demonstrates that Canary Islanders with indigenous Guanche ancestors actively participated in the American colonization.
Other regions.
In other countries, North African haplogroups can be found in France, Sudan, Somalia, Jordan (4%), Lebanon and amongst Sephardi Jews.
Linguistics.
The Maghreb have hosted several languages. Berber or also known as Amazigh is the indigenous language family of the region, belonging to the greater Afro-Asiatic family. Two thousand years ago, Punic, Berber and Latin would have alternated in communication among the populations of the Western parts of North Africa and the rest of the Mediterranean basin. The Arabic language as known throughout the region nowadays arrived later in the Maghreb with the historical Arab conquest and Islam. This language ousted the Berber languages in its various variants, although the process was a long time one, Berber has long been a very prominent language in Algeria and Morocco till our contemporary era. Romance language itself might still have existed in the Maghreb in the 12th century. The Maghreb once again became partly Romance with colonisation. From the 1830s, the French began by conquering Algeria, where French was declared the official language of the country. It also obtains the position of highly placed languages of local elites.
In today's Maghreb, only Modern Standard Arabic possesses the status of official language, despite Maghrebi Arabic and Berber being the languages of most people. In spite of that, French is doing well in the region at the start of the 21st century.
English is becoming quite popular as a second language subject at schools across the Maghreb.

</doc>
<doc id="20912829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912829" title="24th parallel south">
24th parallel south

The 24th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 24 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane, about 60 km south of the Tropic of Capricorn. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 24° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20912836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912836" title="BL 4.7 inch /45 naval gun">
BL 4.7 inch /45 naval gun

The BL 4.7 inch 45 calibres gun (actually a metric 120 mm gun) was a British medium-velocity naval gun introduced in 1918 for destroyers, intended to counter a new generation of heavily armed destroyers that Germany was believed to be developing.
Description and History.
Mk I, of built-up wire-wound construction, went into service beginning in 1918 on destroyers of the new Admiralty type destroyer leader (Scott class) and Thornycroft type leader (Shakespeare class). Some saw service in World War I, but most entered service after the war ended.
It was also mounted on :
Mk II was a monobloc-barrel (i.e. single-piece, typical of small-medium World War II guns) gun of similar performance introduced in World War II to replace the worn-out Mk I guns on surviving ships.
These were the only BL-type 4.7 inch guns in British service, all others have been of the QF-type. They were superseded on new destroyers from 1930 by the 4.7 inch QF Mark IX.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20912840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912840" title="Austrostipa crinita">
Austrostipa crinita

Austrostipa crinita is a species of grass that grows in coastal parts of midwest Western Australia.
Description.
It is a tufted perennial bunchgrass from 40 centimetres to 70 centimetres in height. Flowers are yellow or brown. It reproduces asexually by short rhizomes.
Taxonomy.
It was first collected from Shark Bay in Western Australia by Charles Gaudichaud-Beaupré, botanist to the expedition of Louis de Freycinet. It was published by Gaudichaud-Beaupré in 1829 under the name "Stipa crinita". That name remained current until 1996, when the Australian species of "Stipa" were recognised as meriting their own genus. Thus "Austrostipa" was erected, and this and other species were transferred into it.
Distribution and habitat.
It occurs on sand and limestone in coastal areas of midwest Western Australia, including offshore islands such as those of the Houtman Abrolhos.

</doc>
<doc id="20912844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912844" title="The Eyes of Julia Deep">
The Eyes of Julia Deep

The Eyes of Julia Deep is a 1918 silent comedy-drama film starring Mary Miles Minter, directed by Lloyd Ingraham. The film is based on the short story by the same name, written by Kate L. McLaurin. It is one of the few films starring Minter which are known to have survived.
Plot.
Julia Deep is a young woman working behind the exchange desk at a department store. She usually serves as the clerk of wealthy and eccentric widows, such as Mrs. Lowe. She feels very lonely in the big city, until she notices books in the apartment of the star lodger in the building she lives in. The lodger, Terry Hartridge is the son of a wealthy man who is using his father's fortune to blaze a trail across the white lights of the city. He is spending his money carelessly and doesn't put any time in paying the bills, much to the dislike of the department store owner Timothy Black. These bills are delivered by the nobly Lottie Driscoll of the Robin Stock Company.
After a while, Terry's money spending takes its toll. He finds out he is broke and turns home depressed, trying to shoot himself. Meanwhile, Julia secretly went into his apartment to read books when he was out. She hides at first, but reveals herself when she catches him trying to kill himself. She tries to stop him and offers to be his business manager to help him spending money the right way. He takes her advice and with the help of Black, he lands into a low paying job at the department store. He neglects his job to flirt with Julia. Black discharges her, saying Terry has a career future and can't afford to go out with a shop girl.
Julia and Terry don't stop seeing each other at their building. Terry proposes, but Julia declines, explaining it would ruin his career. Soon, Terry is promoted to a foreman on a ship. Mrs. Lowe is angry to find out her favorite clerk has been fired and visits her. She offers her to be her personal secretary at her home, but Julia doesn't want to leave Terry and refuses the job offer. Later that day, Lottie sees Terry and Julia at the park and becomes jealous. After Terry has left, she starts to play an act she can't live without Terry and pretends she is trying to kill herself. Julia believes her and promises to give up her relationship with Terry, if Lottie doesn't kill herself.
Julia goes to live with Mrs. Lowe to serve as her secretary. Terry is swept away with her disappearance and visits her at Mrs. Lowe's mansion. She explains her reason of leaving him. Terry sees through Lottie's act and takes her to the theater, where Lottie is performing the same act on stage she performed at the park. She realizes what happened and reunites with him. They decide to elope, but are stopped by Mrs. Lowe and Black. They fight over who has the fault and are noticed by the local sheriff. He is fed up with their kibbering and decides to arrest the four of them.
They are locked into a room, where they eventually apologize. Julia and Terry escape, but the sheriff's help notices and runs after them. Meanwhile, it is revealed Mrs. Lowe and Black were once lovers. They reunite and escape as well to get married. In the ending, the sheriff realizes they don't belong in jail. After Mrs. Lowe and Black get a marriage license, they promise to give Julia and Terry a fancy wedding.

</doc>
<doc id="20912846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912846" title="Pierre Morel">
Pierre Morel

Pierre Morel (born 12 May 1964) is a French cinematographer and film director, best known for directing "District 13", "From Paris with Love" and "Taken",
Movie career.
After spending his formative years in cinema school, Pierre Morel debuted in 2000 as camera operator with the first Richard Berry's film "L'Art (délicat) de la séduction".
The next year, he began a career as cinematographer, working with such directors as Louis Leterrier, Corey Yuen, Nancy Meyers, Alek Keshishian, Luc Besson and Phillip Atwell. At the same time, he directed his first film "District 13" in 2004, followed by "Taken" in 2008 and "From Paris with Love", in 2010.
Morel was attached to Paramount's planned remake of Frank Herbert's "Dune" but left the project before it was cancelled. He is also set to direct the action film "The Gunman" starring Sean Penn, Javier Bardem and potentially Idris Elba.

</doc>
<doc id="20912850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912850" title="Pat Howard (footballer)">
Pat Howard (footballer)

Patrick "Pat" Howard (born 7 October 1947) is an English former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Born in Dodworth, Barnsley, South Yorkshire, Howard made more than 500 appearances in the Football League. He started his career at Barnsley, spending seven seasons there before signing for Newcastle United in 1971. He reached the 1974 FA Cup Final with the Magpies, and was signed by Arsenal for £40,000 in September 1976. He made his debut against West Ham United on September 11, 1976, but did not settle at the club and after less than a year he was transfer listed with just 20 Arsenal appearances, without a single goal to his name.
He moved to Birmingham City in August 1977, and after two seasons there finished his career in English football with a three-year stint at Bury, retiring in 1982. He also spent the 1978 North American Soccer League season playing for Portland Timbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20912865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912865" title="List of Bengali films of 2009">
List of Bengali films of 2009

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20912868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912868" title="H&amp;BR Class F2">
H&amp;BR Class F2

The H&BR Class F2 (LNER Class N12) was a class of 0-6-2T steam locomotives of the Hull and Barnsley Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20912871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912871" title="List of Emmerdale characters (2006)">
List of Emmerdale characters (2006)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2006, by order of first appearance.
Samson Dingle.
Samson Dingle is the son of Sam and Alice Dingle. He has appeared since 2006.
After discovering she is pregnant, Alice falls ill with cancer. She is advised to terminate the pregnancy to start chemotherapy immediately, but she refuses to abort. She gives birth prematurely and the baby is named Samson. He is rushed to intensive care before Alice gets a chance to bond with him. After stopping the chemotherapy because it is not working, Alice dies on 31 July 2006.
After Alice's death, Sam vows to bring up Samson on his own and moves into his own cottage. However, he finds it difficult to cope and someone calls social services. He wants to continue bringing up Samson on his own. On 15 January 2008, Samson is knocked down by Val Lambert in her jeep. He soon recovers, but Sam goes on the run with Samson because he is worried he will be taken away from him. An arrangement is later made and Sam is allowed to keep Samson. He later moves back in with his family.
Vonda Lockhart.
Vonda Lockhart (Previously Hope) is Bob Hope's third wife. She appeared in 2006 and 2007.
Bob and Vonda, a show dancer in Las Vegas, met in 1994 on a cruise and drunkly got married aboard the ship. They divorced after the cruise. Unknown to Bob, Vonda fell pregnant and gave birth to Roxy, his fifth child. 
In 2006, when Bob is planning to re-marry Viv she wants to have all of his children there. They find out about Roxy, and she and Vonda come to the village for the wedding. In 2007, Vonda and Roxy return to the village when the former is doing a tour of Northern England decides that Roxy should spend some time with Bob. 
Roxy Lockhart.
Roxy Lockhart is the daughter of Bob Hope. She appeared in 2006 and 2007.
Bob does not know of Roxy's existence until near the time of his second marriage to Viv when Viv wants to have all his children there. He had married Roxy's mother Vonda when they were drunk on a cruise and they got a quick divorce. Vonda later gave birth without Bob knowing. Vonda and Roxy only stay for Bob's wedding. Roxy has done many beauty pageants back home in America.
The following year Vonda is employed to tour in the North of England, and decides that Bob and Roxy should spend some time together while she is working. However, Bob spends too much time with his new born twins, Cathy and Heath, and forgets to feed Roxy. When he does, she begins choking and Jimmy King performs the Heimlich Manoeuvre on Roxy and saves her. Vonda arrives after this and accues Bob of being a neglectful father. They leave shortly after and Bob gives Roxy a bracelet that belonged to his late daughter Dawn. Roxy returns to the village for Cathy and Heath's christening and is asked to be Cathy's godmother. She is annoyed, however, that she is not the only godmother and after Bob flees the Church, she tells him he is a loser. Vonda and Roxy then leave Emmerdale. Bob visits Roxy in 2008 as the two have since made up.
Owen Hartbourne.
Owen Hartbourne is the grandson of Pearl Ladderbanks. He appeared in 2006 and 2007.
Owen - who lives in Hong Kong - arrives in the village looking for his father, Frank Bernard. Pearl lies and tells him he is dead. However, when Owen wants to visit his grave, Pearl has to tell him that is father is alive but has been in prison for rape. Owen returns in May 2007 to help Pearl deal with the death of Len Reynolds.
Alasdair Sinclair.
Alasdair Charles Sinclair is Grayson Sinclair's brother. He appeared in 2006 and 2008.
Alasdair first appears in early 2006 as the fiance of Sadie King. His mother, Rosemary, tried to persuade him not to marry her but to no avail. On the wedding day, Sadie's former brother-in-law, Matthew King, gatecrashes the wedding and declares his love for Sadie. The wedding goes ahead, but Sadie soon leaves Alasdair for Matthew. Alasdair returns to the village several times, including for his mother's engagement to Tom King but then leaves to Dubai for work. On New Year's Day 2008, he arrives in the village for Rosemary's funeral.
Susie Carter.
Susie Carter was a servant of Rosemary Sinclair in Oakwell Hall. Susie is Polish and she was very loyal to Rosemary. Susie knew that Rosemary was broke. Rosemary attempted to recruit Susie to Home Farm. But there was Pearl. Susie left the village in December 2006.
Charles Vaughan.
Charles Vaughan is a friend of Tom King and the superintendent of the Emmerdale police station. He appeared from 2006 to 2009.
Vaughan first appears when his old friend Tom King is kidnapped by Cain Dingle and Sadie King. Tom later chooses Vaughan as his best man for his Christmas Day wedding to Rosemary Sinclair. Tom is murdered on his wedding day and after his death Vaughan becomes close to Tom's widow Rosemary. Tom's son, Matthew King, makes an unofficial complaint to DCI Barraclough, about their closeness. Barraclough then speaks to Vaughan, who realises that he should have a professional relationship only with Rosemary. 
After this investigation, Vaughan continues to appear as the senior police officer. He gets involved in 2008 when Donna Windsor-Dingle makes a complaint about PC Shane Doyle. He advises Donna not to make a formal complaint as it might affect her career. On 30 December 2008, Shane's body is found in a local lake. Early the next month he goes to the funeral of Matthew King.
David Brown.
David Brown is an estate agent. He appeared in 2006 and was played as a cameo role by Peter Alexander, who played Phil Pearce in the soap between 1986 and 1988.
David Brown is an estate agent who is in the Kings River Showhome when it collapses. He is standing near Noreen Bell when she opens a cupboard door and turns on a light, creating a spark which starts a series of explosions and the collapses of the house. After being retrieved from the house, David dies after paramedics fail to revive him. Noreen also dies.
Gilbert Duff.
Gilbert Duff is the cousin of Noreen Bell. He appeared in 2006.
Gilbert attends Noreen's funeral, and later her will reading, where he receives her thimble collections while Val Lambert get Noreen's money.
Peter Birch.
Peter Birch is Lily Butterfield's son. He appeared in 2006 and 2008.
For most of his life in believed he was the son of Edna Birch. However, in October 2006 he learns that Edna is his aunt and his mother is Lily Butterfield. When he was born, Lily was single and incapable of taking care of him so Edna and her husband Harold brought him up. Edna is forced to tell him the truth when she is blackmailed by Tom King. Peter takes this very badly and has no contact with Edna afterwards.
In September 2008, Peter reappears to secretly see Lily - without Edna's knowledge. He tells Lily that he is badly in debt, but Lily is unable to help. However, weeks later she and her colleagues win a car worth £15,000. Her offers Peter her share, £3000, but he makes her feel guilty and reluctantly gives Peter the ticket so he can claim the full £15,000. The missing ticket is soon noticed, and eventually Lily confesses to Edna what happened. Edna then asks Peter to return the money, but he refuses, so Edna takes the money out of her own savings so Lily can pay her colleagues back. She does not tell Lily that the money was hers, not Peter's - although she does not later find out.
Sandra Livesy.
Sandra Livesy is the second wife of Gordon Livesy.
She first appears in 2006 when Gordon brings Aaron, his son by Chas Dingle, to Emmerdale to visit Chastity. Sandra is pregnant and Aaron is unable to return home after being in contact with someone who had German measles. Sandra next appears in 2008 after Aaron is arrested. Chas goes to see Gordon and is told that Aaron had hit Sandra, leaving her with a black eye. Gordon refuses to take Aaron back after he is arrested.
Jenny Albright.
Jenny Albright is the friend of Victoria Sugden and Kayleigh Gibbs, played by close friends of Kirsha's Isabel Hodgins and Lily Jane Stead.
Kayleigh, Victoria and Jenny went to a nightclub after a woman gave Victoria tickets to go there. They got dressed up and told Victoria's father Jack that they were going out. They did not stay long as they spotted Victoria's adoptive brother Andy and a lot of other Emmerdale residents at the club. As they were leaving, Andy's lodger, Jo Stiles, saw them and told them about the dodgy people in the club but promised not to tell Jack that they had been there.
Bridget Burgess.
Bridget Burgess is Belle Dingle's teacher. She appeared in 2006 and 2007. She was played by Eileen O'Brien, who later re-appeared in Emmerdale in early 2013 as Beattie Dixon. 
Bridget first appears when she sends a letter to Belle's parents, Zak and Lisa Dingle, asking to see them. Belle intercepts the letter and persuades her uncle Shadrach to be her father. However, when they meet, Shadrach realises that she and him used to be an item. He tries to restart their relationship, but she is not interested. Bridget soon discovers that Shadrach is not Belle's father and sets up a meeting with Zak and Lisa, and tells them Belle is having behavioural problems. Zak and Lisa declare that Belle will start to behave but when she removes a security block on the computers, Bridget Burgess and the head teacher want to suspend Belle. This leads to an argument with Zak, and he removes Belle from the school. Bridget tries on several occasions to persuade Zak to let her return, but he refuses. 
Karen Williams.
Detective Sergeant Karen Williams is a police officer. She has appeared from 2006 to 2007 and from 2008 to 2009.
DS Williams is first seen investigating the Christmas Day murder of Tom King in 2006. The case against Tom's three sons Jimmy, Matthew and Carl eventually collapses although afterwards Carl confesses to the murder to his brothers. Later in 2007, Williams investigates the disappearance of Rosemary Sinclair, who is later found to have committed suicide in America. On 30 December 2008 she is called to a lake where a body has been found and she soon discovers it is the body of a colleague, PC Shane Doyle. She and DC Nick Henshall then lead the investigation into Shane's murder, and arrest and charge PC Ross Kirk with the murder but the case against him is later dropped. Later in January, Williams leads the search of the Dingles' house and arrests Eli Dingle for Shane's murder. She and DC Henshall later arrive in the village to find Jasmine Thomas and Debbie Dingle, who Eli revealed were Shane's killers. Jasmine runs away, but Debbie is arrested and later charged with murder. In early March, Jasmine returns and confesses to killing Shane in order to clear Debbie's name. Williams and Henshall interview her and she is later sentenced to four years imprisonment for manslaughter.
DCI Vikesh Dasari.
Detective Chief Inspector Vikesh Dasari is a local police officer. He appeared from 2006 to 2007.
Detective Inspector Dasari appears in the village, with his CID colleague DCI Grace Barraclough, following the death of Tom King. Barraclough is later taken off the case for getting too involved, and Dasari leads the investigation into Tom's murder. In July 2007, he is promoted to the rank of Detective Chief Inspector (DCI).

</doc>
<doc id="20912876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912876" title="S.H. Couch">
S.H. Couch

S.H. Couch, often known as simply Couch, was a Quincy, Massachusetts company founded in 1894. The company specialized in electrical devices including telephones, intercoms, and fire alarm systems. For a short time, the company was owned by Exide. Faraday's parent corporation purchased the company in 1977 and closed the Quincy, Massachusetts facility moving the factory and engineering group to Tecumseh, Michigan. Couch was well known for its fire alarm control units including the FABC-series and the advanced Fire-Voice high rise detection and evacuation signaling system, apartment building intercom/telephone systems, and Nurse Call intercom systems. Couch closed in 1985. Advanced Signal Corp of Randolph, MA purchased the remaining inventory and continued to support the line of products until 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20912890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912890" title="Gimpel fils">
Gimpel fils

Gimpel Fils is a London art gallery based at 30 Davies Street in Westminster just off Grosvenor Square. The gallery was founded by Charles and Peter Gimpel, sons of the celebrated Parisian art dealer, René Gimpel, author of the "Diary of an Art Dealer". Throughout its history it has maintained a commitment to contemporary British and International art. 
History.
Gimpel Fils was founded in November 1946. The first exhibition, "Five Centuries of French Painting", was based on the small part of René Gimpel's collection that had been sent to London before the Second World War. The bulk of his stock was lost in Paris.
During the 1950s and 60s Gimpel Fils was highly influential in its association with the avant-garde. It supported modern British artists, including those of the St Ives School, as well as rising American artists and French abstract painters of the School of Paris. Gimpel Fils represented many of the major artists of the time, including Barbara Hepworth and Ben Nicholson. Nicholson moved to Gimpel Fils from the Lefevre Gallery and stayed until the early 1960s. In supporting the next generation of artists emerging in this period it gave first exhibitions to Lynn Chadwick, Anthony Caro, Peter Lanyon and Alan Davie, while also being associated with a number of other British artists, including Louis le Brocquy, Ivon Hitchens, Gillian Ayres, Bernard Meadows, Kenneth Armitage and Robert Adams. From France Gimpel Fils represented the likes of Marie Laurencin, Pierre Soulages, Nicolas de Staël, Serge Poliakoff and Yves Klein, as well as working with American artists such as Marcel Duchamp, Alexander Calder, Willem de Kooning, Sam Francis and Larry Rivers, who had his first London exhibition at the gallery in 1962. An obituary of Peter Gimpel in The Independent newspaper suggested that: "Despite the rise of Marlborough Fine Art and stiff competition from the likes of the Redfern, Waddington and Hanover galleries, Gimpel Fils was for a time unrivaled in the range and quality of its artists."
The gallery continues to promote the work of that generation of artists, supporting the work of senior British painters such as Alan Davie and Albert Irvin, while also presenting retrospectives of 20th-century modern art. The contemporary programme has widened the range of work shown by the gallery and has developed to include artists such as Corinne Day, Andres Serrano, Callum Morton and Hannah Maybank.
Gimpel Fils was initially based, briefly, at 86 Duke Street, London, before moving to 50 South Molton Street, where the artist Louis Le Brocquy laid a mosaic in the entrance. It relocated to its present premises at 30 Davies Street in 1972. The gallery was refurbished in 2000. The refurbishment was inaugurated with an installation by Richard Wilson. 
The Gimpel family retained a strong interest in the running of the gallery. The current co-director is René Gimpel, son of Charles and a fourth generation of the Gimpel family to become an art dealer.

</doc>
<doc id="20912893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912893" title="Na dobre i na złe">
Na dobre i na złe

Na dobre i na złe (, "For better and for worse") is a Polish television medical drama series, broadcast on TVP2 since November 7, 1999. Currently in its 15th season and with over 520 episodes, it is the longest-running primetime drama on Polish TV. The show revolves around the lives of doctors and patients of a hospital in Leśna Góra near Warsaw.
"Na dobre i na złe" has been very popular among the viewers, despite recent criticism on its lack of originality. It won the "Telekamery" award (the most important television award in the Polish entertainment industry) for the best TV series in 2001, 2002 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20912894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912894" title="H&amp;BR Class F1">
H&amp;BR Class F1

The H&BR Class F1 (LNER Class N11) was a class of 0-6-2T steam locomotives of the Hull and Barnsley Railway. The locomotives were part of a batch built by Kitson & Co. for the Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway (LD&ECR), but the order was cancelled because the LD&ECR was unable to pay for them.

</doc>
<doc id="20912897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912897" title="27th parallel north">
27th parallel north

The 27th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 27 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 13 hours, 51 minutes during the summer solstice and 10 hours, 26 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 27° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20912903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912903" title="1995 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship">
1995 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship

The 1995 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the fourth edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship for women. It was held in Amstelveen, Netherlands from June 14 to June 25, 1995. In the final host Netherlands defeated reigning Olympic champion Spain after penalty strokes to clinch its third title.
Preliminary round.
Group A.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Group B.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Play-offs.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20912904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912904" title="Bullarto, Victoria">
Bullarto, Victoria

Bullarto is a town located in the Shire of Hepburn, Victoria, Australia. At the 2006 census, Bullarto had a population of 358.
Bullarto is 7 km south east of Daylesford on the Trentham road and is a potato growing district. The Bullarto railway station is the current terminus of the Daylesford Spa Country Railway rail motor tourist services.
A post office opened there in 1874 and used barred numeral number 855 cancel (rated RRRR - 4 to 12 examples considered to exist). Another post office was opened at the railway station from 1884 using numeral 1392.

</doc>
<doc id="20912915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912915" title="First Day High">
First Day High

First Day High is a 2006 comedy film starring Geoff Eigenmann, Jason Abalos, Maja Salvador, Gerald Anderson and Kim Chiu released under Star Cinema. The film is the movie adaptation of the Rexona First Day High TV commercial. The original actors in the commercial were also part of the cast.
Plot.
The film begins when Brainy Indy (Kim Chiu), MVP MJ2 (Gerald Anderson), Sosy Pre (Maja Salvador), Rebel Gael (Geoff Eigenmann) and Nice Guy Nathan (Jason Abalos) are college freshmen who enter FDH University, until they all got involved in the biggest mystery the university has ever encountered- the Basketball Water Contamination Accident.

</doc>
<doc id="20912916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912916" title="Commission on Federal Ethics Law Reform">
Commission on Federal Ethics Law Reform

Commission on Federal Ethics Law Reform was a commission established by executive order by President George H. W. Bush to review federal ethics laws, executive orders, and policies and to make recommendations to the president for legislative, administrative, and other reforms needed to ensure full public confidence in the integrity of all federal public officials and employees. 
Committee members:

</doc>
<doc id="20912940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912940" title="Hagavik">
Hagavik

Hagavik is a village in Os municipality, Norway. Its population is 1,653.

</doc>
<doc id="20912968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912968" title="Olivier Fillieule">
Olivier Fillieule

Olivier Fillieule is a political scientist and sociologist. Fillieule serves as Senior Researcher at CNRS Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CRPS Paris I Sorbonne), full-time Professor at the University of Lausanne, and Director of the Institute for Political and International Studies (IEPI).
In 1994, Fillieule and Nonna Mayer created the GERMM, study and research group of the French Political Science Association. The research group is currently directed by Eric Agrikoliansky, Fillieule and Mayer. It focuses on the transformation of militant repertoires and sociography in contemporary Europe, conducting annual workshops, invitations of foreign and French researchers, symposia, conferences, student tutoring, research activities and publications.
In September 2002,Fillieule created the Research Center on Political Action (CRAPUL) of the University of Lausanne. The group’s aim is to assist PhD students and young researchers through frequent workshops, symposia and conferences. It also has a focus on research. The Center has a strong international orientation. It addresses themes such as political socialization, protest activity, political participation, participation in political parties, trade unions and social movements, lobbying and interest groups. CRAPUL has grown ever since its creation in September 2002, especially regarding conferences, the launching of collective research projects and a new series in social sciences at a Swiss publisher.
Fillieule’s main fields of research and publication refer to social movements theories; sociology of militantism and political activism, interactionists approaches, commitment and disengagement; gender approaches to social movements and activism; collective behavior, demonstrations, maintenance of order, police and repression and protests and mobilizations against AIDS, therapeutical activism, commitment in vaccine trials.

</doc>
<doc id="20912984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912984" title="Somanass Waddhanawathy">
Somanass Waddhanawathy

Queen Somanass Waddhanawathy or Somanass Queen Waddhanawathy (; ; 1834–1852), was the first queen of Mongkut, though for only nine months. 
Princess Somanass was a daughter of Prince Laksananukhun (son of Nangklao) and Ngiu Suvarnadat. Since her father was "Phra Ong Chao", Somanass was destined to be "Mom Chao". However, Nangklao specially granted her the title of "Phra Ong Chao" i.e. princess. 
In 1851, upon his coronation, Mongkut married Princess Somanass, them she became the queen. In the same year she gave birth to a prince: Somdet Chaofa Somanass, but the prince shortly died. Queen Somanass herself died two months after.

</doc>
<doc id="20912988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20912988" title="Gunsmoke (film)">
Gunsmoke (film)

Gunsmoke is a 1953 western film directed by Nathan Juran and starring Audie Murphy alongside Susan Cabot, Paul Kelly, Charles Drake. "Gunsmoke" is a Technicolor film for action star and war hero Audie Murphy.
Plot.
Murphy stars as Reb Kittridge, a wandering hired gun who is hired to kill a rancher (played by Paul Kelly). The gunman has also fallen in love with the rancher's daughter (Susan Cabot). Reb mends his ways by the time "Gunsmoke" comes to a close.
Production.
The movie started filming in June 1952 under the title of Roughshod. It was the first of three Westerns Murphy made with Nathan Juran over two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20913022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913022" title="Loleta Didrickson">
Loleta Didrickson

Loleta A. Didrickson is the former Illinois Comptroller.
Didrickson was elected Comptroller in 1994, succeeding Democrat Dawn Clark Netsch, who was the Democratic nominee for Governor. Her Democratic opponent was State Senator Earlean Collins. Before being elected Comptroller, Didrickson served for three years, under Governor Jim Edgar, as the Director of the Illinois Department of Employment Security, before which she served eight years in the Illinois House of Representatives.
In 1998, Didrickson was a candidate for United States Senate, and was strongly supported in this bid by former Governor Edgar and former Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole, the latter serving as her national campaign chairman. In a heated primary, however, she was defeated by a more-conservative candidate, State Senator Peter Fitzgerald, who went on that year to defeat incumbent U.S. Senator Carol Moseley-Braun. Didrickson was succeeded as Comptroller by Democrat Dan Hynes.

</doc>
<doc id="20913026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913026" title="1991 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship">
1991 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship

The 1991 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the third edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship for women. It was held in Brussels, Belgium from May 1–10, 1991. England won the final against Germany, winning their first European title with the help of two goals from striker Jane Sixsmith.

</doc>
<doc id="20913033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913033" title="Brachyscome ciliaris">
Brachyscome ciliaris

Brachyscome ciliaris, commonly known as Variable Daisy, is a small bushy perennial herb with a prominent flower, which occurs throughout most of temperate Australia
Description.
It grows as a bushy perennial herb up to 45 centimetre in height. Flowers range from white to purple.
Taxonomy.
This species was first collected by Jacques Labillardière and published in his 1806 "Novae Hollandiae Plantarum Specimen" under the name "Bellis ciliaris". In 1832 Christian Friedrich Lessing transferred it into "Brachyscome", and the name has been "Brachyscome ciliaris" ever since. Because it is such a variable species, specimens have often been referred to new species, and hence this species has many taxonomic synonyms, among them: "Brachyscome drummondii" Walp., "Brachyscome ciliaris" var. "brachyglossa" Gauba, "Brachyscome dimorphocarpa" G.L.R.Davis, "Brachyscome billardierei" Benth. and "Brachyscome ciliaris" var. "lanuginosa" (Steetz) Benth..
Three varieties are recognised:
Distribution and habitat.
Geographically speaking, it is very widely distributed, occurring in every Australian state. It is somewhat restricted in terms of habitat, however, favouring red earths and grey sands over limestone or clay, in disturbed areas and on the margins of salt pans.

</doc>
<doc id="20913034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913034" title="Continuation car">
Continuation car

A continuation car is a special type of replica of a vehicle no longer in production by the original automaker. These cars are built according to the original standards and blueprints, although sometimes the term is also used to refer to vehicles featuring different mechanical parts (more modern engines, for instance). Continuations of the Ford GT40 and AC Cobra are relatively common, though expensive, due to the manual labor involved in production. The first continuation car was probably the Avanti II.

</doc>
<doc id="20913062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913062" title="Darleen Ortega">
Darleen Ortega

Darleen Ortega (born 1962) is an American attorney and judge in the state of Oregon. A native of California, she has served on the Oregon Court of Appeals since 2003. She is the first woman of Hispanic heritage and the first woman of color to serve on that court.
Early life.
Darleen Ortega was born Darleen Mock in Montebello, California, to a Caucasian father and Mexican-American mother. She grew up in the Los Angeles area until age 10 when her family moved to Banks, Oregon, west of Portland. There she graduated from Banks High School in 1980 as a valedictorian. She went on to college at George Fox College (now George Fox University) in Newberg, Oregon. Graduating in 1984, she earned a bachelor of arts degree in writing and literature while earning summa cum laude honors.
Ortega then married, becoming Darleen Darnall, and enrolled at the University of Michigan Law School. She graduated in 1989 with her juris doctorate cum laude. After passing the bar, she entered private legal practice in Detroit, Michigan, and lived in Michigan with her husband until 1992. In 1992, Ortega returned to Oregon and began working at the Portland law firm of Bullivant Houser Bailey, remaining until 1995. She moved to another Portland firm, Davis Wright Tremaine, in 1995 where she remained until 2003, becoming partner in 1998. In 2002, she took her maternal grandparents' last name, Ortega. She has been active in the Oregon State Bar, served on the board of directors to the Oregon Adoption & Family Services as well as a center at Oregon Health & Science University and on the board for the Oregon Women Lawyers group (OWLS).
Political career.
On August 4, 2003, Oregon Governor Ted Kulongoski appointed her to the Oregon Court of Appeals to replace Rives Kistler who had been elevated to the Oregon Supreme Court. Ortega joined the court on October 13, 2003, and won election to a full six-year term on the court in 2004. She was the first woman of Hispanic heritage and the first woman of color to serve on the court. In 2005, she signed off on an opinion of the court that determined that under the Oregon Constitution, law enforcement must obtain a search warrant prior to searching trash placed on the curb for pick-up.

</doc>
<doc id="20913068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913068" title="2009 in the United Kingdom">
2009 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 2009 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20913071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913071" title="Hereford, Hay and Brecon Railway">
Hereford, Hay and Brecon Railway

The Hereford, Hay and Brecon Railway (HH&BR) was an early railway linking Hereford in England with Brecon in Wales.
Incorporation and early history.
The HH&BR was incorporated on 8 August 1859. The company planned to link its line with the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway but actually linked to the Newport, Abergavenny and Hereford Railway at Barton, Hereford. The HH&BR acquired the Hay Railway on 6 August 1860, but the Hay line was immediately divided between the Mid-Wales Railway (MWR) and the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway (B&MTJR).
Construction and early operations.
The section of line between Hereford and Moorhampton opened for goods traffic on 24 October 1862, with the section to Eardisley following on 30 June 1863. Further extensions of the line reached Hay-on-Wye on 11 July 1864 and Three Cocks Junction on 1 September 1864. Passenger train service from the HH&BR's Moorfields station in Hereford to Eardisley commenced on 30 June 1863 and passenger traffic to Hay began on 11 July 1864. The line extension to Brecon was opened for goods traffic on 1 September 1864 and for passenger trains on 21 September 1864.
Amalgamation with the Midland Railway.
The HH&BR attempted to amalgamate with the B&MTJR, but the Act of 5 July 1865 was ruled to be improperly processed and therefore illegal. The MWR therefore worked the line from 1 October 1868. The Midland Railway Company (MR) took over the HH&BR from 1 October 1869, leasing the line by an Act of 30 July 1874 and absorbing the HH&BR in 1876. The MR closed Hereford Moorfields station on 1 April 1874, thereafter trains used Hereford Barr's Court railway station (Hereford railway station from 1893). The MR was absorbed into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMSR) on 1 January 1923.
The line was closed, along with other lines serving Brecon, in 1962 - shortly before publication of the Beeching Report.

</doc>
<doc id="20913081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913081" title="Sakshigopal Temple">
Sakshigopal Temple

Sakshigopal Temple is a medieval temple dedicated to Lord Gopal located in the town of Sakshigopal on the Puri Bhubaneshwar highway in Odisha. The temple is built in the Kalinga style of temple architecture.
Origin of the Temple.
It is said that a poor young man of the village, which was named as Sakhigopal later, fell in love with the daughter of the village headman. However being of a higher economical status the headman opposed marriage between this young man and his daughter. The villagers went on a pilgrimage to Kashi including the headman and the young man. The village headman fell ill and was abandoned by fellow villagers. The young man tended to him so well that he soon got well and in gratitude promised his daughter in marriage to the young man. As soon as they returned to the village the headman went back on his promise asking the young man to produce a witness in support of his claim.
Lord Gopal impressed by the young man's devotion agreed to come and bear witness to the promise on one condition that the young man lead the way and he would follow, but the young man must never look back. He led the way to the Lord but near the village was a mound of sand on which as they passed, the man could not hear the Lord's footsteps and turned back. Immediately the Lord turned into a statue of stone rooted to the spot. The villagers were however so impressed that God himself came to back the young man's claim that the youngsters were married off and appointed as the first priests of the temple built in honor of Lord Gopal who came to bear witness known in Sanskrit as Sakshi.
Amla Navami.
The Temple is famous for celebrating the annual Amla Navami Festival(Amla=Gooseberry)(Navami=Ninth day in a lunar cycle).The festival is associated with the practice of touching of Radha's feet(Radha was the legendary lover of Lord Krishna).Legend has it that the temple was originally without a statue of Radha.But when a girl named Lakhmi claimed to be the incarnation of Radha,and it is believed that Lord Krishna(Here as Gopal) should not be without his true love Radha,a statue from northern India was installed here.The statue had originally Ghagra and Choli adorned but when it was clad on a traditional Saree of Odisha, the feet of the statue was visible and the priests took it for a holy sign.From that day Amla Navami is celebrated and Hindu pilgrims are allowed inside the temple to touch the Goddess's feet.
Daily Food Offerings
The food offerings at Sakhigopala temple are made of wheat instead of rice. This is one of exceptional offerings among the worshipping processes of Vishnu temples all over the world, which is called prasad.

</doc>
<doc id="20913087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913087" title="Kubicek Balloons">
Kubicek Balloons

Kubicek Balloons (in Czech "Balóny Kubíček" (pronounced "Koo-bee-check"), the complete official name "BALÓNY KUBÍČEK spol. s r.o.") is a Czech manufacturer of hot-air balloons and airships, the only one in Central and Eastern Europe and one of the biggest in the World. The factory is located in Brno, but the production goes worldwide.
History.
BALÓNY KUBÍČEK was founded in 1991 by Aleš Kubíček, the designer of first modern Czech hot-air balloon, made in 1983 in "Aviatik club" in Brno. Before founding his own company Aleš Kubíček made several balloons under wings of the company Aerotechnik Kunovice. Straight after the Velvet revolution, with plenty of experience of manufacturing balloons, he started his own privat company to manufacture lighter-than-air aircraft.
Today.
Kubicek Balloons is a limited company, mostly owned by the founder Aleš Kubíček. Its headquarters is on Francouzská 81 in Brno city centre, where balloons were originally made. But in 2005 their production moved to a completely new factory facility in Jarní 2a in Brno-Maloměřice, currently the most modern balloon factory in the World. The company has 30 employees (in 2008) and produces circa 90 balloons per year, making it the world’s 3rd largest manufacturer of hot air balloons.
As well as producing standard balloon envelopes in 28 types and sizes they also build baskets, burners and a plenty of man carrying specially shaped balloons for advertising purposes e.g. 38 metre tall flying bear, sea container DHL, St. Gallen cathedral and the green heart of Styria.
Kubicek Balloons holds quality certificates for design, production and maintenance meeting European standards of EASA and was it amongst the first hot-air balloon manufacturers to hold a European type certificate for hot-air balloons.
Kubicek balloons is the only European producer who uses the unique high-tenacity polyester balloon fabric for envelopes, and it is all manufactured ‘in house’ by its sister-company Textil Kubíček in Černá Hora near Brno.
Fixed-wing aircraft.
The company also produces the Kubicek M-2 Scout ultralight and light-sport aircraft, under the name "Kubicek Aircraft".

</doc>
<doc id="20913150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913150" title="Tylden railway station">
Tylden railway station

Tylden railway station, a former station on the Daylesford railway line in Victoria, Australia, was situated about 2.4 km to the east of Tylden township, near Central Road. The station opened at the same time as the Carlsruhe to Trentham section of the line on 16 February 1880, closing on or before 3 July 1978 when the line was closed.
The tracks have been dismantled and the station building has been removed or demolished, but a single platform embankment remains.
The station was 90.9 km from Spencer Street Station (Southern Cross railway station), via Carlsruhe.

</doc>
<doc id="20913153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913153" title="Ganger (band)">
Ganger (band)

Ganger were an alternative rock/post rock band from Glasgow, Scotland, with members who also played with Bis, Aereogramme, and Fukuyama.
History.
The band was formed in early 1995 by bass guitarists Graham Gavin and Stuart Henderson, along with drummer James A. Young, guitarist Lucy McKenzie, and Steven Clark (aka Sci-Fi Steven) of Bis on drums and keyboards. The band showed obvious influences from Krautrock bands such as Faust, Neu!, and Ash Ra Tempel, and their debut EP "Half Nelson" was released in 1996 on Glasgow label Vesuvius. Two further EPs followed that year, "The Cat's in the Bag...the Bag's in the River", and the Domino Records 'Series 500' release "Hollywood Loaf". Continuing on Domino, and now with Martin Allen replacing Clark and Caroline Kraabel added on saxophone, the band's debut album, "Fore", was issued in 1997, collecting tracks from the early singles. Henderson and Young then recruited a new line-up of Craig B (guitar, vocals) and Natasha Noramly (bass, formerly of Fukuyama), and released two more singles before second album "Hammock Style" in 1998, which saw comparisons with Tortoise and Slint, and was followed by a US tour with Mogwai. Craig B left to form Aereogramme, and after the band's third album, "Canopy", was recorded, the band split up.

</doc>
<doc id="20913156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913156" title="Cuttack Chandi Temple">
Cuttack Chandi Temple

The Katak Chandi Temple( in Oriya କଟକ ଚଣ୍ଡୀ ମନ୍ଦିର ) is an ancient temple dedicated to the Goddess Chandi, the presiding deity of Cuttack, Orissa. The temple is located nearby the banks of the Mahanadi River. It is famous for the annual Durga Puja and Kali Puja festivals. The Durga Puja festivities are prominent in Maa Katak Chandi temple which takes place for 16 days stating from dark fortnight of Ashwina Krishna Ashtami till Ashwina shukla navami and Vijayadashami. The goddess popularly called as Maa Katak Chandi, sits and rules on the heart of the ancient city. She has four hands holding Paasha (noose), Ankusha (goad), gestures dispelling fear (Abhaya), and granting boon (Varada). She is worshiped as BhuvaneshvariMahavidya (the queen of universe) by Sevayatas belonging to Utkala Brahmins everyday. Maa Chandi is worshipped in various incarnations of Durga during the puja. In Cuttack, people strongly believe Maa Katak Chandi as 'The Living Goddess'.
Legend behind founding.
According to legend, the present piece of land, where the holy temple is located, was lying fallow before. Late Sri Hansa Panda, who happens to be the Purohit of the then King of Kanika, used to graze cattle’s and sheep’s in the land. One day Sri Panda was feeling tired and took rest on a heap of dry mud present there. While taking rest, he experienced a strange unusual feeling within himself. Surprisingly on the same night, The Goddess “Chandika” appeared in his dream and requested him to take her out of the land.
There after he went to the King and told everything about the strange experience he had that night. With the help of the king, Late Hansa Panda dug up the same piece of land. It is being said that around forty numbers bullock carts of Red Sindoor came out while digging and then emerged The Deity of Maa Katak Chandi. Then the temple was built on the same land. Here in Cuttack, the residents strongly believe Maa Katak Chandi as The Living Goddess. The temple of Maa Katak Chandi, the presiding deity of the city is visited by hundreds of devotees everyday. The image of the deity is older than the temple. It is believed that she was the family deity of Gajapati Kingdom in the medieval age, due to non-Hindu attacks she was buried while the kings migrated to Puri.
History.
Late Sri Hansa Panda started worshiping the Deity with utmost Niti, Nistha, and Sraddha. As per the scriptures related to Goddess Chandika or Bhuvaneshwari has four hands, showing weapons and gestures as Paasa, Ankusha, Abhaya, Varada. She is worshipped as Bhuvaneswari while chanting Bhuvaneswari Mantra. 
After Late Sri Hansa Panda, his only son Late Sri Lakshmana Panda started worshipping The Goddess in the same process and procedure. He was blessed with four daughters, named Champa, Tulasi, Mali and Malati. Those daughters were also helping their father Late Sri Lakshmana Panda, in the rituals (Seva Puja) of the Deity. Late Lakshmana panda always prayed Maa Chandi to have a son and after praying so many days, he was blessed with a son, named Sri Dayanidhi Panda, who also followed the footprint of his predecessors. The temple came to lime light during Sri Dayanidhi Panda. Number of devotees increased during his period. He has six sons, who are presently performing rituals (seva puja) of deity. They are namely Sri Narayan Panda, Sri Narahari Panda, Sri Somnath Panda, Sri Chakradhar Panda, Sri Loknath Panda and Sri Ratnakar Panda.
The above hereditary sevaks along with their fourteen sons are presently performing the Seva Puja (Rituals) in the Temple. The fourteen sons are Jagabandhu, Dinabandhu, Bikram, Gopal, Sarat Kumar, Sukhadeva, Bhagadeba, Manoj, Trilochan, Susant, Biswaranjan, Ramachandra, Pramod, Ranjit. 
Present Status of the Land of the Deity.
Raja Shriman Shailendra Narayan Bhanjadeo of Kanika was declared as Hereditary Trustee by High Court, while Dayanidhi Panda’s family vested as Hereditary Sevaka.
Again, the Honorable High Court gave the order to frame a scheme for the temple. Now the institution of Kataka Chandi is managed under the said scheme. The management board comprises reputed persons of the locality along with top government officials for the management of the holy institution. One Executive Officer has been appointed by the commissioner to look after the functions of the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="20913188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913188" title="Matchless Model X">
Matchless Model X

The Matchless Model X is a Matchless motorcycle made from 1929 to 1940. There were yearly modifications and in 1937 the Model X was completely redesigned as a fast touring motorcycle. Production ended with outbreak of World War II.
Development.
The Matchless Model X was developed for V-twin enthusiasts and had a specially reinforced rear frame for heavy-duty sidecar work. At the end of 1936 the Model X was upgraded and rebranded the "Sports Tourist", with a shorter wheelbase frame which improved roadholding and steering. "The Motor Cycle" road tested the Model X in May 1937 and noted that the steering was light but even when cruising at over it did "not become so light as to necessitate-use of the damper." Performance of the engine was described as "delightful" and although not a sportster it was capable of and could reach from a standing start in a quarter of a mile.
Brough Superior.
In the lead up to World War II Brough Superior began using 990 cc Matchless V-twin side valve engines for their SS80 and overhead-valve engines for the SS100. 

</doc>
<doc id="20913196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913196" title="Bow River Falls">
Bow River Falls

Bow River Falls is the 22nd album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Koch label in 2004 and features performances by Douglas, Louis Sclavis, Peggy Lee, and Dylan van der Schyff.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Matt Collar awarded the album 4 stars stating ""Bow River Falls" is a highly rewarding listen and ranks with the best of Douglas' recordings". 

</doc>
<doc id="20913204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913204" title="Change-making problem">
Change-making problem

The change-making problem addresses the following question: how can a given amount of money be made with the least number of coins of given denominations? It is a knapsack type problem, and has applications wider than just currency.
Mathematical definition.
Given a set of integer coin values {"w"1, "w"2, ..., "w""n"} where "w"1 = 1 and "w""j" < "w""j"+1 for 1 ≤ "j" ≤ "n" − 1, and a positive integer "W", find a set of non-negative integers {"x"1, "x"2, ..., "x""n"} which minimize
subject to
Non currency examples.
An application of change-making problem can be found in computing the ways one can make a nine dart finish in a game of darts.
Methods of solving.
Dynamic programming.
Making a list of ways to make each amount from one upwards (an example of a dynamic programming method)
Greedy method.
In the US (and most other) coin systems, a greedy algorithm of picking the largest denomination of coin which is not greater than the remaining amount to be made will always produce the optimal result. This is not automatically the case, though: if the coin denominations were 1, 3 and 4, then to make 6, the greedy algorithm would choose three coins (4,1,1) whereas the optimal solution is two coins (3,3).
Related problems.
The "optimal denomination problem"
is a problem for people who design entirely new currencies:
What denominations should be chosen for the coins
in order to minimize the average cost of making change --
i.e., the average number of coins needed to make change?
The version of this problem assumed that the people making change will use the minimum number of coins
(from the denominations available).
One variation of this problem assumes that the people making change will use the "greedy algorithm" for making change, even when that requires more than the minimum number of coins.
Most current currencies use a 1-2-5 series,
but some other set of denominations would require fewer denominations of coins or a smaller average number of coins to make change or both.

</doc>
<doc id="20913246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913246" title="Scarlett Johansson">
Scarlett Johansson

Scarlett Johansson (born November 22, 1984) is an American actress, model and singer. She made her film debut in "North" (1994) and was later nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead for her performance in "Manny & Lo" (1996), garnering further acclaim and prominence with roles in "The Horse Whisperer" (1998) and "Ghost World" (2001). She shifted to adult roles with her performances in "Girl with a Pearl Earring" (2003) and Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation" (2003), for which she won a BAFTA award for Best Actress in a Leading Role; both films earned her Golden Globe Award nominations as well. A role in "A Love Song for Bobby Long" (2004) earned Johansson her third Golden Globe for Best Actress nomination. Johansson garnered another Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress with her role in Woody Allen's "Match Point" (2005). She has played the Marvel comic book character Black Widow/Natasha Romanoff in "Iron Man 2" (2010) and "The Avengers" (2012), and is set to reprise the role in ' (2014) and ' (2015). The 2010 Broadway revival of Arthur Miller's "A View From the Bridge" won Johansson the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play. As a singer, Johansson has released two albums, "Anywhere I Lay My Head" and "Break Up".
Johansson is also considered one of Hollywood's modern female sex symbols, and has frequently appeared in published lists of the sexiest women in the world, most notably when she was named the "Sexiest Woman Alive" by "Esquire" magazine in both 2006 and 2013 (the only woman to be chosen for the title twice), and the "Sexiest Celebrity" by "Playboy Magazine" in 2007.
Early life.
Scarlett Johansson was born in New York City on November 22, 1984. Her father, Karsten Johansson, is a Danish-born architect originally from Copenhagen, and her paternal grandfather, Ejner Johansson, was a screenwriter and director. Her mother, Melanie Sloan, a producer, comes from an Ashkenazi Jewish family from the Bronx. Sloan's ancestors emigrated to New York from Minsk, Tsarist Russia. She has an older sister, Vanessa, also an actress; an older brother, Adrian; a twin brother, Hunter (who appeared with her in the film "Manny & Lo"); and an older half-brother, Christian, from her father's first marriage.
Johansson grew up in a household with "little money", and with a mother who was a "film buff". She and her brother, Hunter, attended P.S. 41 in the upper-middle-class Greenwich Village neighborhood, in Manhattan, for elementary school. Johansson began her theatrical training by attending and graduating from Professional Children's School in Manhattan in 2002.
Acting career.
Early roles.
Johansson began acting during childhood, after her mother started taking her to auditions. She made her film debut at the age of 9, as John Ritter's daughter in the 1994 fantasy comedy, "North". Following minor roles in the 1995 film "Just Cause", as the daughter of Sean Connery and Kate Capshaw, and "If Lucy Fell" in 1996, she played the role of Amanda in "Manny & Lo" (1996). Her performance in "Manny & Lo" garnered a nomination for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Lead Female, and positive reviews, one noting, "film grows on you, largely because of the charm of ... Scarlett Johansson", while "San Francisco Chronicle" critic Mick LaSalle commentated on her "peaceful aura", and wrote, "If she can get through puberty with that aura undisturbed, she could become an important actress."
After appearing in minor roles in "Fall" and "Home Alone 3" in 1997, Johansson garnered widely spread attention for her performance in the 1998 film "The Horse Whisperer", directed by Robert Redford. She received a nomination for the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Most Promising Actress for the film. In 1999, she appeared in "My Brother the Pig" and in 2001 in the neo-noir Coen brothers film "The Man Who Wasn't There". Also in 1999, she appeared in the music video for Mandy Moore's single, "Candy". Although the film was not a box office success, she received praise for her break-out role in "Ghost World" (2001). Credited with "sensitivity and talent belie her age", She won the Toronto Film Critics Association Awards for Best Supporting Actress and was nominated for the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 2002, she appeared in "Eight Legged Freaks".
Transition to adult roles.
Johansson made the transition from teen roles to adult roles, with two roles in 2003. In the Sofia Coppola film "Lost in Translation", she played Charlotte, a listless and lonely young wife, opposite Bill Murray. Roger Ebert wrote that he loved the film and described the performances of Johansson and Murray as "wonderful." "Entertainment Weekly" wrote of Johansson's "embracing, restful serenity," and the "New York Times" said, "At 18, the actress gets away with playing a 25-year-old woman by using her husky voice to test the level of acidity in the air ... Ms. Johansson is not nearly as accomplished a performer as Mr. Murray, but Ms. Coppola gets around this by using Charlotte's simplicity and curiosity as keys to her character." Johansson won the BAFTA Award and the Boston Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress and was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress. She received nominations from a number of film critic organizations, including the Broadcast Film Critics Association, and the Chicago Film Critics Association,
At age 18, Johansson played Griet in Peter Webber's "Girl with a Pearl Earring". While noting, "Audiences feel as if they are spying on a moment of artistic inspiration when painter Vermeer creates the title work", "USA Today" praised her, suggesting, " is having a banner year that Oscar voters should recognize." In his review for "the New Yorker", Anthony Lane said, "What keeps Webber's movie alive is the tenseness of the setup ... and, above all, the presence of Johansson. She is often wordless and close to plain onscreen, but wait for the ardor with which she can summon a closeup and bloom under its gaze; this is her film, not Vermeer's, all the way." Owen Gleiberman, for "Entertainment Weekly", wrote of her "nearly silent performance", observing, "The interplay on her face of fear, ignorance, curiosity, and sex is intensely dramatic." She was nominated for the Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Drama and the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. She was nominated by the London Film Critics' Circle, the Phoenix Film Critics Society.
Johansson was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, in June 2004. The same year, she had voice or onscreen roles in five films: the "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie"; "A Good Woman", an adaptation of Oscar Wilde's "Lady Windermere's Fan", which had a limited U.S. release, and was both a box office and critical failure, described by the "New York Times" as a "misbegotten Hollywood-minded screen adaptation" with "an excruciating divide between the film's British actors (led by Tom Wilkinson and Stephen Campbell Moore), who are comfortable delivering Wilde's aphorisms ... and its American marquee names, Helen Hunt and Scarlett Johansson, have little connection to the English language as spoken in the high Wildean style"; the critically panned teen heist film, "The Perfect Score", the romantic comedy "In Good Company", a critical and box office success; and, finally, the dark, Southern drama, "A Love Song for Bobby Long", for which she earned her a third Golden Globe for Best Actress nomination.
2005–07.
In July 2005, Johansson starred, with Ewan McGregor, in Michael Bay's science fiction film, "The Island", in dual roles as Sarah Jordan and her clone, Jordan Two Delta. The film was a commercial failure and received mixed critical reviews. In contrast, her role as Nola, the American actress with whom Chris (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) is obsessed, in the Woody Allen-directed drama "Match Point", was well received. The "New York Times" said, "Ms. Johansson and Mr. Rhys-Meyers manage some of the best acting seen in a Woody Allen movie in a long time, escaping the archness and emotional disconnection that his writing often imposes." Mick LaSalle, writing in the "San Francisco Chronicle", said, "is a powerhouse from the word go", and, "[Her performance borders on astonishing." Johansson received her fourth Golden Globe nomination, and one from the Chicago Film Critics Association, for Best Supporting Actress.
In another collaboration with Allen, she was cast opposite Hugh Jackman and Allen in the 2006 film, "Scoop". While the film enjoyed a modest worldwide box office success, it received mixed reviews by critics. The same year, she appeared in Brian De Palma's "The Black Dahlia", a film noir shot in Los Angeles and Bulgaria. Johansson later said she was a De Palma fan and had wanted to work with him on the film, even though she thought that she was "physically wrong" for the part.
Johansson next had a supporting role in the Christopher Nolan thriller "The Prestige" (2006), again opposite Hugh Jackman, as well as Christian Bale. Nolan, who described Johansson as possessing an "ambiguity... a shielded quality", said he was "very keen" for her to play the role. Johansson said, "loved working with [Nolan", and he was "incredibly focused and driven and involved, and really involved in the performance in every aspect." The film was both a critical and a worldwide box office success, recommended by the "Los Angeles Times" as "an adult, provocative piece of work." Also in 2006, Johansson starred in a short film directed by Bennett Miller and set to Bob Dylan's "When the Deal Goes Down...", released to promote Dylan's album, "Modern Times".
Johansson starred in 2007's "The Nanny Diaries", alongside Laura Linney. The film performed only marginally well at the box office, and was critically panned. Johansson's reviews were mixed, with "Variety" saying, " essays an engaging heroine", while "The New Yorker" criticized her for looking "merely confused" while "trying to give the material a plausible emotional center".
2008–present.
In 2008, she starred in "The Other Boleyn Girl", with Natalie Portman and Eric Bana, a film which garnered mixed reviews. Writing for "Rolling Stone", Pete Travers criticized the film for " in frustrating herks and jerks", but was more positive in his assessment of Johansson and Portman, and wrote, "What works is the combustible teaming of Natalie Portman and Scarlett Johansson, who give the Boleyn hotties a tough core of intelligence and wit, swinging the film's sixteenth-century protofeminist issues handily into this one." "Variety" credited the cast as "almost flawless ... at the top of its game", citing "Johansson's quieter Mary ... as the pic's emotional center, her tender love story with the conflicted monarch evoking the only genuine feelings on display."
She filmed her third Woody Allen film, "Vicky Cristina Barcelona", in Spain, appearing opposite Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz. The film was one of Allen's most profitable and appeared on many critics' top ten lists of the best films of 2008.
Johansson played the femme fatale Silken Floss in Frank Miller's film noir, comedy adaptation of "The Spirit". The film, described as "a great-looking movie with an awkward balance of pulp noir and campy self-awareness" and "style without substance, style whirling in a senseless void", received mostly poor reviews.
Johansson appeared in the role of Anna, a yoga instructor, in the 2009 ensemble cast of "He's Just Not That into You", with Jennifer Connelly, Bradley Cooper, Drew Barrymore and Kevin Connolly. The film was a box office success but only gained average critical reception. The "San Francisco Chronicle" review notes, "film never soars, but it never flags" yet lauds Johansson, saying, "She has become a deft comic actress." The "Los Angeles Times" calls the film an "anti-romantic romantic comedy" and cites the scenario in which Johansson appears with Jennifer Connelly and Bradley Cooper as having "more meat than others", making it "one of the best." The "Baltimore Sun" criticized the film, but praised Johansson for "proving she doesn't need Woody Allen to be funny."
In March 2009, Johansson signed on to play Natalia Romanova/Natasha Romanoff, aka "The Black Widow" in "Iron Man 2" after Emily Blunt turned down the role. The film was released in May 2010.
Appearing at San Diego Comic-Con on July 26, 2009, Johansson joked about her audition for the film, saying it consisted of "a couple of deep knee bends and lunges", but Favreau credited her with performing her own stunts: "All the fighting and wire work is her own. She worked really hard and it shows on the screen." "Iron Man 2" was a box office success and received mostly positive reviews from critics. In 2011, Johansson played the role of Kelly, a zookeeper in the family film "We Bought a Zoo". The film gained mainly favorable reviews. Calvin Wilson of "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" wrote that Johansson "brings to Kelly just the right blend of spunkiness and hard-won maturity." Johansson reprised the role of Natasha Romanoff in "The Avengers" in 2012. "The Avengers" received positive reviews and was highly successful at the box office, becoming the third highest-grossing film both in the United States and worldwide.
In November 2010, she was cast in the film adaptation of Michel Faber's novel "Under the Skin", directed by Jonathan Glazer, appearing in a role which required full frontal nudity. In November 2011, it was reported she plans to make her directional debut by adapting Truman Capote's novel, "Summer Crossing" whose screenplay will be written by playwright Tristine Skyler. Production on the film is slated to begin in the first half of 2014. In early March 2012, it was announced that Johansson had been cast as Janet Leigh in the Sacha Gervasi-directed film "Hitchcock", a behind-the-scenes drama about the making of Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 film "Psycho". Released in November 2012, "Hitchcock" received mixed to positive reviews. Roger Ebert wrote that Johansson "as Janet Leigh, doesn't look a lot like the original but projects her spunk, intelligence and sense of humor."
Johansson received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on May 2, 2012 located at 6931 Hollywood Blvd., in front of Madame Tussauds Hollywood wax museum.
In 2012, Johansson was cast in Joseph Gordon-Levitt's directorial debut, "Don Jon". The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and had its wide release in September 2013. "Don Jon" received positive reviews. Johansson's performance was praised by critics; Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" wrote that "Johansson, fearlessly tackling a role with sharp edges, is dynamite" while Claudia Puig of "USA Today" stated that she "gives one of her best performances as the bossy, gum-chewing Jersey girl". Also in 2013, Johansson voiced the character Samantha, an intelligent computer operating system, in the Spike Jonze film "Her". She replaced Samantha Morton in the role. The film received critical acclaim upon release with Johansson's performance being well-received among critics.
Johansson's next project will be reprising her role as Black Widow in "", alongside frequent co-star Chris Evans as the title character. Her involvement was confirmed in October 2012.
Theatre.
Johansson made her first stage appearance in the Off Broadway play "Sophistry". In January 2010, following previews that began December 28, 2009, Johansson made her debut on Broadway, as Catherine Carbone in the drama "A View from the Bridge", written by Arthur Miller and directed by Gregory Mosher. Liev Schreiber played opposite her. Johansson won the 2010 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Play for her role in the play. Her win received some backlash from critics and seasoned Broadway actors who felt she was undeserving of the award.
Johansson starred as Maggie in a Broadway revival of "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" beginning January 17, 2013. Her performance received mixed reviews from critics. Thom Geier, writing for "Entertainment Weekly", wrote, "Scarlett Johansson brings a fierce fighting spirit to Maggie the Cat in director Rob Ashford's languorous revival ... Johansson shows a winning determination – to lure back her husband, to defend their share of his family's fortune, to maintain a sometimes shaky Southern accent." On the other hand, reviewer Joe Dziemianowicz ("The Daily News") called her performance "alarmingly one-note".
Endorsements.
Johansson has appeared in advertising campaigns for Calvin Klein, L'Oréal and Louis Vuitton, and has been the face of Spanish brand Mango since 2009. After appearing at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute Gala with Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana, Johansson was announced as the face of the new Dolce & Gabbana make-up collection in early 2009. She made a personal appearance at the London store, Selfridges, on July 31, 2009, to help launch and promote the line. Johansson was also the first Hollywood celebrity to become an ambassador for a Champagne House, after she became the spokesperson for Moët & Chandon and appeared in various advertisements and events for the brand. In January 2014, the Sodastream home-carbonation system announced Johannson as its first brand ambassador.
Music career.
In 2005, Johansson was considered for the role of Maria in Andrew Lloyd Webber's West End revival of "The Sound of Music", though the role ultimately went to newcomer Connie Fisher (winner of the BBC talent show "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?") Released on May 8, 2006, Johansson sang the track "Summertime" for "Unexpected Dreams – Songs From the Stars", a non-profit collection of songs recorded by Hollywood actors. She performed with The Jesus and Mary Chain for a special Coachella Reunion Show in Indio, California in April 2007.
In 2007, Johansson appeared as the leading lady in Justin Timberlake's music video, for "What Goes Around... Comes Around", which was nominated in August 2007 for video of the year at the MTV Video Music Awards. In mid-2007, she spent about a month in Maurice, Louisiana recording an album at Dockside Studio. The album, consisting of one original song and ten cover versions of Tom Waits songs, was produced by Dave Sitek of TV on the Radio and features David Bowie, members from the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Celebration. Released on May 20, 2008, it was entitled "Anywhere I Lay My Head". Reviews of the album were mixed, or average. "Spin" commented, "There's nothing particularly compelling about Scarlett Johansson's singing." Conversely, some critics found it to be "surprisingly alluring", "a bravely eccentric selection", and "a brilliant album" with "ghostly magic". The album was named the "23rd best album of 2008" by "NME" and peaked at No.1 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart and No. 126 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. Of her album, Johansson said, "I had this golden opportunity to record and thought I would do maybe an album of standards, because I'm not a songwriter. I'm a vocalist." Johansson said for her recording she "wanted to have space and wanted to be in a remote place where all of us could just be ourselves and not worry about anyone trying to listen in or get in on that." Johansson said in an interview that she started listening to Tom Waits when she was 11 or 12 years old. Of Tom Waits, Johansson said in an interview, "His melodies are so beautiful, his voice is so distinct and I had my own way of doing Tom Waits songs." In December 2008, MTV reported Johansson planned to follow-up "Anywhere I Lay My Head" with an album of all original music, saying, "I don't think I'd do covers, so it'd be a project that I have to dedicate myself to. I feel like that's something for the future."
In 2009, Johansson covered Jeff Buckley's "Last Goodbye" for the soundtrack of "He's Just Not That into You". Released on September 8, 2009, she and singer/songwriter Pete Yorn recorded a collaborative album, "Break Up", inspired by Serge Gainsbourg's duets with Brigitte Bardot.
In 2010, Steel Train released "Terrible Thrills Vol. 1", which includes their favourite female artists singing songs from their self-titled album. Johansson is the first artist on the album, singing "Bullet".
In 2011, Johansson sang "One Whole Hour" for the soundtrack of the documentary film "Wretches & Jabberers".
In 2012, Johansson added her voice to a J. Ralph track entitled "Before My Time" to the end credits of the climate documentary "Chasing Ice". The song received a nomination from the Academy Awards in the "Best Original Song" category.
Sex symbol.
Johansson has frequently appeared in published lists of the sexiest women in the world. She has been described as a "peerless sex symbol" by Channel 4, Johansson appeared on the cover of the March 2006 issue of "Vanity Fair" in the nude alongside actress Keira Knightley and fashion designer Tom Ford. "Maxim" named Johansson No. 6 in their Hot 100 Issue in 2006, No. 3 in 2007,
Personal life.
Johansson celebrates a "little of both" Christmas and Hanukkah, and has described herself as Jewish.
Johansson dislikes the "ScarJo" nickname commonly used in reference to her, calling it "awful" and "terrible".
On September 14, 2011, the FBI announced it was investigating the alleged hacking of Johansson's cell phone and the dissemination of nude photographs of her. Johansson said the photos had been sent to her then-husband, Ryan Reynolds, three years prior to the incident. As a result of the investigation, Christopher Chaney of Jacksonville, Florida pleaded guilty to computer hacking. In addition to a prison sentence for Chaney, prosecutors are requesting that he pay Johansson about $66,000 in compensation.
Relationships.
From 2001–02, while Johansson attended the Professional Children's School, she dated classmate Jack Antonoff, who went on to become the guitarist for the band Fun. She dated her "Black Dahlia" co-star Josh Hartnett for about two years until the end of 2006, with Hartnett citing their busy lives as the reason for the split.
Johansson began dating Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds in 2007 and in May 2008 it was announced that they were engaged. On September 27, 2008, the couple married in a quiet ceremony near Tofino, British Columbia. They purchased a $2.8 million home together near Los Angeles. On December 14, 2010, the couple announced their separation. Their divorce was finalized on July 1, 2011.
In September 2013, Johansson became engaged to her boyfriend, Romain Dauriac, the owner of an independent advertising agency. The couple started dating in November 2012.
Activism.
Charity work.
In 2005, Johansson became a Global Ambassador for the aid and development agency Oxfam. In March 2008, a UK-based bidder paid £20,000 on an eBay auction to benefit Oxfam, winning a hair and makeup treatment, a pair of tickets and a chauffered trip to accompany Johansson on a 20-minute date to the world premiere of "He's Just Not That into You".
In January 2014, Johansson resigned from her Oxfam position after facing criticism for her promotion of SodaStream, whose main factory is based in Mishor Adumim, an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, as Oxfam opposes all trade with Israeli settlements. Johansson said she and Oxfam "have a fundamental difference of opinion in regards to the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement". In response to her resignation, Oxfam stated that it was "grateful for her many contributions ... helping to highlight the impact of natural disasters and raise funds to save lives and fight poverty".
Political advocacy.
Johansson is registered as an independent and campaigned for Democratic candidate John Kerry in the 2004 United States presidential election. About George W. Bush's 2004 reelection, she said, "am disappointed. I think it was a disappointment for a large percentage of the population."
Johansson also campaigned for Democratic candidate Barack Obama: Her efforts included appearances in Iowa during January 2008, where her efforts were targeted at younger voters; an appearance at Cornell College; and a speaking engagement at Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota on Super Tuesday, 2008. Johansson appeared in the 2008 music video for The Black Eyed Peas front man will.i.am's song, "Yes We Can", directed by Jesse Dylan, a song inspired by Obama's speech following the 2008 New Hampshire primary. On February 7, 2012, Johansson and Anna Wintour hosted a fashion launch of pro-Obama clothing, bags and accessories, with proceeds going to the President's re-election campaign. She addressed voters at the Democratic National Convention on September 6, 2012, calling for President Obama's reelection and for more engagement from young voters.
Johansson publicly endorsed and supported Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer's 2013 run for New York City Comptroller by hosting a series of fundraisers.

</doc>
<doc id="20913256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913256" title="Get Up Yourself">
Get Up Yourself

Get Up Yourself is an EP by Melbourne band Root!, released on August 23, 2008. It is both a follow up the band's previous release "Root Supposed He Was Out Of The Question" and a sample of the upcoming second album "Surface Paradise" (formerly "Root is the Money of All Evil"). The EP contains 3 tracks of Root!'s style of country and rock music and 1 track composed of a reworking of the title track featuring DC Root's signature ironic lyrics. It is an entirely spoken word track.
The band toured outside of Victoria for the first time in support of the release. Frontman DC was also interviewed on Triple J's popular breakfast show to promote the tour and EP. Whilst on air, he continually denied any link to Melbourne band TISM and also recited a poem about Stephanie Rice. Furthermore, a track titled 'Introducing Get Up Yourself' appeared on the band's MySpace page and featured brief samples from 'Get Up Yourself' and 'Get Up Yourself Part 2' as well as DC Root explaining the release and the aims of the songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20913273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913273" title="Baboon">
Baboon

Baboons are African and Arabian Old World monkeys belonging to the genus Papio, part of the subfamily Cercopithecinae. The five species are some of the largest nonhominoid members of the primate order; only the mandrill and the drill are larger. Previously, the closely related gelada (genus "Theropithecus") and the two species (mandrill and drill) of genus "Mandrillus" were grouped in the same genus, and these Old World monkeys are still often referred to as baboons in everyday speech. They range in size and weight depending on species. The Guinea baboon is 50 cm (20 in) and weighs only 14 kg (30 lb) while the largest chacma baboon can be 120 cm (47 in) and weigh 40 kg (90 lb).
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
Five species of "Papio" are commonly recognized, although there is some disagreement about whether they are really full species or subspecies. They are "P. ursinus" (chacma baboon, found in southern Africa), "P. papio" (western, red, or Guinea baboon, found in the far western Africa), "P. hamadryas" (hamadryas baboon, found in the Horn of Africa and southwestern Arabia), "P. anubis" (olive baboon, found in the north-central African savanna) and "P. cynocephalus" (yellow baboon, found in south-central and eastern Africa). Many authors distinguish "P. hamadryas" as a full species, but regard all the others as subspecies of "P. cynocephalus" and refer to them collectively as "savanna baboons". This may not be helpful: it is based on the argument that the hamadryas baboon is behaviorally and physically distinct from other baboon species, and that this reflects a separate evolutionary history. However, recent morphological and genetic studies of "Papio" show the hamadryas baboon to be more closely related to the northern baboon species (the Guinea and olive baboons) than to the southern species (the yellow and chacma baboons).
The traditional five-form classification probably under-represents the variation within "Papio". Some commentators argue that at least two more forms should be recognized, including the tiny Kinda baboon ("P. cynocephalus kindae") from Zambia, DR Congo, and Angola, and the gray-footed baboon ("P. ursinus griseipes") found in Zambia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, and northern South Africa. However, current knowledge of the morphological, genetic, and behavioral diversity within "Papio" is too poor to make any final, comprehensive judgment on this matter.
The five species of baboons in the genus "Papio" are:
Anatomy and physiology.
All baboons have long, dog-like muzzles, heavy, powerful jaws with sharp canine teeth, close-set eyes, thick fur except on their muzzles, short tails, and rough spots on their protruding buttocks, called ischial callosities. These calluses are nerveless, hairless pads of skin that provide for the sitting comfort of the baboon.
All baboon species exhibit pronounced sexual dimorphism, usually in size, but also sometimes in colour or canine development. Males of the hamadryas baboon species also have large white manes.
Behavior and ecology.
Baboons are terrestrial (ground dwelling) and are found in open savannah, open woodland and hills across Africa. Their diets are omnivorous, but mostly herbivorous, yet they eat insects and occasionally prey on fish, shellfish, hares, birds, vervet monkeys, and small antelopes. They are foragers and are active at irregular times throughout the day and night. They can raid human dwellings, and in South Africa, they have been known to prey on sheep and goats.
Baboons in captivity have been known to live up to 45 years, while in the wild their life expectancy is about 30 years.
Baboons are able to acquire orthographic processing skills, which form part of the ability to read.
Predators.
Their principal predators are humans, the Nile Crocodile, the lion, both the spotted and striped hyena, and the leopard. They are considered a difficult prey for the leopard, though, which is mostly a threat to young baboons. Large males will often confront them by flashing their eyelids, showing their teeth by yawning, making gestures, and chasing after the intruder/predator. Although they obviously aren't a prey species, Baboons have been killed by the black mamba. This usually occurs when a baboon accidentally rouses the snake.
Social systems.
Most baboons live in hierarchical troops. Group sizes vary between five and 250 animals (often about 50 or so), depending on specific circumstances, especially species and time of year. The structure within the troop varies considerably between hamadryas baboons and the remaining species, sometimes collectively referred to as savanna baboons. The hamadryas baboons often appear in very large groups composed of many smaller harems (one male with four or so females), to which females from elsewhere in the troop are recruited while they are still too young to breed. Other baboon species have a more promiscuous structure with a strict dominance hierarchy based on the matriline. The hamadryas baboon group will typically include a younger male, but he will not attempt to mate with the females unless the older male is removed.
Baboons can determine from vocal exchanges what the dominance relations are between individuals. When a confrontation occurs between different families or where a lower-ranking baboon takes the offensive, baboons show more interest in this exchange than those between members of the same family or when a higher-ranking baboon takes the offensive. This is because confrontations between different families or rank challenges can have a wider impact on the whole troop than an internal conflict in a family or a baboon reinforcing its dominance.
The collective noun for baboons is commonly "troop".
In the harems of the hamadryas baboons, the males jealously guard their females, to the point of grabbing and biting the females when they wander too far away. Despite this, some males will raid harems for females. Such situations often cause aggressive fights by the males. Visual threats are usually accompanied by these aggressive fights. This would include a quick flashing of the eyelids accompanied by a yawn to show off the teeth. Some males succeed in taking a female from another's harem, called a "takeover". In many species, infant baboons are taken by the males as hostages during fights.
Mating and birth.
Baboon mating behavior varies greatly depending on the social structure of the troop. In the mixed groups of savanna baboons, each male can mate with any female. The mating order among the males depends partially on their social ranking, and fights between males are not unusual.
There are, however, more subtle possibilities; in mixed groups, males sometimes try to win the friendship of females. To garner this friendship, they may help groom the female, help care for her young, or supply her with food. The probability is high that those young are their offspring. Some females clearly prefer such friendly males as mates. However, males will also take infants during fights to protect themselves from harm.
A female initiates mating by presenting her swollen rump to the male's face.
Females typically give birth after a six-month gestation, usually to a single infant. The young baboon weighs approximately 400 g and has a black epidermis when born. The females tend to be the primary caretaker of the young, although several females will share the duties for all of their offspring.
After about one year, the young animals are weaned. They reach sexual maturity in five to eight years. Baboon males leave their birth group, usually before they reach sexual maturity, whereas females are philopatric and stay in the same group their whole lives.
Relationship with humans.
In Egyptian mythology, Babi was the deification of the hamadryas baboon and was therefore a sacred animal. It was known as the attendant of Thoth, so is also called the Sacred Baboon.
Diseases.
Herpesvirus papio family of viruses and strains infect baboons. Their effects on humans are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20913280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913280" title="12th Chief Directorate">
12th Chief Directorate

The 12th Chief (or "Main") Directorate of the Ministry of Defense (12 GU MO) of the former USSR and of the modern Russian Federation (Russian: 12 Главное Управление Министерства Обороны СССР/РФ (Ядерно-техническое обеспечение и Безопасность) is a department within the Russian (ex-Soviet) Ministry of Defense responsible for safe-keeping, technical maintenance, transportation, delivery, issuance, disposal, etc. of the nuclear arsenal of the state. The agency is also responsible for testing of nuclear charges, for ecological safety of such testing, and for maintenance of Soviet/Russian testing grounds, known in Russian as “polygons” – in Semipalatinsk (Semipalatinsk Test Site, now Kazakhstan) and on Novaya Zemlya Archipelago.
Unlike the GRU (Chief Directorate of Intelligence), the 12th GU MO is not a chief directorate of the General Staff, but a chief directorate of the Ministry of Defense. As such it is not subordinated to the Chief of the General Staff of the Soviet/Russian Armed Forces, but directly to the Minister of Defense, which makes it higher in status compared to the GRU. Position of the Chief of the 12th GU MO is equal to that of the commander of a military district, and supposed to be occupied by a 4-star General or by a Marshal of Artillery. However, in practice, out of seven chiefs of this Organization, only one (E.V. Boichuk) has held such a high rank – the other six were only three-star Generals.
Officers.
Officers, or cadres, for the 12th GU MO are supplied mainly by a special nuclear weapons faculty of the Military College of Rocket Forces(:ru:Военная академия РВСН имени Петра Великого) situated in Serpukhov, near Moscow, and by a special faculty of the Dzerzhinsky Military Academy. The 12th GU MO maintains also its own training facility for commissioned officers and for warrant-officers at Sharapovo village, near a city of Sergiev Posad, where commissioned officers possessing other military specialties could be educated in nuclear arsenal maintenance skills in 6-month-long courses. Non-essential specialists (those commissioned and non-commissioned officers and soldiers who perform general tasks unrelated to nuclear weapons) could be supplied by other military colleges and academies, but these people can not obtain positions in the 12th GU MO or in either of its subordinated units unless they (as well as their family) could get a special security clearance.
In the USSR only members of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union could be appointed to serve in the 12th GU MO or in any of its subordinated units, including its Special Control Service (even young conscripts who served there only two years without actually knowing anything about nuclear weapons must obtain special security clearance and must necessarily be members of the Communist Union of Youth, aka “Komsomol”).
Main structure and tasks.
In its main part the 12th GU MO consists of the headquarters, or the “directorate of the Chief of the 12 Chief Directorate”, located in central Moscow – Znamenskiy Pereulok 19, unit number 31600. There was also a central archive, popularly known as “the nuclear registrar,” where any and every piece of the Soviet or Russian nuclear munitions is registered. Besides, it consists of a network of nuclear arsenal bases both central and “dedicated” where nuclear warheads/munitions are actually being kept. These bases are called “Special-Technical Formations”, but their whole is called “Special Troops of Supreme Command Reserve”.
Each base is typically the size of a regiment, sometimes the size of a brigade, but it is usually commanded by a Major-General or sometimes by a Rear Admiral rather than by a Colonel because their importance and elevated status makes them technically equal to that of a regular infantry or other division. Many of commanding officers serving at its Moscow head-quarters bear General’s and Admiral’s ranks, since almost all of them are being promoted from among remote arsenal base commanders. That is why percentage of Generals and Admirals among commissioned officers in the 12th GU MO is considerably higher than in any other military organization of the Russian Armed Forces or the Russian Navy. Such nuclear arsenal bases are usually located far enough from big cities (at least 50 kilometres), but close enough to the military units that would use these nuclear warheads in case of war (primarily it is Intercontinental Ballistic Missile batteries, but also missile batteries with shorter range, theatre and tactical missile units, navy and aviation units armed with nuclear weapons, units of military saboteurs and engineers that were supposed to use portable nuclear munitions, anti-aircraft and anti-ballistic missile defences that use nuclear-tipped missiles, etc.). So the main purpose of the 12th Chief Directorate’s existence is to securely separate “end-users” of nuclear weapons from their actual nuclear weapons during times of peace. Only in case of real necessity those who are supposed to have nuclear weapons would get them and it could only happen when authorized by the top political leadership. Presently only some small number of nuclear warheads are always issued to end-users, such as warheads attached to ballistic missiles currently at service, but most of the Russian nuclear arsenal is being securely kept by the 12th Chief Directorate units and could only be issued to others in case of emergency.
Moreover, this organization is tasked to collect currently issued nuclear warheads back from their end-users for a reason of replacement or upgrading, and to conduct technical maintenance on nuclear weapons currently issued to end-users at their territories. For this reason each military unit that armed with nuclear warheads currently in service also has some permanently attached representatives of the 12th GU MO nearest arsenal bases whose main duty is to supervise prescribed handling and to conduct required technical maintenance of these issued nuclear warheads. The 12th GU MO nuclear arsenal bases’ staff is additionally trained for being able to attach nuclear warheads to their carriers, ballistic and other missiles, to strategic bombers and to other kind of aircraft, a task which usually assigned to special units of end-users. Such additional training is conducted for a reason that 12th GU MO specialists could replace specialists of the end-users in this capacity in case of emergency.
Another task of the 12th GU MO is to prevent so-called "nuclear terrorism," but this is a relatively modern task, which did not exist formerly.
Besides these nuclear arsenal bases, the 12th Chief Directorate maintains several nuclear weapons research institutes in Moscow and in Sergiev Posad, near Moscow, with their subsidiaries located at nuclear testing grounds in Semipalatinsk-21 and on Novaya Zemlya Archipelago, and in several other cities (Saint Petersburg, for example). It also maintains a separate research institute tasked with developing nuclear explosions detection technology.
Another function of the 12th GU MO is to serve as a link between the Armed Forces and those branches of Soviet/Russian industry and science related to nuclear weapons developing and manufacturing. It is actually the 12th Chief Directorate that develops detailed plans for required nuclear armament and its improvements and places orders for nuclear weapons production before civilian manufacturers.
Secrecy.
The 12th GU MO is probably the most secretive organization of the Soviet/Russian Armed Forces, even more than the GRU or the Strategic Rocket Forces. Even though today Russia has become more open and even some articles appear in its mass-media openly describing the “Nuclear Technical Service” Directorate, this organization remains off-limits. However, during Soviet times the most of commissioned officers, even though highly educated ones, had little or no knowledge that the 12th Chief Directorate existed. In the Soviet times it was considered taboo to talk about it outside of secured premises. When talking to strangers, even to other commissioned officers of the Armed Forces, one could only refer to their unit by its coded number. For example you could say that “I serve as a tank platoon commander at the military unit 31600,” but nothing more than that.
Most of officials of the 12th GU MO headquarters wear gunnery uniforms and bear military ranks typical to Artillery, since this organization is considered being primarily an “arsenal.” However, when it comes to its personnel serving in its remote nuclear arsenal bases, it could wear various military uniforms, ranging from aviation and navy to even tank-crews and marines, because it is a long-time policy of the 12th GU MO to disguise its remote units. All service personnel of the 12th GU MO are explicitly forbidden to reveal to anyone, even to their spouses, that they serve in the Nuclear Technical Service, in the 12th Chief Directorate, or that they have anything to do with nuclear weapons. Moreover, a majority of non-essential staff of nuclear arsenal bases do not know that they actually maintain nuclear weapons. Every unit of this organization has its own cover story based on its location and its currently worn uniform and all its personnel must strictly adhere to this story when dealing with strangers. Some bases also use “civilian legends.” For example, nuclear arsenal base unit number 62047 in Krasnokamianka, Kizil-Tash, Crimea, was masquerading as a “wine-making enterprise”.
Active disinformation measures to this effect are meticulously planned and are regularly conducted not only in order to create a wrong impression among local population and neighbouring military units, but even to misinform conscripts and other unrelated staff serving at actual arsenal bases. For example, tanks and artillery pieces that are maintained as a part of the cover story could be seen by neighbours on daily “routine” exercises in corresponding bogus “tank“ or “artillery“ regiments. In order to minimize spreading of information about these bases, their commissioned staff was encouraged to serve at one location for as long as possible and not to seek promotions outside their bases (while it was typical for Soviet military in general to move officers every 3–5 years to various places and to promote them exclusively outside of their former military units).
Nuclear arsenal base typical structure.
Each nuclear arsenal base typically consists of the following main services and units:
Nuclear arsenal bases functioning and training.
The main arsenal service, its ETS, and all attached to it transportation and communication detachments, guards, and sappers are subdivided into several so-called Special Tactical Groups (STGs). These were highly mobile units trained to deliver nuclear warheads to designated end-users in various circumstances, including those during ongoing battles and even during unfolding nuclear war. These STGs are mostly based on various automobile transport, but also on rail-way transport, and sometimes, on helicopter transport. Even those auxiliary tanks that are designed to serve as a cover for the arsenal base could be used to reinforce these STGs on their full march.
The 12th Chief Directorate maintains its own secure communication system, independent of others, that links its peace-time and war-time headquarters with all its bases and with other subordinated units. Additional local communication systems of each arsenal base securely link its main command post with its multiple mobile STGs. The main communication system of the 12th GU MO has its own unique coded commands that could be used to instantly transmit orders to elevate readiness and to begin loading, delivering, and issuing nuclear warheads and other nuclear munitions to their end-users. Such commands must be transmitted via at least three different communication channels simultaneously to guarantee their delivery. Delivery of such commands must be practiced at least once a day.
More extended exercises that include execution of alerts of a “higher readiness” and “combat readiness,” with actual loading of warheads into transport and dispatching the STGs towards the end-users, must be conducted at least several times per year. All nuclear arsenal bases are linked by their own railways to the vast Russian railways system (nuclear warheads/munitions are being moved from production plants to the 12th Chief Directorate units and between these units usually by railway).
Security.
Each base is heavily guarded. The guards belong to two independent organizations: some to the KGB, and some to the 12th Chief Directorate itself. This arrangement is made so that guards could not make any sinister agreements among themselves. Moreover, guards from the 12th GU MO are organized into a separate battalion which makes them independent from those dealing with nuclear weapons inside. Each arsenal base is encircled by barbed wire carrying current, by various electronic and laser movement detection devices, by border furrow, and sometimes even by mine fields in between. Guard dogs are also used in some cases. In addition to an outer guarding perimeter there is also an inner guarding perimeter, which encircles the nuclear depot (its “technical zone”), where only authorized officers could have access. Even when it is needed to bring in some truck to load or to unload, the truck’s driver has to get out and then some authorized officer would replace the driver to drive the truck into the technical zone.
The technical zone itself is also separated into several restricted zones of various levels of access in accordance with actual levels of security clearance of staff admitted there. Inside such an inner perimeter all technical premises where nuclear warheads are being kept and maintained, are normally buried deep underground and usually equipped with full anti-atomic protection; for example, typical weight of steel safe-like hermetic doors to the inner premises is over 40 tons. These premises, as well as command posts, could likely survive a thermo-nuclear explosion and the officers there could still be able to deliver their warheads in such conditions.
History.
The 12th Chief Directorate was formerly known as the “Special Department of the General Staff”, and later – as the “6th Directorate of the Ministry of Defense”. It has been created on September 4, 1947, based on “KB-11” (in Russian: “КБ-11” - “Design Bureau 11”, also known in Russia as off-limits town “Arzamas-16”, later "Sarov"); its first chief was Major-General-Engineer (later – full General) Viktor A. Boliatko.
The first curator of this organization was Lavrentiy Beria, the then mighty chief of the Soviet NKVD. It is widely believed until today that if not for Beria’s personal efforts, neither the Nuclear Technical Service, nor actual nuclear weapons would ever be created in the Soviet Union. In fact, it was Beria who spearheaded the campaign for creating the USSR's own nuclear weapons program and who contributed to it, including supplying some nuclear technology stolen by his intelligence service from the United States researchers. For this reason, Beria is considered to the god-father of this organization. Even though for the rest of the Soviet Union Beria was declared an “enemy of the people”, relegated to “unperson” status and excluded from the 30-volumed Great Soviet Encyclopedia, he remains a highly revered figure within the off-limits structure of the 12th GU MO, and especially within its scientific research institutions. Beria’s portraits and statues are still maintained in some premises and flowers are laid to his statures on his birthdays and on some other occasions. Even in the post-Soviet times when the entire communist past was declared criminal, the alleged “top of the top communist criminal” Lavrentiy Beria continued to enjoy similar reverence among nuclear weapons specialists. For example, the 6-volumes collective work named “Nuclear Testing in the USSR” published few years after the USSR disappearance still features seditious Beria’s portrait first in this book, before any other photos.
The 12th Chief Directorate in its current capacity was formed in February 1959. Three years later the Organization managed to effectively and secretly delivered numerous combat-ready nuclear warheads of six different types to Cuba during an infamous strategic Operation Anadyr, a move that resulted in the most dangerous nuclear stand-off between the United States and the Soviet Union. On the next stage of its development the Nuclear Technical Service was headed by General N.P. Egorov. The next and the most well-known chief was Marshal of Artillery E.V. Boichuk, who held this position from February 1974 until November 1985 and was credited with transforming the organization into the most effective nuclear weapons protection, delivery, and maintenance system. During his command the 12th GU MO lost its initial “warehouse image” and became a real effective branch of the Soviet Armed Forces, in some respects surpassing by its effectiveness of well-known Soviet special purpose forces such as “Spetsnaz” and the “VDV” (Russian Airborne Troops). The last chief of this organization during the Soviet Union was General V.I. Gerasimov.
The 12th Chief Directorate was re-created as a part of Russian Armed Forces on September 2, 1993, by a special order No.68 of the Minister of Defense of the Russian Federation. The first post-soviet chief of the 12th GU MO was General E.P. Maslin. In September 1997 he was replaced by General I.N. Valynkin. The current chief (from December 2005) of the 12th Chief Directorate is V.N. Verkhovcev.
Special Control Service (SSK).
There is a smaller autonomous organization within the main 12th GU MO structure – known as “military unit 46179”, “the Special Control Service of the Defense Ministry,” “atomic intelligence,” or “nuclear intelligence” of the former Soviet Union.
The Special Control Service is tasked with gathering intelligence on nuclear weapons and particularly on nuclear testing of various adversaries of the former USSR by all means – ranging from six technical control methods to analyzing radio-intercepts and periodicals. The Special Control Service was not a part of the 12th GU MO from very beginning, but was formerly a part of the GRU, its 6th Directorate’s department of special observation. However, it was later detached from the GRU and made an independent Special Observation Service of the Defense Ministry. Then it was renamed into a Special Control Service and re-subordinated first to the Directorate of the Commander of the Chemical Troops (the analogue of a standard ABC service in the Soviet Army), and then again re-subordinated to the 12th GU MO.
The Special Control Service has its own network of military units, named “detection laboratories”, each headed by a Colonel, which are situated in many spots inside and outside of the Soviet Union and are all linked to the Service headquarters and to its computation centres by its own secure communication network which is totally independent from the communication network of the 12th GU MO itself.
Structure of the 12th GU MO.
The 12th Chief Directorate consists of:
Note: v/ch here mean 'Military Unit Number.'
Objects «C».
In the former USSR there were 102 Special Objects to keep nuclear munitions:
Tactical nuclear munitions.
As of 1989 year in all USSR republics there were tactical nuclear munitions:

</doc>
<doc id="20913287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913287" title="Adventure Park, Geelong">
Adventure Park, Geelong

Adventure Park is an amusement and water park in Wallington, Victoria, Australia near Geelong. The park contains many attractions such as numerous water slides and water playgrounds. The park is the first water park in Victoria.
Attractions.
The following is a list of attractions at "Adventure Park".

</doc>
<doc id="20913302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913302" title="Robert De Niro">
Robert De Niro

Robert De Niro (; born August 17, 1943) is an American actor, director, producer, and voice actor. His first major film roles were in "Bang the Drum Slowly" and "Mean Streets", both in 1973. Then in 1974, after not receiving the role of Michael Corleone in "The Godfather", he was cast as the young Vito Corleone in "The Godfather Part II", a role for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
His longtime collaboration with director Martin Scorsese began with "Mean Streets", and later earned De Niro an Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Jake LaMotta in the 1980 film "Raging Bull". He earned nominations for "Taxi Driver" in 1976 and "Cape Fear" in 1991. De Niro received additional Academy Award nominations for Michael Cimino's "The Deer Hunter" (1978), Penny Marshall's "Awakenings" (1990), and David O. Russell's "Silver Linings Playbook" (2012). His portrayal of gangster Jimmy Conway in Scorsese's "Goodfellas" earned him a BAFTA nomination in 1990.
De Niro has earned four nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, for his work in "New York, New York" (1977), "Midnight Run" (1988), "Analyze This" (1999), and "Meet the Parents" (2000). He has also simultaneously directed and starred in films such as 1993's "A Bronx Tale" and 2006's "The Good Shepherd". De Niro has received accolades for his career, including the AFI Life Achievement Award (2003) and the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award (2010).
De Niro has starred in over ninety films throughout his career.
Early life.
Robert De Niro was born in Greenwich Village, New York City, the son of Virginia Holton Admiral, a painter and poet, and Robert De Niro, Sr., an abstract expressionist painter and sculptor. His father was of half Italian and half Irish descent, and his mother was of English, Irish, German, French, and Dutch ancestry. His Italian great-grandparents, Giovanni De Niro and Angelina Mercurio, emigrated from Ferrazzano, in the province of Campobasso, Molise; and his paternal grandmother, Helen O'Reilly, was the granddaughter of Edward O'Reilly, an immigrant from Ireland.
De Niro's parents, who had met at the painting classes of Hans Hofmann in Provincetown (Cape Cod), Massachusetts, divorced when he was three years old. De Niro was raised by his mother in the Little Italy neighborhood of Manhattan, and in Greenwich Village. His father lived within walking distance and Robert spent much time with him as he was growing up. De Niro attended , a public elementary school in Manhattan through the sixth grade, and then went to Elisabeth Irwin High School for seventh and eighth grades, the private upper school of the Little Red School House. He was accepted at the High School of Music and Art for the ninth grade, but only attended for a short time before transferring to a public junior high school. He began high school at the private McBurney School and later attended the private Rhodes Preparatory School, although he never graduated from either. Nicknamed "Bobby Milk" for his pallor, De Niro hung out with a group of street kids as a youth in Little Italy, some of whom have remained his lifelong friends. The direction of his future had already been determined by his stage debut at age ten when he played the Cowardly Lion in a school production of "The Wizard of Oz". Along with finding relief from shyness through performing, De Niro was also entranced by the movies, and he dropped out of high school at age sixteen to pursue acting. De Niro studied acting at the Stella Adler Conservatory, as well as Lee Strasberg's Actors Studio.
Career.
Acting.
De Niro's first movie role, in collaboration with Brian De Palma, was in 1963, at the age of 20, when he appeared opposite his friend Jill Clayburgh in "The Wedding Party"; however, the film was not released until 1969. He then played in Roger Corman's 1970 "Bloody Mama", which starred Shelly Winters as Ma Barker. He gained popular attention with his role as a dying Major League Baseball player in "Bang the Drum Slowly" (1973). That same year, he began his collaboration with Martin Scorsese, when he played the smalltime crook Johnny Boy, alongside Harvey Keitel's Charlie, in "Mean Streets" (1973).
In 1974, De Niro had a pivotal role in Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather Part II", playing the young Vito Corleone – the director having remembered his previous auditions for the roles of Sonny Corleone, Michael Corleone, Carlo Rizzi and Paulie Gatto, in "The Godfather". His performance earned him his first Academy Award, for Best Supporting Actor, although Coppola accepted the award, as De Niro was not present at the Oscar ceremony. He became the first actor to win an Academy Award speaking mainly a foreign language, in this case, multiple Sicilian dialects (although he delivered a few lines in English). De Niro and Marlon Brando, who played the older Vito Corleone in the first film, are the only actors to have won Oscars portraying the same fictional character. Brando and De Niro came together onscreen for the only time in "The Score" (2001).
After working with Scorsese in "Mean Streets", he had a successful working relationship with the director in films such as "Taxi Driver" (1976), "New York, New York" (1977), "Raging Bull" (1980), "The King of Comedy" (1983), "Goodfellas" (1990), "Cape Fear" (1991), and "Casino" (1995). They also acted together in "Guilty by Suspicion" and provided their voices for the animated feature "Shark Tale".
"Taxi Driver" was particularly important to De Niro's career: his iconic performance as Travis Bickle shot him to stardom and forever linked De Niro's name with Bickle's famous "You talkin' to me?" monologue, which De Niro largely improvised. The role of Travis Bickle earned him his first Academy Award Nomination for Best Actor. In 1976, De Niro appeared, along with Gérard Depardieu and Donald Sutherland, in Bernardo Bertolucci's epic biographical exploration of life in Italy before World War II, "Novecento" ("1900"), seen through the eyes of two Italian childhood friends at the opposite sides of society's hierarchy.
Also in 1976, De Niro starred in "The Last Tycoon", directed by Elia Kazan. Kazan recalls that De Niro "would do almost anything to succeed," and even cut his weight down from 170 to 128 pounds for the role in this film. Kazan adds that De Niro "is one of a select number of actors I've directed who work hard at their trade, and the only one who asked to rehearse on Sundays. Most of the others play tennis. Bobby and I would go over the scenes to be shot." Kazan describes De Niro's style of acting:
Kazan developed and used those personality traits for his character in the film. And although the film did poorly at the box office, some reviewers praised De Niro's acting. Film critic Marie Brenner writes that "for De Niro, it is a role that surpasses even his brilliant and daring portrayal of Vito Corleone in "The Godfather, part II", ... performance deserves to be compared with the very finest."
In 1978, De Niro played Michael Vronsky in the acclaimed Vietnam War film "The Deer Hunter", for which he was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
Fearing he had become typecast in mob roles, De Niro began expanding into occasional comedic roles in the mid-1980s and has had much success there as well, with such films as "Brazil" (1985), the hit action-comedy "Midnight Run" (1988), "Analyze This" (1999), opposite actor/comedian Billy Crystal, "Meet the Parents" (2000) and "Meet the Fockers" (2004), both opposite Ben Stiller.
Other films include "True Confessions" (1981), "Falling in Love" (1984), "Once Upon a Time in America" (1984), "The Mission" (1986), "Angel Heart" (1987), "The Untouchables" (1987), "Goodfellas" (1990), "Awakenings" (1990), "Heat" (1995), "The Fan" (1996), "Sleepers" (1996), "Wag the Dog" (1997), "Jackie Brown" and "Ronin" (1998). In 1997, he re-teamed with Harvey Keitel and Ray Liotta along with Sylvester Stallone in the crime drama "Cop Land". De Niro played a supporting role, taking a back seat to Stallone, Keitel, and Liotta.
In 1993, he also starred in "This Boy's Life", featuring then-rising child actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire. Around this time, he was offered the role of Mitch Leary in "In the Line of Fire", opposite Clint Eastwood. However, due to scheduling conflicts with "A Bronx Tale", he turned the role down in favor of John Malkovich, who received an Academy Award nomination for the role. De Niro would later reference "In Line of Fire", along with "Dirty Harry" and "Magnum Force", two more of Eastwood's films, in "Righteous Kill".
In 1995, De Niro starred in Michael Mann's police action-thriller "Heat", along with fellow actor and long-time friend, Al Pacino. The duo drew much attention from fans, as both have generally been compared throughout their careers. Though Pacino and De Niro both starred in "The Godfather Part II", they shared no screen time. De Niro and Pacino once again appeared together, in the crime thriller "Righteous Kill".
In 2000, De Niro played the role of Master Chief Billy Sunday opposite Cuba Gooding, Jr. in the George Tillman, Jr. biographical film "Men of Honor", based on the life of Carl Brashear, the first African American to become a U.S. Navy Master Diver.
De Niro also hosted "9/11", a 2002 documentary about the September 11, 2001 attacks, shown on CBS and centering on video footage made by Jules and Gedeon Naudet, that focused on the role of firefighters following the attacks.
In 2004, De Niro provided the voice of Don Lino, the antagonist in the animated film "Shark Tale", opposite Will Smith. He also reprised his role as Jack Byrnes in "Meet the Fockers", and was featured in "Stardust". All of the films were successful at the box office, but they received mixed reviews. When promoting "Shark Tale", De Niro said that was his first experience with voice acting, which he commented, was an enjoyable time.
De Niro had to turn down a role in "The Departed" (Martin Sheen taking the role instead) due to commitments with preparing "The Good Shepherd". He said, "I wanted to. I wish I could've been able to, but I was preparing "The Good Shepherd" so much that I couldn't take the time to. I was trying to figure a way to do it while I was preparing. It just didn't seem possible."
In 2006, De Niro costarred with Matt Damon and Angelina Jolie in "The Good Shepherd", which he also directed. The movie also reunited him onscreen with Joe Pesci, with whom De Niro had starred in "Raging Bull", "Goodfellas", "A Bronx Tale", "Once Upon a Time in America" and "Casino". In the same year, Robert appeared as himself in an episode of the BBC series "Extras", as Ricky Gervais's character claimed it was his ambition to meet De Niro.
De Niro announced that he would appear in Martin Campbell's film version of the classic BBC crime series "Edge of Darkness" in 2010, alongside Mel Gibson; however, just after he arrived to begin shooting, De Niro walked from the set due to creative differences. He was then replaced by Ray Winstone. He appeared as Senator John McLaughlin in the action film "Machete", directed by Robert Rodriguez and Ethan Maniquis. De Niro starred in the thriller "Stone" (2010), along with Edward Norton and Milla Jovovich. The sequel to "Meet the Parents" (2000) and "Meet the Fockers" (2004), "Little Fockers", starring De Niro, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Blythe Danner, Teri Polo, Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand, was released on December 22, 2010.
In 2011, De Niro appeared in the action film "Killer Elite" with Jason Statham and Clive Owen, in the film adaptation of the novel "The Dark Fields", "Limitless", with Bradley Cooper, directed by Neil Burger, and in "New Year's Eve", the romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall.
Thirty-four years after Bernardo Bertolucci's "1900", De Niro stars in one of three episodes of the film "Manuale d'amore 3", with Monica Bellucci, directed by Italian director Giovanni Veronesi. In January 2011, CBS picked up De Niro's crime pilot, "Rookies" later to be renamed as "NYC 22" only to have his new crime drama abruptly cancelled after airing only four episodes. In 2011, he was the President of the Jury for the 64th Cannes Film Festival.
In 2012, he starred in the movies "Silver Linings Playbook", "Freelancers", "Red Lights", and "Being Flynn". He received a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Silver Linings Playbook".
Film director.
In 1993, De Niro made his directorial debut with "A Bronx Tale". The film, written by Chazz Palminteri, was about Palminteri's turbulent childhood in the Bronx. De Niro agreed to direct the film after seeing Palminteri's one-man off-Broadway play. De Niro also played Lorenzo, the bus driver who struggles to keep his son away from local mobster Sonny, played by Palminteri.
De Niro did not direct another film until 2006's "The Good Shepherd", which starred Matt Damon and Angelina Jolie. "The Good Shepherd" depicts the origins of the CIA, with Damon portraying one of the top counter-intelligence agents during World War II and the Cold War. De Niro has a small role as General Bill Sullivan, who recruits Damon's character into the world of counter-intelligence.
Restaurants.
His capital ventures have included: cofounding the film studio TriBeCa Productions; the popular Tribeca Film Festival; Nobu and TriBeCa Grill, which he co-owns with a developer Paul Wallace and Broadway producer Stewart F. Lane, The Greenwich Hotel, located in Tribeca, and the restaurant inside the hotel, Locanda Verde, formerly known as Ago, which is run by executive chef and co-owner, Andrew Carmellini. According to the July 2010 issue of "Gourmet" magazine, De Niro is in negotiations with an internationally renowned chef, Natalia Jibladze, to launch anas yetunnamed restaurant in Manhattan under his Tribeca trademark. When in Malaysia in 2010, he dined with the Malaysian Prime Minister's wife and was asked to open a Malay restaurant in Alor Setar, Kedah, Malaysia.
Other work.
In 1987, he was the President of the Jury at the 15th Moscow International Film Festival. At the 20th Moscow International Film Festival in 1997, he was awarded an Honorable Prize for contribution to cinema. In June 2006 it was announced that De Niro had donated his film archive — including scripts, costumes, and props — to the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas at Austin. On April 27, 2009, it was presaged that the De Niro collection at the Ransom Center was open to researchers and the public. De Niro has said that he is working with Martin Scorsese on a new project. "I'm trying to actually work... Eric Roth and myself and Marty are working on a script now, trying to get it done."
Acting style.
Praised for his commitment to roles, stemming from his background in method acting, De Niro gained 60 pounds (27 kg) and learned how to box for his portrayal of Jake LaMotta in "Raging Bull"; ground his teeth for "Cape Fear"; lived in Sicily for "The Godfather Part II"; worked as a cab driver for a few weeks for "Taxi Driver"; and learned to play the saxophone for "New York, New York". He again put on weight for his performance as Al Capone in "The Untouchables" (1987).
De Niro's brand of method acting includes employing whatever extreme tactic he feels is necessary to elicit the best performance from those with whom he is working. During the filming of "The King of Comedy", for example, he directed a slew of anti-Semitic epithets at co-star Jerry Lewis in order to enhance and authenticate the anger demonstrated by his onscreen character. According to "People" magazine, the technique was successful. Lewis recalled, "I forgot the cameras were there... I was going for Bobby's throat."
Personal life.
Family.
De Niro and his first wife, Diahnne Abbott, have a son, Raphael, a former actor who works in New York real estate. De Niro also adopted Abbott's daughter from a previous relationship. De Niro has twin sons conceived by in vitro fertilization and delivered by a surrogate mother in 1995, from a long-term live-in relationship with former model Toukie Smith.
In 1997, De Niro married his second wife, actress Grace Hightower, at their Marbletown home. Their son was born in 1998 and the couple split in 1999. The divorce was never finalized and in 2004 they renewed their vows. In December 2011 a daughter was born via surrogate. In addition to his six children, De Niro has four grandchildren, one from his daughter Drena, three from his son Raphael.
It was reported in October 2003, that De Niro had been diagnosed with prostate cancer. He underwent surgery at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in December 2003.
Properties.
De Niro, who has long resided in New York City, has been investing in the TriBeCa neighborhood in lower Manhattan since 1989. He has residences on the east and west sides of Manhattan. He also has an estate in Marbletown in upstate New York which acts as his primary residence.
Legal issues.
During a film shoot in France in February 1998, De Niro was questioned as a witness about the Bourgeois prostitution ring. De Niro denied any involvement and later filed a complaint. Despite saying at the time he would not return to France, he later has filmed in France and presided over the jury at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
Advocacy.
Charity work.
In 2011, De Niro supported the Initiative A Logo for Human Rights. Its goal was to create an internationally recognized logo to support the global human rights movement.
Politics.
De Niro is a resolute supporter of the Democratic Party, and vocally supported Al Gore in the 2000 presidential election. De Niro publicly supported John Kerry in the 2004 presidential election. In 1998, he lobbied Congress against impeaching President Bill Clinton.
While promoting his movie "The Good Shepherd" with co-star Matt Damon on the December 8, 2006 episode of "Hardball with Chris Matthews" at George Mason University, De Niro was asked whom he would like to see as President of the United States. De Niro responded, "Well, I think of two people: Hillary Clinton and Obama."
On February 4, 2008, De Niro supported Obama at a rally at the Izod Center in New Jersey before Super Tuesday.
On March 19, 2012, De Niro and his wife held a fundraiser for President Obama's re-election campaign. At the event, De Niro made a controversial commentviewed by political columnist John Hayward and Steven Kurlander of the "Sun-Sentinel" as racistjoking, "Callista Gingrich. Karen Santorum. Ann Romney. Now do you really think our country is ready for a white first lady?"

</doc>
<doc id="20913320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913320" title="Ihab al-Ghussein">
Ihab al-Ghussein

Ihab al-Ghussein is the current "de facto" spokesman of the Interior Ministry of the Palestinian National Authority based in the Hamas-administrated Gaza Strip. 
He was involved in merging the Executive Force of Hamas into the Palestinian security forces which includes police, national and internal security, civil defense forces and firefighters. Al-Ghussein ordered the release of 150 prisoners who were members of Fatah and other Palestinian factions. During Israel's air strikes against Hamas government buildings in Operation Cast Lead, in which Israel said it killed Hamas operatives launching rockets, al-Ghussein replied that the killed were "Gazans at work, not activists launching rockets as Israel."

</doc>
<doc id="20913324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913324" title="Halasuru Someshwara Temple, Bangalore">
Halasuru Someshwara Temple, Bangalore

Halasuru Someshwara Temple , located in the suburb of Halasuru (also called Ulsoor) in Bangalore city (also Bengaluru) is a dedicated to the deity Someshwara (the Hindu god Shiva). It is the oldest temple in the city and dates back to the Chola period. Irrespective of when the initial consecration took place, art historian George Michell believes there were major additions or modifications during the late Vijayanagara Empire period, during the rule of Hiriya Kempe Gowda II.
Legend.
In the "Gazetter of Mysore" (1887), Benjamin Lewis Rice describes a legend behind the consecration of the temple. Kempe Gowda, while on a hunt, rode far away from his capital Yalahanka. Being tired, he rested under a tree and fell asleep. The local deity Someshwara appeared to him in a dream and instructed him to build a temple in his honor using buried treasure. In return the chieftain would receive divine favor. Kempe Gowda found the treasure and dutifully completed the temple. According to a different version of the legend, King Jayappa Gowda (1420-1450 CE) from minor dynasty called "Yelahanka Nada Prabhu" was hunting in a forest near the present Halasuru area, when he felt tired and relaxed under a tree. In a dream, a man appeared before him and told him that a "linga" (universal symbol of the god Shiva) was buried under the spot he was sleeping. He was instructed to retrieve the it and build a temple. Jayappa found the treasure and initially built the temple out of wood. Another account attributes the temple to the Chola Dynasty with later renovations made by the Yelahanka Nada Prabhus.
Temple plan.
According to Michell, the temple plan follows many of the basic elements of Vijayanagara architecture though at a lower scale. The temple has a square sanctum ("garbhagriha") which is surrounded by a narrow passage way. The sanctum is connected to a closed "mantapa" (hall) whose walls are decorated with pilasters and sculptures in frieze. The closed "mantapa" is connected to a spacious open "mantapa" comsisting of four large projecting "bays" (area between four pillars). The piers leading to the sanctum and those facing outward from the open "mantapa" are the standard "Yali" (mythical beast) pillars. The eastern "gopuram" is a well executed, typical 16th century structure.
There are several notable sculptures and decorative features in the complex. An impressive pillar ("kambha" or nandi) pillar) stands near the tall tower over the entrance gate ("gopura"). The tower itself exhibits well sculptured images of gods and goddesses from Hindu mythology. The open "mantapa" consists of forty eight pillars with carvings of divinities in frieze. To the north is the "navagraha" temple (shrine for the nine planets) with twelve pillars, each pillar representing a saint ("rishi"). The entrance to the sanctum exhibits sculptures of two "door keepers" ("dvarapalakas"). Other notable works of art include sculptures that depict King Ravana lifting Mount Kailash in a bid to appease the god Shiva, Durga slaying Mahishasura (a demon), images of the Nayanmar saints (Tamil Shaivaite saints), depictions of the "Girija Kalyana" (marriage of Parvati to the god Shiva), the saptarishis (seven sages of Hindu lore). Recent excavations at the temple site has revealed the existence of a temple tank ("kalyani") which could be 1200 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20913363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913363" title="Naked Idol (TV movie)">
Naked Idol (TV movie)

Naked Idol is the seventh TV movie on the part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy series which was created by Polly Draper. "Naked Idol" is expected to air on March 14, 2009. The premise of "Naked Idol" is that The Naked Brothers Band have a "Naked Idol" contest for a new bassist replacing Rosalina (Allie DiMeco). It also features guest appearances by David Desrosiers (Simple Plan) and Tobin Esperance (Papa Roach).
Plot.
Rosalina comes back after her music cruise, but Michel (the French guy Rosalina kissed on the cruise) also comes back, criticizes Nat's music, and kisses Rosalina which Nat sees. This causes a heated fight between Nat and Rosalina in which they break up and Rosalina quits the band. 
So Nat and the band look all around the world, searching for a new bass player and meets some of the greatest musicians that ever lived. The band picks a girl named Kristina who is a great bass player and is really nice, but Nat isn't over Rosalina so he comes off a little mean in the beginning. 
Soon Nat realizes that he doesn't want to go through the breakup alone and they all have a group hug and sing at their house. Rosalina then tells Michel that she is too good for him and leaves to go over to the Wolff's house. 
The television movie special concludes with a cliff hanger. It ends just as Nat and Kristina start to bond, The band gets a call from Rosalina claiming that she wants to be back in the band.

</doc>
<doc id="20913364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913364" title="MKT">
MKT

MKT may refer to:
Codes.
MKT is:

</doc>
<doc id="20913366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913366" title="Eldwick">
Eldwick

Eldwick is a small village near Bingley, West Yorkshire. It is split up into two main parts, Eldwick, the main populated part, and High Eldwick, the larger but less populated section, situated on Bingley Moor.
Landmarks.
High Eldwick is the site of Olympic jockey Harvey Smith's stables, and the locally famous Dick Hudson's pub. 
In Eldwick, the most notable place is the Memorial Hall, built from old bricks from the textile mill. The bell has never been found, and a popular local mystery surrounds this case.
Geography of the area.
The town has Eldwick Beck running through it flows through the pedestrian-only thoroughfare of Spa Lane. The name has come to refer to the part of the village just before entry into High Eldwick, near the Methodist Church and The Acorn Pub. Much of the village is situated upon a steep hill, with the steepest part accessible to vehicles is 17%, indicated by a sign near the top and bottom. The Prince of Wales Park runs past this part of the hill. The road follows a sharp curve around the area, making the road dangerous to navigate in the wet.
Transport.
The village is served by the 622 and 623 bus services, and a turnaround in High Eldwick serves as the terminus for both of these routes. They have a three buses per hour frequency in either direction, with buses taking passengers to Bingley and beyond. The nearest railway station is Bingley.

</doc>
<doc id="20913373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913373" title="Mountain Passages">
Mountain Passages

Mountain Passages is the 23rd album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Greenleaf Music label in 2005 and features performances by Douglas, Michael Moore, Marcus Rojas Peggy Lee, and Dylan van der Schyff.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating ""Mountain Passages" is another large compositional step for Douglas, whose aesthetic ambition is boundless and whose ability to execute that vision is seemingly limitless".

</doc>
<doc id="20913381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913381" title="Blackburn House, West Lothian">
Blackburn House, West Lothian

Blackburn House is a category A-listed Georgian house, situated just outside of Blackburn and Seafield in West Lothian, Scotland. Blackburn House was built in the late 18th century by George Moncrieff. The building originally acted as a gateway to Blackburn, the town which Moncrieff founded, after making his money running plantations in the West Indies.
The house comprises a central Palladian manor house, with substantial east and west pavilions. In the summer of 2008, a £4 million restoration for the Cockburn Conservation Trust was finished. Blackburn House was awarded an Architectural Award by the Georgian Group in November 2008 for the Restoration of a Georgian Country House.

</doc>
<doc id="20913400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913400" title="Arboretum du Figuier">
Arboretum du Figuier

The Arboretum du Figuier is an experimental arboretum of fig trees located in Nézignan-l'Évêque, Hérault, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. The town has a historical reputation for its figs dating to the Middle Ages, as evidenced by a painting of the time of Francis I in which the inhabitants serve as standard-bearer for the fig. Today's villagers are still known as "bécos figos" (fig eaters). The arboretum has been recently created and is variously described as containing over 80 varieties of fig trees, or 97 trees representing 40 varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="20913409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913409" title="Gareth Maybin">
Gareth Maybin

Gareth Maybin (born 14 September 1980) is a Northern Irish professional golfer.
Born in Belfast, Maybin turned professional in 2005 after completing a scholarship at the University of South Alabama. He remained in the United States and competed on the NGA Hooters Tour, where he finished fourth on the money list in his first season. He won two events on the tour between 2005 and 2007, and had several other top ten finishes.
In 2007, Maybin began to receive invitations to Challenge Tour tournaments in Europe, and after a series of strong finishes took up membership of this tour. The following year, he won the Qingdao Golf Open on his way to fourth place on the Challenge Tour money list, which gave him full exemption on the European Tour for 2009.
In his third event on the European Tour, Maybin lost in a playoff at the 2008 South African Open. This runner-up finish elevated him into the top 100 of the Official World Golf Rankings for the first time. Maybin finished the 2010 season in the top 40 on the Race to Dubai.
Maybin represented Ireland, alongside Michael Hoey at the 2007 Omega Mission Hills World Cup where they finished in 24th position.
Results in major championships.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half way cut<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place.<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="20913424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913424" title="H.I.V.E. (series)">
H.I.V.E. (series)

H.I.V.E. (short for The Higher Institute of Villainous Education) is a series of young-adult fiction novels by Mark Walden.
Plot overview.
H.I.V.E. is a top secret school hidden inside a still active volcano. The school is a part of G.L.O.V.E., the Global League of Villainous Enterprises, and was built for the purpose of training children to become criminal masterminds. Only children who have already been seen to have some villainous skill are accepted to the school. The school has four streams; the Alpha stream, Henchmen stream, Technical stream and the Political/Financial stream. Each stream is associated with a color, and their uniforms reflect this. Alphas have black, Henchman has blue, Technical is white and Political/Financial is grey. Otto Malpense is a thirteen-year-old criminal genius, who has been handpicked along with others-the smartest, most athletic, technologically advanced kids in the world to be part of H.I.V.E. In the first book Otto has entered the school, he discovers that it is not all what it seems, and sets out to unfold the mystery behind the school and its organization. Otto and his friends, Wing, Shelby, and Laura try to defy the headmaster, Dr. Maximilian Nero and try to accomplish something no one has ever succeeded in-escaping H.I.V.E. alive.
Reception.
H.I.V.E. has met with mostly favorable reviews. Jack Heath, author of "Money Run", said that "if you can suspend your disbelief far enough, you will find it a rewarding read... The dialogue is witty, the plot twists deft, and the setting inventive, with plenty of knowing nods to the comic books and Bond films which pioneered the super villain tropes." The first book was given a score of 4/5 on abc.net.au, where it was praised as having "adventure, sacrifice, mystery, surprises and evil doings."
Availability.
With the exception of the first eight (or 7 not including the short book "interception point") books in the series, the books are not widely available in the United States at this time. However, all books are available in the UK.
Summaries.
"Higher Institute of Villainous Education".
After realizing that the government funding that keeps the orphanage from closing down is being cut, Otto Malpense creates a robotic mind control device that he intends to use to publicly embarrass the Prime Minister during one of his speeches. After successfully completing his objective, he is ambushed and stunned by Raven and then awakes to find himself in a helicopter, strapped to his seat, and sitting across from a complete stranger. He finds out the stranger is called Wing Fanchu and they quickly become close friends. When the helicopter lands, Otto is informed that he will be spending the next six years of his life being schooled at H.I.V.E., the Higher Institute of Villainous Education. Dr.Nero, H.I.V.E's headmaster,is interested to know that it took more than two shot's from sleeper's (knock-out weapons designed to replace tranquilizer darts)to
capture Wing,enough to send a normal boy in a coma for a few weeks. He expresses his concerns to Raven and asks her to keep a close eye on Wing and Otto. Meanwhile,Otto's special skills have marked him out as an Alpha—a leader of tomorrow. He quickly works out that his little stunt with the Prime Minister now have landed Otto at H.I.V.E though he has no intention of staying in this new prison, and befriends many others who have been taken to H.I.V.E., like Laura Brand, Shelby Trinity, Nigel Darkdoom, and Franz Argentblum. Otto teams up with Wing, Laura, and Shelby, and together they hatch a daring escape plan. They travel through the hidden parts of the school, but as they nearly reach their freedom, their headmaster, Dr. Nero, reveals that all along they have been going on an impossible mission. However, Nigel Darkdoom has managed to stir up his own trouble on this night, and an enormous, flesh-eating plant (named Violet) he has accidentally bred escapes from the hydroponics lab. Everyone, including the students, jump into action to save the school, and they succeed. Otto and Wing are suddenly given a small window of opportunity to leave the school forever, but at the last second, they decide to stay. In the last chapter, it is revealed to the readers that Number One, Dr. Nero's boss, in essence, has plans for Otto Malpense. Soon they will meet, and it will not be pretty.
"The Overlord Protocol".
When Wing receives news of his father's death, he selects Otto to accompany him, under Raven's supervision, to the funeral . However, before they can attend the funeral, the trio is attacked by mysterious assassins. Wing appears to be killed by Cypher, a mysterious member of G.L.O.V.E. who wants to seize power. Otto and Raven barely escape with their lives, and hide in one of Raven's numerous, personal safe houses while waiting for instructions from Dr. Nero. Raven plans to attempt to discover what Cypher is up to, with Otto at her side. They discover the unbeatable adversaries they battled with at the original safe house to be robots, engineered for one thing: war. Meanwhile, at H.I.V.E., a betrayal is revealed as the Contessa (a powerful teacher who can control people with her voice) takes over the school. Cypher makes an attack on the school, threatening to kill the students of H.I.V.E to get what he wants. In a sudden turn of events, Wing is found alive and, for the most part, well, and joins his friends in their attempt to save the school. Ultimately, they win the battle, leaving Cypher injured, but not fatally, and Nero insists that he be dead to everyone but himself and the doctor who treated the patient. Otto and his friends find out that Cypher is Wing's father. Otto and his friends find themselves glad to be out of danger and home for good, as well as excited that H.I.V.E.mind has had his personality functions restored.
"Escape Velocity".
Nero is kidnapped by H.O.P.E., the Hostile Operative Prosecution Executive, a new anti-terrorist organisation, and the Contessa takes over H.I.V.E. as headmaster. Otto, Wing, Laura, Shelby and Raven are forced to escape the school and join forces with Diabolus Darkdoom - Nigel's supposedly traitorous dead father - who takes charge from a massive submarine known as the Megalodon. However, it soon emerges that Overlord, inside Number One's body, is behind the entire plot. Otto is Number One's clone, designed as a perfect host body for Overlord. He only narrowly escapes being taken over, and is forced to delete H.I.V.E.mind in the process. Meanwhile, H.I.V.E. is under attack by the executioners known as the Reapers, the fights ensues as the teachers are shut out of H.I.V.E's systems, finally when all hope is lost the Contessa sacrifices herself to save the school by setting off a massive puddle of jet fuel.
"Dreadnought".
The arrival of new student Lucy Dexter causes some confusion among the students, although they quickly befriend her. On their way to a training mission, they briefly visit the Dreadnought, a new mobile command center for G.L.O.V.E. However, the mission is cancelled when the Dreadnought becomes attacked by a rogue G.L.O.V.E. member. Nero, Raven and the students narrowly escape, but Diabolus Darkdoom is left behind and enemy agents that are sent after them.They soon discover that Lucy Dexter is actually the Contessa's Granddaughter and can control people with her voice, which is useful for the adventures they go on. They attempt to rescue Diabolus and foil the plan to use American weaponry, controlled by Air Force One, to set off a super-volcano and destroy civilization. While they succeed in rescuing Darkdoom, Otto must stay behind on an out-of-control Air Force One to disarm the weapon, and he passes out after being in a plane crash, leaving him in the custody of the U.S. Government. Trent speaks to the president then injects the Animus Fluid into Otto.
"Rogue".
Otto has been infected by Animus, an organic supercomputer which turns him into their slave, due to H.O.P.E. With a superhuman assassin called Ghost, he attacks members of G.L.O.V.E., leading Darkdoom to order his execution. Nero sends Raven after him, and Wing stows away with her to try to save Otto, but the pair of them are captured by H.O.P.E. Meanwhile, Laura and a newly freed Cypher help to investigate a mysterious computer program causing power failures at H.I.V.E., which they believe to be Overlord, but is actually H.I.V.E.mind rebuilding himself.
Cypher takes advantage of his freedom to seek out Wing - who believes he is dead - at H.O.P.E.'s base, accompanied by Laura, Shelby and Lucy as hostages that he took when he escaped. The girls escape him and free Raven, and when Otto begins to resist Animus(when he was supposed to kill wing), Wing escapes to join them. When Otto distracts Ghost, Raven slices Ghost's head off, but Cypher finds the group and attempts to kill Otto in order to protect the world from Overlord. Cypher is shot dead by Wing, and Otto is nearly taken over by Overlord, but Laura uses the neural pulse device to eject Overlord and Animus from his system, nearly killing Otto in the process. Sebastian Trent attacks them, but he is taken over and killed by Animus. The students return to H.I.V.E., where Otto recovers, 
o touch it (Dr. Creed) is infected by Animus and becomes Overlord.
Overlord has combined with Animus and is free to move from host to host, but each dies quickly and he seeks out Otto as a permanent home.
"Zero Hour".
Overlord has developed the power to move from body to body. 
New machines have been developed but the first glimpse to the public brings terror as Overlord takes control of the facility (an Advanced Weapons facility in Colorado). He uses self-replicating Nanites which, if released will cause everyone to be a slave of Overlord. Then Raven is exposed to Animus. 
The four, along with Lucy, Nigel, Franz, Nero and Prof. Pike flee to the Megalodon, a mega submarine that belongs to Darkdoom. The battle is nearing the end, and The Disciples, followers of Overlord, are winning. Nero and Darkdoom must call into action their final effort - Zero Hour, in a desperate battle to the death. 
Zero Hour involves all the most successful ex-Alphas, each out-fitted with brand-new machinery and gadgets. They have to fight, and Lucy ends up dying, in a sacrifice for Otto. She tells him, "There always has to be a choice." 
The heroes survive, and it is obvious that Overlord is no more, but the organization that supports him is still very much there (the Disciples). Nero disbands the ruling council of G.L.O.V.E, telling them that they are a part of a "By-gone era".
"Aftershock".
The former members of the G.L.O.V.E. ruling council are outraged at Nero’s decision to disband the whole of the ruling council and create an entire new one, so they decide to join the Disciples in a plot to sabotage the H.I.V.E. training program called the Hunt. Meanwhile, Dr. Nero has underestimated the cunning and resources of those who oppose him. Chief Dekker, the new Chief of Security at H.I.V.E. is actually a member of the Disciples (Overlord’s followers), who forces Laura to find out the location of the Hunt or she will get the Disciples to kill Laura’s family. Laura manages to persuade Otto and the others to help her to steal the location of the Hunt, even though they do not know what Chief Dekker had forced their friend to do.
When the Alphas set out to the Hunt, the Disciples were waiting for them. They murder fifteen Alpha students and kidnap the rest of them (including Laura, Nigel and the two new students, Tom and Penny Otto's old friends) and they are taken to the mysterious assassin training facility called the Glasshouse by Anastasia Furan – the new leader of the Disciples and a ghostly character from Raven’s past. Luckily, Otto, Wing, Shelby and Franz manage to escape and return to H.I.V.E., but Otto ends up being expelled for his part in the stealing of the location of the Hunt. Dr Nero decides to make an agreement with Otto: if he, Raven and H.I.V.E.mind can track down the Disciples, then he will be allowed to return to H.I.V.E.
"Deadlock".
Otto and Raven are desperate to rescue their friends from the clutches of Anastasia Furan, head of the evil Disciples organization. First they must track down the location of the Glasshouse, the prison where Furan trains children to become ruthless assassins. But Otto is also being hunted. The past three months that Otto has spent away from HIVE have given the Artemis Section an opportunity to locate him. The Artemis Section is an elite division of the American intelligence services that specialises in capturing the toughest targets. They report only to the President, which is very bad news for Otto. Anastasia Furan spent years trying to create a clone which looks like Otto named Zero. Otto kills Zero with Hive mind in his head and the New Glasshouse is destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="20913428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913428" title="Tom Pedigo">
Tom Pedigo

Tom Pedigo (4 March 1940 – 25 January 2000) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Terms of Endearment".

</doc>
<doc id="20913438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913438" title="Kimitoön">
Kimitoön

Kimitoön () is a municipality of Finland. It was created on January 1, 2009, when the municipalities of Dragsfjärd, Kimito and Västanfjärd were consolidated into a single municipality.
It is located in the province of Western Finland and is part of the Finland Proper region. The municipality has a population of () and covers an area of of which is water. The population density is .
The municipality is bilingual with majority speaking Swedish and minority Finnish as their native language.
Politics.
Results of the Finnish parliamentary election, 2011 in Kimitoön:

</doc>
<doc id="20913462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913462" title="Anthony Mondell">
Anthony Mondell

Anthony Mondell (born Anthony Mondelli) was born in Los Angeles, California to Italian parents, Olimpia née Giove, and Francesco "Frank" Mondelli, native from Canneto (Adelfia, Apulia region, Italy).
Anthony Mondelli, or Mondell, was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Terms of Endearment".

</doc>
<doc id="20913490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913490" title="Combinatorics on words">
Combinatorics on words

Combinatorics on words is a fairly new field of mathematics, branching from combinatorics, which focuses on the study of words and formal languages. The subject looks at letters or symbols, and the sequences they form. Combinatorics on words affects various areas of mathematical study, including algebra and computer science. There have been a wide range of contributions to the field. Some of the first work was on square-free words by Thue in the early 1900s. He and colleagues observed patterns within words and tried to explain them. As time went on, combinatorics on words became useful in the study of algorithms and coding. It led to developments in abstract algebra and answering open questions.
Definition.
Combinatorics is an area of discrete mathematics. Discrete mathematics is the study of countable structures. These objects have a definite beginning and end. The study of enumerable objects is the opposite of disciplines such as analysis, where calculus and infinite structures are studied. Combinatorics studies how to count these objects using various representation. Combinatorics on words is a recent development in this field, which focuses on the study of words and formal languages. A formal language is any set of symbols and combinations of symbols that people use to communicate information. 
Some terminology relevant to the study of words should first be explained. First and foremost, a word is basically a sequence of symbols, or letters, in a finite set. One of these sets is known by the general public as the alphabet. For example, the word "encyclopedia" is a sequence of symbols in the English alphabet, a finite set of twenty-six letters. Since a word can be described as a sequence, other basic mathematical descriptions can be applied. The alphabet is a set, so as one would expect, the empty set is a subset. In other words, there exists a unique word of length zero. The length of the word is defined by the number of symbols that make up the sequence, and is denoted by |w|. Again looking at the example "encyclopedia", |w| = 12, since encyclopedia has twelve letters. Most people have a knowledge of factoring large numbers into their decomposition. This idea can be applied to words as well. A factor of a word is a block of consecutive symbols. Using a different example: if the word "summer" is examined, it has the factor "m", since the letter is repeated twice.
In addition to examining sequences in themselves, another area to consider of combinatorics on words is how they can be represented visually. In mathematics various structures are used to encode data. A common structure used in combinatorics is referred to as a tree structure. A tree structure is a graph where the vertices are connected by one line, called a path or edge. These trees may or may not contain cycles, and may or may not be complete. It is possible to encode a word, since a word is constructed by symbols, and encode the data by using a tree. This gives a visual representation of the object.
Major contributions.
The first books on combinatorics on words that summarize the origins of the subject were written by a group of mathematicians that collectively went by the name of M. Lothaire. Their first book was published in 1983, when combinatorics on words became more widespread.
Patterns.
Patterns within words.
A main contributor to the development of combinatorics on words was Axel Thue (1863-1922); he researched repetition. Thue's main contribution was the proof of the existence of infinite square-free words. Square-free words do not have adjacent factors. To clarify, "summer" is not square-free since m is repeated consecutively, while "encyclopedia" is square-free. Thue proves his conjecture on the existence of infinite square-free words by using substitutions. A substitution is a way to take a symbol and replace it with a word. He uses this technique to describe his other contribution, the Thue-Morse sequence, or Thue-Morse word.
Thue wrote two papers on square-free words, the second of which was on the Thue-Morse word. Marston Morse is included in the name because he discovered the same result as Thue did, yet they worked independently. Thue also proved the existence of an overlap-free word. An overlap-free word is when, for two symbols x and y, the pattern xyxyx does not exist within the word. He continues in his second paper to prove a relationship between infinite overlap-free words and square-free words. He takes overlap-free words that are created using two different letters, and demonstrates how they can be transformed into square-free words of three letters using substitution. Eugène Prouhet continued with Thue's work to improve the Thue-Morse word. 
As was previously described, words are studied by examining the sequences made by the symbols. Patterns are found, and they are able to be described mathematically. Patterns can be either avoidable patterns, or unavoidable. A significant contributor to the work of unavoidable patterns, or regularities, was Frank Ramsey in 1930. His important theorem states that for integers k, m≥2, there exists a least positive integer R(k,m) such that despite how a complete graph is colored with two colors, there will always exist a solid color subgraph of each color. 
Other contributors to the study of unavoidable patterns include van der Waerden. His theorem states that if the positive integers are partitioned into k classes, then there exists a class c such that c contains an arithmetic progression of some unknown length. An arithmetic progression is a sequence of numbers in which the difference between adjacent numbers remains constant. 
When examining unavoidable patterns sesquipowers are also studied. For some patterns x,y,z, a sesquipower is of the form x, xyx, xyxzxyx, ... This is another pattern such as square-free, or unavoidable patterns. Coudrain and Schützenberger mainly studied these sesquipowers for group theory applications. In addition, Zimin proved that sesquipowers are all unavoidable. Whether the entire pattern shows up, or only some piece of the sesquipower shows up repetitively, it is not possible to avoid it.
Patterns within alphabets.
Necklaces are constructed from words of circular sequences. They are most frequently used in music and astronomy. Flye Sainte-Marie in 1894 proved there are 22n-1-n binary de Bruijn necklaces of length 2n. A de Bruijn necklace contains factors made of words of length n over a certain number of letters. The words appear only once in the necklace.
In 1874, Baudot developed the code that would eventually take the place of Morse code by applying the theory of binary de Bruijn necklaces. The problem continued from Sainte-Marie to Martin in 1934, who began looking at algorithms to make words of the de Bruijn structure. It was then worked on by Posthumus in 1943.
Language Hierarchy.
Possibly the most applied result in combinatorics on words is the Chomsky hierarchy, developed by Noam Chomsky. He studied formal language in the 1950s. His way of looking at language simplified the subject. He disregards the actual meaning of the word, does not consider certain factors such as frequency and context, and applies patterns of short terms to all length terms. The basic idea of Chomsky's work is to divide language into four levels, or the language hierarchy. The four levels are: regular, context-free, context-sensitive, and computably enumerable or unrestricted. Regular is the least complex while computably enumerable is the most complex. While his work grew out of combinatorics on words, it drastically affected other disciplines, especially computer science.
Word Types.
Sturmian Words.
Sturmian words, created by François Sturm, have roots in combinatorics on words. Consider a word containing factors of length n. In a Sturmian word, the factor of length n appears exactly n+1 times.
Lyndon Word.
A Lyndon word is a word over a given alphabet that is written in its simplest and most ordered form out of its respective conjugacy class. Lyndon words are important because for any given Lyndon word x, there exists Lyndon words y and z, with y<z, x=yz. Further, there exists a theorem by Chen, Fox, and Lyndon, that states any Lyndon word has a unique factorization of Lyndon words, where the factorization words are non-increasing. Due to this property, Lyndon words are used to study algebra, specifically group theory. They form the basis for the idea of commutators.
Visual Representation.
Cobham contributed work relating Prouhet's work with finite automata. A mathematical graph is made of edges and nodes. With finite automata, the edges are labeled with a letter in an alphabet. To use the graph, one starts at a node and travels along the edges to reach a final node. The path taken along the graph forms the word. It is a finite graph because there are a countable number of nodes and edges, and only one path connects two distinct nodes. 
Gauss codes, created by Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1838, are developed from graphs. Specifically, a closed curve on a plane is needed. If the curve only crosses over itself a finite number of times, then one labels the intersections with a letter from the alphabet used. Traveling along the curve, the word is determined by recording each letter as an intersection is passed. Gauss noticed that the distance between when the same symbol shows up in a word is an even integer.
Group Theory.
Walther Franz Anton von Dyck began the work of combinatorics on words in group theory by his published work in 1882 and 1883. He began by using words as group elements. Lagrange also contributed in 1771 with his work on permutation groups. 
One aspect of combinatorics on words studied in group theory is reduced words. A group is constructed with words on some alphabet including generators and inverse elements, excluding factors that appear of the form aā or āa, for some a in the alphabet. Reduced words are formed when the factors aā, āa are used to cancel out elements until a unique word is reached. 
Nielsen transformations were also developed. For a set of elements of a free group, a Nielsen transformation is achieved by three transformations; replacing an element with its inverse, replacing an element with the product of itself and another element, and eliminating any element equal to 1. By applying these transformations Nielsen reduced sets are formed. A reduced set means no element can be multiplied by other elements to cancel out completely. There are also connections with Nielsen transformations with Sturmian words.
Considered problems.
One problem considered in the study of combinatorics on words in group theory is the following: for two elements x,y of a semigroup, does x=y modulo the defining relations of x and y. Post and Markov studied this problem and determined it undecidable. Undecidable means the theory cannot be proved.
The Burnside question was proved using the existence of an infinite cube-free word. This question asks if a group is finite if the group has a definite number of generators and meets the criteria xn=1, for x in the group. 
Many word problems are undecidable based on the Post correspondence problem. The Post correspondence problem states for substitutions x, and y mapping from some alphabet A to some alphabet B, does there exist a word m in A such that x(m)=y(m)? Post determined that this problem is undecidable, thus when word problems are reduced to this basic problem, they can be determined as well to be undecidable.
Other applications.
Combinatorics on words have applications on equations. Makanin proved that it is possible to find a solution for a finite system of equations, when the equations are constructed from words.

</doc>
<doc id="20913535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913535" title="Jinsang Lee">
Jinsang Lee

Jinsang Lee (; born 1981) is a South Korean classical pianist.
Born in Seoul, Lee began his education at Korea National University of Arts, where he attended the classes of Professor Daejin Kim. He graduated in 2003. Subsequently he journeyed to Europe to pursue further studies: from 2003 to 2006 at the Hochschule für Musik Nürnberg as a pupil of Professors Wolfgang Manz and Julia Goldstein, and at the Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln and under guidance of Professor Pavel Gililov.
Lee won first prizes at the International Piano Competition Cologne in 2005 and at the Hong Kong International Piano Competition in August 2008. In Zurich he not only walked off with the winner's prize at the Concours Géza Anda 2009, but the Audience Prize as well, in addition to winning the Mozart Prize and the Schumann Prize for the best interpretation of his work.
Jinsang Lee has performed concerts with renowned conductors, such as Vladimir Ashkenazy, Christopher Warren-Green, Peter Gülke, Heinz Holliger, Eivind Gullberg-Jensen, Michail Jurowski, Roman Kofman, Ola Rudner and Muhai Tang. He has performed with famous orchestras, e.g. the Konzerthausorchester Berlin, the Nuremberg Symphony Orchestra, the Sendai Philharmonic Orchestra, the Shanghai Philharmonic Orchestra, the Tonhalle Orchester Zurich, the WDR Symphony Orchestra Cologne and the Vienna Chamber Orchestra. His concert activity has taken him to various countries, including Germany, Switzerland, Austria, England, France, Italy, Russia, as well as North and South America and Asia. He presents at the several festivals, such as Busoni Festival (Italy), International Chamber Music Festival of Cervo (Italy), Lucerne Festival (Switzerland), Menuhin Festival (Switzerland), Montreux Festival (Switzerland), Piano Festival Ruhr (Germany) his impressive, profound music world. Numerous invitations led him on the international concert stage, e.g. Konzerthaus Berlin, Louvre Museum, Kultur- und Kongresszentrum Luzern, Meistersingerhalle Nuremberg, Tonhalle Zurich and Konzerthaus Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20913541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913541" title="Toni Koivisto">
Toni Koivisto

Toni Koivisto (born 5 November 1982 in Ylitornio) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Luleå HF of the Swedish Elitserien (SEL).
Playing career.
A native of Ylitornio, Finland, Koivisto moved to Rauma as a teenager in 1998 to play for Lukko, as northern Finland lacked an SM-liiga team at that time. After one year spent with the Lukko junior A team, Koivisto debuted in the SM-liiga in the 1999-2000 season, although he still split his time between the adult and the junior teams. In 2000, Koivisto appeared in the U18 World Championships and won the gold medal with Team Finland. He also represented Finland in the 2001 and 2002 World Junior Championships, coming home with silver and bronze, respectively.
After six mediocre seasons with Lukko, Koivisto moved to Tampere to play for Ilves. In his first season there he reached for the first time the 30 points mark, and the 40 points mark in the two following seasons.
In 2008, Koivisto returned to the north to play for Kärpät, the closest major club to Ylitornio, which had been promoted to SM-liiga in his absence. In Oulu, Koivisto rose to stardom, scoring 62 points in 58 games during both of his two seasons with Kärpät.
Koivisto signed a two-year contract with Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the KHL on 26 May 2009. In his first season with Metallurg in 2009–10, Koivisto struggled offensively scoring only 19 points in 51 games, he forwent his final year and signed a new two-year contract with Frölunda HC of the Swedish Elitserien (SEL) on May 20, 2010.
After scoring only 1 goal in the 2011–12 season's first 17 games, Frölunda and Koivisto decided to split apart on 31 October 2011. He subsequently signed a one-season contract with Luleå HF of the same league (Elitserien) on 6 November 2011, expiring after the end of the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20913590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913590" title="Leslie Tomkins">
Leslie Tomkins

Leslie Tomkins (born 1948) is an English art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Yentl".

</doc>
<doc id="20913594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913594" title="Dreamy">
Dreamy

Dreamy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20913616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913616" title="Duffield">
Duffield

Duffield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20913643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913643" title="Endocrine Journal">
Endocrine Journal

Endocrine Journal is a peer reviewed medical journal published by the Japan Endocrine Society. 
The journal was first published in 1954 under the title "Endocrinologia Japonica", and was renamed to its current title in 1993 starting from Volume 40.

</doc>
<doc id="20913655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913655" title="Flood control">
Flood control

Flood control refers to all methods used to reduce or prevent the detrimental effects of flood waters.
Causes of floods.
Floods are caused by many factors: heavy rainfall, highly accelerated snowmelt, severe winds over water, unusual high tides, tsunamis, or failure of dams, levees, retention ponds, or other structures that retained the water. Flooding can be exacerbated by increased amounts of impervious surface or by other natural hazards such as wildfires, which reduce the supply of vegetation that can absorb rainfall.
Periodic floods occur on many rivers, forming a surrounding region known as the flood plain.
During times of rain, some of the water is retained in ponds or soil, some is absorbed by grass and vegetation, some evaporates, and the rest travels over the land as surface runoff. Floods occur when ponds, lakes, riverbeds, soil, and vegetation cannot absorb all the water. Water then runs off the land in quantities that cannot be carried within stream channels or retained in natural ponds, lakes, and man-made reservoirs. About 30 percent of all precipitation becomes runoff and that amount might be increased by water from melting snow. River flooding is often caused by heavy rain, sometimes increased by melting snow. A flood that rises rapidly, with little or no advance warning, is called a flash flood. Flash floods usually result from intense rainfall over a relatively small area, or if the area was already saturated from previous precipitation.
Severe winds over water.
Even when rainfall is relatively light, the s of lakes and bays can be flooded by severe winds—such as during hurricanes—that blow water into the shore areas.
Unusual high tides.
Coastal areas are sometimes flooded by unusually high tides, such as spring tides, especially when compounded by high winds and storm surges.
Tsunamis.
Tsunamis are high, large waves, typically caused by undersea earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or massive explosions.
Effects of floods.
Flooding has many impacts. It damages property and endangers the lives of humans and other species. Rapid water runoff causes soil erosion and concomitant sediment deposition elsewhere (such as further downstream or down a coast). The spawning grounds for fish and other wildlife habitats can become polluted or completely destroyed. Some prolonged high floods can delay traffic in areas which lack elevated roadways. Floods can interfere with drainage and economic use of lands, such as interfering with farming. Structural damage can occur in bridge abutments, bank lines, sewer lines, and other structures within floodways. Waterway navigation and hydroelectric power are often impaired. Financial losses due to floods are typically millions of dollars each year, with the worst floods in recent U.S. history having cost billions of dollars.
Control of floods.
Some methods of flood control have been practiced since ancient times. These methods include planting vegetation to retain extra water, terracing hillsides to slow flow downhill, and the construction of floodways (man-made channels to divert floodwater). Other techniques include the construction of levees, lakes, dams, reservoirs or retention ponds to hold extra water during times of flooding.
Methods of control.
Temporary Perimeter Barriers.
In 1988, a method of using water to control was discovered. This was accomplished by containing 2 parallel tubes within a third outer tube. When filled, this structure formed a non-rolling wall of water that can control 75 percent of its height in external water depth, with dry ground behind it. 8' tall water filled barriers were used to surround Fort Calhoun Nuclear Generating Station during the 2011 Missouri River Flooding. Instead of trucking in sandbag material for a flood, stacking it, then trucking it out to a hazmat disposal site, flood control can be accomplished by using the on site water.
Dams.
Many dams and their associated reservoirs are designed completely or partially to aid in flood protection and control. Many large dams have flood-control reservations in which the level of a reservoir must be kept below a certain elevation before the onset of the rainy/summer melt season so as to allow a certain amount of space in which floodwaters can fill. The term dry dam refers to a dam that serves purely for flood control without any conservation storage (e.g. Mount Morris Dam, Seven Oaks Dam).
Self-closing flood barrier.
The self-closing flood barrier (SCFB) is a flood defense system designed to protect people and property from inland waterway floods caused by heavy rainfall, gales or rapid melting snow. The SCFB can be built to protect residential properties and whole communities, as well as industrial or other strategic areas. The barrier system is constantly ready to deploy in a flood situation, it can be installed in any length and uses the rising flood water to deploy. Barrier systems have already been built and installed in Belgium, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands, Thailand, United Kingdom, Vietnam, Australia, Russia and the United States. Millions of documents at the National Archives building in Washington DC are protected by two SCFBs.
River defences.
In many countries, rivers are prone to floods and are often carefully managed. Defences such as levees, bunds, reservoirs, and weirs are used to prevent rivers from bursting their banks. When these defences fail, emergency measures such as sandbags or portable inflatable tubes are used.
A weir, also known as a lowhead dam, is most often used to create millponds, but on the Humber River in Toronto, a weir was built near Raymore Drive to prevent a recurrence of the flood damage caused by Hurricane Hazel in 1954.
Coastal defences.
Coastal flooding has been addressed in Europe and the Americas with coastal defences, such as sea walls, beach nourishment, and barrier islands.
Tide gates are used in conjunction with dykes and culverts. They can be placed at the mouth of streams or small rivers, where an estuary begins or where tributary streams, or drainage ditches connect to sloughs. Tide gates close during incoming tides to prevent tidal waters from moving upland, and open during outgoing tides to allow waters to drain out via the culvert and into the estuary side of the dike. The opening and closing of the gates is driven by a difference in water level on either side of the gate.
Flood control by continent.
Americas.
An elaborate system of floodway defenses can be found in the Canadian province of Manitoba. The Red River flows northward from the United States, passing through the city of Winnipeg (where it meets the Assiniboine River) and into Lake Winnipeg. As is the case with all north-flowing rivers in the temperate zone of the Northern Hemisphere, snowmelt in southern sections may cause river levels to rise before northern sections have had a chance to completely thaw. This can lead to devastating flooding, as occurred in Winnipeg during the spring of 1950. To protect the city from future floods, the Manitoba government undertook the construction of a massive system of diversions, dikes, and floodways (including the Red River Floodway and the Portage Diversion). The system kept Winnipeg safe during the 1997 flood which devastated many communities upriver from Winnipeg, including Grand Forks, North Dakota and Ste. Agathe, Manitoba.
In the United States, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is the lead flood control agency.
In the New Orleans Metropolitan Area, 35 percent of which sits below sea level, is protected by hundreds of miles of levees and flood gates. This system failed catastrophically, with numerous breaks, during Hurricane Katrina (2005) in the city proper and in eastern sections of the Metro Area, resulting in the inundation of approximately 50 percent of the metropolitan area, ranging from a few inches to twenty feet in coastal communities.
The Morganza Spillway provides a method of diverting water from the Mississippi River when a river flood threatens New Orleans, Baton Rouge and other major cities on the lower Mississippi. It is the largest of a system of spillways and floodways along the Mississippi. Completed in 1954, the spillway has been opened twice, in 1973 and in 2011.
In an act of successful flood prevention, the federal government offered to buy out flood-prone properties in the United States in order to prevent repeated disasters after the 1993 flood across the Midwest. Several communities accepted and the government, in partnership with the state, bought 25,000 properties which they converted into wetlands. These wetlands act as a sponge in storms and in 1995, when the floods returned, the government did not have to expend resources in those areas.
Asia.
In India, Bangladesh and China, flood diversion areas are rural areas that are deliberately flooded in emergencies in order to protect cities.
The consequences of deforestation and changing land use on the risk and severity of flooding are subjects of discussion. In assessing the impacts of Himalayan deforestation on the Ganges-Brahmaputra Lowlands, it was found that forests would not have prevented or significantly reduced flooding in the case of an extreme weather event. However, more general or overview studies agree on the negative impacts deforestation has on flood safety - and the positive effects of wise land use and reforestation.
Many have proposed that loss of vegetation (deforestation) will lead to an increased risk of flooding. With natural forest cover the flood duration should decrease. Reducing the rate of deforestation should improve the incidents and severity of floods.
Africa.
In Egypt, both the Aswan Dam (1902) and the Aswan High Dam (1976) have controlled various amounts of flooding along the Nile river.
Europe.
Following the misery and destruction caused by the 1910 Great Flood of Paris, the French government built a series of reservoirs called Les Grands Lacs de Seine (or Great Lakes) which helps remove pressure from the Seine during floods, especially the regular winter flooding.
London is protected from flooding by a huge mechanical barrier across the River Thames, which is raised when the water level reaches a certain point (see: Thames Barrier). 
Venice has a similar arrangement, although it is already unable to cope with very high tides. The defenses of both London and Venice will be rendered inadequate if sea levels continue to rise.
The largest and most elaborate flood defenses can be found in the Netherlands, where they are referred to as Delta Works with the Oosterschelde dam as its crowning achievement. These works were built in response to the North Sea flood of 1953, in the southwestern part of the Netherlands. The Dutch had already built one of the world's largest dams in the north of the country. The Afsluitdijk closing occurred in 1932.
The Saint Petersburg Flood Prevention Facility Complex was completed in 2008, in Russia, to protect Saint Petersburg from storm surges. It also has a main traffic function, as it completes a ring road around Saint Petersburg. Eleven dams extend for and stand above water level.
Flood clean-up safety.
Clean-up activities following floods often pose hazards to workers and volunteers involved in the effort. Potential dangers include electrical hazards, carbon monoxide exposure, musculoskeletal hazards, heat or cold stress, motor vehicle-related dangers, fire, drowning, and exposure to hazardous materials. Because flooded disaster sites are unstable, clean-up workers might encounter sharp jagged debris, biological hazards in the flood water, exposed electrical lines, blood or other body fluids, and animal and human remains. In planning for and reacting to flood disasters, managers provide workers with hard hats, goggles, heavy work gloves, life jackets, and watertight boots with steel toes and insoles.
Future.
Europe is at the forefront of the flood control technology, with low-lying countries such as the Netherlands and Belgium developing techniques that can serve as examples to other countries facing similar problems.
After Hurricane Katrina, the US state of Louisiana sent politicians to the Netherlands to take a tour of the complex and highly developed flood control system in place in the Netherlands. With a BBC article quoting experts as saying 70 percent more people will live in delta cities by 2050, the number of people impacted by a rise in sea level will greatly increase. The Netherlands has one of the best flood control systems in the world and new ways to deal with water are constantly being developed and tested, such as the underground storage of water, storing water in reservoirs in large parking garages or on playgrounds, Rotterdam started a project to construct a floating housing development of to deal with rising sea levels. Several approaches, from high-tech sensors detecting imminent levee failure to movable semi-circular structures closing an entire river, are being developed or used around the world. Regular maintenance of hydraulic structures, however, is another crucial part of flood control.
Benefits of flooding.
There are many disruptive effects of flooding on human settlements and economic activities. However, flooding can bring benefits, such as making soil more fertile and providing nutrients in which it is deficient. Periodic flooding was essential to the well-being of ancient communities along the Tigris-Euphrates Rivers, the Nile River, the Indus River, the Ganges and the Yellow River, among others. The viability for hydrologically based renewable sources of energy is higher in flood-prone regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20913658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913658" title="List of Emmerdale characters (2004)">
List of Emmerdale characters (2004)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2004, by order of first appearance.
Noah Sharma.
Noah Christopher Sharma (né Christopher Francis Tate, Jr; previously Noah Tate) is the son of Charity and Chris Tate. He appeared from 2004 to 2005 and returned in 2009 along with his mother, Charity.
Noah is born in prison while Charity was serving a life sentence for the murder of his father, Chris, who had actually committed suicide. His paternity was doubtful as Charity had slept with her cousins, Cain and Marlon as well as her husband, but DNA tests confirmed he was Chris's son. Charity, knowing she couldn't keep Noah with her in prison, sells him to his aunt Zoe, who calls him Christopher after her brother. In return for this, Zoe tells the court that Chris framed Charity for murder and she is freed. The courts, however, do not allow Zoe to adopt Christopher, due to her current workload, other family commitments and mental illness so Charity takes him back, returning his name to Noah and leaves the village in 2005. 
In October 2009, Noah and Charity return to the village when Charity discovers that her fiance, Michael, has been having an affair with Charity's daughter, Debbie. After the wedding is called off, Noah and Charity move in with Debbie and her daughter, Sarah. Charity sends Noah to the local primary school as he is too old to go to playgroup with Sarah.
Noah believes that Michael was his father, so he was crushed to discover his father was dead. Charity raises Noah's hope by getting engaged to Cain Dingle . Noah asks Cain to be his "forever daddy" and Cain, gets tearful, and tells the little lad that he will always be there for him. Noah is thrilled, and is pleased to be living with his mum, Cain, His sister Debbie Dingle and his young niece Sarah. Noah lives happily in Tug Ghyll up until early 2011 when Cain gets paranoid about Charity and her boss Jai Sharma apparently "having an affair". Charity is devastated when Cain sleeps with Faye Lamb and Charity realizes there is a spark between her and Jai and moves into Holdgate Farm with The Sharma's and Noah. Noah begins to miss Cain and is devastated when Cain gets attacked by his dad (Noah's great uncle Zak Dingle. Noah is later crushed when Charity announces her engagement to Jai. Noah begins to warm to Jai, and tells him that he "doesn't mind" him marrying Charity, as long as he doesn't have to call him Dad, like he did with Michael and Cain. Secretly, Noah doesn't think that the wedding will ever happen, so he is shocked when Charity becomes Mrs. Sharma. Jai wants children but Charity says two is enough, as Jai has gained two extra children (Noah and Debbie) and has become a granddad to Sarah, which Jai doesn't like, but laughs when Charity is called Granny. Instead of having children, Jai asks Charity if he can adopt Noah, but Charity is secretly having regrets about the marriage after seeing Cain and Moira Barton together but they settle to change Noah's name to Noah Christopher Sharma. Noah loves playing on the Xbox with Jai and Rishi Sharma and loves being one of the family.
Noah was upset when Charity left Jai following the revelation of his fling with Rachel Breckle (Gemma Oaten) and also with the fact they had to live with Debbie, Sarah & Jack.
Colleen King.
Colleen King, played by Melanie Ash, is the first wife of Carl King, appearing in 2004, 2005 and 2010.
Colleen is divorced from Carl, with whom she had two children Thomas and Anya. She has custody of the children, and appears in the village briefly in 2004 and 2005 when they visit Carl. Colleen returned in January 2010 with Thomas and Anya as she was going to visit her husband, Stefan, in hospital after had been injured in a work accident, and her sister would not have them so she dropped them off at Carl's whilst she nursed Stefan back to health. In April 2010, Colleen returned and told Carl she wanted to emigrate to Saudi Arabia and take the children with her. She left with Thomas and Anya the following day.
Thomas King.
Thomas King is the son of Carl King (Tom Lister). He appeared in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2012 and 2013
Named after his grandfather, Tom King (Ken Farrington), Thomas's parents separated when he was young. He first appears in 2004 when his mother tells Carl she wants a divorce and initially refuses to let him see the children. 
However, Thomas and his sister, Anya, visit their father in 2005, 2006 and June 2007. In February 2009, he and Anya visit, following Carl's engagement to Lexi Nicholls (Sally Oliver). Thomas is meant to attend his father's wedding but stays at home, due to chicken pox. In January 2010, Colleen arrives with the children, asking Carl to look after them as her husband has had an accident at work. They move into Mill Cottage temporarily. Thomas and Anya cause problems for Ashley (John Middleton) and Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) and Edna Birch (Shirley Stelfox). In April 2010, Colleen returns and tells Carl she wants to emigrate to Saudi Arabia and take the children with her. She leaves with Thomas and Anya the following day.
Thomas returns along with Anya eight months later on Christmas Eve in preparation for Carl's wedding to Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) the following day. After the wedding ends in chaos with Chas jilting Carl and revealing his affair with Eve Jenson (Suzanne Shaw), Carl takes Thomas and Anya back home to Saudi Arabia.
Thomas and Anya return to the village in October 2012, following their father's murder. Thomas asks his uncle Jimmy (Nick Miles) why Chas, who is believed to be Carl's killer, killed Carl. Jimmy is hesitant in telling them so Thomas goes to the local garage and asks Chas's brother Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and he tells Thomas that Chas killed Carl because he tried to rape her. Thomas later confronts Jimmy with this information and Jimmy is forced to tell Thomas and Anya that Cain is telling the truth and that Carl had been trying to rape Chas when he was killed. Thomas angrily tears up a photograph of his father. 
The following day, Thomas gets upset during his father's funeral service and angrily blurts out that Carl is a rapist in front of the congregation in the church as Jimmy is reading a eulogy about Carl. Thomas also claims that his father got what he deserved and leaves the church in a distressed state. Edna tracks Thomas down to the Cricket Pavilion and attempts to talk him round, telling him that he only has one chance to say goodbye to his father. Thomas accompanies Edna to the cemetery in time for the burial and comforts Anya by the graveside. Following the wake, Thomas and Anya return to the cemetery to discover Cameron Murray (Dominic Power), who unbeknownst to them is Carl's real killer, by the grave. He tells them he is sorry for their loss and leaves.
The day after the funeral, Sean Spencer (Luke Roskell) invites Thomas and Anya to a party his father, Dan (Liam Fox), is holding in the cafe but Thomas is too upset to go. On 5 November, Thomas and Anya return to their mother in Saudi Arabia. They bid an emotional farewell to Jimmy and his wife Nicola (Nicola Wheeler) and their Aunt Scarlett (Kelsey-Beth Crossley) drives them to the airport.
Thomas returns to the village in January 2013, when he is revealed to have been stalking Chas. Thomas had been sending her photos in the post, of her and Carl together with her eyes on the pictures scrateched out, telephoning the pub on a withheld number, and slightly injuring her when he throws a glass bottle at her outside the Woolpack. He is revealed as the stalker when, after he graffities the wall of the pub's living room, and is disturbed by Gabby Thomas (Annelise Manojlovic), Chas and Jimmy chase him and apprehend him when he trips over.
Thomas reveals that he wanted revenge on Chas for killing his father. She tries to apologise to him and explains that she was acting in self-defence but Thomas refuses to forgive her. Jimmy lets Thomas stay at his house, much to Nicola's disapproval. Jimmy intends to send Thomas back home to Saudi Arabia but Thomas begs to stay, claiming that his mother does not care about him. Feeling guilty, Jimmy agrees and gives Thomas a job cleaning the haulage firms trucks.
Nicola's sister Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) gets her boyfriend Steve Harland (Tom Mannion) to give Thomas a job at the stables at Home Farm. Still wanting revenge on Chas, Thomas begins manipulating Sean, claiming that Chas had been bad-mouthing his father, to whom she had been married, behind his back. An infuriated Sean throws a brick through the window of the Woolpack. Sean confesses this to Steve who sacks Thomas from his job at the stables because of his trouble making.
When Cameron, now in a relationship with Chas, returns to the village after visiting his children in Jersey, he warns Thomas to stay away from Chas and leave her alone. Thomas continues to get up to mischief with Sean. The boys steal Sandy Thomas's (Freddie Jones) mobility scooter and damage it by driving it through a ford. Thomas also befriends local girls Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) and Gemma Andrews (Tendai Rinomhota). Belle develops a crush on Thomas and poses for provocative pictures which Gemma takes on her mobile phone in an attempt to get him to notice her. 
Nicola convinces Chas to give Thomas a job as a kitchen hand at the Woolpack. Thomas agrees and tells Chas he wants a fresh start. Cameron is unnerved by Thomas's presence and tries to bully him out of his job, accusing him of still wanting revenge on Chas and criticizing him for every mistake he makes. Eventually when he discovers Thomas upset and crying, he feels guilty and gives Thomas a rise in his wages. Thomas accuses him of being "weird".
Thomas and Belle then begin a relationship after kissing at Sandy's 80th birthday party. They keep it a secret from their families at first but the truth eventually comes out. Jimmy and Nicola ban Thomas from seeing Belle and Belle's parents ban her from seeing Thomas. Thomas goes to visit Belle at Wishing Well Cottage and her father Zak (Steve Halliwell) arrives home to discover them kissing and orders Thomas to leave.
Jimmy reveals that he intends to send Thomas back to his mother in Saudi Arabia. He and Nicola then convince Bernice to sack Thomas from his job at the pub. Thomas and Belle then decide to run away together and, with Sean's help, they steal Dan's camper van, and drive away from the village. Belle's mother Lisa (Jane Cox) becomes convinced that Thomas intends to attack Belle, like his father did to Chas. She calls the police and reports that Thomas abducted Belle.
When Belle reveals that Carl had been in the camper the night he died, Thomas becomes upset. He then turns the vehicle round and drives them back to the village, telling Belle that he wants to do the right thing. Jimmy and Nicola then arrange for Thomas to be sent home. On the day he is due to depart, Nicola realises that Jimmy is upset by Thomas's upcoming departure. As he is about to leave in a taxi she stops him and asks him to stay. Thomas then goes to see Belle and she tells him that she hates her parents and blames them for ruining their relationship and her life. Thomas feels guilty and decides to leave after all. He steals Dan's camper van again, and flees the village. The police later tell Jimmy and Nicola that the camper has been found at the airport. Jimmy telephones Colleen in Saudi Arabia and she tells him that Thomas had arrived home, safe and sound, and shut himself in his room, not wanting to speak to anyone. 
Anya King.
Andrea "Anya" King is the daughter of Carl King. She appeared in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010 and 2012.
Anya's parents separated when she was young and she first appears in 2004 when her mother Colleen tells Carl that she wants a divorce and initially refuses to let him see the children. 
However, Anya and her brother, Thomas, visit their father in 2005, 2006 and June 2007. In February 2009, she and Thomas visit, following Carl's engagement to Lexi Nicholls. Anya is meant to attend her father's wedding the following month but stays at home with chicken pox. 
In January 2010, Colleen arrives with the children, asking Carl to look after them as her husband has had an accident at work. They move into Mill Cottage temporarily. In April 2010, Colleen returns and tells Carl she wants to emigrate to Saudi Arabia and take the children with her. She leaves with Anya and Thomas the following day. 
Anya returns with Thomas eight months later on Christmas Eve in preparation for Carl's wedding to Chas Dingle the following day. After the wedding ends in chaos with Chas jilting Carl and revealing his affair with Eve Jenson, Carl takes Anya and Thomas back home to Saudi Arabia.
Anya and Thomas return to the village in October 2012, following their father's murder. Anya is initially hostile to her Uncle Jimmy and his wife Nicola, stating that Mill Cottage is smaller than she remembered it and that their home in Saudi Arabia has two swimming pools. The following day, Anya goes through her father's belongings with Jimmy and he is forced to tell her and Thomas that Chas, who is believed to be Carl's killer, killed him because he tried to rape her. Jimmy later gives Anya Carl's hip flask.
Anya goes to visit the offices of the haulage company to see where her father worked and meets Charity Sharma, Carl and Jimmy's business partner who had been going to buy Carl out of the business before his death. Thinking that Carl's shares will be inherited by his children, Charity offers to agree a price with Anya if she stays behind after the funeral but Rodney Blackstock ushers Anya out, accusing Charity of trying to rip her off and takes her home. Anya's Aunt Scarlett Nicholls warns her to steer clear of Charity and that she is using her. 
During Carl's funeral, Anya is upset when Thomas causes a scene in the church, revealing Carl's rape attempt to the congregation and claiming that he got what he deserved before leaving the church in a distressed state. Anya is comforted by Scarlett and reconciles with Thomas by the graveside during the burial. Later, Thomas and Anya return to the cemetery following the wake and meet Cameron Murray, who unbeknownst to them is their father's real killer, by the graveside. He tells them that he is sorry for their loss and leaves.
The following day, Sean Spencer invites Thomas and Anya to party his father Dan is holding in the cafe. Thomas is too upset to attend but Anya goes to the party with Scarlett. Anya attempts to talk to Sean, who is attracted to her, but he follows his father's advice and plays hard to get with her. Anya is unimpressed and leaves with Scarlett and Sean is angry with his father for interfering. 
On 5 November, Anya and Thomas return to their mother in Saudi Arabia. Before they leave, Scarlett warns them to call them if Charity tries to contact them regarding their father's shares of the haulage firm. Anya and Thomas bid an emotional farewell to Jimmy and Nicola and Anya promises to speak to her cousin Angelica via a skype connection. Scarlett then drives them to the airport. 
PC Mike Swirling.
Police Constable Mike Swirling is a local police officer. He has appeared since 2004. PC Swirling often appears in the village whenever the police are called, selected appearances are detailed here.
On 28 December 2006, Swirling appears when a fight breaks out in the street between Carl King and Jamie Hope. Jamie presses charges and Swirling arrests Carl for assault. In April 2007, he is called to the Post Office by Viv Hope when Belle Dingle steals a packet of sweets, and then insults her. Whilst waiting for the police, Viv locks Belle and her mother Lisa in the shop. When PC Swirling and a colleague arrive, they are both unsympathetic to Viv and Lisa's claims and tell them that both were acting like children. Swirling threatens to charge them with wasting police time, before leaving. Later that month, he visits the village again when Jo Stiles calls the police after believing Billy Hopwood had assaulted Andy Sugden. Swirling arrests Billy and after taking a statement from Andy, he charges Billy with assault. Andy later changes his statement and Swirling releases Billy. On 3 July 2007, Swirling appears when Eli Dingle stages a fake robbery at Tug Ghyll. In August 2008, Mike appears when Donna Windsor-Dingle and Ross Kirk are nearly killed in a car chase. 
In July 2009, he appears when Rodney Blackstock's car crashes into the Farm shop. He is later called to Mulberry Cottage when Laurel Thomas accuses Sally Spode of trying to kill her and kidnapping her son Arthur. Swirling appears again on 28 January 2010 when Faye Lamb reports Mark Wylde's disappearance and Natasha Wylde tells him about Mark's bigamy. Swirling returns on 26 February 2010 when he, Faye and Natasha are called out to the hospital to try and identify a body but it is not Mark's. Swirling appears again on 22 June 2010 at Home Farm after Mark's credit card is used to purchase some flowers which Natasha and her son Nathan both knew were not from Mark although they did not let on about it. 
Swirling later appears at Butler's Farm when John Barton reports his daughter, Holly's disappearance. Swirling appears in September again at Butler's Farm after it is burgled. Swirling and his colleague give John and his wife Moira advice on not leaving windows or doors open. John tells Swirling that he suspects that Holly committed the burglary to fund her drug addiction. Moira later tracks Holly down and takes her to the police station where Swirling arrests her and she confesses to carrying out the burglary. When he asks Moira if she wants Holly to be charged she agrees but Swirling suggests she and John get Holly some counselling. Swirling appears again on 2 December 2010. He is at the police station when Moira is arrested for possession of heroin which she had been going to give to Holly. Swirling recognizes Moira and he interviews her along with the arresting officer. Swirling tells Moira she could go to prison for the offence. He offers to help Moira get a more lenient sentence if she agrees to tell him everything she knows about where the heroin came from and she does so. 
On 23 February 2011, Swirling visits the offices of Emmerdale Haulage to inform Carl that his brother Jimmy's van has been discovered in Peterborough with bloodstains inside. On 1 March, he returns to inform Jimmy's wife Nicola that the blood found in the van has been positively identified as Jimmy's. The following day, Swirling returns to tell Nicola and Carl that a man fitting Jimmy's description has been located in a hospital in Nottingham. 
On 21 April 2011, Swirling is called to Holdgate Farm after it is burgled by Cain Dingle. Swirling takes details of the burglary from Cain's ex-girlfriend Charity Tate, her current boyfriend Jai Sharma, whose car Cain had stolen, and Jai's brother Nikhil, all of whom implicate Cain as the culprit. Swirling later visits Cain at Tug Ghyll and questions him about his whereabouts. Despite Cameron Murray giving him an alibi, Swirling arrests Cain and takes him to the police station. He later visits Cain's colleague Ryan Lamb, who Cain had tricked into acting as a lookout, at his home. The following morning, Swirling visits Cain in his cell at the police station and informs him that they questioned Ryan and released him and that they believed that Cain had acted alone. Swirling warns Cain that he faces a long prison sentence but Cain is defiant and taunts Swirling, saying that they have no evidence against him and that they should release him. Swirling ignores him and leaves the cell. Later, Charity comes to the police station to change her statement and tells Swirling that she is longer certain that it was Cain who carried out the burglary. Swirling tells Charity that if she lets Cain get away with it then she will never be free of him but she ignores him and Swirling has no choice but to release Cain. 
In December 2011, Swirling returns to the village when Hazel Rhodes discovers a newborn baby abandoned in the village telephone box. Swirling visits Dale Head and questions Hazel, Bob Hope, Lisa and Zak Dingle. He states that the police will make an appeal for the baby's mother to come forward and leaves. On 27 April 2012, Swirling is again called to Mulberry Cottage, this time by Edna Birch, and arrests Ashley Thomas for assaulting his father Sandy. 
On 14 June 2013, Swirling appears at the garage to inform Cain that his car, which he had reported stolen, had been found burnt out in a field. On 11 July 2013, Swirling investigates a break-in at the Veterinary Surgery. After taking details of the crime, Swirling advises Paddy Kirk to keep the surgery door locked when it is empty then leaves.
On 6 August 2013, Swirling is called to the café when Laurel sees a man she thinks carjacked her the previous month. Swirling and a colleague arrest the man and he tells Laurel that they will be in touch. Swirling later visits Laurel and her boyfriend Marlon Dingle at home and explains that the arrested man was not Laurel's carjacker as he had a solid alibi for the day of the crime and had been released without charge.
On 1 October 2013, Swirling appears at Mill Cottage to question Nicola and Charity after Jimmy is injured in a road accident when he crashes one of the haulage firms' lorries. Swirling requests the vehicle's tachograph for the traffic unit in order to work out if Jimmy was working over his prescribed hours. Nicola tells Swirling that Jimmy had been at home, asleep, with her for most of the day prior to the accident. Swirling then goes to the hospital to speak to Jimmy and discovers Charity, who is Jimmy's business partner, by his bedside, urging him to back up Nicola's story. Jimmy tells Swirling the truth about the accident, that he had been working over his hours and that he had taken a phone call from Nicola in the moments before the crash. Charity asks Swirling what punishment Jimmy faces and Swirling explains that it would depend what Jimmy is charged with. The following day, Swirling visits the haulage firm offices to question Nicola about her statement, telling her it doesn't add up. Nicola is forced to admit she lied and when she questions Swirling's job, he tells her that drivers working over their hours are dangerous to other motorists and could cause fatalities. Charity assures Swirling that the business is well run and that the accident was a one-off. To provide an explanation to why Nicola lied, Charity then tells Swirling about Jimmy and Nicola's marital problems and that they had been struggling to pay for their daughter Angelica's private school fees, and that Nicola had effectively prostituted herself to her sister Bernice's boyfriend Steve Harland to fund this. Swirling explains that Jimmy will be charged with careless driving and would have to pay to go on a driver's training course. He warns Nicola not to lie to the police again and states that if Jimmy complies with the course, no further action will be taken.
On 29 October 2013, Swirling again appears at Butler's Farm when Laurel discovers that her real carjacker, Ross Barton, is staying there. Swirling arrives in time to witness Laurel attack Ross and he arrests Ross for the robbery. Ross then reveals that Laurel had previously followed him home and threatened him with a pair of scissors in his flat, so Swirling also arrests Laurel for assault. At the police station, Ross denies being responsible for the carjacking and Swirling is forced to release him due to a lack of evidence. Swirling then charges Laurel with assault.
On 11 November 2013, Swirling is present at the police station after Amy and Kerry Wyatt spend the night in the cells after being arrested for harassing Joanie Wright. Kerry attempts to flirt with Swirling and refers to him as "Inspector" and he is unimpressed. Swirling asks Amy if it was the first time she had breached the restraining order Joanie had issued against her and when she confirms that it was, Swirling releases her and Kerry with a caution and drives them both back to the village.
On 13 February 2014, Swirling investigates a burglary at Mill Cottage, committed by Anton Bluth, a man Bernice Blackstock had invited round on a date. Swirling takes details of the crime from Bernice, Nicola and Jimmy. Nicola tells Swirling that Anton had handcuffed Bernice to a bed whilst he ransacked the house and stole items of value. Swirling finds this amusing and Nicola is defensive of her sister and makes a dig at Swirling about his marriage. 
Niamh O'Connor.
Niamh O'Connor was the fiancee of Ethan Blake. She appeared in 2004.
After dating for several years, Ethan and Niamh become engaged. However, their different views of the world lead to significant differences between them. Niamh spends some time travelling, and visits Ethan during a break from travelling. When, during her visit, Ethan learns she wants to return to Malawi, they decide to go their separate ways - in spite of their love for each other. Months later, Niamh returns to Emmerdale on a surprise visit. However, Ethan is out of the village at the time visiting friends and he can not be contacted. She leaves the village several days later, missing Ethan, who returns shortly afterwards.
Callum Rennie.
Callum Rennie was Home Farm's estate manager. He appeared from 2004 to 2005. 
Callum works for Zoe Tate, whom he builds up a friendship with. Callum is devoted to Zoe and eventually confides in her that he is in love with her, although he knows his feelings will never be reciprocated as Zoe is a lesbian. When Zoe leaves the village, he helps her tamper with the gas pipes and timer, and so causes an explosion when the King family, who had conned her out the property, arrive.
Tash Abbott.
Natasha "Tash" Abbott is the former fiancee of Simon Meredith. She appeared in 2004, 2005 and 2006.
Tash and Simon remain friends after their failed engagement.
Dean Morris.
Dean Morris was an employee of the King family. He appeared from 2004 to 2007 and in 2009.
Dean first appears in 2004 and works primarily as their chauffeur. He was one of the most loyal and trusted King employees. He takes Carl King around Romania following his involvement in the accidental death of Paul Marsden, and is forced to lie to Tom, which upsets him, as Tom has helped him on numerous occasions. At one point, false rumours suggest he is having an affair with Charity Tate; a few weeks later, Tom dumps Charity as he believes she has slept with Cain Dingle, and as Dean drives him away from the wedding, Tom apologises for doubting him. Following Tom's death on Christmas Day 2006, Dean carries his coffin at the funeral along with Jimmy, Matthew and Carl. In January 2009, he is a pallbearer at Matthew's funeral, and at the wake talks to Lexi Nicholls about his loyalty to the Kings. The following day Dean brings some of Matthew's effects from the site office to Jimmy and Carl. When they see Rosemary King's name plate, Dean reveals to them that Matthew had dug up her body and crushed it in a rubbish truck. In February 2009, he drives a van to Belgium, not knowing Jimmy and Nicola De Souza are in the back, having just slept together. The following month he attends Carl and Lexi's wedding. This was Dean's last appearance so far and he has not been seen since. 
John McNally.
John McNally was a local journalist with the "Hotton Courier". He has appeared since 2004.
First appearing in 2004, McNally - as he is normally known - appears whenever there is a newsworthy event in the village. In 2004, he corners Pearl Ladderbanks when her rapist son Frank Bernard Hartbourne moves to the village after being released from prison. This sets off a chain of events which lead to the whole village finding out. In early 2005, he covers the disappearance of Shelley Williams, and her presumed murder by Steph Stokes. When Eric Pollard stands for re-election to the local Council, McNally tries to catch him in embarrassing positions, and catches him coming out of a van half-naked with Val Lambert. He also covers Steph Stokes being investigated for the murder of her brother Terence Turner and Tom King's murder. He hires aspiring journalist Jasmine Thomas for her village knowledge. 
An unpopular man in the village, following Viv Hope's imprisonment he hounds Bob and writes an article claiming to expose Bob's alleged crime. This causes Bob to have a breakdown and stage a one-man protest outside the newspaper's offices. However, during this protest John is away attending the wedding of his former wife. In November 2008, he covers the new village choir's attempts to enter a competition; and in December Jasmine demands her article about the local criminal family the McFarlane's is changed to a story about the church. 
McNally makes another appearance in April 2009, when Jasmine's grandfather Sandy asks him to help with a campaign to overturn Jasmine's murder conviction. In spite of their close working relationship, McNally has no sympathy for her, and goes as far as to crack jokes about lesbians in prison before Sandy tells him to get out. McNally has not been seen since.
Frank Bernard Hartbourne.
Frank Bernard Hartbourne is the son of Pearl Ladderbanks. He appeared in 2004. 
Frank Bernard - normally referred to by both names - arrives in Emmerdale having just been released from prison for raping one of Pearl's neighbours, having previously been accused by a colleague but the case was dropped due to a lack of evidence. Many villagers do not take kindly to having a rapist living amongst them, and some either shun or harass him. 
When Donna Windsor has an accident on her scooter, Frank Bernard goes to see if she is all right. Donna panics when she sees him and runs to her brother Scott. He and Syd Woolfe then set upon Frank Bernard, thinking he had harmed Donna, and leave him for dead on a roadside. Frank Bernard is later discovered by Rodney Blackstock and Danny Daggert, who take him to his mother's home. He refuses to give the names of his attackers. He then decides to leave the village for his mother's sake.
The scene where Scott and Syd beat up Frank Bernard attracted 27 complaints. However, Ofcom ruled that Emmerdale were not in breach of any broadcasting codes as the scenes were edited in a careful manner.
Solomon Dingle.
Solomon Dingle is Zak Dingle's cousin. He appeared in 2004.
Solomon serves time in prison alongside Zak's son, Sam. He arrives in the village for the 10th anniversary of the Dingles being in Emmerdale. Zak and Solomon had been rivals for many years and compete for the title "Dingle King", which Solomon wins by cheating. This forces Zak and his family to live in Solomon's caravan. However, Solomon soon abdicates his title to Sam, hoping to drive Zak and Sam apart. However, this did not happen and Solomon leaves the village.
Jon Dingle.
Jon Dingle is the youngest child and only daughter of Lilith Dingle. She appeared in 2004, and from 2006 to 2007.
Jon first visits Emmerdale in October 2004 for a Dingle family celebration to mark their 10th anniversary of living in the village. Her mother Lilith then leaves Jon and her brothers to live with her cousin Marlon Dingle for a month. Jon returns in 2006 when Lilith leaves her children with Marlon and his wife Donna while she goes away to work. Days later, Lilith is arrested for armed robbery. 
Marlon tells social services that he is having difficulties looking after them, so its agreed that they will go and stay with a foster family. They are soon informed that the children have gone missing and are found in a nearby woodland. The following day, they are taken into foster care. Marlon and Donna desperately try to get the children back but first have to find suitable accommodation. This finally happens when they buy Tall Tree Cottage, and the children move in on 5 July. However, the case against their mother collapses and on 13 July 2007, she takes them to Ireland, much to Donna and Marlon's distress. 
Lilith Dingle.
Lilith Dingle is the sister of Delilah Dingle. She appeared in 2004, 2006 and 2007. 
Lilith first visits Emmerdale in October 2004 for a Dingle family celebration to mark their 10th anniversary of living in the village. To pursue her singing career, she then leaves her four children - named after the Apostles - with her cousin Marlon Dingle for a month before collecting them on 21 November. Lilith returns on 7 November 2006 when she leaves her four children with Marlon and his wife Donna while she goes away to work. Days later Lilith is arrested for armed robbery. Shortly after she is arrested for armed robbery and remanded in police custody. After months on remand, Lilith stands trial on 12 July 2007, and is freed when the case collapses after a prosecution witness collapses after being intimidated by Eli Dingle. The following day she take her four children to Ireland with her, much to Donna and Marlon's distress. 
Luke Dingle.
Luke Dingle is the eldest son of Lilith Dingle. He appeared in 2004, and from 2006 to 2007.
Luke first visits Emmerdale in October 2004 for a Dingle family celebration to mark their 10th anniversary of living in the village. His mother Lilith then leaves Luke and his siblings to live with her cousin Marlon Dingle for a month. Luke returns in 2006 when Lilith leaves her children with Marlon and his wife Donna while she goes away to work. Days later Lilith is arrested for armed robbery. On his first day at Hotten Comprehensive School, Luke gets into a fight with Victoria Sugden after she makes a remark about his mother being in custody. 
Marlon tells social services that he is having difficulties looking after them, so its agreed that they will go and stay with a foster family. They are soon informed that the children have gone missing, and are soon found in a nearby woodland. The following day they are taken into foster care. Marlon and Donna desperately try to get the children back but first have to find suitable accommodation. This finally happens when they buy Tall Tree Cottage, and the children move in with them on 5 July. However, the case against their mother collapses and on 13 July 2007 she takes them all to Ireland with her, much to Donna and Marlon's distress.
Mark Dingle.
Mark Dingle is one of Lilith Dingle's twin sons. He appeared in 2004, and from 2006 to 2007.
Mark first visits Emmerdale in October 2004 for a Dingle family celebration to mark their 10th anniversary of living in the village, leaving on his eighth birthday on 21 November 2004. His mother Lilith then leaves Mark and his siblings to live with her cousin Marlon Dingle for a month. Mark returns in 2006 when Lilith leaves her children with Marlon and his wife Donna while she goes away to work. Days later Lilith is arrested for armed robbery. 
Marlon tells social services that he is having difficulties looking after them, so its agreed that they will go and stay with a foster family. They are soon informed that the children have gone missing, but they are soon found in a nearby woodland. The following day they are taken into foster care. Marlon and Donna desperately try to get the children back but first have to find suitable accommodation. This finally happens when they buy Tall Tree Cottage, and the children move in with them on 5 July. However, the case against their mother collapses and on 13 July 2007 she takes them all to Ireland with her, much to Donna and Marlon's distress. 
Matthew Dingle.
Matthew Dingle is one of Lilith Dingle's twin sons. He appeared in 2004, and from 2006 to 2007.
Matthew first visits Emmerdale in October 2004 for a Dingle family celebration to mark their 10th anniversary of living in the village, leaving on his eighth birthday on 21 November 2004. His mother Lilith then leaves Matthew and his siblings to live with her cousin Marlon Dingle for a month. Matthew returns in 2006 when Lilith leaves her children with Marlon and his wife Donna while she goes away to work. Days later Lilith is arrested for armed robbery. 
Marlon tells social services that he is having difficulties looking after them, so its agreed that they will go and stay with a foster family. They are soon informed that the children have gone missing and are found in a nearby woodland. The following day they are taken into foster care. Marlon and Donna desperately try to get the children back but first have to find suitable accommodation. This finally happens when they buy Tall Tree Cottage, and the children move in with them on 5 July. However, the case against their mother collapses and on 13 July 2007 she takes them all to Ireland with her, much to Donna and Marlon's distress.
Roger Dyson.
Roger Dyson is a close friend of Tom King. He appeared in 2004.
Roger arrives with his wife Helen, both of whom have been friends with Tom and his late wife Mary for many years. They arrive to visit Tom and his fiancee Charity Tate several weeks before the planned wedding. Roger suffers from chest pains, which he does not take very seriously. The day after arriving, he collapses while playing golf with Tom and his sons. He is rushed to hospital but dies. Tom becomes depressed by the death of an old friend.
Helen Dyson.
Helen Dyson is a close friend of Tom King. She appeared in 2004.
Helen arrives with her husband Roger, both of whom have been friends with Tom and his late wife Mary for many years. They arrive to visit Tom and his fiancee Charity Tate several weeks before the planned wedding. Helen sees Charity, much younger than Tom and with little taste for domestic life, as being unworthy of him. While they are cooking a meal together, Charity makes a remark about Helen's food being a heart attack in the making. Soon, they receive a phone call saying that Roger has died of a heart attack while playing golf, causing Helen to lash out at Charity. Helen made her last appearance at Tom's funeral in February 2007. 
Enzo Bianchi.
Enzo Bianchi was Paul Lambert's boyfriend. He appeared in 2004. 
When Paul first arrives in Emmerdale, he frequently mentions his boyfriend of several years, Enzo, with whom he ran a wine bar in Sorrento, Italy. Paul returns to Sorrento in late October 2004 to try and mend their relationship. Shortly after Paul's return, Enzo travels to Emmerdale and tells Paul he wants to end their relationship. Reluctantly Paul agrees and they finalize who gets what and Enzo returns home.
Gianni Bianchi.
Gianni Bianchi was a fake boyfriend for Val Lambert. He appeared in 2004.
Val alienates her sister Diane Sugden and son Paul before leaving for Italy in September 2004. When she returns in December 2004 she says it is only for a Christmas visit. She brings along her much younger boyfriend, Gianni. She tells everyone they are going to get married, but the next day Gianni leaves. Val says he had dumped her because she was too old to have children. However, before Gianni leaves, Val gives him money, and Paul sees them. Val is forced to admit that she had made the whole thing up in order to get sympathy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20913667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913667" title="1987 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship">
1987 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship

The 1987 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the second edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship for women. It was held at the Picketts Lock in London, United Kingdom from September 3–13, 1987. In the final title defenders the Netherlands defeated England after penalty strokes to clinch its second European title.

</doc>
