<doc id="20901498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901498" title="Dragovo (Serbia)">
Dragovo (Serbia)

Dragovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгово) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia area of Levač which is part of (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač). Neighbour larger city is Kragujevac, regional center of Šumadija.
It lies at , at the altitude of 300 m. 
On this area there were settlements through centuries, but larger settling started through 18th century. 
Originally, present Dragovo consisted of three villages - Puljci, Volujak and Dubnica. During the 19th century, in 1864, there were 156 homes and 980 residents totally in the first two named villages.
On August 29, 1900 the three villages were united as Dragovo. Godfathers of Dragovo were their majesties King of Serbia Aleksandar Obrenović and Queen Draga Mašin. Unfortunately, their planned visit to this village never realized. That year (1900) Dragovo had 1884 residents and 270 homes.
During 20th century Dragovo had significant increasing - 1931. 400 homes and 2190 residents and 1948. maximum of 2987 people in 470 homes.
Recently (2000.) in Dragovo lived 1621 resident in 381 homes and 924 of them in the biggest part Puljci.
During most of past time, last more than century and a half Dragovo was the biggest village in Levač and until recent times, by population bigger than municipality center Rekovac.
School in Dragovo is very old, established in 1843, and the current church was made in 1894.
The total area of village land is 20.02 square kilometers.
Culture and mentality of Dragovo and its people are parts of cultural heritage of Šumadija.
Trivia.
Puljci, a part of Dragovo is birthplace of Milosav Mitrović Losa, one of most recognisable figures in Serbia and former Yugoslavia. His image is on traditional logo of nearby Jagodina brewery. After him, "Jagodina Beer" is commonly nicknamed "Čiča" (Serbian: Old man). Mitrović has spent his entire life in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="20901500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901500" title="Wolfgang Kaden">
Wolfgang Kaden

"Korvettenkapitän" (naval corvette captain or lieutenant-commander) "of the Reserves" Wolfgang Kaden (5 December 1899 – 9 July 1942) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II. He is credited with the sinking of at least three submarines including the British submarine HMS "H49" on 18 October 1940 off of Texel and the Soviet submarine "K-23" commanded by Magomet Gadzhiyev on 12 May 1942 off of Nordkyn. He was killed in action on 9 July 1942 near Hammerfest when his submarine chaser "U-Jäger 1110" ran into a naval mine.

</doc>
<doc id="20901509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901509" title="Deleastartus">
Deleastartus

Deleastartus (Dalay-‘Ashtart) was a king of Tyre and the second of four brothers who held the kingship. The information about him has been inferred from Frank M. Cross’s reconstruction of Josephus’s citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in "Against Apion" i.18. In the text as it now stands for the passage in Josephus/Menander, Astartus is the name and Deleastartus the patronymic of the second of the four brothers to receive the kingship, while the first brother, the one who killed Abdastartus to start the dynasty, is unnamed. Cross restores Astartus as the name of the first brother and posits the supposed patronymic as the name of the second. For a further explanation, see the Astarymus article. Cross’s reconstruction for these kings has been followed by William Barnes and is used in the present article. 
A further overview of the chronology of Tyrian kings from Hiram I to Pygmalion, with a discussion of the importance of Dido’s flight from Tyre and eventual founding of Carthage for dating these kings, is found in the Pygmalion article.

</doc>
<doc id="20901517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901517" title="Mark Woolf (ice hockey, born 1970)">
Mark Woolf (ice hockey, born 1970)

Mark Woolf (born September 30, 1970) is a retired professional ice hockey and roller hockey player who was drafted by Boston Bruins 126th overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. He also competed at the IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship representing Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20901523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901523" title="Rangiora (New Zealand electorate)">
Rangiora (New Zealand electorate)

Rangiora is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, based on the town of Rangiora.
Population centres.
The electorate is based on the town of Rangiora and the surrounding rural area, and is north of Christchurch in North Canterbury.
History.
The electorate existed from 1963 when it replaced the Hurunui electorate to 1996, when with MMP it was absorbed into the new Waimakariri electorate.
The electorate is semi-rural and was represented by the National Party except for the 1972-1975 period. Derek Quigley was a National MP who was opposed to the interventionist policies of Muldoon's Third National Government. He resigned from Cabinet in 1982, and from Parliament in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20901527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901527" title="Kalenić (Ub)">
Kalenić (Ub)

Kalenić (Serbian Cyrillic: Каленић) is a village in the municipality of Ub in western Serbia. The former village was resettled in 2003, to make room for expansion of coal field "Tamnava" of nearby Kolubara coal mine, centered at Veliki Crljeni). The new village was built few kilometers away, but most residents chose to resettle elsewhere.
According to the 2002 census, Kalenić had 888 residents.
A modern regional landfill is planned to be opened at abandoned coal fields near Kalenić in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20901549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901549" title="Astartus">
Astartus

Astartus was a king of Tyre and the first of four brothers who held the kingship. The information about him has been inferred from Frank M. Cross’s reconstruction of Josephus’s citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in "Against Apion" i.18. In the text as it now stands for the passage in Josephus/Menander, Astartus is the name and Deleastartus the patronymic of the second of the four brothers to receive the kingship, while the first brother, the one who killed Abdastartus to start the dynasty, is unnamed. Cross restores Astartus as the name of the first brother and posits the supposed patronymic as the name of the second. For a further explanation, see the Astarymus article. Cross’s reconstruction for these kings has been followed by William Barnes and is used in the present article. 
A further overview of the chronology of Tyrian kings from Hiram I to Pygmalion, with a discussion of the importance of Dido’s flight from Tyre and eventual founding of Carthage for dating these kings, is found in the Pygmalion article.

</doc>
<doc id="20901577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901577" title="Khatril">
Khatril

The Khatril are a tribe found in Pakistan, almost exclusively in Rawalpindi District.

</doc>
<doc id="20901585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901585" title="Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal-JSD">
Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal-JSD

The Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal (, 'National Socialist Party') is a political party in Bangladesh. It was formed in 2002, through a split from the original Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal. The party is sometimes referred to as JSD(Rab) (after prominent party leader ASM Abdur Rab), to differentiate it from the mother party led by Inu. The Election Commission of Bangladesh calls the party "Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal-JSD" and the Inu-led party "Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal-Jasad".

</doc>
<doc id="20901596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901596" title="George Scott Dickey">
George Scott Dickey

George Scott Dickey (May 21, 1884 – 1953) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1939 to 1945 as a Progressive Conservative member.
He was born in Middle Stewiacke, Nova Scotia, the son of John Dickey and Amelia Fleck. In 1910, he married Jennie Brenton. Dickey also operated a lumber mill. He served as a member of the council for Colchester County from 1931 to 1940. He died in Middle Stewiacke in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20901619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901619" title="Themis Tolis">
Themis Tolis

Themis Tolis (born 28 March 1974, in Athens, Greece) is the drummer for Greek black metal band Rotting Christ. Along with his brother, vocalist and guitarist Sakis, he has been with the band since its inception in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20901629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901629" title="Francisco Manrique">
Francisco Manrique

Francisco Manrique (February 10, 1919 – February 15, 1988) was an Argentine naval officer, journalist, policy maker and presidential candidate.
Life and times.
A native of Mendoza, in western Argentina, Francisco Manrique graduated from the Argentine Naval Academy in 1938 and from the Navy School in 1949. After being jailed as an opponent of President Juan Domingo Perón, he became head of the "Casa Militar" (the presidential military household) in 1955 following Perón's overthrow. He resigned as part of an effort to have the new military leader, President Eduardo Lonardi, removed, and was reinstated by Lonardi's successor, Pedro Aramburu, upon the former's resignation. 
Manrique resigned from the Navy as a captain in 1958 to start a daily newspaper in opposition to President Arturo Frondizi, "Correo de la Tarde". Following Frondizi's overthrow in 1962, he lad diplomatic efforts to have other members of the Organization of American States recognize the government of President José María Guido, who had been appointed in Frondizi's stead via the acephaly clause.
"Correo de la Tarde" failed in 1963, as did his subsequent weekly "Leer para Creer". His next undertaking, "Correo de la Semana", was more successful. Launched in 1965, it became known for its advocacy for senior citizens. He hosted the television public affairs interview program "Comentario Político" from 1965 until the show's curtailment by order of hard-line Interior Minister Francisco Imaz.
The head of a military junta at the time, President Alejandro Lanusse appointed Manrique Minister of Social Policy in 1971. In that capacity, he organized a myriad of federal and provincial health insurance programs into the Integrated Medical Attention Plan (PAMI) and housing assistance programs into the National Housing Fund (FONAVI). The reforms helped lead to a marked reduction in infant mortality in Argentina during the 1970s. Manrique ran for President in 1973 as the candidate of the Popular Federalist Alliance, a grouping of small, moderately conservative parties. He won 15% of the vote and placed third in the March 1973 election, the most received by a third-party candidate in Argentina up to then. His first wife, Esther Canepa Devoto, whom he married in 1943 and had three sons and a daughter with, died in 1977, and he married the former Cristina Ruíz in 1985.
Manrique actively supported the March 1976 coup and many of his Federalist Party colleagues were therein appointed to local government posts, including 78 mayors. Following seven years of ruinous military rule, however, elections were called for October 1983. Manrique again ran unsuccessfully for President as the candidate of the center-right Federal Alliance. The winner, Raúl Alfonsín of the centrist UCR, appointed him Secretary of Tourism, a non-Cabinet position in 1986, by which Manrique unsuccessfully proposed the implementation of a tax on tourism abroad. He won election as a legislator in 1987 as a nonpartisan candidate on the UCR ticket. Remaining editor-in chief of "Correo de la Semana", Manrique died in Buenos Aires from complications related to lymphoma, in 1988. He was 69 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20901639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901639" title="Martinus Smiglecius">
Martinus Smiglecius

Martinus Smiglecius (another Latin variant: "Martinus Leopolitanus", also , ; 11 November 1564 – 26 July 1618) was a Polish Jesuit philosopher, known for his erudite scholastic "Logica" of 1618.
Life.
He was born in Lvov c. 1564. He used the surname Lwowczyk, or Leopolitanus, and then later adopted the name Smiglecius (from Szmigel) because of his family background.
After study in Rome, he returned in 1586 to the University of Vilnius. He wrote also a book on economics, "O Lichwie" (On Usury) (1596). In 1599 he took part in a public disputation with the Protestants Marcin Janicki and Daniel Mikołajewski. It was recorded by Martin Gratian Gertich.
The "Logica".
The "Logica" was several times reprinted, in particular at Oxford where it was in use as a textbook. It harked back to Gregory of Rimini, discussing mental propositions. As a textbook author his reputation survived in the satirical poem "The Logicians Refuted", attributed to both Jonathan Swift and Oliver Goldsmith. Samuel Johnson, writing in 1751 in "The Rambler", claimed that as student he "slept every night with Smiglecius on my pillow."
Views.
In a live controversy of the time, Smiglecius sided with Benedictus Pereyra against Giuseppe Biancani. The issue was the status of mathematical proof in physics, where Pereyra denied mathematics an essential status.

</doc>
<doc id="20901641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901641" title="James Metcalfe (rugby)">
James Metcalfe (rugby)

James "Jimmy" D. Metcalfe (born 1873 in Cumberland — death unknown) was an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1890s, 1900s, and '10s, playing representative level rugby union (RU) for Yorkshire, and at club level for Askam RUFC (now Askam ARLFC), Barnsley RUFC, and Featherstone RUFC (now Featherstone Rovers), and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 1.
Playing career.
County Honours.
Jimmy Metcalfe was selected for Yorkshire (RU) whilst at Featherstone RUFC during the 1896-7 season, and was selected for Yorkshire County XIII (RL) whilst at Wakefield Trinity during the 1897-8 and 1898-9 seasons.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Jimmy Metcalfe played , and scored the conversion in Wakefield Trinity's 17-0 victory over Hull in the 1908–09 Challenge Cup final at Headingley Stadium on Tuesday 20 April 1909.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Jimmy Metcalfe scored the first try in Wakefield Trinity's 8-2 victory over Huddersfield in the 1910–11 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium on Saturday 3 December 1910.
Notable Tour Match Appearances.
Jimmy Metcalfe played and scored the goal in Wakefield Trinity's 5-5 draw with the New Zealand in the tour match at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Wednesday 23 October 1907, and scored four goals in Wakefield Trinity’s 20-13 victory over Australia in the tour match at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Saturday 19 December 1908.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
""James Metcalfe - Of the many fine players who figured in Trinity's ranks in the early N.U. days was one who gave outstanding service to the club and in whom the players could always have supreme confidence on the last line of defence. Jimmy Metcalfe soon won recognition as one of the finest full-backs in the country. Born in Cumberland, Jimmy's early football was with Askham-in-Furness (sic Askam-in-Furness), with whom he started in 1890 under R.U. rules. His first club in Yorkshire was Barnsley R.U. and thence to Featherstone. Whilst there, in season 1896-7, he played twice for North v. South - these being R.U. trial matches - and in that season too he figured in all Yorkshire's R.U. county games. It was later - but still in 1897 - that he turned to the Northern Union code and joined Trinity. Here his distinctions were continued and he was a member of the Yorkshire N.U. side which won the County Championship of 1897-8 and again in 1898-9. We can hardly do justice to his fine career in what must necessarily be a short account, but mention must be made of the fact that he played in Trinity's successful Cup Final at Headingley in 1909, when he was thirty-six years old. And that was not the end. He did not cease to play until 1911 and, in his last match for Trinity gave a final display of his goal-kicking ability by adding three to his wonderful record. Jimmy's record of kicking eleven goals in a match has been equalled twice, but never extended. He set up the record on April 6, 1909, against Bramley at Belle Vue. Trinity's score was 11-15-67 to 2-2-10."" 
Genealogical Information.
James Metcalfe is the father of the Wakefield Trinity footballer of the 1930s, J. Metcalfe, and paternal grandfather of Featherstone Rovers, and Wakefield Trinity of the 1950s and '60s, Donald "Don" Metcalfe.
Note.
'Dreadnoughts - A HISTORY OF Wakefield Trinity F. C. 1873 - 1960' states that James Metcalfe was "Born in Cumberland, Jimmy's early football was with Askham-in-Furness". Askam-in-Furness is on the Furness peninsula, which was part of Lancashire until the 1974 English county boundary reorganisation, when it became part of Cumbria. This would mean that James Metcalfe wasn't born in Askam-in-Furness, or it was mistakenly believed that Askam-in-Furness was in Cumberland.

</doc>
<doc id="20901670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901670" title="Polytechnic (Portugal)">
Polytechnic (Portugal)

A polytechnic is a higher education educational institution in Portugal created in the 1980s. After 1998 they were upgraded to institutions which are allowed to confer licenciatura degrees. Before then, they only awarded short-cycle degrees which were known as "bacharelatos" and didn't provide further education. After the Bologna Process in 2007, they have been allowed to offer 2nd cycle (masters's) degrees to its students. The polytechnical higher education system provides a more practical training and is profession-oriented, while the university higher education system has a strong theoretical basis and is highly research-oriented.
History and organization.
There are fifteen state-run polytechnical institutes (the polytechnics) in Portugal and also several other private polytechnic institutions. The designation "Institute of Technology" is not applied at all, being meaningless in Portugal. The polytechnical higher education system provides a more practical training and is profession-oriented, while the university higher education system has a strong theoretical basis and is highly research-oriented. Many major fields of study like medicine, law, the natural sciences, or veterinary, are taught only in university institutions, while other vocationally orientated degrees like nursing, accounting technician, health care technician, socio-cultural animation, administrative assistant, preschool teaching, and technical engineer, are only offered by the polytechnic institutions. Currently, higher education in Portugal is organized into two subsystems: university and polytechnic, with both kind of institutions operating across the country, and since after 2006, with the approval of new legislation and the Bologna Process any polytechnic or university institution of Portugal, is legally able to provide a first cycle of study, known as "licenciatura" (bachelor's degree) plus a second cycle which confers the "mestrado" (master's degree). The polytechnic institutions started to offer the first and second cycles after complying with the necessary requirements imposed by the upgrading due to the Bologna process, including a wider budget, proper research activities and a much larger number of doctorates among the teaching staff. Doctorate degrees (3rd cycle degrees) and extensive independent fundamental research work are still exclusive competences of the universities. However, although generally with less resources devoted to investigation than the university institutions, since after the Bologna Process (2006/2007) which allowed the polytechnical institutions to award masters' degrees and required the admission of doctorate-level staff, an increasingly large number of Portuguese polytechnical institutions have also established and expanded their own research facilities.
Polytechnic Schools ("Escolas Politécnicas") were created in the 19th century in Lisbon ("Escola Politécnica") and Porto ("Academia Politécnica"), and were merged into the newly created universities of Lisbon and Porto in 1911. Other than the name, they were not related at all with the current polytechnic subsystem which exists in Portugal since the 1970s, or to any current institution belonging to them. The current "Polytechnical Institutes" started to open after 1974. Some of them have its origins in the former vocational education "Institutes of Industry and Commerce" ("Institutos Industriais e Comerciais") like the ones founded in Lisbon ("Instituto Industrial e Comercial de Lisboa"), Porto, and Coimbra. A few polytechnical higher education institutions, though formed as such in the 1980s, have their origin in 19th century educational institutions - this is the case of the Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Lisboa, the Instituto Superior de Engenharia do Porto and the Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra. The polytechnic institutes ("institutos politécnicos") of Portugal used to be higher education institutions with very different roles and competences of those encompassed and provided by the universities, because the polytechnics didn't award neither masters nor doctoral degrees, and unlike universities, they didn't develop independent research activities. In the following decades after their start in the 1970s and 1980s, the polytechnic institutions didn't assume their specific role as tertiary education vocational schools, which were created to award practical diplomas in more technical or basic fields. Non-university intermediate professionals and skilled workers for the industry, agriculture, commerce and other services where needed. As more new public university institutions were founded or expanded, polytechnics didn't feel comfortable with their subaltern status in the Portuguese higher education system and a desire to be upgraded into university-like institutions grew among the polytechnic institutions' administrations. This desire of emancipation and evolution from polytechnic status to university status, was not followed by better qualified teaching staff, better facilities for teaching or researching, or by a stronger curricula with a more selective admission criteria, comparable with those enforced by almost all public university institutions. Criteria ambiguity and the general lower standards in polytechnic higher education and admission, were fiercely criticised by education personalities like university rectors, regarding issues like the lack of admission exams in mathematics for polytechnic engineering applicants, and the proliferation of administration and management courses everywhere, many without a proper curriculum in mathematics, statistics and economics-related disciplines. Since 2007, after many reforms, upgrades, and changes, including the Bologna process, the Portuguese polytechnic institutes started to be considered as "de facto" technical universities in a number of fields, with little formal difference between their 1st and 2nd cycle degrees and those awarded by the classic full chartered universities (polytechnics do not have competences to award 3rd cycle doctorate degrees and, in general, they don't develop fundamental research work). The polytechnical institutes are organized into confederations of autonomous polytechnic higher education units comprising a wide range of fields from engineering or technologies to education to accountancy to agriculture (called institutes and schools). Since the creation of the first polytechnical institutes that started in the late 1970s, to 1999 after new legislation has been approved for these institutions, the polytechnics were only allowed to offer a three-year "bachelor degree" ("bacharelato"). In opposition, the Portuguese universities conferred 4 to 6 years "major bachelor degrees", known in many countries as licentiate degree ("licenciatura"). The universities were also the only institutions awarding masters and doctoral degrees in Portugal to graduated people having the "licenciatura" diploma conferred exclusively in the universities. In general, the polytechnic system has been often regarded as a second choice alternative to the university for a large number of students. There was a historic connotation of the Portuguese polytechnical institutes as the schools of last resort, because of their general low selectiveness (which was clearly substandard from the 1980s to the mid-2000s), lack of historical notability, and diminute number of highly distinguished alumni and professors, which some feel hurts their reputation. However, the changes introduced by the Bologna Process in Portuguese higher education created a more uniform and homogeneous higher educational system, at least in the public university and polytechnical institutions, which within a decade (1997–2007) became more equal, as far as is concerned with the formal attribution of academic degrees.
According to studies and reports, in the 1990s and 2000s, a fast growth and proliferation of private higher education and state-run polytechnical institutions with lower educational standards and ambiguous academic integrity, was responsible for unnecessary and uneconomic allocation of resources with no adequate quality output in terms of both new highly qualified graduates and research. Since the creation of the Portuguese higher education polytechnical system, admission to public university programmes has been often more demanding and selective than to their equivalent in public polytechnics. Many specific university institutions and degrees have also been regarded as more prestigious and reputed than their peers from the polytechnic system.

</doc>
<doc id="20901672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901672" title="Alexander O'Handley">
Alexander O'Handley

Alexander O'Handley (May 16, 1899 – January 8, 1974) was a teacher, lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton East from 1925 to 1928 as a Conservative member and Cape Breton North from 1941 to 1956 as a Liberal member in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Sydney Mines, Nova Scotia, the son of John O'Handley and Catherine McIntyre. He was educated at Saint Francis Xavier University and later Dalhousie University, receiving an LL.B in 1931. O'Handley taught school for a number of years and was the president of the Nova Scotia Teachers' Union from 1924 to 1925. In 1941, he married Bernette O'Neill.

</doc>
<doc id="20901678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901678" title="'s-Hertogenbosch railway station">
's-Hertogenbosch railway station

's-Hertogenbosch () is a railway station located in 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands. The station and all services operating from it are run by Nederlandse Spoorwegen, the national Dutch train operating company.
History.
's-Hertogenbosch station opened on 1 November 1868 as the northern terminus of the southern portion of the Utrecht–Boxtel railway ("Staatslijn H"), with service south to Boxtel. Only in 1870 were the two parts of Line H joined together, allowing for direct service to Utrecht Centraal. As the town was a fortress at the time, the station was designed with attack in mind; its wood truss construction allowed it to be dismantled or damaged with minimal waste. 's-Hertogenbosch station was further expanded upon the opening of the Tilburg–Nijmegen railway, making it an important railway junction.
In 1896, the original station was replaced with a large brick structure designed by Eduard Cuypers. The station was relocated a few hundred metres south of the original, along with the realignment of the tracks to the west. The second 's-Hertogenbosch station was characterised by its neo-Renaissance style, with a second floor for railway employees. During World War II, the station caught fire and burnt down; it was never rebuilt to its former glory.
A more modern, post-war building designed by Sybold van Ravesteyn was erected in 1951. The remaining parts of the second building were incorporated, while the third station's canopy remains to this day. 's-Hertogenbosch was again rebuilt in 1998, with an extension of the roof to the other island platform. Much of the renovation consisted of an aerial walkway, the Stationspasserelle, connecting the roadways on either side of the tracks, and the removal of a special ramp to the platforms. Criticism of the fourth station was levied due to wind sensitivity; Nederlandse Spoorwegen retaliated by declaring: "You are indeed at the train station to go, not to hang out."
Services.
The station is an important interchange station, with trains coming from several different directions. 's-Hertogenbosch is the only Dutch station that provides in Auto-Train services. Services run into Avignon, Bologna and Livorno. Auto-Trains are operated by Euro-Express-Traincharter.
Railway lines.
The following services currently call at 's-Hertogenbosch:

</doc>
<doc id="20901685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901685" title="Remuera (New Zealand electorate)">
Remuera (New Zealand electorate)

Remuera is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, in the city of Auckland. It existed from 1938, when it replaced the electorate, until 1996. It was always held by members of the National Party.
Population centres.
The 1931 census had been cancelled due to the Great Depression, so the 1937 electoral redistribution had to take ten years of population growth into account. The increasing population imbalance between the North and South Islands had slowed, and only one electorate seat was transferred from south to north. Five electorates were abolished, one former electorate () was re-established, and four electorates were created for the first time, including Remuera. The Remuera electorate replaced the Parnell electorate, covering almost exactly the same area as Parnell had since the 1927 electoral redistribution.
For the purposes of the country quota, the 1936 census had determined that the Remuera electorate was fully urban. The electorate comprised a number of east Auckland suburbs. The area is high-income, and has been represented by a succession of National Party MPs.
History.
The electorate existed from 1938 to 1996. The first representative was Bill Endean, who served from for one term to 1943. Endean was controversial within the National Party and in the party's 50-year history written by Barry Gustafson, it is remarked that in 1938, there was "some resistance to the National MP" in the Remuera electorate. His nomination for the planned 1941 general election only occurred after Sidney Holland had stepped in. The 1941 election was postponed due to the war, though, and Endean failed to get selected by the National Party for the ; Ronald Algie was chosen instead. Endean was overseas at the time of the selection, but even if he had been present, Gustafson believes that the "elderly, dull Endean would have been no match for the clever and witty Algie". Endean was the first sitting National MP who failed to get re-selected.
With the introduction of MMP in 1996, Remuera was included in the new electorate of Epsom.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20901686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901686" title="1990 Miami Hurricanes football team">
1990 Miami Hurricanes football team

The 1990 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami in the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season.

</doc>
<doc id="20901691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901691" title="Apogee kick motor">
Apogee kick motor

An apogee kick motor (AKM) refers to a rocket motor that is regularly employed on artificial satellites destined for a geostationary orbit. As the vast majority of geostationary satellite launches are carried out from spaceports at a significant distance away from Earth's equator, the carrier rocket would only be able to launch the satellite into an elliptical orbit of maximum apogee 35,786-kilometres and with a non-zero inclination approximately equal to the latitude of the launch site. This orbit is commonly known as a "geostationary transfer orbit" or a "geosynchronous transfer orbit". The satellite must then provide thrust to bring forth the needed delta v to reach a geostationary orbit. This is typically done with a fixed onboard apogee kick motor. When the satellite reaches its orbit's apogee position, the AKM is ignited, transforming the elliptical orbit into a circular orbit, while at the same time bringing the inclination to around zero degrees, thereby accomplishing the insertion into a geostationary orbit. This process is called an "apogee kick".
Apogee kick motors often employ either a bipropellant engine, with a solid fuel and a liquid oxidiser, or a monopropellant engine with both the fuel and the oxidiser in a solid state. Less frequently are reverse-hybrid propellant systems with a liquid fuel (injectant) and a solid oxidiser.
The amount of fuel carried on board a satellite directly affects its lifetime, therefore it is imperative to make the apogee kick maneuver as efficient as possible. The mass of most geostationary satellites at the beginning of its operational life in geostationary orbit is roughly half that when it separated from its vehicle in geostationary transfer orbit, with the other half having been expended in the apogee kick maneuver.

</doc>
<doc id="20901695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901695" title="Grunwald–Wang theorem">
Grunwald–Wang theorem

In algebraic number theory, the Grunwald–Wang theorem states that—except in some precisely defined cases—an element "x" in a number field "K" is an "n"th power in "K" if it is an "n"th power in the completion formula_1 for almost all (i.e. all but finitely many) primes formula_2 of "K". For example, a rational number is a square of a rational number if it is a square of a "p"-adic number for almost all primes "p". The Grunwald–Wang theorem is an example of a local-global principle.
It was introduced by , but there was a mistake in this original version that was found and corrected by .
History.
, a student of Hasse, gave an incorrect proof of the erroneous statement that an element in a number field is an "n"th power if it is an "n"th power locally almost everywhere. gave another incorrect proof of this incorrect statement. However discovered the following counter-example: 16 is a "p"-adic 8th power for all odd primes "p", but is not a rational or 2-adic 8th power. In his doctoral thesis written under Artin, Wang gave and proved the correct formulation of Grunwald's assertion, by describing the rare cases when it fails. This result is what is now known as the Grunwald–Wang theorem. The history of Wang's counterexample is discussed in 
Wang's counter-example.
Grunwald's original claim that an element that is an "n"th power almost everywhere locally is an "n"th power globally can fail in two distinct ways: the element can be an "n"th power almost everywhere locally but not everywhere locally, or it can be an "n"th power everywhere locally but not globally.
An element that is an "n"th power almost everywhere locally but not everywhere locally.
The element 16 in the rationals is an 8th power at all places except 2, but is not an 8th power in the 2-adic numbers.
It is clear that 16 is not a 2-adic 8th power, and hence not a rational 8th power, since the 2-adic valuation of 16 is 4 which is not divisible by 8.
Generally, 16 is an 8th power in a field "K" if and only if the polynomial formula_3 has a root in "K". Write
Thus, 16 is an 8th power in "K" if and only if 2, −2 or −1 is a square in "K". Let "p" be any odd prime. It follows from the multiplicativity of the Legendre symbol that 2, −2 or −1 is a square modulo "p". Hence, by Hensel's lemma, 2, −2 or −1 is a square in formula_5.
An element that is an "n"th power everywhere locally but not globally.
16 is not an 8th power in formula_6 although it is an 8th power locally everywhere (i.e. in formula_7 for all "p"). This follows from the above and the equality formula_8.
A consequence of Wang's counterexample.
Wang's counterexample has the following interesting consequence showing that one cannot always find a cyclic Galois extension of a given degree of a number field in which finitely many given prime places split in a specified way:
There exists no cyclic degree 8 extension formula_9 in which the prime 2 is totally inert (i.e., such that formula_10 is unramified of degree 8).
Special fields.
For any formula_11 let
Note that the formula_13th cyclotomic field is
A field is called "s-special" if it contains formula_15, but neither formula_16, formula_17 nor formula_18.
Statement of the theorem.
Consider a number field "K" and a natural number "n". Let "S" be a finite (possibly empty) set of primes of "K" and put
The Grunwald–Wang theorem says that
unless we are in the "special case" which occurs when the following two conditions both hold:
The failure of the Hasse principle is finite: In the special case, the kernel of
is Z/2.
Explanation of Wang's counter-example.
The field of rational numbers formula_29 is 2-special since it contains formula_30, but neither formula_16, formula_32 nor formula_33. The special set is formula_34. Thus, the special case in the Grunwald–Wang theorem occurs when "n" is divisible by 8, and "S" contains 2. This explains Wang's counter-example and shows that it is minimal. It is also seen that an element in formula_35 is an "n"th power if it is a "p"-adic "n"th power for all "p".
The field formula_36 is 2-special as well, but with formula_37. This explains the other counter-example above.

</doc>
<doc id="20901697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901697" title="Greenhouse gas removal">
Greenhouse gas removal

Greenhouse gas removal projects are a type of climate engineering that seek to remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere, and thus they tackle the root cause of global warming. These techniques either directly remove greenhouse gases, or alternatively seek to influence natural processes to remove greenhouse gases indirectly. The discipline overlaps with carbon capture and storage and carbon sequestration, and some projects listed may not be considered to be geoengineering by all commentators, instead being described as mitigation.
Carbon sequestration.
A wide range of techniques for carbon sequestration exist. These range from ideas to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere (carbon dioxide air capture), flue gases (carbon capture and storage) and by preventing carbon in biomass from re-entering the atmosphere, such as with Bio-energy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS).
Chlorofluorocarbon photochemistry.
Atmospheric chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) removal is an idea which suggests using lasers to break up CFCs, an important family of greenhouse gases, in the atmosphere.
Methane removal.
Methane potentially poses major challenges for remediation. It is around 20 times as powerful a greenhouse gas as . Large quantities may be outgassed from permafrost and clathrates as a result of global warming, notably in the Arctic.
There are existing climate engineering proposals. Methane is removed by several natural processes, which can be enhanced.

</doc>
<doc id="20901700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901700" title="Gedding">
Gedding

Gedding is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around six miles south east of Bury St Edmunds, in 2005 its population was 130.
Bradfield Woods National Nature Reserve and Site of Special Scientific Interest is located just to the west of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20901714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901714" title="The Exciting Connie Francis">
The Exciting Connie Francis

The Exciting Connie Francis is a studio album recorded by American pop singer Connie Francis. It is the second album Francis cut for MGM Records.
After her breakthrough in early 1958 with her single "Who's Sorry Now?", a rock 'n' roll oriented version of the 1923 standard, and a subsequent album of the same title, Francis chose to take a more adult approach to her second album. For "The Exciting Connie Francis", she chose twelve American standards. Francis clearly marked the album as a concept album by dividing it into two sections with different moods: Side A is filled with songs differing between mid-tempo and up-tempo, while Side B consists solely of ballads.
The album was released in March 1959 on MGM Records 12" Album E-3761 (mono edition) and SE-3761 (stereo edition). It was repackaged and re-released in March 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20901723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901723" title="Gosbeck">
Gosbeck

Gosbeck is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around five miles north of Ipswich, in 2005 its population was 220.
The parish contains Gosbeck Wood, an ancient woodland and SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="20901727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901727" title="12th parallel south">
12th parallel south

The 12th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 12 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 12° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20901733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901733" title="English overseas possessions in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms">
English overseas possessions in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms

Between 1639 and 1651 English overseas possessions were involved in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, a series of civil wars and wars that were fought in and between England, Scotland and in Ireland. 
Americas.
At the beginning of the war, fifty thousand Englishmen inhabited some twenty colonies in the Americas. Most of the colonies were founded in the decade prior to the start of the English Civil War (1642–1651) with the oldest existing being the Colony of Virginia (1607). The vast majority of the adult population were first generation settlers and thousands returned to the British Isles to fight or involve themselves in the politics of the Commonwealth of England (1649–1660).
Six colonies recognized Charles II after the regicide in 1649: Antigua, Barbados, Bermuda, Virginia, Maryland, and Newfoundland. The Parliamentarians were busy subduing Royalists in Scotland, Ireland, the Isles of Scilly, the Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands but on 3 October 1650, the Rump Parliament restricted trade to Antigua, Barbados, Bermuda, and Virginia and assembled a fleet to take control of them. By 1652, all were brought into line by the Commonwealth. 
The new government introduced mercantilism with the first of the Navigation Acts in 1651. Soon the colonies became embroiled First Anglo-Dutch War (1652–1654) and the Anglo-Spanish War (1654–1660). By the English Restoration, new colonies were added and the population quadrupled to over two hundred thousand due to exiles, refugees, prisoners, and the Atlantic slave trade. In all the colonies, which later became part of the United States, population growth throughout this period was vigorous, growing from a population of about 25,000 in 1640 to around 75,000 in 1660. The colonies also became more ethnically and religiously diverse. Another effect was the establishment of colonial assemblies in most of the colonies.
Bermuda and the Caribbean.
Bermuda tended towards the Royalist side, but largely escaped the effects of the conflict. After the regicide, Bermuda was the first colony to recognize Charles II. Royalists ousted their governor and elected their leader John Trimingham. Some of the island's defeated Puritans joined the Eleutheran Adventurers in the Bahamas. 
Barbados, the second most populous colony, experienced a division between Royalists and Parliamentarians during the civil war. The words "Roundhead" and "Cavalier" were banned to maintain peace. After the regicide, the Royalists gained control of the colonial assembly. Lord Willoughby was appointed Governor of Barbados, by Charles II in May 1650 and he banished the Roundheads. During this time he also sent a small colonizing party to Suriname, which established Fort Willoughby (now Paramaribo) in honor of the governor. The colony, now cut off from England, relied on trading with the Dutch Republic. This became the motivation for the 1651 Navigation Act.
On October 25, 1651, a seven ship force under Commodore George Ayscue arrived off Barbados, demanding that the island submit "for the use of the Parliament of England". Willoughby's reply (tellingly addressed to "His Majesty's ship "Rainbow"") was unyielding, declaring that he knew "no supreme authority over Englishmen but the King". With some 400 horsemen and 6,000 militia, he was prepared to resist any attempt at coercion.
Over the next month Barbados was blockaded. Dutch ships were seized, an act which would be one of the causes of the First Anglo-Dutch War. In early December, with the Royalist cause defeated in England, Ayscue began a series of raids against fortifications on the island and was reinforced by a group of thirteen ships bound for Virginia. On December 17 a force of more than 1,000 Barbadian militia was defeated by one of Ayscue's detachments. Governor Willoughby attempted to stem the spread of Parliamentary sympathies by hanging two of the returning militia soldiers and prohibiting the reading of documents from the blockading fleet. The Royalists held out for several more weeks until one of Willoughby's own commanders, Sir Thomas Modyford the assembly speaker, declared himself for Parliament. A battle was averted by a week of rain, after which Willoughby, perhaps having seen the hopelessness of his cause, sought negotiations. He was replaced as governor but Barbados and the Royalists there were not punished. 
News of the fall of Barbados shocked the other Royalist colonies. Each of the other five soon capitulated without resistance, when Ayscue's fleet arrived to replace their governments. Following Oliver Cromwell's adventures in Ireland, and his attempt to force his protectorship on independent Scotland, Irish prisoners and a smaller number of Scots and English Royalists were sent to the islands as slaves and became known as Redlegs. After the uncovering of a plot for a coup by Irish and Black slaves in 1656, however, the importation of further Irish slaves was banned.
In 1655, Cromwell sealed an alliance with the French against the Spanish. He sent a fleet to the West Indies under Admiral William Penn, with some 3,000 marines under the command of General Robert Venables, which was further reinforced in Barbados, Montserrat, St. Kitts and Nevis. Penn and Venables decided to lay siege to Santo Domingo but failed, because the Spanish had improved their defences in the face of Dutch attacks earlier in the century. 
Weakened by fever, the English force then sailed west for Jamaica, the only place where the Spanish did not have new defensive works. In May 1655 they invaded at a place called Santiago de la Vega, now Spanish Town. They came, and they stayed, in the face of prolonged local resistance, reinforced by troops sent from New Spain in the Battle of Ocho Rios (1657) and the Battle of Rio Nuevo (1658). For England, Jamaica was to be the 'dagger pointed at the heart of the Spanish Empire' as it became the base for buccaneers. Cromwell, despite all difficulties, was determined that the presence should remain, sending reinforcements and supplies. Jamaica remained an English colony despite the exiled king's promise to return it to Spain in the event of his Restoration.
The Chesapeake Colonies.
The colonies of Virginia and Maryland had strong Royalist sympathies, owing to their origins and demographics. Virginia, the oldest and third most populous colony, was turned into a crown colony in 1624 and was mostly High Church Anglican in religion. The much smaller Maryland was a proprietary colony founded by Roman Catholic gentry, supported by a Protestant underclass.
In April 1643, aware of the problems besetting the home-country, Governor Leonard Calvert departed Maryland to consult with his brother, Proprietor Cecilius Calvert, Lord Baltimore. During this time, St. Mary's City was visited by Captain Richard Ingle, a Roundhead, who led a rebellion upon Leonard Calvert's return. In September 1644, Ingle captured St. Mary's City, and William Claiborne captured Kent Island, forcing Calvert to seek refuge in Virginia. What followed became known as the Plundering Time, a nearly two-year period when Ingle and his companions roamed the colony, robbing at will and taking Jesuits back to England as prisoners. 
Meanwhile, Virginia was battling for its survival in a war against the Powhatans (1644–1646) which saw a tenth of the colonial population killed in the initial massacre. Royalist propaganda accused the Roundheads of stirring up the natives and Governor William Berkeley expelled all the Puritans from the colony in 1647. After Virginian victory, Calvert returned to Maryland in 1646 and recaptured St. Mary's City.
Following the death of Leonard Calvert in 1647, in 1649 Cecilius Calvert named William Stone, a Protestant, as governor. By choosing Stone, Calvert could avoid criticism of Maryland as a seat of Popery, where Protestants were allegedly oppressed. Stone and his council, however, were required to agree not to interfere with freedom of worship. In 1649, the colonial assembly passed the Maryland Toleration Act, ensuring freedom of religion within Maryland.
After the regicide, Virginia remained faithful to the House of Stuart, although Parliament had decreed that support for Charles II was treason. Berkeley also invited the king to Virginia. The issue of which side Maryland stood was finally settled, at least in appearance, when Thomas Greene, deputy to Stone and a Roman Catholic, declared on November 15, 1649 that Charles II was the "undoubted rightfull heire to all his father's dominions". All acts taken by the Maryland Assembly would further require an oath of fidelity to Baltimore as "Lord Proprietor".
In March 1652 the Rump Parliament removed Stone and Berkeley as governors of Maryland and Virginia, Richard Bennett replaced Berkeley but Stone was reinstated in June. On March 2, 1654, Stone decreed that although he was faithful to the Commonwealth, all writs should "run in the Proprietary's name as heretofore".
On January 3, 1654, the exiled Virginian Puritans who had settled at Stone's invitation in Providence objected to the oath as Baltimore was a Catholic. On July 20, 1654, Stone resigned as governor under duress and fled to Virginia.
Parliamentary commissioners became "de facto" governors of the colony, and the first general assembly under their authority was held on October 20, 1654. Roman Catholics and any other individuals who had borne arms against the Parliament could not be members (effectively limiting the membership to Puritans), and among the 44 Acts passed by this group was a repeal of the Toleration Act, and another that forbade Roman Catholics from practicing their faith.
On January 31, 1655, "The Golden Lion", a merchant ship commanded by Captain Roger Heamans, arrived in Maryland, and Stone reported to the Captain that he was no longer Governor of Maryland. At about that time, another ship, "The Golden Fortune" arrived in the colony with a letter from Oliver Cromwell, by this time Lord Protector, addressed to Captain Stone, Governor of Maryland.
Using this as a form of recognition, Stone challenged the authority of the commissioners, seized back the records of the colony, and mustered his troops to deal with the Puritan settlers allied with them. Recruiting from St. Mary's County, Stone recaptured the Assembly records located on the Patuxent River, and sailed with a small fleet up the Chesapeake Bay north towards Providence.
Heamans was informed of a plot to kill the inhabitants of Providence, as well as to burn his ship and kill his crew and officers. Following the removal of the women and children of Providence to "The Golden Lion", a war council was convened, and appointed William Fuller of the Puritan settlers of Providence as its leader. On March 23, 1655, the council issued a warrant to Heamans to serve as a counselor, with Heamans relating to Stone that he was bound to do so, ignoring his contrary orders. Virginia's Richard Bennett also lent support to the Puritans.
On March 24, 1655, Heamans fired on sloops and boats heading toward his ship, forcing their retreat. Heamans then ordered an armed sloop to bar their escape by blocking Spa Creek, the inlet of the Severn to which Stone's forces had retreated. On March 25, after Fuller retrieved the only Commonwealth flag in the colony for use as his colors in battle, the forces met on Horn Point, with Fuller's forces driving Stone's small force to the end of the peninsula. In less than one half hour, the battle was over, with 17 of Stone's forces being killed and 32 wounded, including Stone. Only two of Fuller's force were killed. This event was marked as the Battle of the Severn.
Stone surrendered after he was promised mercy. Following hostilities, however, the war council issued death sentences for Stone and nine others. Four of the prisoners were executed, but the remainder were saved when the women of Providence begged that their lives be spared.
The primarily Puritan assembly retained powers until April 27, 1658, when proprietorship was restored to Lord Baltimore, religious freedom was ensured, and an agreement of general amnesty was entered into. Thus, in the end, Lord Baltimore not only retained his lands and powers, but was able to avoid the grisly fate of many of his contemporaries in England during this time. The proprietor appointed Josias Fendall to succeed Stone as governor for his loyalty during the battle. 
Governor Fendall soon had a falling out with Lord Baltimore and led a bloodless revolution in 1659 known as Fendall's Rebellion whereby he and Fuller reorganized Maryland's government to resemble the Commonwealth's. The proprietorship and the assembly's upper house was abolished. However, the Restoration of Charles II in 1660 forced Fendall into exile and restored the proprietorship.
After the death of Governor Samuel Matthews, Virginia's House of Burgesses reelected the royalist William Berkeley in 1659. Thus, in the view of historian Robert Beverley, Jr. writing in 1705, Virginia colony "was the last of all the King's Dominions that submitted to the Usurpation, and afterwards the first that cast it off". Many of the First Families of Virginia trace their founding to this time period and not the actual first days of the colony. As a reward for its loyalty, Charles II gave Virginia the epithet "Old Dominion". He awarded a group of his faithful supporters the rights to found a new colony just south of Virginia, to be called Carolina after his father (its capital would be called Charleston).
Northern Colonies.
From 1630 through 1640 approximately 20,000 Puritans emigrated to New England in a Great Migration. In 1642, after the English Civil War began, a sixth of the male colonists returned to England to fight for Parliament, and many stayed, since Oliver Cromwell was himself a Puritan. In 1643, most of the colonies formed the New England Confederation, a defensive alliance. In the early years of the Commonwealth, there was a pamphlet war on whether England should model itself after its Puritan colonies. The non-Puritan factions successfully convinced Cromwell to go for religious toleration lest there be mutiny in the New Model Army. 
Royalist Newfoundland fishermen, with the support of Prince Rupert, fought sea skirmishes with New Englanders until Governor David Kirke was arrested by his replacement John Treworgie in 1651. The sparsely populated High church Anglican Province of Maine was annexed by the most populous Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1652 as the County of Yorkshire. 
In 1654, the New England Confederation voted to invade New Netherland to support the Commonwealth during the First Anglo-Dutch War. Massachusetts refused to join which severely undermined the Confederation. Cromwell sent naval reinforcements but the war ended while they were organizing their forces. This expedition was retooled to target Nova Scotia, the former Scottish colony that was ceded to French Acadia years earlier by Charles I. Cromwell claimed the Treaty of Suza and Treaty of Saint-Germain were invalid and that the French did not pay the purchase money. Nova Scotia was taken without significant resistance by Robert Sedgwick. This became an international incident since England and France were at peace but the French were busy fighting the Spanish and ceded the territory to England to secure the Commonwealth as an ally. England returned it to France in 1670 as according to the 1667 Treaty of Breda.
After the Restoration, there was a Fifth Monarchist uprising in London led by New Englander Thomas Venner. This was used in Royalist propaganda to unfairly blame all the upheaval of the last two decades on New England. It was not helped by the fact that the New Haven Colony sheltered several regicides. New Haven was merged with the Connecticut Colony as punishment. New England as a whole remained the hotbed of Puritanism where sentiments for the 'Good Old Cause' against the 'Norman yoke' simmered until the Glorious Revolution.
India.
During this period, the East India Company operated factories in Bantam, Surat, and Fort St George (Chennai). The Commonwealth was not sympathetic to the Company, seeing it as a relic of the Stuart era. The First Anglo-Dutch War severely damaged the fortunes of the Company as it had a weaker military presence in the Indian Ocean compared to their rival, the Dutch East India Company. In 1654, the Company lost its monopoly charter. Cromwell renewed the charter in 1657 and granted the EIC the right to govern the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena.

</doc>
<doc id="20901736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901736" title="Abdastartus">
Abdastartus

Abdastartus (‘Abd-‘Ashtart) was a king of Tyre, son of Baal-Eser I (Beleazarus) and grandson of Hiram I. The only information available about Abdastartus comes from the following citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in Josephus’s "Against Apion" i.18:
Upon the death of Hirom, Beleazarus his son took the kingdom; he lived forty-three years, and reigned seven years: after him succeeded his son Abdastartus; he lived twenty-nine years, and reigned nine years. Now four sons of his nurse plotted against him and slew him.
Therefore according to Menander/Josephus, Abdastartus began to reign seven years after the death of his grandfather, Hiram I. The dating of Hiram and the following kings is based on the studies of J. Liver, J. M. Peñuela, F. M. Cross, and William H. Barnes, all of whom build on the inscriptional evidence of a synchronism between Baal-Eser II and Shalmaneser III in 841 BC. Earlier studies that did not take this inscriptional evidence into consideration will have differing dates for the kings of Tyre.
A further overview of the chronology of Tyrian kings from Hiram I to Pygmalion, with a discussion of the importance of Dido’s flight from Tyre and eventual founding of Carthage for dating these kings, is found in the Pygmalion of Tyre article.

</doc>
<doc id="20901737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901737" title="Hessett">
Hessett

Hessett is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around four miles south east of Bury St Edmunds, in 2005 its population was 490.

</doc>
<doc id="20901755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901755" title="Hinderclay">
Hinderclay

Hinderclay is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. The village is located around - of Bury St Edmunds in an area of rolling arable land to the south of the Little Ouse river valley. Neighbouring villages include Thelnetham and Rickinghall. In 2005 its population was 340. The parish also contains the hamlet of Thorpe Street. 
The parish church is dedicated to St Mary and was thatched until 1842. Hinderclay Hall is to the south of the village. A tower mill used to stand in The Street. It was demolished either in 1920 or 1955. Two pubs used to exist in the village. First, the Bell (formerly Six Bells) is now residential and known as Orchard House. The old pub was also located close to a bend in the road still known locally as 'Bells Corner' (on Bells Lane) and secondly, the Crown. 
History.
Nearby, on the edge of Hinderclay wood, were found the remains of an early Iron Age settlement. Roman pottery kilns were found in the wood. The village was recorded in Domesday as "Hilderclea" (from the Anglo-Saxon for "tongue of land in a river where the elder grew".
Natural environment.
The northern boundary of the parish (also the border with Norfolk) is marked by the River Little Ouse, with the area directly south of the river known as Hinderclay fen. This used to form part of the Blo' Norton and Thelnetham Fen Site of Special Scientific Interest, a wetland site, but agricultural drainage caused the area to dry out. The area is managed by the Little Ouse Headwaters Project with the aim of reverting it to a more natural wetland state.
Hinderclay Lakes, east, are a good source of fishing and are being created by the extraction of peat, which is sold for garden use. Hinderclay Woods are located southwest from the village centre. 

</doc>
<doc id="20901782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901782" title="Michel Rio">
Michel Rio

Michel Rio (born in 1945) is a French writer and novelist. Born in Brittany, he was raised in Madagascar and currently lives in Paris. He has won several literary awards, and has been translated in many languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20901788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901788" title="Langham, Suffolk">
Langham, Suffolk

Langham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around seven miles north east of Bury St Edmunds, in 2005 its population was 90. The parish also contains the hamlet of Stock Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="20901795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901795" title="Wes Lucas">
Wes Lucas

Wes W. Lucas (born May 2, 1963) was named SIRVA chief executive officer and board member in July 2008. From 2001 to 2006, Lucas served as chairman, chief executive officer and president of Sun Chemical, the world’s largest color company, with 300 operating plants and approximately $4 billion in annual sales. Prior to this, he served with Kodak Polychrome. Previous significant leadership roles also include serving as chief executive officer and president of Quebecor World, a $6 billion printing services company; president of Sytrenics Nova Chemicals, a producer of plastics and materials; vice president of AlliedSignal, a multi-billion-dollar industrial company; and as a management consultant with McKinsey & Company. Lucas holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard Business School, and a Bachelor of Science degree in finance and accounting from the University of California, Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="20901798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901798" title="2009 in Australia">
2009 in Australia

"See also:" 
2008 in Australia, 
other events of 2009, 
2010 in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="20901803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901803" title="University of Medical Technology, Yangon">
University of Medical Technology, Yangon

The University of Medical Technology, Yangon ( ; formerly, the Institute of Paramedical Science, Yangon) is one of three universities of medical technology in Myanmar. The university offers four-year Bachelor of Medical Technology (BMTech) and two-year Master of Medical Technology (MMTech) degree programs in physiotherapy, medical laboratory technology and medical imaging technology. The university accepts approximately undergraduate 150 students annually. It is situated at Lower Mingaladon Road in Insein Township.
History.
Formal paramedical education in Myanmar began in 1964 when a paramedical diploma course in accordance with the guidelines set by the College of Radiographers, UK, was introduced. This was part of an international technical assistance program—the Colombo Plan, and was available until 1986. The Institute of Paramedical Science, Yangon was formally established in 1993. It was the only institute in the country until the founding of the Institute of Paramedical Science, Mandalay in 2002.
Programs.
The university offers two-year diploma and four-year bachelor's degree programs in radiography, physiotherapy, and medical technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20901806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901806" title="Baal-Eser I">
Baal-Eser I

Baal-Eser I (Beleazarus I, Ba‘l-mazzer I) was a king of Tyre. His father, Hiram I, was a contemporary of David and Solomon, kings of Israel. The only information available about Baal-Eser I comes from the following citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in Josephus’s "Against Apion" i.18:
Upon the death of Hirom, Beleazarus his son took the kingdom; he lived forty-three years, and reigned seven years: after him succeeded his son Abdastartus.
The dates for Baal-Eser are established from the dates for Hiram. The dating of Hiram and the following kings is based on the studies of J. Liver, J. M. Peñuela, F. M. Cross, and William H. Barnes, all of whom build on the inscriptional evidence of a synchronism between Baal-Eser II and Shalmaneser III in 841 BC. Earlier studies that did not take this inscriptional evidence into consideration will have differing dates for the kings of Tyre.
A further overview of the chronology of Tyrian kings from Hiram I to Pygmalion, with a discussion of the importance of Dido’s flight from Tyre and eventual founding of Carthage for dating these kings, is found in the Pygmalion of Tyre article.

</doc>
<doc id="20901809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901809" title="14th parallel north">
14th parallel north

The 14th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 14 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, Central America, the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 12 hours, 57 minutes during the summer solstice and 11 hours, 18 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 14° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20901810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901810" title="Gare d'Avignon-Centre">
Gare d'Avignon-Centre

The Gare d'Avignon-Centre (Avignon Central railway station) is a railway station serving the city of Avignon, in Vaucluse, France. It is situated on the Paris–Marseille railway.
The building.
The station was constructed in 1860 according to the plans of the architect Louis Jules Bouchot.
Train traffic.
A wide range of trains use Avignon-Centre station, including Transport express régional, TGV trains from Paris Gare de Lyon, Provence, Côte d'Azur and Languedoc, and Eurostar trains direct from London during the summer months. Many other TGV trains stop at the Avignon TGV station.
The services include:

</doc>
<doc id="20901811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901811" title="College of Advanced Technology (United Kingdom)">
College of Advanced Technology (United Kingdom)

The Colleges of Advanced Technology (CATs) were a type of Higher Education Institution established in 1956 in England and Wales following the publication of a Government White Paper on Technical Education which listed 24 technical colleges in receipt of 75% grant for parts of their advanced work. The government confirmed that the proportion of advanced work at these colleges should be increased so that they could develop as quickly as possible into Colleges of Advanced Technology. Eventually ten of the 24 were confirmed as CATs. In 1956 Aston University became the first designated College of Advanced Technology (or CAT). Following the Robbins Report of 1963 the Colleges of Advanced Technology were expanded and awarded university status in 1966. The ten CATs and the universities they became are as follows:-

</doc>
<doc id="20901816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901816" title="Little Blakenham">
Little Blakenham

Little Blakenham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around two miles north-west of Ipswich and a mile south-west of its larger sister village Great Blakenham, in 2005 its population was 310. The parish also contains the hamlets of Inghams and The Common.
The tiny village nestles at the base of gentle hillside. The church tower is visible for some distance, rising out of the trees. The parish is long and narrow, stretching some three miles from its south-western limit, not far from Flowton Church, to its north-eastern extremity, beside the River Gipping near Claydon. The Grade 1 listed church of St Mary The Virgin is set upon a grassy chalky bank beside a narrow lane, a little above the houses of its village and beside the former Rectory - a house with Dutch gables which stands at a considerably lower level. The east window of the church is a rare example in Suffolk of a stepped triple-lancet window of the late Early English period (c.1250-80). The congregation is supported from Bramford.
The village has its own version of an old carol, surviving the days when the churches standardised onto a common hymnal. Pete Jennings of BBC Radio Suffolk, and also Chairman of the Suffolk Pagan Society, found the words in a notebook started in 1891 by a folklorist called Charles Partridge. He was quoting Revd John Jackson of Little Blakenham, who had taken down the words from an aged parishioner. This had been published in "Suffolk Notes & Queries" No 121. Pete could not locate a version of the work locally, so researched at Cecil Sharp House in London, the headquarters of the English Folk Song And Song Society. The only thing Pete could find related to it was an Irish hymnal, which provided some similar verses and a tune, under the title "The Sinner's Redemption". Pete eventually offered the material to folk trio Artisan from Yorkshire. Enquiries by a former church organist uncovered the fact that a very similar version of the carol can easily be found in the New Oxford Book of Carols.

</doc>
<doc id="20901817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901817" title="Lola Jonze">
Lola Jonze

Lola Jonze is a fictional character in the popular TV series, "Britannia High" and is played by English actor Rana Roy.
"Lola" is Britannia High's star dance pupil and is a feminine, silly and naïve character.
Series one.
Episode 4 - "Fame".
In Episode 4, "Fame", Lola is photographed by a newspaper journalist when she kisses Matt Willis, and gives an exclusive interview to a magazine, telling lies about her relationship with Matt Willis to get an audition to dance in a Boyzone video. Delighted by her newfound fame, Lola begins skipping school to go to auditions and celebrity parties, which upsets her friends. When she has an argument with music mentor, Anna, Lola is sent to go see the school's principal, Mr Nugent. He tells her that it is against school rules to take on other auditions and that she has to choose between staying at Britannia High and becoming famous. Lola leaves the school, but soon finds out that being famous isn't quite what she thought it would be. She goes back to Britannia High, after throwing away her phone, and asks to rejoin. Mr Nugent tells her that first she will have to do an audition for him, Anna and Stefan the next morning. She accepts, and heads to the dance studio to practice, first talking to her friends, Lauren Waters and Claudine Cameron. They refuse to speak to her and laugh at a picture of her in a magazine. Lola goes to practice for her audition in the dance studio and is spotted by the gang's friend Ronnie, who works in the canteen. Ronnie sees Lola is struggling and goes to talk to Lauren and Claudine to ask them to help Lola. They forgive Lola and head to the dance studio to help her rehearse where the three of them sing Picking Up The Pieces. In the end, Lola's audition is fabulous and she gains back her place at Britannia High.
Episode 7 - "Don't Stand So Close To Me".
Another Lola-centered episode is Episode 7, "Don't Stand So Close To Me", in which Lola's fantasy love affair with her dance teacher, Stefan is revealed. Lola's delighted when Stefan asks her to represent Britannia High in a dance competition and take extra one-to-one lessons with him after school. She accepts his offer. Meanwhile, BB notices that Lola keeps a diary and suggests to Jez that they take the diary, "and tell the whole school what really goes on in her mind" on the radio show that they both present. Jez is unsure, but has to follow BB when he sneaks into the girls’ bathrooms, where Lola has left her bag while she has her dance lesson with Stefan. They take the diary but are shocked when they read about Lola's relationship with Stefan. They take the diary back to the house where they share what they have found with Lauren, Danny and Claudine. Shocked, a few days later they follow the two of them to a coffee shop to prove themselves right. They hide behind a wall and watch, getting completely the wrong idea. They think they see Stefan caress her face, but he's actually feeling a lump on her nose to prove to Lola she doesn't need plastic surgery. The next day in the canteen Claudine and Danny go to ask Lola and Stefan on a double date, but of course, Stefan doesn't have a clue what they're talking about. He walks out of the canteen, and Lola follows. They have a heart-to-heart in the dance studio where Lola admits her feelings for Stefan and that she's been writing about him in her diary. When Lola asks Stefan if he feels the same way about her, he tells her he likes her but if anything happened between them, he could lose his job. She asks if he'd go out with her if she wasn't his student, and Stefan replies, "Maybe". The next day after dance class, Lola tells Stefan she's going to leave Britannia High so they can be together, properly. Speechless, all he can do is return her hug. The next day Lola's telling her friends about her plan to leave Britannia High when Mr Nugent walks into the classroom and tells the class that Stefan's called him and said he had to leave the school and move back to Australia. Despite Lauren's concerns, Lola runs to the airport and just catches Stefan as he's about to go through the Departures gate. He tells her that he was up all night thinking about her, and that he knows he can't turn her life upside down and make her leave school. They share a tearful goodbye and dance together in the airport, before he leaves.
However, in Episode 9, during the end of year showcase Stefan returns from Australia. Lola at first tries to dodge talking to Stefan, perhaps because she hasn't really forgiven him for leaving her, but in the end, he asks Lola to come away with him. She agrees, and during the final song, we see Stefan waiting with a pink suitcase of Lola's stuff.
Friendships.
During the first few episodes of Britannia High, it is made clear that Claudine and Lola are almost best friends, but in the middle of the series, especially when Claudine begins dating Danny and after she tells Lola she's stupid in Episode 6, Miss Independent, they aren't as close anymore. Instead, Lola's best friends within the group seem to be Jez and Lauren.

</doc>
<doc id="20901820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901820" title="The Fruitties">
The Fruitties

The Fruitties is an animated television series produced in Spain by D'Ocon Film Productions in 1987. It was originally aired on Spanish television TVE. Originally 91 episodes were created, each 10 minutes long, but the series was often repackaged as 56 25-minute episodes.
The series was dubbed into many languages and in 1991 an English-language version of the show made its debut on British television.
Story.
The show featured the adventures of anthropomorphic talking fruit in and around a forest island.
Cast.
Song.
The show is fondly remembered for its musical songs at both the opening and closing credits.
DVD.
A DVD of the Spanish version was issued in 2006.
A DVD of the English version has yet to be released.

</doc>
<doc id="20901860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901860" title="Greater green snake">
Greater green snake

The greater green snake (Cyclophiops major) is a snake of the family Colubridae found in China, Taiwan, Laos, and Vietnam.
Description.
A slender, medium-sized snake, averaging 75–90 cm (2½-3 feet) in total length, but occasionally growing to 120 cm (4 feet). Bright green above; ventral scales greenish-yellow. Dorsal scales smooth except that males have several mid-dorsal scale rows keeled. Some specimens have scattered black spots on dorsum.
Habits and habitat.
This snake is diurnal and semi-arboreal, living in humid forests and farmland. When encountered, they are mild-mannered and rarely bite.
Diet.
Earthworms, insect larvae, and other soft-bodied invertebrates.
Reproduction.
Oviparous. Lays 2–16 eggs per clutch. Young snakes hatch in about two months.
Distribution.
Central/South China (Hainan, Henan, Gansu, Anhui, Sichuan, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, Hubei, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Shaanxi, Zhejiang), Taiwan, North Vietnam, Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="20901863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901863" title="David Logan (Oregon politician)">
David Logan (Oregon politician)

David Logan (April 5, 1824 – March 26, 1874) was an American attorney and politician in the territory of and later state of Oregon. A native of Illinois, he moved to Oregon in 1850 where he served in the Oregon Territorial Legislature and in the Oregon Constitutional Convention. A founder of the Oregon Republican Party, he also served as mayor of Portland.
Early life.
David Logan was born in the state of Kentucky on April 5, 1824. The family later moved to the town of Springfield, Illinois. His father, Stephen T. Logan, practiced law as a partner with Abraham Lincoln in Springfield. David Logan studied law in Springfield under his father and Lincoln passing the bar in 1844 in Sangamon County. An anti-Democrat and Whig politically, Logan was to become a partner with Lincoln and his father in their practice before his drinking led to a falling out with his father. Due to this falling out, Logan's father sent him to join the army and fight in the Mexican-American War. David Logan also briefly moved to California. After Logan returned from the war, his father sent him to Oregon.
In 1850, Logan arrived in what was then the Oregon Territory and set up a law practice in Lafayette. He moved to Portland soon after and continued practicing law. The next year he ran for representative office in the Oregon Territorial Legislature for Yamhill County, but lost to Matthew P. Deady. Logan and Deady would have a long-running feud, Logan's drunkenness would continue to plague him, and further troubles included accusations of the rape of a Native American girl. On January 20, 1852, he represented the United States in a customs dispute with the Hudson’s Bay Company at a court in Olympia, which was still part of the Oregon Territory at that time.
Political career.
In June 1854, Logan was elected to the Oregon Territorial Legislature to represent Washington County, which at that time included Portland and part of what later that year became Multnomah County. In 1857, he was elected to represent Multnomah County at the Oregon Constitutional Convention. Held from August to September in Salem, Logan was on the Judicial Department Committee. Though he voted against the adoption of the Oregon Constitution, the document was approved and became effective upon statehood on February 14, 1859. He also helped found the Oregon Republican Party.
Upon statehood, Logan stood as the new Republican Party’s candidate for the state’s seat in the House of Representatives. He lost in both 1859 and 1860 to Lansing Stout. Logan was elected as the Mayor of Portland on April 6, 1863, and served until April 1864 when Henry Failing was elected to the office. In 1868, he ran for Oregon’s seat in Congress as the Republican nominee, losing to Joseph Showalter Smith.
Later years.
In 1862, he married Mary Porter Waldo; they had no children. Logan entered a partnership with Erasmus D. Shattuck in 1857, and remained a partner until 1874. In 1871, he partly retired to a farm in Yamhill County. On March 26, 1874, David Logan died in Yamhill County at the age of 49. He was called the “greatest jury lawyer of his time”.

</doc>
<doc id="20901868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901868" title="Combinatorics and dynamical systems">
Combinatorics and dynamical systems

The mathematical disciplines of combinatorics and dynamical systems interact in a number of ways. The ergodic theory of dynamical systems has recently been used to prove combinatorial theorems about number theory which has given rise to the field of arithmetic combinatorics. Also dynamical systems theory is heavily involved in the relatively recent field of combinatorics on words. Also combinatorial aspects of dynamical systems are studied. Dynamical systems can be defined on combinatorial objects; see for example graph dynamical system.

</doc>
<doc id="20901884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901884" title="Muellerolimon">
Muellerolimon

Muellerolimon salicorniaceum, the sole species in genus Muellerolimon, is a succulent perennial herb or shrub that grows on salt mudflats in Western Australia.
Description.
It grows as an erect or spreading succulent perennial herb or shrub, from ten centimetres to a metre high. Its leaves are reduced to tiny scales sheathing the stem joints. Flowers are white, and occur in terminal cymes. The fruit is a nut.
Taxonomy.
The species was first published in 1881 by Ferdinand von Mueller, under the name "Statice salicorneacea". It was transferred into "Limonium" by Otto Kuntze in the 1890s, where it remained until 1982, when Igorj Alexandrovich Linczevski erected "Muellerolimon" for it.
Distribution and habitat.
It grows in coastal mudflats and salt marches of Western Australia. Most specimens collections have been near the coast between Geraldton and Broome, but there have also been collections from the west coast south of Perth, the south coast in the vicinity of Esperance, and as far inland as Wiluna.
Ecology.
It is halophytic. It is not considered threatened.

</doc>
<doc id="20901910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901910" title="Lewis Girls Comprehensive School">
Lewis Girls Comprehensive School

Lewis Girls Comprehensive School is a comprehensive school in Wales. The School was established subsequent to its partner school 'Lewis Boy's School' situated in Glan-y-Nant, Pengam. The School was primarily established for female students but has recently begun to allow male students from local comprehensive schools to enroll in its sixth form and study subjects under Lewis Girls teaching staff. 
The School's motto is 'HEDD' (the Welsh word for 'Peace') standing for- Harmony, Excellence, Diligence and Dedication. 

</doc>
<doc id="20901927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901927" title="Daniel Kane">
Daniel Kane

Daniel Kane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20901932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901932" title="Khede">
Khede

Khede is a small village in the state of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dhule taluka of Dhule District in Maharastra.
Location.
Khede is located on the National Highway 6 (NH 6).
Demographics.
As of 2001 census, Khede had a population of 5,807 with 2,869 males and 2,838 females. Males constitute 51% of the population and females 49%. Khede has an average literacy rate of 76.01%, higher than the national average of 59.5%. Male Literacy is 86.09%, and female literacy is 5.79%. In Khede, 12% of the population is under 6 years of age. Khede has an average birth rate of 18.84% and an average death rate of 6.02%.
There are total of 977 households in the village and the village border area is spread in the area of 2,384 hectares.
Economy.
Khede has a farming economy, traditional crops include Millet, Chilli, Cotton, Bhuimug, Harbhara, Jowar, Onion, Sugarcane and Wheat. Farmers rely on rain water as well as water from rivers for farming needs. 
Khede farming economy is included in the states income & expenditure accounts. As for budget year 2007-2008 Khede village had accounted for an income of Rs. 1,356,897.50 whereas the total expenditure was Rs. 1,335,400.00.
Administration.
Khede has as Village Gram Panchayat for day to day administration. The District Zilla Panchayat headquarters is at Dhule and the Block Panchayat is also at Dhule.
Khede has no commercial banks, co-operative banks, agricultural credit societies, non-agricultural credit societies or other credit societies present within the village.
Drinking water facilities.
Khede has numerous drinking water facilities which are mainly available through a common tap or a common well. There are three wells, two hand pumps, two electric pumps and five common taps available within the village as drinking water sources.
Education Facilities.
Khede has one primary school, one secondary school and one higher secondary school within the village. For all higher education, village students have to go to the bigger cities close by. There are also another 2 government funded childcare and mother-care centers (Anganwadi) within the village as part of the Integrated Child Development Services program started by the Indian government to combat child hunger and malnutrition in 1975.
Medical Facilities.
Khede has 4 private clinics and 2 medical shops present within the village. But it lacks a larger government hospital.
Communication Facilities.
Khede has its own post office but there are no telegraph or telephone facilities within the village.
Recreation & Cultural Facilities.
Khede has no recreational facilities like cinemas or video halls present within the village.
Khede has no cultural facilities like sports-clubs, stadium or auditorium present within the village.
Transport.
Rail.
Khede has no railway station of its own, the closest railway station is Dhule which is 15 km from the village.
Road.
Khede is connected by the State Transport Buses that ply between Dhule, Kusumba & Malegaon.
Air.
Khede has no airport of its own, the closest airport is at Dhule.

</doc>
<doc id="20901939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901939" title="16th parallel south">
16th parallel south

The 16th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 16 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
A section of the border between Mozambique and Zimbabwe is defined by the parallel.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 16° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20901941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901941" title="Luke Gardiner">
Luke Gardiner

Luke Gardiner (c. 1690 – 25 September 1755) was an Irish property developer and politician.
In the Irish House of Commons he represented Tralee from 1725 until 1727 and Thomastown from 1727 until his death in 1755. He was appointed to the Irish Privy Council on 2 August 1737.
In 1711 he married Anne Stewart, daughter of the Hon. Alexander Stewart and heiress in her issue to the estates of the Viscounts Mountjoy. Their son Charles also served as an MP and Privy Counsellor. 
During his career Gardiner acquired a wide variety of properties throughout Dublin city. The major continuous part, much of which he purchased from the Moore family in 1714, was a large piece of land to the East of the then established city. This estate corresponds to the modern area bounded by The Royal Canal, Dorset Street, the Western Way, Constitution Hill, Parnell Street, O'Connell Street and the River Liffey. As owner of this land, Gardiner led the development of the Northside of the city east along the river, developing what is now O'Connell Street (then Sackville Street), Dorset Street, Parnell Street and Square (then Rutland Street & Square), and Mountjoy Square. After his death, his son and heir Charles continued the development, finishing Rutland Square before his grandson, Luke Gardiner (later Lord and Viscount Mountjoy) inherited the estate and accelerated the development further East.

</doc>
<doc id="20901955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901955" title="Hlaðguðr svanhvít">
Hlaðguðr svanhvít

In Norse mythology, Hlaðguðr svanhvít (Old Norse "Hlaðguðr swan-white") is a valkyrie. Hlaðguðr svanhvít is attested in the "Poetic Edda" poem "Völundarkviða" as the sister of the valkyrie Hervör alvitr (both daughters of King Hlödvér), and as the seven-year wife of Slagfiðr.

</doc>
<doc id="20901963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901963" title="1992 Miami Hurricanes football team">
1992 Miami Hurricanes football team

The 1992 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami in the 1992 NCAA Division I-A football season.

</doc>
<doc id="20901976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901976" title="Erector (Transformers)">
Erector (Transformers)

Erector is a fictional character in the Transformers series introduced in 1989. He was nominated as a fan's choice for the Transformers Hall of Fame in 2011. He is sometimes called "Autobot Erector" for trademark purposes by Hasbro, and is called Cragun in Japan.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Erector is described by his on-card biography as being reluctant to destroy things. His crane converts into a battle station with photon cannon and a machine gun battery.
The biography for the Japanese version of the character, called Technical Commander Cragun, depicts him as head of the development team on Cybertron, who can turn waste into weapons.
According to Hasbro designer Joe Kyde Erector's colors were the inspiration for the 2008 Decepticon Mudflap toy, who is also a yellow crane.
Reception.
Erector was named the 4th top unfortunately named Transformer by Topless Robot.
In 2011 Erector was one of five characters nominated for Hasbro's "Transformers Hall of Fame" by fans, the others being Jazz, Shockwave, Grimlock and Waspinator. According to the new biography published by Hasbro he used to be a Constructicon who lost out on membership to Hook.
Animated series.
Erector appeared in animated form in a commercial for the Micromaster toys, where he and a lot of other Micromaster attacked a large Decepticon by crawling up his leg.
Condor Verlag.
In a story called "By their Blasters you shall know them ...!" from "Transformers Comic-Magazin" issue #12 by German comic publisher Condor Verlag Optimus Prime instructs Backstreet, Bumblebee and Ruckus on how to identify Autobots from Decepticons in battle using the Ark's computer. Erector is one of those he displays to the Autobots.
Dreamwave Productions.
Although Elector did not appear in regular fiction of the ongoing Transformers comic book published by Dreamwave Productions, he did get a page devoted to him in their "More Than Meets The Eye" biography series.

</doc>
<doc id="20901984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901984" title="Hervör alvitr">
Hervör alvitr

In Norse mythology, Hervör alvitr (Old Norse, "alvitr" possibly meaning "all-wise" or "strange creature") is a valkyrie. Hervör alvitr is attested in the "Poetic Edda" poem "Völundarkviða" as the sister of the valkyrie Hlaðguðr svanhvít (both daughters of King Hlödvér), and as the seven-year wife of the smith Völundr.

</doc>
<doc id="20901985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901985" title="Wish (Unix shell)">
Wish (Unix shell)

wish (Windowing Shell) is a simple scripting or interactive Unix shell for the X Window System and Mac OS X. It provides users with the facility to be able to control graphical user interface components via the Tk toolkit, and enables utilization of the Tcl programming language.
wish is open source and is currently part of the Tcl/Tk programming suite.

</doc>
<doc id="20901987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901987" title="Luke Gardiner, 1st Viscount Mountjoy">
Luke Gardiner, 1st Viscount Mountjoy

Luke Gardiner, 1st Viscount Mountjoy PC (Ire) (7 February 1745 – 5 June 1798) was an Irish landowner and politician.
Biography.
He was the son of Charles Gardiner by his wife Florinda, daughter of Robert Norman. His sister Anne later became Countess of Clancarty. On 3 July 1773 he married Elizabeth, daughter of William Montgomery, an MP for Ballynakill and later a Baronet. Their children included a son, Charles John, and a daughter Margaret, who later became Countess of Donoughmore. He was educated at St John's College, Cambridge.
From 1773 to 1789 he represented Dublin County in the Irish House of Commons. He was appointed to the Irish Privy Council on 29 December 1780 and created Baron Mountjoy on 19 September 1789 and Viscount Mountjoy on 30 September 1795, both in the Peerage of Ireland.
Lord Mountjoy was killed in action at the age of 53, leading his regiment at the Battle of New Ross. He was succeeded by his son Charles, who was later created Earl of Blessington.

</doc>
<doc id="20901989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20901989" title="University of Public Health, Yangon">
University of Public Health, Yangon

The University of Public Health, Yangon ( ) is the premier university of public health in Myanmar. Founded in 2007, the university offers only graduate and post-graduate degree programs: Master of Public Health (MPH), PhD in Public Health, Diploma in Medical Science and Diploma in Medical Education. The university is a member of the South-East Asia Public Health Education Institution Network (SEAPHEIN).
Location.
It is located at the heart of Yangon. The full address is 246, Myo Ma Kyaung street, corner of Bo Gyoke Aung San Road and Lamadaw street, Latha, Yangon. It is just across the road in front of University of Medicine 1 which was the oldest medical school in Myanmar.
History.
The university was founded in 2007 to strengthen the public health system (including human resources for public health) and infrastructure in Myanmar. It is to help strengthen referral systems by providing technical back-up. Referral facilities for primary, secondary and tertiary care are important to effective community health work. Current dean of the school is Professor Nay Soe Maung who has served as an army doctor up to the rank of a colonel.He is ex-husband of one of the daughters of former Myanmar Junta head.
Entrance.
Physicians(M.B.B.S), dentists(B.D.S), nurses(B.N.Sc) and health assistants(B.Comm.H) are allowed to enter this school. Medical doctors and community/public health professions who are working in government service can enroll the UOPH via entrance exam. Applicant must be under 50 years old. They also finished the training of Central Institute of Civil Service in Myanmar. It is under authority of Ministry of Health in Myanmar.

</doc>
<doc id="20902003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902003" title="Arachnocoris trinitatis">
Arachnocoris trinitatis

Arachnocoris trinitatis is a true bug species found in Trinidad, West Indies. It is often found living in the webs of the pholcid spider "Mesabolivar aurantiacus" (Mello-Leitão, 1930). It seems to prefer empty webs, possibly utilizing them as a ready-made prey-capture device, and possibly as a site for finding mates. "A. trinitatis" can be found in webs all year, but is much less common during the dry season. About one quarter of "M. aurantiacus" webs contain at least one "A. trinitatis" during the wet season, with some containing two or three. When two adults are found, they are often 0.5 to 4 cm apart from each other, while keeping a distance from the host spider. They were observed to attack entangled prey, but then retreat when the spider approached it. Adults fly readily when disturbed.

</doc>
<doc id="20902010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902010" title="Samfundet De Nio">
Samfundet De Nio

Samfundet De Nio ("The Nine Society") is a Swedish literary society founded on 14 February 1913 in Stockholm by a testamentary donation from writer Lotten von Kraemer. The society has nine members who are elected for life. Its purpose is to promote Swedish literature, peace and women's issues. It mainly presents a number of literary awards. It was started as an alternative to the Swedish Academy and is often compared to its more famous cousin.
Membership.
Four seats are always held by women and four by men. Seat number one, the chair, alternates between men and women.
Current members: Inge Jonsson (chair), Nina Burton, Anders R Öhman, Kerstin Ekman, Gunnar Harding, Agneta Pleijel, Niklas Rådström, Madeleine Gustafsson, Johan Svedjedal
Original members: Viktor Almquist (chair), Selma Lagerlöf, Karl Wåhlin, Ellen Key, Erik Hedén, Kerstin Hård af Segerstad, Göran Björkman, Anna-Maria Roos, John Landquist
Some notable members over the years have been Astrid Lindgren, Elin Wägner, Hjalmar Gullberg, Anders Olsson, Gunnel Vallquist, Karin Boye, Sara Lidman, and Knut Ahnlund.
Prizes.
List of all winners
Publications.
The annual publication "Vår Tid" ("Our Time") was published 1916–1925 and 1930. "Svensk Litteraturtidskrift" () was published from 1938 to 1983. It contained essays, reviews and other texts about Swedish literature. Editors have included Olle Holmberg, Algot Werin and Knut Ahnlund. Samfundet De Nio also published "Artes" (1975–2005) together with the Swedish Academy, Royal Swedish Academy of Music and the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts. Since 2003 they publish a literary calendar together with Norstedts Förlag.

</doc>
<doc id="20902011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902011" title="Fritz Brandtner">
Fritz Brandtner

Friedrich Wilhelm Brandtner (28 July 1896 - 1969), known during his life as Fritz Brandtner, was a German-Canadian artist and art instructor. At one time or another he worked as painter, printmaker, graphic artist, illustrator, muralist, and set designer.
Brandtner emigrated to Canada from Germany in 1928. Following a short stay in Winnipeg he settled in Montreal in 1934. A prolific artist and thinker, he actively participated in the cultural life of Canada. He was also a passionate art-educator, teaching classes with Canadian painter Marian Scott. Brandtner introduced notions of the German Expressionists to Canada, especially the works of Bauhaus and abstractionism.
Brandtner was a close friend of Montreal art dealer Paul Kastel of the Kastel Gallery. Kastel was named the executor of the Brandtner estate, and Kastel continued to promote Brandtner's work over the following four decades. In 2011 Galerie Valentin held a retrospective exhibition of works by Fritz Brandtner.

</doc>
<doc id="20902019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902019" title="Georg Gustav Roskoff">
Georg Gustav Roskoff

Georg Gustav Roskoff (1814–1889) was an Austrian theologian, professor of Old Testament exegesis at Vienna University from 1850 to 1884.
His main work deals with the historical development of dualism in which he traces the figure of the Devil in human thought from the beginnings until his own time. His "History of the Devil" (1869) is still considered a standard work on the topic, although it has been criticized for repeating Gottfried Christian Voigt's unrealistic figure of nine million victims of the Early Modern witch-trials.

</doc>
<doc id="20902021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902021" title="2009–10 Setanta Sports Cup">
2009–10 Setanta Sports Cup

The 2009–10 Setanta Sports Cup was the 5th staging of the cross-border Setanta Sports Cup competition - which features football clubs from the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. It commenced on August 28, 2009, and the final was played on May 15, 2010, with Bohemians defeating St Patrick's Athletic 1–0 to claim their first Setanta Cup triumph.
On June 22, 2009, the draw for the competition was postponed because of the financial troubles of organizer Setanta Sports. However, on July 19, 2009, it was confirmed that the competition would be going ahead as planned, and the draw was made at FAI headquarters in Abbotstown, Dublin, on July 28.
Changes to structure.
In the 2009–10 season, the Setanta Cup was expanded to nine teams, comprising three groups of three. The three group winners qualified for the semi-finals, as did the group runner-up with the best record. Teams were drawn from the top four of both leagues, with an additional place for the winners of the previous competition, Cork City. In a further change to the format of previous years, games were expected to take place on weekends instead of midweek.
Group Stages.
Teams that progressed to the Semi-Finals are indicated in bold type.
Teams eliminated from the Setanta Sports Cup this stage are indicated in "italics".
Group 1.
"Postponed due to waterlogged pitch"
"Due to Cork City's resignation from the competition, Sligo Rovers were awarded a 3-0 win"
"Due to Cork City's resignation from the competition, Cliftonville were awarded a 3-0 win"
Group 3.
"Derry City ceased to exist, St Patrick's Athletic awarded 3-0 win"
"Derry City ceased to exist, Linfield awarded 3-0 win"
Semi finals.
Second leg.
"St Patrick's Athletic won 6 − 2 on aggregate"
"Bohemians won 3 − 1 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="20902031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902031" title="Dacorum Council election, 2007">
Dacorum Council election, 2007

Elections to Dacorum Council in Hertfordshire, England were held on 3 May 2007. The whole council was up for election with boundary changes since the last election in 2003 reducing the number of seats by one. The Conservative party remained in overall control of the council after winning 44 of the 51 seats which they partly attributed to national events, while the Liberal Democrats lost 2 seats but were pleased to become the official opposition.

</doc>
<doc id="20902032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902032" title="Charles A. Coulombe">
Charles A. Coulombe

Charles A. Coulombe (born 8 November 1960) is a prominent American Catholic historian, author, journalist, lecturer, and occasional researcher into the supernatural.
Life.
Born in New York City, Coulombe moved with his parents and older brother to Hollywood, California at age 6. A product of L.A.'s parochial schools, he attended college at New Mexico Military Institute and California State University, Northridge, majoring in political Science.
After spending three years as a stand-up comic on the Sunset Strip, Coulombe authored his first book, "Everyman Today Call Rome", a look at the Catholic Church in America from an under-30 viewpoint. In 1990, some of his poetry was published in "The White Cockade". Coulombe's work has appeared in more than 20 journals, including regular columns in "Fidelity" of Australia, "PRAG" of London, "Monarchy Canada", and "Creole" of Louisiana. A contributing editor and regular movie reviewer to the "National Catholic Register", he has also been a frequent contributor to such publications as "Success", "Catholic Twin Circle", "Gnosis", "FATE" and "New Oxford Review".
Lecturing on a wide variety of religious, political, historical, and literary topics has taken him throughout the U.S., Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. In August 1992, he spoke at Oxford University, England. In October 1993 he embarked on a lecture tour of Ireland, Scotland, and England. The following year he returned to the latter two nations, and in 1995 spoke at Oxford and Cambridge. Coulombe has lectured repeatedly at the University of Southern California on the history of rock and roll, and at Cleveland's John Carroll University on medieval monarchy. He has acted as a media consultant on all things Catholic, especially the history of the Papacy.
Coulombe serves as Western U.S. Delegate of the Grand Council of the U.K.-based International Monarchist League, and is a member of both the Catholic Writer's Guild of Great Britain (the Keys) and the Royal Stuart Society. Mr. Coulombe is also a founding board member of the Los Angeles-based Queen of Angels Foundation, a Roman Catholic devotional society. As a child, he lived with his parents in a house owned by the TV psychic known as The Amazing Criswell, through whom he met the now-famous film-maker, Edward D. Wood, Jr. In February 2011, Coulombe will travel Oxford University to debate at the Oxford Union in defence of Monarchy.
Coulombe's latest book is "The Pope's Legion". This is a detailed history of the Papal Zouaves, the international volunteer force who fought in defence of the papal states under Pope Pius IX.
Bibliography.
"Incomplete - to be updated"

</doc>
<doc id="20902045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902045" title="The Journey church">
The Journey church

The Journey church is an interdenominational Christian church located in St. Louis, Missouri. The church is theologically conservative and culturally liberal. Services are offered at multiple locations in St. Louis, including Clayton, Tower Grove, West County, South County, Metro East and Southern Illinois. The congregation has seen relatively rapid growth from a handful of attendees in 2002 to over 3,000 attending services at the multiple locations in 2013. It is a member of the Acts 29 network of churches and serves as a church planting institution.
History.
The Journey church was founded in 2002 by Lead Pastor Darrin Patrick. Initial services were held in private residences and then community centers. As attendance increased, the church formed a relationship with Hanley Road Baptist Church of Clayton and began operating out of its offices and having services within their sanctuary. In 2012, the two churches merged.
In 2006 the church bought the former Catholic church Holy Innocence on South Kingshighway in South St. Louis across from Tower Grove Park. This became their central campus. During this same time period, the church also began holding services in West St. Louis County at Missouri Baptist University. The Journey currently holds services at six locations in the St. Louis and Southern Illinois areas.
As the congregation continues to grow, other pastors and elders are brought up from within the church. The full list of pastors, elders, and staff can be found on the church's website.
Church planting.
The Journey is a part of the Acts 29 Network of church planters. Lead Pastor Darrin Patrick serves as vice president for that network. The Journey has facilitated the establishment of several churches in the St. Louis area including The Refuge Church in St. Charles, Mo., the Church at Bevo in St. Louis and Trailhead Church in Edwardsville, Ill. The Journey has also started, supported or resourced churches outside the St. Louis area, including Christ City Church in Memphis, Tenn., Redeemer Fellowship in Kansas City, Mercyview in Tulsa, Okla., and CrossPointe in Winter Park, Fla.
Theology at the Bottleworks.
'Theology at the Bottleworks' is a monthly facilitated discussion group that is organized by members of The Journey through a group called Midrash. The group's function is to discuss the intersection between culture and theology outside a formal church setting. 
The controversial practice of meeting at The Schlafly Bottleworks and Tap Room locations made news through an article published by the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" titled "Beer and the Bible". The discussion groups have also gained national and world attention through articles in "The New York Times" and BBC.

</doc>
<doc id="20902046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902046" title="Autopsie Vol. 2">
Autopsie Vol. 2

Autopsie Vol. 2 is a mixtape by Booba, released in 2007. It contains collorations with Cut Killer, Mala, Planète Rap, Cassie, Kennedy, Riddla, Dje, Rick Ross, Momma, 113 and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20902052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902052" title="Sungai Choh">
Sungai Choh

Sungai Choh is a small town in Selangor, Malaysia. It is located between Serendah (3 km) and Rawang (1.5 km).
Education.
There is one secondary school and 3 primary schools:

</doc>
<doc id="20902075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902075" title="Cyrniau Nod">
Cyrniau Nod

Cyrniau Nod is a mountain summit in north east Wales. It is the smaller of the two Marilyns that form the Berwyn range, the other being Cadair Berwyn. Its summit has the Snowdonia National Park boundary running through it. A number of rivers and streams rise from near the mountain including Afon Tanat, Afon Cedig and Nant Ystrad-y-Groes.
The views from the summit are extensive, if unremarkable due to the featureless, flat moorland surroundings. The summit is marked by a small cairn surrounded by peat bog. 
Walking on Cyrniau Nod and its tops is made easier by a track that passes close to every top except Cefn Gwyntog. Otherwise, the walking would be tough indeed, requiring tiresome bog crossing for miles.

</doc>
<doc id="20902079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902079" title="Monika Pedersen">
Monika Pedersen

Monika Pedersen (born 21 December 1978) is a Danish singer of the bands Sinphonia and "The World State" and former vocalist of the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia, replacing Henriette Bordvik. She also contributed guest vocals to Mercenary, Effektor, Evil Masquerade, Manticora and Ad Noctum.
External links.
!--125-->

</doc>
<doc id="20902085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902085" title="Doom of Daggerdale">
Doom of Daggerdale

Doom of Daggerdale is an adventure module for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 9391, was published in 1993, and was written by Wolfgang Baur, with cover art by Jeff Easley and interior art by Tony DiTerlizzi and Eric Hotz.
The 32-page booklet is wrapped in a removable cover. Chapter 1: "Introduction to Daggerdale", on pages 2–6, introduces Daggerdale, one of the Dalelands, including law and order and trade in the countryside. It also describes Dagger Falls, the largest town in Daggerdale, and some of its most important sites and settlements. Chapter 2: "A Fever in Dagger Falls", on pages 7–14, begins with the characters travelling through Daggerdale to Dagger Falls. A group of riders led by the ruler of Daggerdale, Randal Morn, informs the characters that a strange fever called the Dream Fever is leaving the locals unable to wake up. The module reveals secretly to the Dungeon Master the real story behind the troubles. Eragyn the Dark, a priestess of the god Cyric, resurrected Randal Morn's great-grandfather, Colderan the Mage-Lord. Colderan began using a magic item called a "net of dreams", which is what has been causing the Dream Fever by capturing a sleeper's life energy, and he also used it to trap Eragyn in his crypt. Chapter 3: "The Eagle's Eyrie", on pages 15–19, details the Eagle's Eryie, a former dwarven outpost. The characters explore this abandoned outpost and its caverns on the way to the Mage-Lord's crypt. Chapter 4: "The Mage-Crypt", on pages 20–30, leads the characters to explore the crypt, which is in the middle of town. The characters explore the crypt and eventually confront Colderan, recovering his sleeping victims (including Eragyn) if they are successful in defeating the Mage-Lord. Page 31 contains a description of a monster that serves the Mage-Lord, the nightshade, and page 32 contains four player handouts to be used during the adventure.
The inside front cover contains a list of the module's subplots in Daggerdale, while the inside back cover contains a map of the Mage-Lord's crypt.
Additional reading.
Review: "White Wolf" #41 (1994)

</doc>
<doc id="20902088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902088" title="1st New Guinea Infantry Battalion">
1st New Guinea Infantry Battalion

The 1st New Guinea Infantry Battalion (1NGIB) was a battalion of the Australian Army formed in March 1944 in the territory of New Guinea, during World War II, in order to fight against the Japanese. Its soldiers were primarily natives of New Guinea, under the command of Australian officers and NCOs. Although formed late in the war the battalion would ultimately serve in a number of the allied campaigns in New Guinea, including during the offensives on New Britain and Bougainville. 1NGIB had an establishment of about 77 Europeans and 550 native soldiers.
The Papuan Infantry Battalion (PIB) along with the 1st and 2nd New Guinea Infantry Battalion were amalgamated to form the Pacific Islands Regiment in November 1944. The 3rd and 4th New Guinea Infantry Battalion joined the regiment in 1945, although 4NGIB was soon disbanded, whilst the 5th New Guinea Infantry Battalion—although authorised—was never raised. The battalion disbanded on June 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20902090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902090" title="Josh Ramsay">
Josh Ramsay

Josh Ramsay is a Canadian singer, songwriter, producer, recording engineer, actor, and the lead vocalist of the multi platinum selling band Marianas Trench. 
Marianas Trench.
Ramsay formed the band Marianas Trench and released their first self-titled EP, which contained songs that would appear on their limited edition video single, the Say Anything EP, their second EP Marianas Trench, and debut album Fix Me. The band later signed with 604 Records, through the assistance of owner Chad Kroeger and co-owner Jonathan Simkin.
He is also a successful producer and a songwriter for a wide array of artists including Carly Rae Jepsen, Faber Drive, and Emily Osment. Ramsay works primarily out of "The Umbrella Factory," a studio he himself owns in Vancouver, BC. Josh plays 9 instruments, and often plays all of the instruments on the songs he produces for other artists.
Some of his most successful works of late include "Call Me Maybe," by Carly Rae Jepsen, which was nominated for song of the year at the 2013 Grammy Awards, "Hit Me Up" by Danny Fernandes, "Fallout," and "Haven't Had Enough" the latter two by Ramsay's own Marianas Trench.
"Ever After," the third studio album from Ramsay's band "Marianas Trench," went gold in its first week.
He provided vocals for the opening theme song for The Hub's "".
On December 2012 it was announced that Ramsay was nominated for a 2013 Grammy Award for Song of the Year for co-writing Call Me Maybe with Carly Rae Jepsen and Tavish Crowe. Josh Ramsay also is featured in another Carly Rae Jepsen song; Sour Candy.
On April 22, 2013 at the annual Juno Awards, Marianas Trench won the 2013 Juno Award for Group of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20902097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902097" title="Gottfried Christian Voigt">
Gottfried Christian Voigt

Gottfried Christian Voigt (1740–1791) was an 18th-century German scholar, author of a 1791 "History of Quedlinburg Abbey" ("Geschichte des Stifts Quedlinburg")
He is known as the source of the estimate of "nine million victims" in the European witch-hunts which became an influential popular myth in 20th century feminism and neopaganism.
The history of this estimate was researched by Behringer (1998)[http://www.historicum.net/themen/hexenforschung/thementexte/rezeption/art/Neun_Millionen/html/ca/0e43e9dea3/]. Voigt published it in a 1784 article, writing in the context of the Age of Enlightenment, wishing to emphasize the importance of education in rooting out superstition and a relapse into the witch-craze which had subsided less than a lifetime ago in his day. He was criticizing Voltaire's estimate of "several hundred thousand" as too low.

</doc>
<doc id="20902104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902104" title="17th parallel south">
17th parallel south

The 17th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 17 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 17° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20902109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902109" title="2nd New Guinea Infantry Battalion">
2nd New Guinea Infantry Battalion

The 2nd New Guinea Infantry Battalion (2NGIB) was a battalion of the Australian Army formed on 26 September 1944 in the territory of New Guinea, during World War II, in order to fight against the Japanese. Its soldiers were primarily natives of New Guinea, under the command of Australian officers and NCOs. Formed late in the war the battalion ultimately played a minor role during the allied campaigns in New Guinea, but did see service during the Aitape–Wewak campaign. 2NGIB had an establishment of about 77 Europeans and 550 native soldiers.
The Papuan Infantry Battalion (PIB) along with the 1st and 2nd New Guinea Infantry Battalion were amalgamated to form the Pacific Islands Regiment in November 1944. The 3rd and 4th New Guinea Infantry Battalion joined the regiment in 1945, although 4NGIB was soon disbanded, whilst the 5th New Guinea Infantry Battalion—although authorised—was never raised. The battalion was disbanded in June 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20902112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902112" title="Cressida cressida">
Cressida cressida

The Clearwing Swallowtail or Big Greasy ("Cressida cressida") is a medium-sized swallowtail butterfly (family Papilionidae) found in Australia, Papua New Guinea, and Indonesia. It is not a threatened species.
Description.
The adults are dissimilar in appearance. Males have translucent forewings with two black spots and a fine black border thickest at the apex of the wing. The hindwing has a thick black border surrounding a central white area with black veining. The black border encloses a series of red spots, whose size and number can vary. Females have wings that are a semi-translucent tawny colour, similar to aged greaseproof paper. This colouration is most intense immediately after the butterfly emerges, but soon fades and renders the wing almost totally transparent. Patterning of the female wing is similar to that of the male, but greatly reduced and diffused, with white areas on the hindwing extremely reduced and all red markings replaced by pale pink. Both sexes have a black body heavily marked with red scales.
Ecology.
The larvae feed on "Aristolochia" species, including "A. tagala" in the tropics. More usually, it utilises smaller growing species such as "A. thozetii" and "A. meridionalis" ssp. "centralis" (formerly listed as "A. pubera", "A". sp. D'Aguilar Range and "A". sp. Mt. Coot-tha) in southern Queensland. "Cressida cressida" occurs predominantly in drier forest throughout its range; in Australia, it is often encountered in dry "Eucalyptus" forest where its hosts grow as small scrambling vines in open areas. It is most common in forests bordering the Great Dividing Range.
Mating.
The spermatophore of "Cressida cressida" is modified into an external mating plug known as a sphragis (plural sphragides). The sphragis acts to increase the chance of individual males successfully producing offspring by preventing other males from inseminating already mated females. There is evidence that females have attempted to counter this strategy by evolving remarkably broad genitalia that makes it more difficult for sphragides to remain in place. The evolutionary incentive to counter the sphragis is likely the nutritional benefit females obtain from the spermataphore, hence multiple matings provide female butterflies with additional resources. Orr provides an excellent summary of the evolutionary dynamic between males and females of "C. cressida".

</doc>
<doc id="20902113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902113" title="Harry Brown (footballer, born 1883)">
Harry Brown (footballer, born 1883)

Henry "Harry" Brown (11 November 1883 – 9 February 1934) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward for various clubs in the early part of the twentieth century, including West Bromwich Albion, Newcastle United, Fulham and Southampton (two spells). At Newcastle, he was a member of the team that won the Football League championship in 1906–07.
Football career.
Northampton Town and West Bromwich Albion.
Brown was born in Northampton and started his professional career in 1902 with Northampton Town in the Southern League before moving up to the Football League, joining West Bromwich Albion in November 1903. He scored three goals in 21 league appearances but was unable to prevent Albion from being relegated from the First Division at the end of the 1903–04 season. 
He spent one more season with Albion in the Second Division before moving back to the Southern League when he joined Southampton in April 1905.
Southampton (1905–1906).
Brown made his "Saints" debut on 23 September 1905, when he replaced George Harris at inside-left in a 2–1 victory at Northampton. For the rest of the season, the No. 10 shirt would alternate between Brown and Harris. 
Described as ""a clever ball player"", Brown had a ""deceptive style which often disconcerted his opponents"" thus giving his team-mates goal-scoring opportunities. He was also a goal-scorer in his own right and in his first season at The Dell he scored ten league and four FA Cup goals from a total of 23 appearances, thus making him the club's top goal-scorer (with Fred Harrison) for the 1905–06 season. Included in his goal tally were a hat-trick in a 9–1 victory over his home-town club, Northampton Town, on 27 January 1906 and two against local rivals, Portsmouth, in a 5–1 victory in the FA Cup on 13 January.
Newcastle United.
His goal-scoring talents were noticed by Newcastle United and in May 1906 he accepted the ""tempting terms"" offered to him and moved to St James' Park for a fee of £380, together with his Southampton team-mate Jimmy Soye. He made an immediate impact on Tyneside, scoring a hat-trick on his debut in a 4–2 victory at Birmingham City on 8 September 1906. His spell at Newcastle was brief but highly successful, as they claimed the Football League championship at the end of the 1906–07 season by three points over Bristol City. Brown also scored twice on 9 March 1907 in the Charity Shield final in a 5–2 victory over top amateur club Corinthian.
Although Brown made two appearances at the start of the following season, he lost his place at inside left to Finlay Speedie and in October 1907 he moved to Bradford Park Avenue.
Bradford Park Avenue and Fulham.
Bradford had previously been a rugby union team and had only started playing football in 1907 and, despite their geographical situation, were playing their inaugural season in the Southern League.
After six months with Bradford, Brown returned to the Football League when he joined Fulham in March 1908. He remained with Fulham for two full seasons in the Second Division (finishing in the upper part of the table) before returning to Southampton in September 1910.
Southampton (1910–1913).
Brown decided to retire to Southampton and had bought the Kingsland Tavern in St Mary's Street from another ex-Saint, Tom Nicol. The "Saints" had made a poor start to the 1910–11 Southern League season having won only once in their first six games, and Brown was persuaded to re-join the club in October, replacing Bill Buckenham who returned to the Army. With Brown playing alongside Frank Jefferis and new signings Sid Kimpton and Martin Dunne, the team started to turn the season round and in the six weeks from the start of November 1910 they won six out of seven games with Brown scoring six goals, including a hat-trick in a 5–0 victory over Plymouth Argyle. From January onwards, however, the season took a turn for the worse and the team only managed two more victories narrowly avoiding relegation at the end of the season, with Brown only scoring twice more. Nonetheless, Brown's tally of nine league and cup goals made him the club's top goal-scorer for the season, jointly with Dunne.
By now, Brown had begun to slow but his ""clever touches ... served the club well"" for two further seasons, in both of which the Saints continued to struggle at the lower end of the table finishing a few places above the relegation zone. In 1911–12, Brown shared the inside-left duties with Archie Small, scoring seven goals from 29 league appearances, but in 1912–13 he only made six appearances and his final match came on 23 November 1912 (a 2–0 home victory over Plymouth Argyle), a week after the team had suffered their worst-ever defeat in a competitive match, losing 8–0 at Crystal Palace.
In his two spells for Southampton, Brown made a total of 81 appearances in all competitions, scoring 31 goals.
After football.
In the summer of 1913, Brown retired although he did turn out for local club Woolston until the outbreak of World War I. During the war, he worked in motor transport and afterwards he took over a greengrocery shop in Padwell Road, about half a mile from The Dell.
In 1933, he contracted a virus which attacked his optic nerve causing him to lose his sight. The disease spread rapidly, and he died in February 1934 aged only 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20902116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902116" title="AER (motorcycles)">
AER (motorcycles)

AER was a British motorcycle manufacturer. The name was from the initials of the founder, Albert E. Reynolds. Based in Liverpool and his company, AE Reynolds Ltd., ceased motorcycle production on the outbreak of the Second World War.
History.
Founded in 1937 by Albert E. Reynolds, a Scott Motorycles dealer who began producing high quality motorcycles to his own design. Reynolds had been influential in the development of a number of "de-luxe" Scott specials built between 1931 and 1934. He was disappointed that the Scott triple failed to be developed and that Scotts were not interestedin his idea for a series of 125 cc engined motorcycles he set up as an independent producer. The first AER motorcycle was a Scott engined twin-cylinder unit-construction motorcycle called the "Reynolds Special". It was a 340 cc twin-cylinder air-cooled two-stroke with an alloy engine and pressed-in cylinder liners. The head and block were each in one piece and the crankcase was made from four castings with air passages to cool between the cylinders. The production model was launched in 1938 and featured ignition by a flywheel magneto and a dynamo in front of the crankcase.
In 1939 Reynolds developed motorcycles with 249 cc and 350 cc Villiers engines. Motor Cycling magazine tested the 250 cc AER for the 30 November 1939 issue and reported that "Its charm lay in its excellent steering and road holding which gave a supreme feeling of confidence on greasy roads and invited fast cornering." A 250 cc AER can be seen at the Museum of Liverpool. Production was ended by the outbreak of the Second World War. After the war Reynolds reverted to motorcycle sales and servicing.

</doc>
<doc id="20902122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902122" title="Daniel Kane (linguist)">
Daniel Kane (linguist)

Daniel Kane is an Australian linguist, one of the world's foremost authorities on the extinct Jurchen and Khitan languages and their scripts.
Biography.
Daniel Kane (Kāng Dān:康丹) was born in 1948 in Melbourne. Bereaved of his father when young, circumstances constrained him to cut his education short and enter the work force at 15. He left school and joined a bank, working as a teller. There he discovered that he had a talent for languages. Melbourne was a magnet for immigrants from over the world and he found that when they came into the bank, with little effort he could communicate with them. He undertook further education in his spare time and matriculated to Melbourne University with high honours in several languages.
He took a First Class Honours degree there in 1971, majoring in Chinese and was granted a PhD scholarship to the ANU. His PhD was conferred in 1975 with a thesis on the Jurchen language a Tungusic language related to Manchu spoken during the Jin Dynasty in North China. He is also MA (Asian Studies) from he Australian National University (1976).
Parallel to his academic career, Dr. Kane has also had a career in diplomacy. He joined the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs in 1976 and was posted to Beijing during the early part of the reform period and particularly the period of the Democracy Wall. He was also Cultural Counsellor at the Australian Embassy in Beijing during the 90s.
Academically he was lecturer in Chinese at the University of Melbourne in 1981 and visiting scholar at the Department of Chinese at Peking University in 1988 and 1993. Since 1997 he has been Professor of Chinese at Macquarie University in Sydney.
He was widowed in 2010 when his wife, the Shanghai scholar of Qing history and Chinese modernization, Yè Xiǎoqīng (葉曉青), died of cancer, after risking her initial recovery from an early diagnosis of cancer to bear their son Ian (易安 (Yìān).

</doc>
<doc id="20902132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902132" title="3rd New Guinea Infantry Battalion">
3rd New Guinea Infantry Battalion

The 3rd New Guinea Infantry Battalion (3NGIB) was a battalion of the Australian Army formed in June 1945 in the territory of New Guinea, during World War II, in order to fight against the Japanese. Its soldiers were primarily natives of New Guinea, under the command of Australian officers and NCOs. Formed late in the war the battalion took no part in the allied campaigns in New Guinea, although a few of its members saw service with 2NGIB during the Aitape-Wewak campaign, suffering a number of casualties. 3NGIB had an establishment of about 77 Europeans and 550 native soldiers.
The Papuan Infantry Battalion (PIB) along with the 1st and 2nd New Guinea Infantry Battalion were amalgamated to form the Pacific Islands Regiment in November 1944. The 3rd and 4th New Guinea Infantry Battalion joined the regiment in 1945, although 4NGIB was soon disbanded, whilst the 5th New Guinea Infantry Battalion—although authorised—was never raised. The battalion was disbanded in November 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20902133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902133" title="Glenora, British Columbia">
Glenora, British Columbia

Glenora, also known historically as the Hudson's Bay Company's Fort Glenora and during the Cassiar Gold Rush as Glenora Landing, was an unincorporated settlement in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia, Canada. It was located on the banks of the Stikine River, just southwest and approximately 13 miles downstream from the community of Telegraph Creek. 
Name origin.
Helen B. Akrigg and G.P.V. Akrigg in their "British Columbia Place Names" ascribe the origin of the name to a combination of the Gaelic "glenn" for "valley" with the Spanish "ora" for gold. 

</doc>
<doc id="20902144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902144" title="Porcellionides pruinosus">
Porcellionides pruinosus

Porcellionides pruinosus is a cosmopolitan woodlouse that is native to Europe, and is suspected to consist of very closely related species. Ten subspecies are recognised. The species carries "Wolbachia" endosymbionts, which is an alpha-proteobacterium that is known to modify the reproduction of their crustacean hosts by inducing cytoplasmic incompatibility or feminisation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20902145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902145" title="Director, Operational Test and Evaluation">
Director, Operational Test and Evaluation

The Director, Operational Test and Evaluation(DOT&E) is the principal staff assistant and adviser to the Secretary of Defense (SecDef) on operational and live fire test and evaluation (OT&E) activities involving U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) weapons systems.
Responsibilities.
The DOT&E is a direct report to the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of Defense, with the following responsibilities:
History.
The DOT&E was established September 24, 1983 by the DoD Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 1984 (P.L. 98-94), and by Defense Directive 5141.2 of April 2, 1984.
Organization.
The Operational Test & Evaluation Directorate (DOT&E) of the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) s organized as follows:
DOT&E also maintains liaison with the United States Joint Forces Command.

</doc>
<doc id="20902151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902151" title="Dhenuva Konda">
Dhenuva Konda

Dhenuva Konda is a village in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Dhenuva Konda (literally "Cow Hill") is located near to the bank of Gundlakamma river. Dhenuva Konda is surrounded by hills on three sides and wet fields on the north side. In the village there is fertile lands in north, east and part of west sides and dry lands are on south side.
Postal Address:
Weather.
Temperatures range from a low of about 28 degrees Celsius to a high 44 degrees. Keeping a constant of 32 degrees Celsius. The mean daily maximum is 30 degrees Celsius in January rising to 45 degrees Celsius in July.
Language.
The official language is Telugu and commonly used in business and commerce. Few Urdu speaking people also been there and most of them are Muslims.
How to reach.
Dhenuva Konda is located 31 km south (by road) from Ongole. The route is: 17 km south from Ongole to Vellampalli (towards Guntur on NH5) and 9 km south-west from there (towards Tallur). There are frequent APSRTC buses at an average interval of 2 hour and it takes approximate 1 hour to reach the village. Alternatively, one can take a bus/share autos from Ongole to Vellampalli and Vellampalli to Dhenuva Konda.
Ongole is well connected with major cities/towns in India by Bus/Rail. It's located on the NH5/Rail route, approx 300 km north from Chennai and 150 km south from Vijayawada.
Education.
The village has two government schools and the detailed school information can be found in the references.

</doc>
<doc id="20902152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902152" title="Américo Ghioldi">
Américo Ghioldi

Américo Ghioldi (May 23, 1899 – December 21, 1985) was an Argentine educator, publisher and prominent Socialist politician.
Life and times.
Ghioldi was born and raised in Buenos Aires. He went to become a Professor of Exact Sciences at the National Teachers' School in Buenos Aires and around 1930, founded "La Vanguardia", soon among the leading Socialist dailies in Argentina. Encouraged by his brother, local Communist Party head Rodolfo Ghioldi, he ran as a Socialist for a seat in the Buenos Aires City Council, and was elected in 1948. Becoming one of the few prominent left-wing lawmakers during the era of populist leader Juan Perón, Ghioldi was harassed by the Peronist regime and "La Vanguardia" was shuttered.
Following Perón's violent 1955 overthrow, Gholdi was invited to take part in the influential Civilian Advisory Board called by junta leader General Eduardo Lonardi. He was elected to the Constituent Assembly of August 1957, entrusted to determine which among Perón's many constitutional changes should stand. The Socialist Party's 1958 convention, however, could arrive on no agreement as to their degree of opposititon to Peronism (which, despite its ban, remained a powerful political force, skillfully managed by their leader in exile). Ghioldi broke from the party leadership, establishing a Democratic Socialist Party more opposed to Peronists than the Socialist Party would be. Faring modestly in 1963 elections, in which they split the socialist vote of 6% about evenly with the Socialist Party, Ghioldi devoted more time to academia, teaching at the University of Buenos Aires and University of La Plata and honored with a numerary membership in the prestigious Argentine Educational Academy.
Ghioldi was again nominated on the Democratic Socialist ticket for elections held on March 11, 1973. His party fared poorly, however, garnering about 1% of the vote and badly outdistanced by the Socialists. Following President Juan Perón's July 1974 passing, Ghioldi advised his widow and successor, Isabel Martínez de Perón on the imminent wave of violence between Trotskyite and fascist extremists, warnings Mrs. Perón ignored. 
Ghioldi was increasingly respected by Argentine conservatives, in his later years. A lifelong Socialist, he contributed regularly to "La Nación", Argentina's most prominent conservative daily. The regime that deposed Isabel Perón, despite their violently right-wing ideology, named Ghioldi Abassador to Portugal in 1976.
He died in Buenos Aires in 1985 at age 85. His body lay in state at the Buenos Aires City Council's grand hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20902179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902179" title="Shags Horan">
Shags Horan

Joseph Patrick "Shags" Horan (September 6, 1895 – February 13, 1969) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. Horan played for the New York Yankees in 1924, and he also spent 11 seasons in the minor leagues, winning two batting titles. He was 5 feet, 10 inches tall and weighed 170 pounds.
Career.
Horan was born in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1895. He started his professional baseball career in 1914 in the Kentucky-Illinois-Tennessee League. That season, he played 124 games and had a batting average of .272. From 1915 to 1921, Horan had stints in several minor leagues but did not play more than 87 games during any of those years.
Horan then joined the Western League's Des Moines Boosters in 1922, batted over .300 for the first time, and hit 16 home runs. The following season, he batted .411 with 23 homers to set career-highs in both categories. He also led the Western League in batting average and hits (256).
In 1924, Horan started off with the Reading Keystones of the class AA International League. He batted .376 to lead the league before his contract was sold to the New York Yankees in mid-season. Horan appeared in 22 games for the Yankees in July, August, and September of that year. He hit .290 with seven runs batted in and no home runs. New York waived him after the season ended, and about his time in the majors, Horan later said:"I don't care for those concrete fences. The ball hits them and you don't hear anything. In the minors you rattle 'em off those wooden fences and you stir up quite a racket."
Horan played in the Western League and Pacific Coast League for the next two seasons before his professional baseball career ended. He then settled in Los Angeles and worked as a guard for the L.A. Department of Water and Power. Horan died in Torrance, California, in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20902180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902180" title="4th New Guinea Infantry Battalion">
4th New Guinea Infantry Battalion

The 4th New Guinea Infantry Battalion (4NGIB) was a battalion of the Australian Army formed in August 1945 in the territory of New Guinea, during World War II, in order to fight against the Japanese. Its soldiers were primarily natives of New Guinea, under the command of Australian officers and NCOs. The battalion was disbanded soon after its establishment, and subsequently it never saw active service.
The Papuan Infantry Battalion (PIB) along with the 1st and 2nd New Guinea Infantry Battalion were amalgamated to form the Pacific Islands Regiment in November 1944. The 3rd and 4th New Guinea Infantry Battalion joined the regiment in 1945, although 4NGIB was soon disbanded, whilst the 5th New Guinea Infantry Battalion—although authorised—was never raised. The battalion was disbanded in October 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20902183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902183" title="Saint Ladislaus legend">
Saint Ladislaus legend

An episode from the Legend of Saint Ladislaus provided the subjects for numerous murals painted in medieval churches in Hungary during the 14th to 16th century. 
Historical background.
Ladislaus I of Hungary was a chivalrous king in Hungary in the 11th century. Before becoming the ruler, together with his brother Géza, and king Solomon of Hungary, he fought in Transylvania against armies of Pechenegs and Cumans invading from the steppes. In the story illustrated by the murals, at the Kerlés battlefield Ladislaus observed that a warrior tried to abduct a Hungarian girl. The royal saint pursued and overcame the warrior and liberated the girl.
Sequence of the images in the Saint Ladislaus legend mural.
The sequence of the events portrayed is generally similar all over the churches in medieval Hungary.
The Saint Ladislaus legend in the medieval churches of Hungary.
Archaeologist Gyula László collected the documents of fifty churches all around the Carpathian basin, where mural had been painted in medieval churches in Hungary. Some of them had been demolished (for example the churches at Homoródszentmárton and Homoródokland), but some of them had been copied in 19th century sketches by József Huszka. These are preserved in the National Heritage Protection Office in Hungary.
Most of the murals were painted during the reigns of Charles I of Hungary, Louis I of Hungary, and Sigismund, Holy Roman Emperor. During their period of rule Saint Ladislaus became the ideal of the ruler kings therefore these kings chose their burying-place at the cathedral of Nagyvárad.
Eurasian connections.
Several scenes of the Saint Ladislaus legend occur in archaeological finds from all over Eurasia. The best known is the Hun-Scythian belt buckle in the Hermitage, Saint Petersburg, Russia. There the resting scene can be seen. The most frequently occurring scene is the wrestling without arms. It also occurs, that the horses of the two warriors also fight against each other. Several belt buckles are with this scene from Ordos, China. The wrestling scene also occurs in the silver plate of Vjatka, Siberia.
Mythological interpretation.
Before Gyula László, Géza Nagy suggested that an ancient Eurasian myth is behind the Christianized mural painting. The old myth is expressed by the fight between the two heroes representing light and darkness. In the literature the ballad of Anna Molnár also is related to the Saint Ladislaus legend.

</doc>
<doc id="20902194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902194" title="Vitaly Bianki">
Vitaly Bianki

Vitaly Valentinovich Bianki () (11 February 1894, St. Petersburg — 10 June 1959, Leningrad) — was a popular children’s writer and a prolific author of books on nature.
Early life.
Bianchi's father was Valentin Lvovich Bianchi (1857-1920), an entomologist and curator at the Zoological Museum of the Russian Academy of Sciences. His three sons were at home in its halls. On a summer vacation Vitaly Bianchi went on his first forestry trip, and became a passionate outdoorsman. He graduated from the Natural Science Department of the Physical and Mathematical Faculty of Petrograd University in 1916 with a specialization in ornithology, as well as studies in art at the St. Petersburg Art Institute to assist with the drawing of plants and animals.
Bianchi served in the army in 1916 and joined the Socialist-Revolutionary Party in 1917. In 1917 moved to Biysk, where he was forced into the army of the Kolchak royalists. He deserted and lived under a false name "Vitaly Belyanin" until the eventual expulsion of the Kolchak regime. His double name Bianki-Belyanin remained on his passport until the end of his life. He worked for the Commission for the Protection of Monuments of Tsarskoye Selo, and was sent in spring 1918 to Siberia and the Volga, where he worked in the summer of 1918 in Samara for the newspaper "People" ("Народ"). 
After the Soviets came to power, Bianki worked in Biysk in the Department of Education at a regional museum where he served as director. He also worked as a school teacher for Comintern III. He was arrested twice in 1921, and in fear of further arrest, he moved his family in 1922 to Petrograd.
Career.
Bianchi participated in scientific expeditions on the Volga, Altai Krai, Urals and Kazakhstan and brought back copious scientific notes, about which he wrote: "They were lying like a dead weight on my soul. They - as at the Zoological Museum - has been meeting the many dead animals in the dry record of facts, it was a forest, animals stagnation of immobility, no birds flew and did not sing. Then again, as in childhood, painfully wanted to find a word that would revive them magically compelled to come to life."
In 1923, Bianchi began to publish a natural calendar in the Leningrad magazine "Sparrow" (later "New Robinson"). This publication became a prototype of his later "Forest newspapers every year" (1927). In those years he became associated with a literary club, where writers of children's literature gathered. This included the writers Chukovsky, Zhitkov and Marshak. Soon afterward his story "The Red Sparrow Traveling" was published in the magazine "Sparrow". Bianki’s first published book for children was titled "Whose nose is better?" (1923). His voluminous "Forest Newspaper for Every Year" (1st edition, 1928) is a peculiar encyclopedia of forest life and forest inhabitants. 
At the end of 1925, Bianki was arrested again on suspicion of subversive activity and sentenced to three years of exile in Uralsk. In the spring of 1928, he was released to return to Leningrad. In November 1932 was arrested again, but was released after three and a half weeks for lack of evidence. In March 1935 he was arrested as an "active member of the armed uprising against Soviet rule" and taken to the Aktobe region, but was released after intercession by Maxim Gorky's ex-wife, Yekaterina Peshkova. In 1941 he returned to Leningrad. Because of poor health he was not drafted to serve in the army for World War II, but was evacuated to the Urals. After the war he returned again to Leningrad.
Vitali Bianki died in Leningrad and was buried in the Bogoslovskoe cemetery. The body of his work consists of over three hundred short stories, fairy tales, stories, and articles, which make up 120 books. One of his students and followers was Nikolai Sladkov, a author of books about nature.

</doc>
<doc id="20902199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902199" title="Power and the Glory (song)">
Power and the Glory (song)

"Power and the Glory" is a single by heavy metal band Saxon from their 1983 album of the same name. It reached number 32 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song is an early power metal song with a fast tempo and lyrics relating to war and battles. A music video was made for the song with band members running through a castle with dead dolls.

</doc>
<doc id="20902209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902209" title="2004 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women">
2004 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women

ABC Under-18 Championship for Women 2004 is the 17th edition of ABC's basketball championship for females under 18 years old. The games were held at Shenzhen, China.
The championship is divided into two levels: Level I and Level II. The last finishers of Level I are relegated to Level II and the top finisher of Level II qualify for Level I 2007's championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20902211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902211" title="Parc botanique du Château d'Ouge">
Parc botanique du Château d'Ouge

The Parc botanique du Château d'Ouge (8 hectares) is a private park with botanical garden and arboretum located at 1-3 rue du Colombier, Ouge, Haute-Saône, Franche-Comté, France. It is open Saturdays in June upon prior request; an admission fee is charged.
Construction of the Château d'Ouge began in the early 16th century by the Faulquier family, and was completed in 1590 by Guillaume Lullier. Its park opens onto countryside, pastures, and forest typical of the region. 
Today's botanical park was started in 1980 by Bernard and Jean-Louis Bajolet, who have subsequently planted over 250 trees (representing 78 species) and over 1600 bushes and shrubs (90 species), while preserving the park's existing mature specimens of ash, walnut, cherry, etc. A renaissance garden was introduced in 1997. The park also contains an orchard and vegetable garden.

</doc>
<doc id="20902221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902221" title="Skeheenarinky">
Skeheenarinky

Skeheenarinky () is a townland in south-west County Tipperary, Ireland.
It is a dispersed settlement with a focal point at Skeheenarinky Cross
where a school, shop and pub are located.
Location.
Situated between the foothills of the Galtee Mountains and the low-lying farmland at the north end of Ballyporeen civil parish.
It lies on a stretch of the former main Cork-Dublin road that was superseded by the M8 Motorway in 2008. This road is now designated as the R639 regional road. 
Mitchelstown and Cahir are approximately 10 km. and 20 km. respectively.
School.
Skeheenarinky National School was built in 1858 and celebrated its 150th anniversary in November 2008, a book chronicling its history was produced to mark the occasion. It is perhaps the oldest still operating national school building in the country . The building itself is considered notable for its cut limestone construction. Nearby Galty Cottage (c.1858) was built as a home for the teacher.It is known as 'Morrisseys' in recognition of a Mrs. Morrissey who taught at the school and lived there for fifty years. 
The school's primary catchment area comprises the Coolagaranroe Electoral District, this recorded a population of 501 at the most recent 2006 census.
History.
The Mitchelstown Caves are suituated approximately 3 km. from Skeheenarinky Cross and were discovered in 1833 by a labourer quarrying on a small farm. Today the caves are a popular tourist attraction.
Skeheenarinky was once the location of an extravagant mansion called Galtee Castle, the original structure built for the 2nd Earl of Kingston dated from the late 18th Century, it was later remodelled and expanded but was completely demolished c.1941.
People.
Former Taoiseach, Garret FitzGerald and British model/singer Samantha Fox can trace ancestry to the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20902222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902222" title="2nd Weather Squadron">
2nd Weather Squadron

The 2nd Weather Squadron (2nd WS), based out of Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska, continuously supports Joint warfighters and DoD decision-makers, including the intelligence community and space operators with accurate, relevant, timely and specialized global terrestrial and space observations, analyses, forecasts and alerts.
Emblem.
The black of the shield symbolizes night, with the two stars indicative of the 2nd Weather Squadron. The blue of the shield represents day with a typical cloud formation symbolizing weather, the inference being the 2nd WS is on duty night and day, observing and forecasting the weather elements. The wings represent the Air Force to which the weather service is assigned.
History.
The Second Weather Squadron was constituted on 24 June 1937 and assigned to the Office of the Chief of the Air Corps on 1 July 1937 at Langley Field, Va. It was one of three original squadrons organized when the weather function transferred from the Signal Corps to the Air Corps. The squadron moved to Patterson Field, Ohio, in March 1941, and was assigned to the Directorate of Weather, Army Air Forces in March 1942. It was redesignated as the 2nd Weather Squadron, Regional, in June 1942 and assigned to the Flight Control Command in April 1943 and to the Weather Wing, Flight Control Command (later Army Air Forces Weather Wing) in May 1943. The squadron was once again redesignated as the 2d Weather Squadron in November 1943 and disbanded on 7 September 1944 at Patterson Field, Ohio, and replaced by the 69th Army Air Forces Base Unit (2d Weather Region).
The 2d Weather Squadron was reconstituted on 10 August 1951 at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas, and assigned to the 2101st Air Weather Group (MAJCOM) on 5 September 1951. It was assigned to the 1st Weather Group in April 1952 and moved to Westover Air Force Base, Mass., in June 1955 and inactivated there on 8 October 1956.
The squadron was activated once again in May 1967 to the Military Airlift Command until the Air Weather Service organized the 2d Weather Squadron in June 1967 at Offutt Air Force Base, Neb. It was assigned to the 3d Weather Wing in June 1967, replacing Detachment 1, 3d Weather Wing, and was inactivated in July 1969.
The 2d Weather Squadron was activated at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., and assigned to Air Force Global Weather Central on 1 July 1975. It was assigned directly to Air Weather Service in January 1981 and to the 4th Weather Wing in January 1984, until it was inactivated 30 September 1991.
The 2nd WS's Detachment 11 became the 45th Weather Squadron, at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida in November, 1991.
When the Air Force Weather Agency was restructured in 2007, the 2nd Weather Squadron was activated on 28 March and assigned to the 2nd Weather Group.
Awards.
Service Streamer, American Theater, World War II, 7 Dec 1941-2 Mar 1946
Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, 1 July 1980-30 June 1982

</doc>
<doc id="20902228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902228" title="Cherenkov Telescope Array">
Cherenkov Telescope Array

The Cherenkov Telescope Array or CTA is a project to build a new generation ground-based gamma-ray instrument in the energy range extending from some tens of GeV to above 100 TeV. It is proposed as an open observatory and will consist of two arrays of IACTs, a first array at the northern hemisphere with emphasis on the study of extragalactic objects at the lowest possible energies, and a second array at the southern hemisphere, which is to cover the full energy range and concentrate on galactic sources. The physics program of CTA goes beyond high energy astrophysics into Cosmology and Fundamental Physics.
CTA intends to improve the flux sensitivity of the current generation of IACTs such as MAGIC, HESS, and VERITAS by an order of magnitude. It will foreseeably consist of tens of IACTs of different mirror sizes. Production of the first telescope prototypes will start in 2013. CTA is designed and will be built by an international collaboration of scientists, with a strong involvement of European institutions. The project is on the road-map of the European Strategy Forum on Research Infrastructures (ESFRI), the European Astroparticle Physics network ASPERA and the European Astrophysics network ASTRONET.

</doc>
<doc id="20902233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902233" title="19th parallel north">
19th parallel north

The 19th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 19 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, North America, the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 13 hours, 17 minutes during the summer solstice and 10 hours, 59 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 19° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20902242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902242" title="List of Farm to Market Roads in West Texas">
List of Farm to Market Roads in West Texas

The following is a list of all farm and ranch to market roads in West Texas, excluding Far-West Texas or the Trans-Pecos, which is covered in the List of Farm to Market Roads in Trans-Pecos Texas section. Ranch roads, primarily located in the western half of Texas, are part of the farm to market road system and never share the same numerical designations as farm roads. All roads in the system are maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).
Since 1995, some farm and ranch to market roads in Ector, Midland, and Tom Green counties wholly or in part have been reassigned under a new classification called urban roads which are listed separately in the TxDOT highway designation files. These roads, however, still are signed with farm or ranch to market shields.

</doc>
<doc id="20902243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902243" title="AWX antenna">
AWX antenna

An AWX antenna is an antenna which means that it can be used for All Wave radio frequency and is shaped like X. 
It has two "V" shaped elements. Two types to place these two elements exist for this antenna. First, one element is placed left side spreading out for left and the other element is placed right side spreading out for right. This is balanced type. Second, one element is placed upper side spreading out for upward and the other element is placed lower side spreading out for downward. This is unbalanced type.
RF energy is fed at two vertices of each element.
It can be used in very wide frequency range whose gain is higher than a dipole antenna. To obtain enough gain, the antenna must be set at enough high place off the ground to avoid the effect of the ground.
The antenna is used by radio stations which need to communicate in wide frequency range such as amateur radios, military radios and maritime mobile services.

</doc>
<doc id="20902247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902247" title="6th Air Intelligence Squadron">
6th Air Intelligence Squadron

The 6th Air Intelligence is an inactive unit of the United States Air Force. Its last assignment was with Seventh Air Force, stationed at Osan Air Base, Korea. It was inactivated in 1993. The unit was originally established at Army Air Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado (later Peterson Air Force Base) as the 6th Photographic Group on 5 February 1943, under the command of Lt Waymond Davis. Later that year, the unit was redesignated the 6th Reconnaissance Group and deployed to the southwest Pacific as a component of the Fifth Air Force.
History.
During World War II, the group operated primarily in the Southwest Pacific Theater and used F-5's and F-7's to photograph Japanese airfields, harbors, beach defenses, and personnel areas in New Guinea, the Bismarcks, Borneo, and the southern Philippines. It reconnoitered target areas and enemy troop positions to provide intelligence for air force and army units. T\In 1944, the group was awarded the Distinguished Unit Citation and the Philippine Presidential Unit Citation for carrying out one of the most important and difficult assignments ever given to a photographic unit: to obtain 80,000 prints of Japanese defenses in the Philippines in eight days. The group's F-5s and F-7s risked enemy interception and braved severe tropical weather to complete their mission all without fighter escort. The action proved critical to the successful amphibious assault of the Philippines.
After moving to the Philippines in November 1944, flew missions to Formosa and China, engaged in mapping parts of Luzon and Mindanao], and provided intelligence for US ground forces concerning Japanese movements. The unit then moved to Okinawa until the war ended, and finally to mainland Japan, where it was inactivated on 27 April 1946.
On 1 October 1981, the unit was reactivated as the 6th Tactical Intelligence Group at Osan Air Base, Republic of Korea. It was tasked to provide substantive Intelligence support to U.S. and Combined Forces Combat (CFC). The 6 TIG thus brought together Intelligence collection, analysis, targeting, production, and dissemination assets assigned to the 314th Air Division of Fifth Air Force and the Korean Tactical Air Control System. In February 1992, the group became part of the 51st Fighter Wing. In 1992 The group became a squadron and was transferred to the 5th Air Control Group. Later that same year the 6th Air Intelligence Squadron fell under operational control of Seventh Air Force when it replaced the 314th Air Division as the United States Air Force headquarters for Korea. 
Lineage.
Stations.
Headquarters and Ground Echelon:

</doc>
<doc id="20902248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902248" title="Wally Hood (pitcher)">
Wally Hood (pitcher)

Wallace James Hood Jr. (September 24, 1925 – June 16, 2001) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Hood played for the New York Yankees in . In 2 career games, he had a 0–0 record, with a 0.00 ERA, going 2.3 innings. He batted and threw right-handed.
Hood was born in Los Angeles, California.
He was the son of Wally Hood Sr., who also played in the Majors.
Hood attended the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20902255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902255" title="H. Spencer Matthews">
H. Spencer Matthews

Rear Admiral H. Spencer Matthews, Jr. (May 5, 1921 – September 24, 2002) was the first Naval Aviation Pilot to be promoted to flag rank in the Navy. He graduated number one in his class of 500 aviation cadets. In operational training he received a commendation for being the first student to complete the celestial navigation course with a perfect grade. He served five combat tours in the Vietnam War including tours as the deputy commander of U.S. Navy Forces Vietnam and as the Vice Chief of the Vietnamese navy. He was the president of four small companies and served on the board of directors of two corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="20902261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902261" title="Bjørn Rønningen">
Bjørn Rønningen

Bjørn Rønningen (born 31 December 1937) is a Norwegian children's writer.
He was born in Bærum, and made his literary debut in 1971. He is best known for his series about "Fru Pigalopp", as well as "Jul i Skomakergata".

</doc>
<doc id="20902262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902262" title="Wilhelm Westphal">
Wilhelm Westphal

Wilhelm Heinrich Westphal (3 March 1882 in Hamburg – 5 June 1978 in Berlin) was a German physicist. From 1918, he was a professor at the University of Berlin. During the period 1922 to 1924, he was also an expert adviser to the Prussian Ministry of Science, Arts and Culture. From 1928, he was simultaneously a professor at the University of Berlin and the Technical University of Berlin. His position at the former ended when it fell in the Russian sector at the close of World War II, but he achieved emeritus status at the latter in 1955.
Education.
Westphal was educated at the Gelehrtenschule des Johanneums. From 1902 to 1908, he studied at the "Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn", the "Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München", the "Universität Stuttgart", and the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität (FWU), now the "Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin". He received his doctorate in 1908, at the University of Berlin, under Arthur Wehnelt with a thesis was on measurements of potential in Wehnelt cylinders.
Career.
After receipt of his doctorate, Westphal became an assistant to Heinrich Rubens at the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität (FWU), where he researched thermal radiation and electric discharges in gases. During his time there, Westphal completed his "Habilitation" (1913) and became a "Privatdozent".
His academic career was interrupted from 1914 to 1918 by military service in World War I. Westphal became a titular professor after returning to FWU in 1918, where he was appointmented "ausserordentlicher Professor" (extraordinarius professor). From 1922 to 1924, he was also an expert adviser to the "Preußisches Kultusministerium" (PrKM, Prussian Culture Ministry, officially the "Preußisches Ministerium für Wissenschaft, Kunst und Volksbildung").
From 1925 to 1926, he was a physics teacher at the "Landschulheim" in Salem. From 1928, he was head of the physics demonstrator, alternately called the student laboratory. In 1928, Westphal and Gustav Hertz together replaced Ferdinand Kurlbaum at the "Technische Hochschule Berlin" (THB), now the "Technische Universität Berlin"). Westphal, however, still retained his position at the FWU. From 1934, he was simultaneously an "ausserordentlicher Professor" at the THB and the FWU.
From 1935, at the THB, he was substitute head of the physics department, which Hertz had been forced to vacate due to his Jewish background. His position at the FWU came to an end in 1945 at the close of World War II because it was then in the Russian sector of the city. In 1955, Westphal achieved emeritus status as "ausserordentlicher Professor" of physics at the "Technische Universität Berlin".
In addition to being a successful researcher, Westphal was a prolific textbook author. He was also the editor of Volumes 12 through 17 of the "Handbuch der Physik", of the encyclopedia "Physikalisches Wörterbuch", and of the series "Die Wissenschaft".

</doc>
<doc id="20902272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902272" title="Emerentia von Düben">
Emerentia von Düben

Emerentia von Düben (24 May 1669, unknown, but probably Stockholm – 22 March 1743, Stockholm) also called Menza, was a Swedish lady-in-waiting, the favourite of Ulrika Eleonora, Queen of Sweden. She was known for her influence over Ulrika Eleonora.
Emerentia von Düben was the daughter of organist and composer Gustaf Düben and Emerentia Standaert, she was a great-granddaughter of the German-born Baroque composer Andreas Düben, and a sister of Gustaf von Düben the Younger, Joachim von Düben the Elder (father of Ulrika Eleonora von Düben, also a royal favourite), and Anders von Düben (the Younger). Probably born in Stockholm, Menza was initially employed as a chamber maid at the court of the queen, Ulrika Eleonora. In 1690, she was made responsible for Princess Ulrika Eleonora. In 1707 Menza was ennobled along with her brothers, in 1717 she officially became lady-in-waiting, and in 1719, she was given the title Baroness (). She had the same position with Ulrika Eleonora, that Juliana Schierberg had to the elder Princess, Hedvig Sophia of Sweden. 
Emerentia von Düben stood by Ulrika's side her entire life as her support and adviser and enjoyed great influence: "For better and for worse nurturing, serving, accompanying and comforting". Menza was described as a religious bigot and was envied, but she was never a subject of slander or scandals. She supported the right of Ulrika Eleonora to the throne before that of Hedvig Sophia of Sweden and her son and encouraged the competition between the two parties. The common belief at court was that the way to Ulrika Eleonora went through Menza, and she received large sums of money from foreign diplomats and supplicants to use her influence. The baroness is not considered to have abused her influence. She did, however, gather a great fortune. She negotiated the marriage between Ulrika Eleonora and Frederick of Hesse for the interest of 30.000 German thaler between 1710 and 1715. In 1714, the Russian agent Prince Chilkov was given the task by Peter the Great to issue peace negotiations with Ulrika Eleonora through Menza. During the reign of Ulrika Eleonora in 1718-1720, Menza and her brothers where regarded to exert an undue influence over the affairs of state. According to the Austrian ambassador, Menza had access to the bed chamber of Ulrika Eleonora before that of the queen's consort. In 1720, the Düben siblings supported the idea that Ulrika Eleonora should not abdicate but rather be the co-regent of her consort. Their influence was reportedly one reason as to why a co-regency was not accepted. According to Axel von Fersen the Elder, Ulrika Eleonora neither saw nor felt with any eyes other than Emerentia von Dübens.
In 1732, Emerentia von Düben convinced the queen not to display her displeasure over the affair between king Frederick and Hedvig Taube in public. Ulrika Eleonora was very displeased over the adultery of her consort, and confided herself in Menza. Menza stated that it would be undignified for Ulrika Eleonora to notice this affair and that her position as queen was untouchable: "As the moon continue its course over the sky with no care for the barks of dogs, so should Her Majesty despise the gossip, which has been unleashed by this so unfortunate and blind commitment". For this, king Frederick was grateful to Menza. Menza received a large inheritance from the queen in 1741, and at her own death in 1743, left a fortune of $200,000, the yearly wage of 877 chamber maids (the position in which she had started) put together. Upon her death, the poet Olof von Dalin wrote of her: »... as long as there is virtue, it is impossible for the glory of it to fade. And as long as one remembers Ulrika Eleonora, one will remember Miss Düben.»

</doc>
<doc id="20902279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902279" title="Somersham, Suffolk">
Somersham, Suffolk

Somersham (Lower Somersham) is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around five miles northwest of Ipswich, in 2005 its population was 710.
There are two churches in the village: 
St. Mary's Parish Church (OS grid TM0948) just off the main road in the southeast area of the village built in the early part of the 14th century and stands close to Church Farm. 
Somersham Baptist Chapel is in the northwest area and is a much newer building. 
Somersham had two public houses in the past, King's Head (OS grid TM 085 486) grade II building closed in the early 20th century and started out as farm buildings in the 15th/16th, and the Griffin (OS grid TM 090 485) on the Main Road and now is residential.
Nowadays, there is one public house ('The Duke of Marlborough') on the Main Road. 
Tudor Grange (OS grid TM0848) are a series of timber framed 16th century buildings as you head out northwest from Somersham. 
The village of Somersham is in a quite pronounced valley (for East Anglia). There is a small stream flowing to the north of the village field parallel to the main road. 
The village contains a hair salon, Somersham Primary School, a garage which has been owned by David Haughton for over 20 years and a new village hall in the village. The Post office and small shop closed in 2005 but a thriving Community Shop opened in a purpose built building in July 2012.
Parish Magazine is the Link Newsletter

</doc>
<doc id="20902285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902285" title="Kenny Onatolu">
Kenny Onatolu

Olayiwola Kendae "Kenny" Onatolu (born October 8, 1982) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Edmonton Eskimos as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at Nebraska-Omaha.
Onatolu has also played for the Minnesota Vikings.
Personal life.
Onatolu earned a bachelor’s degree in communications at the University of Nebraska-Omaha, and aspires to have a career in broadcasting. He has an identical twin brother named Taiwo, who was his teammate at Nebraska-Omaha and now is a graduate assistant on the Mavericks’ staff. Onatolu was born in Chicago, but spent 3 years as a child in his parents' home country of Nigeria. His father is a business professor.
College.
Kenny earned Division II All-America honors as a junior and senior by Collegesportsreport.com, and recorded 324 career total tackles in his collegiate career, 5th in school history. He was named All-North Central Conference after each of his 4 seasons (2nd team his sophomore year), and captured team’s Outstanding LB award in 2005 and Defensive MVP award in 2006. Kenny was also a member of the Super 6 comedy team.
Professional career.
Edmonton Eskimos.
After going undrafted in 2007, Onatolu attended an Edmonton Eskimos minicamp after his twin brother Taiwo had a similar experience. He was invited to training camp and eventually made the team.
During his rookie season in the CFL, Onatolu recorded eight tackles and a sack. The following season in 2008, he recorded 59 tackles, three sacks and two fumble recoveries.
Minnesota Vikings.
Onatolu was signed to a future contract by the Minnesota Vikings on December 31, 2008. He made the team as a backup linebacker and was one of the leaders on special teams for the Vikings.
Carolina Panthers.
Onatolu was signed to a three-year contract by the Carolina Panthers on March 16, 2012. After playing in just four games in the 2012 season, Onatolu was released by the Panthers on April 16, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20902293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902293" title="Charles Bennett Ray">
Charles Bennett Ray

Charles Bennett Ray (December 25, 1807 – August 15, 1886) was a prominent African-American abolitionist, the owner and editor of the weekly newspaper "The Colored American", and a notable journalist and clergyman.
Early life and education.
Born a free man in Falmouth, Massachusetts, Ray was the son of mail carrier Joseph Aspinwall Ray and his wife Annis Harrington. He attended Wesleyan Seminary in Wilbraham, Massachusetts studying theology, and then in 1832 enrolled as the first black student at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut although his enrollment was revoked less than two months later after white students protested. He moved to New York City in 1832 and opened a boot and shoe store.
Ministry.
Ray became a Methodist minister and later a Congregational minister, serving as pastor of two predominately white churches in New York City, Crosby Congregational Church and Bethesda Congregational Church. Ray was a strong supporter of the temperance movement, and was a member of the American Missionary Association, the African Society for Mutual Relief, and co-founded the Society for the Promotion of Education Among Colored Children.
Abolitionism.
In the early 1830s Ray became involved in the abolitionist movement, and became a prominent promoter of the Underground Railroad. He was also co-founder and director of the New York Vigilance Committee and a member of the American Anti-Slavery Society, assisting runaway slaves.
The Colored American.
In 1838 Ray and Phillip A. Bell became co-owners of "The Colored American", the fourth weekly periodical published by African Americans, and Ray became the sole owner and editor in 1839. "The Colored American" promoted “the moral, social and political elevation of the free colored people; and the peaceful emancipation of the slaves.” Ray traveled throughout the north giving speeches condemning African American prejudice, and in 1840 became a supporter of the newly founded Liberty Party, the only publicly pro-Abolitionist political party.
Family.
Ray married twice: first in 1834 to Henrietta Green Regulus, who died two years later in childbirth; and again in 1840 to Charlotte Augusta Burroughs. They had seven children, including the first female African-American attorney, Charlotte E. Ray; her sister Florence Ray, who also became an attorney; as well as poet Henrietta Cordelia Ray, known for her eighty-line ode, "Lincoln".
Charles B. Ray died in New York City and is buried in Cypress Hills Cemetery in Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20902294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902294" title="Karel Lang">
Karel Lang

Karel Lang (born June 9, 1958 in Brno, Czechoslovakia) was a professional ice hockey player. He represented Czechoslovakia in the 1980 Winter Olympics, where his team finished 5th in the rankings. During 1990 and 2001 he played for Krefeld Pinguine.

</doc>
<doc id="20902296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902296" title="Harouna Bamogo">
Harouna Bamogo

Harouna Bamogo () is a Burkinabé football player currently playing for Khaleej Sirte in the Libyan Premier League.
Bamogo was released by WA Tlemcen at the end of the 2007-08 season as they were relegated from the Algerian Championnat National. He was subsequently signed by Khaleej on a free transfer in December 2008
He played for the Burkina Faso national football team twice in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20902302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902302" title="Jack Stephens (set decorator)">
Jack Stephens (set decorator)

Jack Stephens was a set decorator. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Stephens won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction and was nominated for another:

</doc>
<doc id="20902303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902303" title="Anderson, Victoria">
Anderson, Victoria

Anderson is a locality in Victoria, Australia. The roundabout which the locality is centralised around has been named the "Anderson Roundabout" which is all the town is thought of today.
The town (and a nearby inlet) is named after the Anderson brothers, one of the first Europeans to settle in the area.
History.
The town was once a large farming and transport town as freight was moved up and down the railway line.
There was formerly a railway station (opened 1910) located on the Wonthaggi line. The station closed along with the line during 1978 due to poor patronage.
The Anderson Post Office (opened as "Anderson Railway Station" office) opened 1936 and closed 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20902306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902306" title="R189 road (Ireland)">
R189 road (Ireland)

The R189 road is a regional road in Ireland, linking Clones Town to Castleblayney in County Monaghan. The route is long. 
Route.
North to south the route starts at the N54 on the western edge of Monaghan Town. It heads southwest for 15 km to its junction with the R183 in Newbliss. It leaves Newbliss heading southeast for 10 km to its termination at the R188 two kilometers north of Cootehill, County Cavan. It remains in County Monaghan for its full length.

</doc>
<doc id="20902311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902311" title="Argentine general election, March 1973">
Argentine general election, March 1973

The first Argentine general election of 1973 was held on 11 March. Voters chose both the President and their legislators and with a turnout of 85.5%, it produced the following results:
President.
Note: The FREJULI ticket was declared the winner, bypassing the Electoral College.
Background.
The 1966 coup d'état against the moderate President Arturo Illia was carried out largely as a reaction to Illia's decision to honor local and legislative elections in which Peronists, officially banned from political activity following the violent overthrow of President Juan Perón in 1955, did well in. Five years later, however, President Alejandro Lanusse found himself heading an unpopular junta, saddled by increasing political violence and an economic wind-down from the prosperous 1960s. Seizing the initiative, he gathered leaders from across the nation's political and intellectual spectrum for a July 1971 "asado", a time-honored Argentine custom as much about camaraderie as about steak.
The result was Lanusse's "Great National Agreement," a road map to the return to democratic rule, including Peronists (the first such concession the military had made since Perón's 1955 exile). The agreement, however, bore little resemblance to what had been discussed and, instead, proposed virtual veto power for the armed forces over most future domestic and foreign policy. This patently unacceptable condition led most political figures to dismiss the much-touted event as the "Great National Asado," instead. 
A year later, President Lanusse made the much-anticipated announcement: elections would be held, nationally, on March 11, 1973. Retaliating for Perón's unequivocal rejection of the 1971 accords, Lanusse limited the field of candidates to "those residing in Argentina as of August 25, 1972" - a clear denial of the aging Perón the right to run on his own party's ticket (the likely winners). Perón did return to Argentina, however, on November 17, when, during a month-long stay, he secured the endorsement of prominent figures such as former President Arturo Frondizi of the Integration and Development Movement, Jorge Abelardo Ramos of the Popular Leftist Front (FIP), Popular Conservative Alberto Fonrouge, Christian Democrat Carlos Imbaud, and other, mainly provincial parties. These diverse parties signed on to an umbrella ticket, led by the Justicialist Party and Perón's personal representative in Argentina, Héctor Cámpora. Partly in recognition for their support and to provide a counter-weight to the left-leaning Cámpora, Perón had the Justicialist Liberation Front (FREJULI) nominate for Vice President Popular Conservative leader Vicente Solano Lima, a newspaper publisher respected across most of Argentina's vastly diverse political spectrum.
Given little time to campaign by the calculating Lanusse (who fielded his own candidate, Brigadier General Ezequiel Martínez, for his "ad hoc" Federal Republican Alliance), the nation's myriad parties jockeyed for alliances and rushed to name candidates. The main opposition, the centrist Radical Civic Union (UCR), put forth their 1958 nominee, former Congressman Ricardo Balbín (head of the party's more conservative wing). Hoping to carry the mantle of those supporting Lanusse, Social Policy Minister Francisco Manrique ran on the Federalist ticket and Américo Ghioldi, who had led a split in the Socialist Party in 1958, ran on his Democratic Socialist slate - refusing (as the traditional Socialists had done) to endorse the Popular Revolutionary Alliance headed by former Governor Oscar Alende (the runner-up in the 1963 election). 
The March 11 polls went smoothly and the FREJULI, which needed 50% of the total to avoid a runoff as per Lanusse's agreement, garnered 49.6%. The irony of the result, which came despite a 28% margin over the runners-up (the UCR), led the seasoned Balbín to petition President Lanusse for a waiver of the rule, something he granted, making the FREJULI alliance the winners of the March 11, 1973 election and paving the way for the definitive return of Juan Perón, whom Lanusse, many years later, would admit to being his "life's obsession." 
Todo Argentina

</doc>
<doc id="20902320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902320" title="Sigurd Osberg">
Sigurd Osberg

Sigurd Fredrik Osberg (born 31 December 1933) is a retired Norwegian bishop.
He was born in Bergen, took the cand.theol. degree in 1960 and was ordained in 1961. He worked as a chaplain in Ringsaker from 1969 to 1976, as a vicar in Åssiden from 1976 to 1987 and in Høvik from 1987 to 1990. From 1991 to 2002 he served as the bishop of the Diocese of Tunsberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20902339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902339" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Wilmington, Delaware">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wilmington, Delaware

This is a list of properties listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Wilmington, Delaware:
For reasons of size, the listings in New Castle County are divided into three lists: those in Wilmington, other listings in northern New Castle County (north of the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal), and those in southern New Castle County (south of the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal).
There are 382 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Of these, 82 are in Wilmington. Five of these sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks.
The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
Contents: Divisions in Delaware

</doc>
<doc id="20902340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902340" title="Cycles per byte">
Cycles per byte

Cycles per byte (sometimes abbreviated cpb) is a unit of measurement which indicates the number of clock cycles a microprocessor will perform per byte (usually of octet size) of data processed in an algorithm. It is commonly used as a partial indicator of real-world performance in cryptographic functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20902346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902346" title="John W. Corso">
John W. Corso

John W. Corso was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Coal Miner's Daughter".

</doc>
<doc id="20902349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902349" title="Wetheringsett-cum-Brockford">
Wetheringsett-cum-Brockford

Wetheringsett-cum-Brockford is a civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. The parish contains the village of Wetheringsett, together with the hamlets of Blacksmith's Green, Broad Green, Brockford Street, Suffolk (located on the A140), Brockford Green, Knaves Green, Page's Green, Park Green, Pitman's Corner, Wetherup Street and White Horse Corner. In 2005 its population was 670.
The parish also contains Mendlesham transmitting station, located on Mendlesham airfield. Between 1908 and 1952 it was served by Brockford and Wetheringsett railway station on the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20902356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902356" title="Arachnocoris">
Arachnocoris

Arachnocoris is a small genus of true bugs found in the Neotropics.
It is often found living in the webs of the pholcid spider "Mesabolivar aurantiacus" (Mello-Leitão, 1930). It seems to prefer empty webs, possibly utilizing them as a ready-made prey-capture device, and possibly as a site for finding mates.
Members of this genus are often found living in spider web, mostly those of the family Pholcidae. The body of "Arachnocoris" is adapted for life in spider webs, with white markings on dark ground, similar to the kleptoparasitic spider genus "Argyrodes".
Taxonomy.
John Scott described two new species in this genus in 1881, which was originally placed in a distinct subgenus by Reuter. This was rejected in 1908, when the discovery of "Parachnocoris" connected "Arachnocoris" with the more typical members of the subfamily Nabinae. By 1925, six species were recognized, ranging from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil to Panama, Trinidad and Grenada (West Indies). Today, "Arachnocoris" and "Pararachnocoris" are placed in the highly specialized neotropical tribus "Arachnocorini". About a dozen species are recognized as of 2007, while "Pararachnocoris" is monotypic.

</doc>
<doc id="20902358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902358" title="Hertfordshire Cricket League">
Hertfordshire Cricket League

The Hertfordshire Cricket League is an amateur league cricket competition based in the county of Hertfordshire, England. It serves as a feeder league to the Home Counties Premier Cricket League, which is a designated ECB Premier League, the highest level of recreational club cricket in England and Wales.
Although most of the leagues member clubs are located within the borders of the county, and in the major towns, teams from North London and across the border into Bedfordshire are also members. The league is sponsored by Saracens Rugby Football Club.
History.
The league has its origins in two smaller leagues in the county, the Grasshopper and Herts County league which eventually merged in the mid-1980s. The league is run by a committee consisting of elected persons from member clubs. The league can also invite additional members to join on a co-option basis.
Structure.
The League comprises 14 divisions, with 10 teams in Division 1, increasing to 20 further down the league before reducing in size in the bottom two divisions. Sides in Divisions 1 to 9 play 100 over cricket, 9 to 14 play a reduced 90 over format. The side batting first receives a greater number of overs (53 to 47, and 47 to 43).
The league is organised on a pyramid system, with promotion and relegation at stake in all divisions, bar the latter in Division 14. The league-winning side in Division 1 is elected to the Home Counties Premier Cricket League. The most successful club sides in recent years have been Knebworth Park [http://kpcctest.hitscricket.com/home/default.aspx] Letchworth, Hitchin, Potters Bar and Radlett.

</doc>
<doc id="20902365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902365" title="Taekwondo at the 2007 South Pacific Games">
Taekwondo at the 2007 South Pacific Games


</doc>
<doc id="20902367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902367" title="Camore">
Camore

Camore () is a small hamlet, located 0.5 mile directly southeast of Evelix, and 1.5 miles west of Dornoch, in south east Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="20902373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902373" title="Wetheringsett">
Wetheringsett

Wetheringsett is a village in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located to the east of the A140, it is the largest village in the parish of Wetheringsett-cum-Brockford.

</doc>
<doc id="20902381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902381" title="John M. Dwyer">
John M. Dwyer

John M. Dwyer (born August 25, 1926) is an American set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Coal Miner's Daughter".

</doc>
<doc id="20902384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902384" title="Peter Randall Johnson">
Peter Randall Johnson

Peter Randall Johnson (5 August 1880 – 1 July 1959) was a cricketer who played for Cambridge University, Somerset and several amateur sides in a long first-class cricket career that stretched from 1900 to 1927. During his career, he appears to have been known, somewhat formally, as "P. R. Johnson"; modern websites refer to him as "Randall Johnson". Somerset colleague Jack MacBryan, who didn't like him, called him "Peter Johnson".
Background.
The son of George Randall Johnson who had captained Cambridge University at cricket in the 1850s and also played first-class cricket for Cambridgeshire, Johnson was born in New Zealand, where his father was a member of the state legislature from 1872 to 1890. He was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Early cricket career.
Johnson made his first-class debut for Cambridge University in a match against A. J. Webbe's XI in 1900, and played in five other first-class matches for the university side that season, without winning his blue. In his third game, he made 54 against MCC.
His record in 1901 was similar, with one score of over 50 – he made 55 in the Cambridge match against Yorkshire. But this time he was awarded his blue and played in the University match against Oxford University alongside his future Somerset county captain John Daniell. In this match and others in 1900 and 1901, Johnson was regarded as something of an all-rounder: he bowled right-arm fast, and took three second innings Oxford wickets for 41 runs in the 1901 University match. This was not his best bowling performance of the 1901 season. Against W. G. Grace's London County side, he took four for 99 and these remained the best bowling figures of his long career. In fact, 17 of the 20 wickets he took in his career came in these first two seasons: he bowled seldom after 1902, and after 1906 he bowled only twice more in first-class cricket.
In 1901 as well, Johnson made his debut for Somerset. The match was a first-class game against a South African side that did not play Tests. He opened the innings with Lionel Palairet and scored 11 and 46. Because the match was not a competitive one, questions of qualification for the county did not arise.
At the end of the English cricket season, Johnson joined a party of amateurs, most of them Oxford or Cambridge players and led by Bernard Bosanquet, on a tour of North America on which two first-class matches were played.
County cricketer.
From the 1902 season, Johnson began appearing in County Championship matches for Somerset. His qualification for the county would appear to have been fairly flimsy: there is a story, which is also told of a later Somerset cricketer, Tom Lowry, that the county put his birthplace down as Wellington, which was true, without bothering to volunteer that it was not, in fact, the town of that name in Somerset. Employed as a stockbroker, he had time for fairly regular appearances in 1902 and 1903, fewer in 1904 and 1905, and then more again in 1906. From then until the First World War, Johnson appeared in only a handful of matches in each season, but for five seasons from 1921 to 1925 he was nearly always in the Somerset side, finally retiring after a few unsuccessful matches in 1927.
The historian of Somerset cricket, David Foot, depicts Johnson as a dashing Edwardian figure, always sporting a silk cravat while playing. Foot quotes the writer Christopher Hollis on Johnson in the 1920s: "Always faultlessly dressed, it was his habit to drive up to a match arrayed in top hat and spotless morning coat."
Johnson's statistics indicate his increasing stature as a batsman. In 1902, he averaged only 14 runs per innings; the following year the average was in the mid 20s and, with some exceptions, it was mostly over 30 in the years up to 1914. There was progression, too, in his highest innings. In 1902, he increased his highest score to 62 with an innings that enabled Somerset to draw against the Australians. In 1903, he hit his first century, 110 against Worcestershire at Worcester and followed that with 121 in the match against Sussex at Taunton. In 1906, again at Worcester, he hit 163 and in that season he made 941 first-class runs, the nearest he got to 1000 in a season before the First World War.
Johnson's best season was 1908, when he topped the first-class averages for the English cricket season with 603 runs in eight innings. In fact, he played in only five matches that season, and one of those was so badly affected by rain that the Somerset side did not bat at all. In his first game, he made 164 and 131 against Middlesex at Taunton, the first time a Somerset cricketer had hit two centuries in a first-class match. The 164 in this match remained Johnson's highest-ever score. In the following match, against Hampshire he made 117 and 19. And then in his third match of the season, against Kent, he scored 31 and 126.
International cricket.
A year after his trip with Bosanquet to North America, Johnson was part of a private team that toured New Zealand and Australia under the leadership of Lord Hawke in the 1902–03 season. Four years later, in the 1906–07 season, he went back to New Zealand with a MCC side composed of amateur players that played 11 first-class matches in a three-month period. These were his only experiences of international cricket, though Foot writes, in his history of Somerset cricket: "It's well known that he was invited to go to Australia with the Warner-Douglas team" of 1911–12. But, he adds, "he thought hard about it, tried in vain to revise his business schedules and said no to likely fame."
In Foot's view, "with more spare time," Johnson "would have walked into the England side – and adorned it with that touch of elegance inseparable from his tall, distinctive presence."
Postwar cricket.
Johnson served in the Middle East in the First World War where he was taken ill. He played little in 1919, but turned out in eight matches in 1920. Early in the 1921 season, he was picked as captain of the MCC side which played the all-conquering Australian team under Warwick Armstrong, which may have been an indication that he was being considered for the Test team, England having lost all five matches in the Ashes series the previous winter. In the event, he was unable to bat in the second innings of the match because of a "damaged hand". R. C. Robertson-Glasgow, in a brief profile of Johnson, wrote: "Whatever this captaincy may have foreshadowed, Johnson, having a bone in his hand broken by a very fierce one from J. M. Gregory, dropped out of cricket for some weeks." In fact, Johnson was available for Somerset's next match only a week after the MCC game, but the call to Test cricket never came. In the season as a whole, he passed 1,000 runs for the only time in his career but Wisden noted that he was "brilliant rather than consistent".
Over the next few seasons, Johnson played regular county cricket for Somerset, averaging, after a poor 1922, in the 20s, and making a lot of catches in the slips. As late as 1926, when he was nearly 46 years of age, he was sharing in a last-wicket partnership of 139 in 95 minutes with Robertson-Glasgow against Surrey at The Oval, making an unbeaten 117 himself. But that was the last of his 18 centuries and after a few matches in 1927, he retired.
After retirement, he was afflicted by arthritis and in his latter years was used a wheelchair. He died at Sidmouth, Devon on 1 July 1959.
Style and personality.
Robertson-Glasgow, as a young amateur coming into the Somerset side in the 1920s, was clearly in awe of Johnson and left a portrait of a cricketer of considerable panache. "P.R. Johnson's fame rests on batting comparable in style and fluency to that of Lionel Palairet," he wrote – Palairet was noted as a stylish batsman in the so-called "Golden Age" of late Victorian and Edwardian cricket. He added: "Tall and graceful, Randall Johnson in play against fast bowling is something to remember; and once, when he was bowled in the thirties, I heard an opponent, not fond of words or losing, remark: 'Well, I "am" sorry; that's the best of the day gone.'"
David Foot, confessing himself influenced by Robertson-Glasgow's description, wrote: "Johnson was the kind of batsman whose cover drive caused opposing fielders to stop and applaud before returning the ball."
External links.
Peter Randall Johnson at www.cricketarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="20902400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902400" title="One Water">
One Water

One Water is a 2008 documentary film directed by Sanjeev Chatterjee and Ali Habashi. The film premiered at the 2008 Miami International Film Festival on 22 February 2008.
Film.
One Water is a collaborative project initiated in 2003 at the University of Miami between the School of Communication, College of Engineering and the Frost School of Music to address the global freshwater crisis. At the heart of the project was the motion picture "One Water."
An early short version of the picture was screened at the 12th and 13th sessions of the UN Commission on Sustainable Development in New York. A feature version was completed in 2008 and premiered at the Miami International Film Festival. The 68-minute movie was shot in 14 countries and features long tracts of visual storytelling over music and natural sound without words, interspersed with interviews with prominent people, including the Dalai Lama, Vandana Shiva, Robert Kennedy Jr., Felipe Fernández-Armesto and Oscar Olivera - among others. Donna E. Shalala, president of the University of Miami also appears in the film as narrator. 
The original score for "One Water" was recorded in Moscow by the Russian National Orchestra.
In 2006, "One Water" received major support from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundationas part of its establishment of the Knight Center for International Media at the School of Communication, University of Miami.
The central idea behind the project was the making of a documentary that would spark the creation of further media on the subject of water around the world.
Toward this goal, a partnership with San Francisco based Independent Television Service (ITVS) would create four nationally broadcast films on water in four countries (Bahrain, Colombia, India and South Africa). These films will be broadcast in these countries around World Water Day (22 March 2009). This partnership has also launched the International Water Journalism website 1h2o.org that is receiving water related multimedia articles produced by journalists around the world.
In early 2009, an international television version of the film was created with a script written by Sanjeev Chatterjee and narrated by Hollywood star Martin Sheen Sheen was brought to the project by executive producer, Sam L Grogg who formerly collaborated with Sheen on the theatrical motion picture DA. This version of the documentary will air on Discovery Networks Planet Green in August 2010.
Theme.
The documentary One Water assesses the deficiency of potable, safe water on a global scale. The movie highlights how communities across the world are dramatically suffering from a lack of our most valuable resource, thanks to drought, pollution and other factors. It becomes apparent that although this issue demands an immediate, workable solution, the problem is not easily resolved. The filmmakers also discuss the vitality of water on parallel spiritual and physical levels.
Water crisis.
A 2006 United Nations report stated that "there is enough water for everyone", but that access to it is hampered by mismanagement and corruption.
The UN World Water Development Report (WWDR, 2003) from the World Water Assessment Program indicates that, in the next 20 years, the quantity of water available to everyone is predicted to decrease by 30 percent. 40 percent of the world's inhabitants currently have insufficient fresh water for minimal hygiene. More than 2.2 million people died in 2000 from waterborne diseases (related to the consumption of contaminated water) or drought. In 2004, the UK charity WaterAid reported that a child dies every 15 seconds from easily preventable water-related diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="20902402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902402" title="Reichstein process">
Reichstein process

The Reichstein process in chemistry is a combined chemical and microbial method for the production of ascorbic acid from D-glucose that takes place in several steps. This process was devised by Nobel Prize winner Tadeus Reichstein and his colleagues in 1933 while working in the laboratory of the ETH in Zürich.
Reaction steps.
The reaction steps are:
The microbial oxidation of sorbitol to sorbose is important because it provides the correct stereochemistry.
Importance.
This process was patented and sold to Hoffmann-La Roche in 1935. The first commercially sold vitamin C product was called "Cebion" from Merck.
Even today all industrial methods for the production of ascorbic acid are based on the Reichstein process. In modern methods however, sorbose is directly oxidized with a platinum catalyst (developed by Kurt Heyns (1908–2005) in 1942). This method avoids the use of protective groups. A side product with particular modification is 5-Keto-D-gluconic acid. 
Novel methods involve genetically modified bacteria.

</doc>
<doc id="20902412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902412" title="Sir Charles Forster, 1st Baronet">
Sir Charles Forster, 1st Baronet

Sir Charles Forster, 1st Baronet (3 August 1815-26 July 1891) was an English Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1852 to 1891
Biography.
Forster was born at Worcester, the only son of Charles Smith Forster of Lysways
Hall, Rugeley and his wife Elizabeth Emery. His father was a banker of Walsall, who had been Member of Parliament for Walsall and High Sheriff of Staffordshire. Forster was educated at Worcester College, Oxford and called to the bar at Inner Temple in 1843. He was a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P. for Staffordshire.
Forster stood unsuccessfully for Walsall in 1847, but in 1852 he was returned unopposed as MP for Walsall. He lived at Lysways Hall, Staffordshire, and was created a baronet, of Lysways Hall' in March 1874. He remained member for Walsall until his death at the age of 75 in 1891. He made 210 contributions in the House of Commons.
Forster married Frances Catherine Surtees of Newcastle upon Tyne in 1840. His son Charles succeeded to the baronetcy.

</doc>
<doc id="20902420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902420" title="List of terrorist incidents, 2009">
List of terrorist incidents, 2009

This is a timeline of incidents in 2009 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).

</doc>
<doc id="20902432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902432" title="Gillender Building">
Gillender Building

The Gillender Building was an early 20-story skyscraper in the Financial District of Manhattan in New York City. It stood on the northwest corner of Wall Street and Nassau Street, on a narrow strip of land along Nassau Street measuring only . At the time of its completion in 1897, the 273 feet (83 m) tall Gillender Building was, depending on ranking methods, the fourth or the eighth tallest structure in New York.
The Gillender Building was praised as an engineering novelty, and was quoted by some as "one of the wonders of the city". It attracted attention for a visible disproportion of height and footprint which commanded a relatively low rentable area, and was deemed economically obsolete from the start.
After thirteen years of uneventful existence, Gillender Building was sold in December 1909 for a record price of $822 per square foot of land, and was demolished in April–June 1910 to make way for the 41–story Bankers Trust tower at 14 Wall Street. "The New York Times" called demolition of the Gillender Building the first time when a modern skyscraper was torn down to be replaced with a taller and larger one. It briefly held the title of the tallest building ever demolished voluntarily.
Site.
In the 17th century, the site north from Wall Street was occupied by John Damen's farm; in 1685, Damen sold the land to captain John Knight, an officer of Thomas Dongan's administration. Knight resold the land to Dongan, and Dongan resold it in 1689 to Abraham de Peyster and Nicholas Bayard. Both de Peyster and Bayard served as Mayors of New York. The first known building on the site, a sugar house, was built by Samuel Bayard. In 1718, most of the present-day block was sold to a church congregation, while the corner lot, cut into narrow strips, remained in possession of the de Peysters and the Bayards. In 1773, de Peyster sold the corner lot to the Verplanck family for less than $1,500; the Verplanck mansion later housed Wall Street banks.
The second New York City Hall, erected in 1700 and torn down in 1816, stood on the site of present-day Federal Hall and occupied the eastern side of present-day Nassau Street, which, historically, curved around the City Hall. It was straightened up after the demolition of the second City Hall, but its early track was retained in the placement of the corner buildings (including the Gillender Building but not the 14 Wall Street) which were set back from the street, providing a wider than usual sidewalk. In 1816, the corner lot was owned by Charles Gardner, who sold the property in 1817 for $11,200; it was further resold in 1835 for $47,500 and in 1849 for $55,000. Charles Frederick Briggs and Edgar Allan Poe operated the offices of the "Broadway Journal" on this site from 1844 until 1845. From 1849 until December 1909, the lot remained in the hands of a single family. Adjacent lots were owned by the Sampson family since 1840; in 1880, this property was developed into a seven-story Stevens Building.
Construction.
In 1896, Helen L. Gillender Asinari, owner of a 6-story office building on the corner of Wall and Nassau decided to replace it with a tall tower, capitalizing on a tenfold increase in land value. The building was most likely named after Helen's father, millionaire tobacco merchant Eccles Gillender (1810–1877). Mrs. Gillender hurried to build the new tower prior to the anticipated enactment of new, stricter building codes, which explains the shortcomings of the Gillender Building (in fact, the regulations came into effect only in 1916). An alternative version presented by Joseph Korom attributes construction of the Gillender Building to Augustus Teophilus Gillender (born 1843), principal partner in a law firm.
The construction contract was awarded to Charles T. Willis Company; Hecla Iron Works, Atlas Cement Company and Okonite Company of Passaic were principal suppliers. The Gillender Building cost $500,000 to construct and attracted attention due to the disproportion of its height and footprint. The new structure occupied a narrow strip of land measuring 26×73 feet, or about 8×22 meters, ruling out efficient space plans. Quicksand under the site required use of caisson foundations; caissons consumed the underground space that could be otherwise used by bank vaults or retail storage, further reducing the building's value. Its rentable area (30,000 square feet or 2,790 square meters) was on par with Manhattan's 1897 average for pre-skyscraper buildings (26,300 square feet or 2,400 square meters) and lower than the area of adjacent six-storey Stevens Building. The disproportion was made more evident in 1903, when the new Hanover National Bank Building, built on the same Nassau Street block and being only marginally taller, dwarfed the slender Gillender Building.
Architecturally, the Gillender Building, designed by Charles I. Berg and Edward H. Clark, belonged to "a series of elegant towers in various classical modes erected in New York in the 1890s" and is now considered "a notable example" of its period along with the Central Bank Building (William Birkmire, 1897, demolished) and the American Surety Building (Bruce Price, 1894–1896, extant). Structurally, it was based on fully wind-braced steel frame with masonry infill. The main volume of the tower rose to without setbacks, with a three-story cupola crown reaching . The New York Times erroneously called Gillender the "highest office structure in the world", although the earlier Manhattan Life Insurance Building (1894) was taller at . Berg and Clerk followed the Italian rule of triple vertical partitioning: expensive decoration was limited to the three bottom floors (what the pedestrians see from the street) and the upper two floors and the crowning tower. Massive cornices above the second and third floors visually separated the lower levels from the clean wall surface stretching above up until the fourteenth floor; starting from the ninth floor, it gradually re-acquired ornaments and arched windows as if in anticipation of the ornate Italian Baroque cupola above.
Advertised as fully fireproof and as the most modern tower on the market, Gillender Building was occupied by financial firms through its short lifetime and was perceived as economically obsolete from the start. There were no notable incidents other than two lightning strikes in its spire in July 1897 and May 1900; the latter "sent splinters flying in every direction" without casualties.
Takeover.
In 1909, the Financial District experienced a rapid series of land acquisitions by financial institutions. The Bankers Trust Company joined the process after Bank of Montreal, Fourth National Bank, and Germania Insurance acquired their properties on Wall and Nassau Streets. Bankers Trust, which was established in 1902, had been a tenant at Gillender Building for six years and their choice of site was motivated by its location near the New York Stock Exchange. The company, with J. P. Morgan on the board, grew rapidly and intended to land itself permanently in the "vortex of America's financial life".
In July 1909, Bankers Trust signed a long-term lease agreement with the Sampson family, owners of the Stevens Building; lease was preferred to purchase due to high price of Wall Street land. Located on the same Wall-Nassau block as the Gillender Building, the L-shaped, seven-story Stevens Building wrapped around it and possessed far longer facades on both Wall and Nassau Streets. Initially, the press reported that Bankers Trust planned to build a 16-story office building wrapping around the Gillender Building, with the two bottom floors outfitted to be "one of the finest banking rooms in the city". Later, it was disclosed that they had been negotiating purchase of Gillender Building since April 1909; the deal would have consolidated enough Wall Street land for a new tower with frontage facing Wall Street and on Nassau Street.
In December 1909, The New York Times reported a new record set: The Manhattan Trust Company, a bank connected to Bankers Trust through common control by J. P. Morgan, acquired the Gillender Building from Helen Gillender Asinari, paying approximately $1,500,000 for the property occupying , or $822 for a square foot of Manhattan land that was worth $55,000 sixty years earlier. Negotiations were in progress since April 1909 and the sale was virtually closed in November.
On January 2, 1910, the press reported that the Manhattan Trust has resold the building; Bankers Trust, the new owner, completed consolidation of a large corner property. By April 1910, the final cash price paid to Manhattan Trust was adjusted to $1,250,000; in exchange for the $250,000 difference, the Manhattan Trust retained long-term lease rights for the ground floor "and some other space in the building". This brought nominal cash price per foot on par or below the earlier record ($700 per square foot for a lot on the corner of Wall Street and Broadway). Contemporaries agreed that the Manhattan Trust and Bankers Trust acted in accord and that the latter targeted Gillender Building from the start. Bankers Trust absorbed Manhattan Trust Company in February 1912.
The press anticipated the upcoming demolitionof the Gillender Building "as the first time when such a high-class office building representing the best type of fire-proof construction" would be torn down and "one of the largest building operations ever undertaken in New York". Bankers Trust publicized the drafts by Trowbridge & Livingston to build a 39-story tower that, when announced, would be New York's third tallest building after the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower and the Singer Building built in 1909 and 1908, respectively.
Demolition.
Demolition of the Stevens Building commenced in the beginning of April 1910. The contract to demolish the Gillender Building was awarded to Jacob Volk, known for his work on the McAdoo Tunnel, who himself claimed experience in demolishing 900 buildings. Initially, Volk subscribed to complete the job in 35 days and pay a $500 penalty for each day delayed; the schedule was later extended to 45 days. The building's tenants remained in the tower until the wrecking crews arrived on-site. Demolition commenced April 29, 1910, and was officially completed June 16, 1910, one day ahead of schedule. It cost Bankers Trust $50,000 plus $500 for advance completion; the contractor also received all the scrap valued at $25,000.
Demolition was preceded with erection of a massive timber canopy over the sidewalks and a wire mesh over the street to protect people from falling debris. Inside, elevator shafts were converted into garbage chutes for the torn partitions and exterior masonry scrap. By May 2, the top belvedere was dismantled completely and most of the cupola masonry was removed, exposing its steel skeleton. By the end of May, most of the Stevens Building was torn down; the Gillender Building's masonry walls were removed down to the seventh floor and steel skeleton was down to eleventh floor. By June 12, all that remained of Gillender Building was a single level of its steel frame visible above protective scaffoulding. In the following four days, the ground was completely cleared; work on its underground foundations commenced a month later. The granite slabs from the Gillender Building were recycled into tombstones of the Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.
Of the 250 men involved in the demolition project, two Italian workers were injured by falling girders, one of them died in the hospital.
The famous Gillender Building, which when erected twelve years ago on the northwest corner of Nassau and Wall Streets was called the tallest skyscraper in the world, its tower rising some 300 feet above the streets, has gone the way of other landmarks.<br>
- "The New York Times", June 17, 1910 
The Bankers Trust Company Building, now known as 14 Wall Street, was completed in 1912, then being the tallest banking building in the world. The bank occupied only the three lower floors; its main operations were housed elsewhere in less expensive offices. About 19 years later, Bankers Trust acquired and demolished the adjacent Hanover, Astor, and Pine Street Buildings, and replaced them with an annex to the original Bankers Trust Building, which was completed in 1933 and tripling its rentable area. Helen Gillender Asinari died a year earlier, in 1932.
In fiction.
The Gillender Building is the site of a final scene in Jed Rubenfeld's "The Interpretation of Murder", a 2006 novel reconstructing Sigmund Freud's 1909 visit to New York. The narrator and Nora Acton (linked to Freud's case study of "Dora") meet for the last time in the Gillender cupola, watch the New York skyline, well aware that the building will be soon torn down.
In M. K. Hobson's "Hotel Astarte", The Warlock "had his fingernails polished by a mute Chinese woman he kept in locked in a small room in his office on the top floor of the Gillender Building on Wall Street". The story is set in June 1910 and October 1929, when the Gillender Building had already been dismantled.

</doc>
<doc id="20902435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902435" title="Jacques Dubois (literary theorist)">
Jacques Dubois (literary theorist)

Jacques Dubois (born 1933, Liège), Professor emeritus of Literature at the Université de Liège invented the concept of the "Literary Institution" following the work of Pierre Bourdieu by analogy with other social institutions such as military, medical, and political. He is also a Member of the Groupe µ. In 1983, he was the main editor of the Manifesto for Walloon culture. 
On May 6, 2003, the prestigious collection La Pléiade was enriched by 21 of Simenon's novels. Jacques Dubois, president of the Center for Georges Simenon Studies has chosen the Simenon's books, written the notes and surveys with another Walloon Simenon specialist Benoît Denis. Jacques Dubois: 
"We were totally free to choose the 21 works which will be represented in the Pléiade. The choice was difficult and painful." And Benoît Denis: " We have of course included the inescapable masterpieces, The Snow Was Black, Act of Passion Mr. Hire's Engagement, "The Little Saint". We wanted the different periods of his life, French, American, Swiss, to be represented. As a result we have included works from his beginnings, less known, like "Tropic Moon" and "The House by the Canal", where, nonetheless, all of Simenon is already present. We have included relatively few Maigrets, as these novels have a rather pronounced standard and repetitive aspect.
The literary institution.
According Michel Biron, "Jacques Dubois sought to establish the link between institution and text, while institution upon one of sociocriticism's and, his view, neglected goals, namely the conditions of the material conditions of a text.

</doc>
<doc id="20902445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902445" title="Los (band)">
Los (band)

Los was a British indie rock band, formed and based in Surrey. As of 2008, the band comprises Helen Sargent (vocals and synth), Daniel Hale (drums) and Chris Hamilton (guitars). Their distinctive sound had been described as a mixture of rock, punk, blues and grunge, citing influences such as Jeff Buckley, Led Zeppelin, Nirvana and Nina Simone. The band have toured the UK and released two singles in 2008. They toured the UK four more times in 2009 before recording their debut five track E.P 'Whale' released in late 2009, which was play listed on BBC Radio 6 Music and XFM Radio and achieved 9/10 in the November 2009 issue of Rocksound Magazine. BBC Radio 6 Music's Tom Robinson described 'Ba Ba Ba' as 'Quite Brilliant' on his Twitter page before inviting the band in for a live radio interview. The band changed their name to That Mouth in May 2011 after clashes on iTunes with an American rapper going by the same name. It was officially announced on 25 September 2011 that after the release of their full length debut album 'Sometimes I feel like I've lost my soul' on limited edition 12" vinyl on 10 October 2011, the band would be parting ways to pursue other musical projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20902450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902450" title="Ma Midi">
Ma Midi

Ma Midi (died 196) was an official who lived during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history. He is also featured as a character in Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms". When Wang Yun decided to execute Cai Yong for showing sympathy with respect to Dong Zhuo's death, it was Ma who urged for leniency toward Cai. He was ordered by the court to the warlord of the east but was detained by Yuan Shu and died in grief.

</doc>
<doc id="20902460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902460" title="19th parallel south">
19th parallel south

The 19th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 19 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 19° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20902467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902467" title="Young-Sprinters Hockey Club">
Young-Sprinters Hockey Club

Young-Sprinters Hockey Club is a Swiss professional ice hockey team based in Neuchâtel.

</doc>
<doc id="20902471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902471" title="La maison du docteur">
La maison du docteur

La maison du docteur is an opera comique in one act by Georges Bizet with a French libretto by Henry Boitteaux. Some music scholars assert that the opera was composed in 1852 while others believe that is was written in 1855. Either way the composition is the first opera written by Bizet. "La maison du docteur" has never been performed and while the music does survive in piano score only, the work has never been published.
An orchestration of the piano score has been performed at February 9th, 2012 by the Orchestre de la Bastille at the Auditorium St. Germain in Paris.
References.
http://www.orchestre-de-la-bastille.com/classique.html

</doc>
<doc id="20902476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902476" title="Metropolitan Male Quartet">
Metropolitan Male Quartet

The Metropolitan Male Quartet was a vocal quartet of men who performed in the New York City area in the years 1890 until about 1902.
The group consisted of Robert J. Webb (first tenor), Peter J. Collins (second tenor), James J. Byrne (baritone), and Richard Schumm (bass). For several years they appeared at amateur light opera presentations, in minstrel shows, and frequently as choir singers. The group became professional in 1895 at which time Byrne left to pursue other interests. Byrne later became Borough President of Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20902489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902489" title="Paul Walsh Field">
Paul Walsh Field

Paul Walsh Field is a multi-purpose sports facility located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, USA. The field is part of the athletic faciities of nearby New Bedford High School. Its primary use is for baseball. Specifically, it serves as the home of the New Bedford Bay Sox of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a collegiate summer baseball league. The Bay Sox hold a non-exclusive contract for usage of the field, allowing for interscholastic sporting events to continue to be played at the facility.
Arsenic Issue.
In the summer of 2008 arsenic was discovered on both of the facility's two baseball diamonds. While the arsenic was found in moderate amounts, officials did not believe it posed immediate danger to the public. It is believed the arsenic levels stem back to the location's industrial usage during the 1960s. Remediation of the field, involving the replacing of arsenic-poisoned grass and soil, began in November 2008.
Bay Sox Attendance.
The following is a list of New Bedford Bay Sox attendance figures since the team began playing at Paul Walsh Field in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20902508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902508" title="Cicindela repanda">
Cicindela repanda

Cicindela repanda, commonly known as the Bronzed Tiger Beetle or Common Shore Tiger Beetle, is a tiger beetle that long, lives in most of North America, and has three subspecies. The three subspecies are C. repanda repanda, C. repanda novascotiae, and C. repanda tanneri. Its labrum is small with one tooth and the pronotum is coppery and hairy. The shoulder marking touches or nearly touches the middle band. It is usually seen in spring and summer and it lives in sand, gravel, or clay soil. Its food is many insects and some fruit. The species have a two year life cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="20902512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902512" title="Code of safe working practices">
Code of safe working practices

The Code of Safe Working Practices (COSWP) is published by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) of the UK. The code details the regulatory framework for health and safety aboard ship, safety management and statutory duties underlying to the advice in the code and the areas that should be covered when introducing a new recruit to safety procedures on board.
The code arose from the Health and Safety at Work act (1974).

</doc>
<doc id="20902521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902521" title="Alan Tomkins">
Alan Tomkins

Alan Tomkins (born 1939) is an art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Empire Strikes Back".

</doc>
<doc id="20902526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902526" title="Clerkship (medicine)">
Clerkship (medicine)

In medical education, a clerkship, or rotation, refers to the practice of medicine by medical students (MD, DO, DPM, and PA) during their third and fourth years of study. Traditionally, the first half of medical school trains students in the classroom setting, and the second half takes place in a teaching hospital. Clerkships give students experiences in all parts of the hospital setting, including the operating room, emergency department, and various other departments that allow learning by viewing and doing.
During this training, students are required to rotate through different medical specialties and treat patients under the supervision of physicians. Students elicit patient histories, complete physical examinations, write progress notes, and assist in surgeries and medical procedures. The work hours are that of a full-time job, generally similar to that of residents. Students may also be required to work on weekends and to be on call.
United States.
In the United States, medical school lasts four years. Medical students spend the third and fourth years rotating through a combination of required clerkships and electives. Most medical schools require rotations in internal medicine, surgery, pediatrics, psychiatry, obstetrics and gynecology, family medicine, radiology, and neurology. Some schools additionally require emergency medicine and intensive-care medicine. Furthermore, a common graduation requirement is to complete a sub-internship in a specialty, where the medical student acts as an intern.

</doc>
<doc id="20902537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902537" title="Appropedia">
Appropedia

Appropedia is a wiki website for collaborative solutions in sustainability, poverty reduction and international development, with a particular focus on appropriate technology. Appropedia has been used by a number of nonprofit organizations and individuals working in sustainable development, including and the .
Appropedia runs on the software MediaWiki. Currently it houses 5658 articles and has received more than 19,000 uploaded files (9 January 2014).
History.
After years of other online and offline sustainable collaboration projects, Lonny Grafman started Appropedia in April 2006 with a focus on appropriate technology, defined very broadly. He was assisted by Aaron Antrim and Gabriel Krause in the decision to use the MediaWiki engine for Appropedia. Curt Beckmann then joined Appropedia later in 2006.
Contact with WikiGreen in December 2006 led to a quick decision to join forces. It was decided to use the name Appropedia. This merger led to a large increase in content, including permission from various publications, and some content from CD3WD (CDs for the 3rd World).
Since then Appropedia has imported content from other sites:
In 2012, use of the Semantic MediaWiki extension was added as well.
Use as source.
Papers and books that have used information from Appropedia as source material include:
Use as pedagogical tool.
Appropedia has also been used by proponents of open source appropriate technology such as Prof. Joshua Pearce in service learning, including in language education and engineering education.

</doc>
<doc id="20902541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902541" title="41st parallel south">
41st parallel south

The 41st parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 41 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 8 minutes during the December solstice and 9 hours, 13 minutes during the June solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 41° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20902559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902559" title="Parc de l'Étang">
Parc de l'Étang

The Parc de l'Étang (3 hectares) is a private park with botanical garden and arboretum located on rue des Longeots, Battrans, Haute-Saône, Franche-Comté, France. It is open by appointment daily except Sunday in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The park was begun in 1971 with creation of a pond; the excavated soil was fashioned into surrounding berms, hills, and terraces. Most plantings were completed 1972-1973, although subsequent plantings have been required to repair windstorm and disease damage. In 2005 it was designated a "Jardin Remarquable" by the French Ministry of Culture. Today the park contains a landscaped arboretum containing nearly 350 varieties of trees and shrubs, set with gravel paths and walkways.

</doc>
<doc id="20902581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902581" title="2002 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women">
2002 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women

The ABC Under-18 Championship for Women 2002 is the 16th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at Taipei from December 21–30, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20902587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902587" title="Maryland Steamer">
Maryland Steamer

The Maryland Steamer automobile was manufactured in Luke, Maryland from 1900 to 1901 by the Maryland Automobile Manufacturing company. The vehicle had a two-cylinder vertical steam engine and a chain drive; its large wheels had wood spokes with solid rubber tires, and its body was made of wood.

</doc>
<doc id="20902589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902589" title="Carl Fredrik Wisløff">
Carl Fredrik Wisløff

Carl Fredrik Wisløff (31 December 1908 – 25 June 2004) was a Norwegian theologian and Christian preacher, who spent much of his professional career at the MF Norwegian School of Theology. He is considered among the most important lay preachers in 20th-century Norway.
Early life and career.
He was born in Drammen, but grew up in Sarpsborg. He was the nephew of Johan Martin Wisløff and a first cousin of later bishop Hans Edvard Wisløff.
Carl Fredrik Wisløff graduated with the cand.theol. degree in 1931, and was hired as a priest at Vaterland the next year. He was also hired as the first secretary of the "Norges kristelige student- og gymnasiastlag", and also founded the organization's magazine, "Credo". In 1940, he was appointed as a vicar in Birkenes.
Later life and career.
"Jeg vet på hvem jeg tror".
In 1946, Wisløff published "Jeg vet på hvem jeg tror" ('I Know in Whom I Believe'). In 2008, the liberal newspaper "Dagbladet" recognized the book as among the twenty-five most influential prose books in post-1945 Norway.
Academic career.
In 1947, Wisløff was hired to head the priest's seminary at the MF Norwegian School of Theology. He also chaired the "Norges kristelige student- og gymnasiastlag", from 1948 to 1960. He took the doctorate in 1958 on the thesis "Nattverd og messe" ('Communion and Mass'), which was translated into English (as 'The Gift of Communion') in 1964 and German in 1969. He joined the executive committee of the International Fellowship of Evangelical Students in 1959, and was appointed as professor of church history at the MF School of Theology in 1961. In 1967, he took over the presidency of the International Fellowship of Evangelical Students, a post he held until 1979. He retired as a professor in 1975.
Wisløff was known as an opponent of the World Council of Churches and liberal theology, rather adhering to the actual contents of the Bible. Among his preaching books were "Ordet fra Guds munn" (1951), "Ordet om korset" (1973), "Lyset skinner i mørket" (1976) and "Daglig brød" (1983). Other books include "Politikk og kristendom" (1961), volume one and three of "Norsk kirkehistorie" (1966, 1971), "Kristne kirkesamfunn" (1974), "Den lutherske bekjennelse og katolisismen" (1980), "2000 år med Kristus" (1981) and "Martin Luthers teologi" (1984).
Wisløff died in June 2004, following short-term illness. His 100th anniversary was commemorated by the Norwegian Lutheran Mission. He was also honoured with two Festschrifts, both on his seventieth birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20902595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902595" title="Esgeiriau Gwynion">
Esgeiriau Gwynion

Esgeiriau Gwynion is a mountain in north east Wales. It is the smallest of the three Marilyns that form the Aran range, the others being Aran Fawddwy and Glasgwm. 
The peak is situated to the east of Aran Fawddwy, separated by Bwlch Sirddyn, and stretches right the way round Cwn Cynllwyd towards the Berwyn range at Foel y Geifr. The tops are all boggy in character, all rising from a wild, peat bog plateau. A road penetrates the plateau at Bwlch y Groes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20902614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902614" title="Dunnet Church">
Dunnet Church

Dunnet Parish Church is a Church of Scotland church in Dunnet, Caithness, northern Scotland. References to St Mary’s Parish Church are known from as far back as the 13th century, and there are pre-16th century gravestones in the churchyard. It undoubtedly has pre-reformation origins, and the cartographer Timothy Pont was a notable minister here in 1610.

</doc>
<doc id="20902620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902620" title="St Michael and All Angels Church, Lowfield Heath">
St Michael and All Angels Church, Lowfield Heath

St Michael and All Angels Church is a church in Lowfield Heath, a depopulated former village in the Borough of Crawley, a local government district with Borough status in West Sussex, England. Built by the Gothic Revival architect William Burges in 1867 to serve the village, it declined in importance as Lowfield Heath was gradually appropriated for the expansion of London Gatwick Airport and of its related development. The last Anglican service was held there in 2004, but the church reopened in 2008 as a Seventh-day Adventist place of worship. The building has Grade II* listed status, which identifies it as a "particularly important building of more than special interest" and of national importance. It is also the only building remaining in the former village from the era before the airport existed: every other structure was demolished, and the church now stands among warehouses, depots and light industrial units.
History.
The hamlet of Lowfield Heath began to develop on the heath of the same name, north of Crawley, after 1770 when the London to Brighton road was turnpiked. The road ran across the heath on its way to Crawley, and a few farms and houses were built close to it. The heath, which had been common land, was enclosed in 1827 and 1846, encouraging more residential development. Lowfield Heath grew into a small village, with amenities such as a school, public house and post office.
Lowfield Heath village, and the heath itself, straddled the county boundary between Surrey and Sussex, but the village was administratively part of Surrey and for ecclesiastical purposes lay within the Parish of Charlwood. A merchant donated some land in the centre of the village, which had been used to grow damsons, for the construction of a church. Architect William Burges, who had worked on The Great Exhibition in London and St Finbarre's Cathedral in Cork and who later built Cardiff Castle and Castell Coch in Wales, was employed to build a church on the site.
Work started in 1867, and the foundation stone was laid on 15 July of that year. The consecration ceremony took place on 1 December 1868. Despite its small size, the village continued to thrive for the next 80 years, and the church was considered its "architectural highlight". Its architectural merit received official recognition on 21 June 1948, when it was listed at Grade II*.
The village fell into steady decline in the 1950s when Gatwick Aerodrome was expanded to become London Gatwick Airport—London's second international airport. Between the early 1950s, when the Government announced its decision, and the early 1970s, when the White Lion public house and the last few houses were demolished, every original building in the village, except the church, was destroyed. Following the rapid expansion of nearby Crawley, and the extension of its ancient parish to include several churches and large parts of the New Town, St Michael and All Angels was transferred from the Parish of Charlwood to the Parish of Crawley, thereby coming under the control of the parish church of St John the Baptist's and the Diocese of Chichester. This happened despite the church and the remains of the village still being administratively in Surrey. (The area was transferred to the newly created county of West Sussex in 1974, removing this anomaly. Since 1 April 1974, therefore, the church has been within the Borough of Crawley.)
A special service was held at the church in 1989 to commemorate the loss of the village. A plaque was unveiled by the entrance door:
Architecture.
William Burges adopted a French Gothic style, similar to that popular in the 13th century, for his design for St Michael and All Angels. The exterior is of small, regular blocks of mostly undressed yellow sandstone quarried from the nearby St Leonard's Forest. Bath Stone is also used sparingly as a dressing material. The building has a tower at the southwest corner with a shingled timber spire, a narthex at the western end (with a large rose window in the west face), a vestry on the north side and a chancel and nave. Carved panels surround the rose window, representing the Four Ages of Man. The roofs of the main body of the church are quite steep, and internally are built of pine in an arch formation with tie-beams and supported by king posts. Paired columns mounted on corbels support the chancel arch. Burges was responsible for many of the sculptures and carvings inside the church, and there are some stained glass windows from the 19th and 20th centuries. The east wall has a pair of lancet windows and a small rose window.
The church today.
The Diocese of Chichester stopped using the church for services in 2004, and sought to dispose of the building. In March 2008 it allowed a Seventh-day Adventist congregation to use it as its place of worship. Horley Seventh-Day Adventist Church was formed in May 2005 as a church plant of an Adventist community in the Hackbridge area of London, and was formally established in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20902621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902621" title="Lowfield Heath">
Lowfield Heath

Lowfield Heath is a former village within the boundaries of the Borough of Crawley, West Sussex, England. Situated on the main London to Brighton road approximately south of London and north of Crawley, it was gradually rendered uninhabitable by the expansion of London Gatwick Airport immediately to the north.
Houses and village amenities were steadily demolished between the 1950s and the 1970s, and only one original building — St Michael and All Angels Church, built in 1867 — remains, although there are various buildings on the site which serve the airport. The village took its name from an area of heathland of the same name, parts of which still survive, and a few houses and farms away from the old village centre survive and are still described as being in Lowfield Heath. A windmill stood in the area until it was moved to nearby Charlwood in 1987, and is also still referred to as the Lowfield Heath windmill.
Origins.
A large area of common land, consisting of heathland on top of Weald Clay, straddled the border between the counties of Surrey and Sussex north of Crawley. An ancient oak tree, the "County Oak", stood on the heath for centuries and marked the traditional boundary. (This tree was eventually cut down in the 1840s, but its name survives in a retail park and industrial area near the present Manor Royal estate in the north of Crawley.) Most of the heath, including the section in which the village developed, was north of the county boundary, on the Surrey side, and this area was in the Parish of Charlwood. The small section which lay within Sussex—consisting of the part southwest of the County Oak—was in the Parish of Ifield. The land is low-lying, flat and often damp, as the River Mole rises nearby and is fed by many tributaries.
Although it was known about in the Domesday era, Lowfield Heath does not appear to have been named until the 14th century, when a man called Lowe lived locally. "Lowe Heath" became corrupted into "Lowfeild Heath" , "Lovel Heath" and "Lovell Heath" by the 18th century. In the early 18th century, an Act of Parliament granted by King William III authorised the construction of of roadway from Reigate to Crawley. This crossed the heath, thereby encouraging development. The road was widened and made into a toll road in 1755, and became part of the main London to Brighton route in 1770 when an Act of Parliament was passed to widen and improve the road all the way from "the County Oak on Lovell Heath" to Brighton. For the first time, the London to Brighton route was fully turnpiked.
Development of the village.
Intermittent and haphazard development around the heath, consisting of farms and individual houses, had begun by 1700, when Oak Cottage and County Oak Cottage were built. These were at the extreme southwest corner of the heath, west of the London Road, and still survive as listed buildings; they have been converted into offices in the Amberley Court development within the County Oak industrial area. However, the core of the village was much further north, around the crossroads between the London to Brighton road (running from north to south) and the Charlwood road and its eastward continuation as the village street, Church Road. This only started to develop as a proper settlement after the common land began to be enclosed in 1827. The first section of land to be enclosed was around the windmill; the expectation of increased development of the land led to the miller applying for an injunction stopping the enclosure, which was unsuccessful. More land was enclosed in 1846, and by 1855 the routes of the roads across the heath became fixed.
Gradually, a small village developed around the crossroads. Many of its buildings were timber-framed, but its "architectural highlight", St Michael and All Angels Church, was built of yellow sandstone in 1867 by the architect William Burges. By 1900, the hamlet had reached its greatest size: it consisted of several houses, a public house (the White Lion), a tearoom, a school, a shop and post office, the church, some small manufacturing businesses and the windmill, which had stopped working around twenty years earlier. Also at this time, when Crawley was experiencing a period of Victorian-era growth, demand for bricks led to temporary brickyards being set up in and around the village.
Little changed until the 1950s; the creation in the mid-1930s of Gatwick Aerodrome, as it was then, had no significant effect on the village. The facility was small, and the focus of activity was around the "Beehive" terminal building which was some distance to the northeast. However, the decision to expand it into an international airport, resulting from its designation as London's second airport behind Heathrow, quickly resulted in Lowfield Heath's decline and demise. The aerodrome, as it still was, had been effectively at risk of closure until 1948, despite the local council's promise to develop it, and Stansted was expected to be chosen by the Government as the site for London's second airport. The new chairman of British European Airways, Peter Masefield, preferred Gatwick, however, and by 1950 the council had been told to prepare for Gatwick's redevelopment and expansion. The Government announced this in 1952, but by that time locals knew what was going to happen.
The expansion required the building of a full-size runway on an approximately east–west alignment, immediately north of the Charlwood Road and Church Road. Throughout the 1950s, houses and other buildings were compulsorily purchased and demolished; houses unaffected by this (mainly those on the south and east sides of the village) were gradually depopulated as well as the village became an increasingly unattractive place to live. Property developers saw potential for the land to be used for warehousing and light industrial development; proximity to the airport and the main road were advantageous. The road was diverted and upgraded in 1956, the same year as construction work started on the airport: the section running northwards from Crawley became a dual carriageway, and approximately south of the village crossroads, the road was diverted sharply to the east at a new roundabout, continuing straight across an undeveloped section of the heath and around the newly defined perimeter of the airport until it met the London–Brighton railway line, at which point it turned north again. Other access roads were severed at the same time, and the old course of the London Road was blocked by a gate next to the runway. The only access to Lowfield Heath village was then along the downgraded "Old Brighton Road" from the new roundabout, or from the rural road from Charlwood. This further increased its isolation, and the remaining buildings were hemmed in between the diverted road and the airport perimeter fence. Apart from the church, the last vestiges of the old village disappeared in the early 1970s, when the White Lion public house and a few remaining houses were demolished.
The boundary between Surrey and West Sussex was amended in 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 and its follow-up Act, the Charlwood and Horley Act 1974. Charlwood village remained in Surrey, but a large part of its former parish was transferred to West Sussex, including all of the land covered by Gatwick Airport. The whole of Lowfield Heath was included in this transfer. From 1 April 1974, therefore, Lowfield Heath became part of the Borough of Crawley and the county of West Sussex.
The area today.
Lowfield Heath still appears on maps. The name defines both the development around the old church, where the nucleus of the former village was, and the area of mostly undeveloped heathland whose approximate boundaries are the County Oak industrial area, Poles Lane, the airport's southern perimeter road and the main London Road (the A23).
St Michael and All Angels Church is the only building surviving from before the expansion of Gatwick Airport. It is surrounded by a mixture of warehouses, car showrooms, light industrial units, small offices and storage units. The largest building is a Travelodge hotel, marketed as "Travelodge Gatwick Airport", on the northeast corner of the crossroads. Along the Charlwood Road there are large car parks for airport passengers.
The church is nominally within the Anglican parish of Crawley, under the parish church of St John the Baptist's, but it is no longer used as an Anglican place of worship. After the last service in 2004, the Diocese of Chichester retained the building until March 2008, when it allowed a Seventh-day Adventist congregation to move in. It is now the venue for the Horley Seventh-Day Adventist Church, which was formally established in January 2008. The building had been listed at Grade II* in 1948, giving it some protection against demolition or significant alteration.
A Royal British Legion social club survived at Lowfield Heath until 2008. Built in 1948 on the Charlwood Road, the club attracted members from the village and surrounding areas, but slowly declined as the population fell. For many years, even after the village became depopulated, airport workers could walk straight off the runway and on to the road by the clubhouse, but increased airport security led to the permanent blocking of that route. The club closed in July 2007 and was sold a year later.

</doc>
<doc id="20902629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902629" title="Crask of Aigas">
Crask of Aigas

Crask of Aigas is a small hamlet lying 7 km southwest of Beauly, in the council area of Highland council area of Scotland.The scattered hamlet of Aigas lies a short distance to the southwest.
Crask of Aigas is located on the hill overlooking the River Beauly. The main street is a cul-de-sac with the old village smithy building at its end. 
The translation of the Gaelic name of the village is "The Place Before the Place Beyond." 

</doc>
<doc id="20902649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902649" title="29th parallel north">
29th parallel north

The 29th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 29 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 14 hours, 0 minutes during the summer solstice and 10 hours, 18 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 29° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20902660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902660" title="POSCO India">
POSCO India

POSCO India Private Limited (commonly POSCO India or Posco-India) is an Indian subsidiary of Korean conglomerate POSCO.
Its parent company POSCO signed a memorandum of understanding in June 2005 with the state government of Odisha to construct a $12 billion steel plant. Various regulatory delays and controversies prevented the company from starting construction. The memorandum expired in June 2011, and as of April 2012, it has not been renewed. Apart from Odisha, POSCO India has project sites in the Karnataka state.
History.
POSCO signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in June 2005, to incorporate an Indian subsidiary and build a steel plant in Odisha. Posco India was incorporated by POSCO in August 2005 with the Registrar of Companies, Odisha, under India's Companies Act 1956.
Odisha.
According to the MoU of 2005, POSCO agreed to invest in the Jagatsinghpur district of Odisha to establish an integrated plant to manufacture steel, mine iron ore and other ores, as well as the infrastructure necessary for its operation in Odisha. The MoU listed the following understanding between POSCO and the state of Odisha:
As of June 2012, controversies and regulatory delays have prevented Posco India's Odisha project to proceed beyond the concept. Posco India has no mining or manufacturing operations in Odisha
Karnataka.
In addition to its attempt to establish a steel plant Odisha, Posco-India considered alternate sites for a steel plant. In June 2010, Posco signed a memorandum of understanding with the state of Karnataka at the Global Investors Meet in Bangalore. This memorandum envisions a 6 MMT per year steel plant based on Posco's high efficiency, low environment impact FINEX technology. In May 2011, under mandated stock exchange disclosurer rules, Posco confirmed the memorandum of understanding for the steel works in the state of Karnataka; with a cautionary note that POSCO has not made any decisive plans to implement the Project due to the fact that the Government of Karnataka has yet to confirm certain investment plans for the Project.
The government of Karnataka took a different approach to land acquisition for Posco project than the government of Odisha. The state of Karnataka announced that it will not acquire land on a lot-by-lot basis, rather the land acquisition will be on complete consensus, on all-or-none, and will involve simultaneous negotiations at multiple locations in different parts of the state of Karnataka. In July 2011, the state of Karnataka announced that it is currently working on land acquisition for Posco-India project in the following districts: Gadag, Bagalkot, Bijapur, Raichur and Yadgir.
Controversies.
Posco India expected to start steel plant construction promptly after signing the 2005 MoU. However, the company was unable to start construction because of social and environmental controversies.
A year after the 2005 MoU was signed, India's parliament passed a new law, which directly affected Posco-India. This law, The Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006, is also commonly called as the Forests Rights Act. The law granted certain rights to forest-dwelling communities in India, including the use of forest land and other resources. This law has been controversial and is opposed by environmentalists and wildlife conservationists, who petition that the law makes it impossible to protect forests from human presence and use, and for the purposes of ecological and wildlife conservation. The Forests Rights Act was published in 2007, and became effective in 2008. This law was retroactively applied to the Posco-India project.
India's Supreme Court examined the facts related to the state government of Odisha's initiatives to enter into MoU to encourage economic growth in the state, and whether such development meets the intent of ecological and environmental laws of India. On 8 August 2008, the Supreme Court ruled in favour of the state of Odisha, in Case Law I.A. number 2134 of 2007, titled T.N. Godavaraman Thirumulpad vs. Union of India, State of Odisha and others. In their ruling, the Supreme Court justices wrote, "the State of Odisha to be associated with Special Purpose Vehicle in order to ensure implementation of proper schemes for the development of the tribal area and in our Order it has not been suggested for incorporation of the Special Purpose Vehicle to take over the mines which have been leased out by State of Odisha to the lessee. The reason is obvious. We cannot change leases/MoUs/joint venture agreements signed between the parties at earlier point of time which have been approved by the Ministry of Mines, Government of India, and other Authorities. The object for passing the Order was to strike a balance between development and environmental protection. The Lanjigarh tehsil in Kalahandi district, as stated in our Order dated 23.11.07, faces abject poverty. At the same time the area is eco-sensitive area. We have tried to strike a balance in order to subserve the principle of Sustainable Development."
The August 2008 ruling by Supreme Court of India also instructed the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) of India to examine, and then if appropriate, grant approval under the law. The Ministry of Environment and Forests of India accepted the ruling and examined the facts and reviewed the facts under Indian laws, including the Forests Rights Act. The review process included a committee that visited Odisha many times, including the Posco-India's planned site, the villages, the Forests covering the proposed plant site and iron ore mining area, environmentalists, ecologists, social activists, farmers, and families that may be affected by the proposed Posco-India initiative. The review process by Ministry of Environment and Forests of India took over 2.5 years.
N. C. Saxena committee.
In July 2010, a nineteen member NC Saxena committee visited Odisha and made a very public denouncement about the non-recognition of forest rights by the Government of Odisha and violation of the Forest Rights Act, in the forest areas proposed to be diverted for the POSCO India project. The committee urged the Ministry of Environment and Forests of Government of India to withdraw the clearance given to the State Government for diversion of the forest land. In August 2010, the Ministry of Environment and Forests of the Government of India, in response to the claims of NC Saxena committee, issued a stop work order. The order directed that all land acquisition and transfer for Posco India project, including handing over of the forest and non-forest land be stopped forthwith, and details submitted to the Ministry. The state government of Odisha and Posco India respected the stop work order from the central government of India.
Meena Gupta committee.
Later, a four member Meena Gupta committee was appointed by the Government of India. This committee claimed to have conducted intensive enquiry by consulting a large number of documents, field visits and meeting a large number of people (including officials of Odisha government, local affected inhabitants, NGOs and civil society and experts in concerned fields). The committee after examining various social, ecological and environmental issues, returned a split report to the government of India in October 2010:
After the government of Odisha and Posco India announced the MoU and its planned location in 2005, the opposition to the POSCO project was widespread in all the eight villages where it was supposed to be sited. Subsequently, a number of the villagers changed their opinion, according to the Meena Gupta report. The report claimed that the reason for change in opinion were: the realisation that not all eight villages but only two hamlets would be fully displaced, and a small part of Gadakujang; they also realised that most of the land that would be given was government land, not private land; the fairly liberal compensation package, and the possibility of jobs for their children in the future. As of October 2010, the report claimed, in almost every village, except one, the villagers are almost equally divided between supporters of the POSCO project and opponents of the project. One village, Dhinkia, however, has remained steadfastly opposed to the project; so much so that the villagers drove out of the village the few families that were favourably inclined towards the project. The villagers of Dhinkia also started, the report claimed, a blockade of the village to prevent government or POSCO officials from entering the village.
The Meena Gupta committee report claimed political controversy is part of the scene: the Communist Party of India (CPI) strongly opposes the project, the Communist Party of India – Marxist (CPM) is not opposed to the project if it is shifted a little and if Paradeep port is used instead of a separate captive port. Several other parties, across the spectrum, were not opposed to Posco India, in fact they said they welcomed it, but the present location of Posco, the lack of consultation with other political parties, the issues of water to the plant were cited as some of the reasons for their objection. The Meena Gupta committee also report claimed the POSCO project is an integrated project encompassing different components like the township, pipeline, road and transportation etc. These, the committee claimed, have been left out of the scope of its initial environment impact analysis. Such partial environment impact analysis was insufficient, the full environmental impact of the entire project is necessary. One of the committee members, Dr. Suresh. sought a clarification from Posco India and the government of Odisha. Both of these parties along regional office of Ministry of Environment – Government of India cooperated and delivered a copy of comprehensive environmental impact analysis for steel plant, captive port and related infrastructure, to the Meena Gupta committee, as completed by July 2007. Some members of the committee note that this comprehensive environment impact analysis should have been completed in 2005, not in 2007. Three committee members claim that clearances granted in past should have been limited to the scope of the initial environment impact analysis of 2005 for 4 Million Metric Tonne (MMT) plant. The clearances for the entire 12 MMT plant and port, the committee suggests, should be based on the 2007 comprehensive environment impact analysis.
In October 2010, Posco India issued a press release in response to media coverage of Meena Gupta Committee report. The company categorically stated that it never violated any law or procedure for obtaining any governmental clearance whatsoever required for the project. Posco India further stated it has experienced an unexpected delay in initiating project work because certain circumstances, laws and legal procedures within India have been changing between 2005 and 2010. The company claimed that since the time of signing of the memorandum of understanding in 2005, it has set and followed high standards of environment protection and corporate governance, while involving all stakeholders.
2011–2012 developments.
On 31 January 2011, the Ministry of Environment and Forests of India gave final clearance to the Posco-India project, subject to the state of Odisha and Posco-India meeting additional conditions. The clearance document included the findings of its review. The Ministry of Environment and Forests, claiming the need to protect the environment, forests and those affected by Posco-India, included 60 new conditions on the project — 28 for the steel plant and 32 for the captive port.
The June 2005 MoU expired in June 2011. The state government of Odisha stated that it intends to replace the expired MoU, and sign a new and revised MoU with POSCO. As of September 2011, the MOU renewal remains a subject of negotiation between POSCO India and the state government of Odisha, because the state has proposed changes and new conditions to the original MOU signed in June 2005.
On 14 June 2011 Odisha government paused land acquisition at the proposed steel plant of Posco in Dhinkia gram panchayat (village). On 8 September 2011 Odisha High Court ruled that land acquisition is in public interest, allowed non-private land acquisition by state government for POSCO India to proceed, and ordered a continued pause on the acquisition of private land till further ruling.
In 25 November 2011 Abhay Sahu, the leader of the anti-Posco movement in Odisha, was arrested over his alleged involvement in several criminal cases. Sahu was the head of Posco Pratirodh Sangram Samiti (PPSS), a Communist Party of India backed organisation, that had been convincing villagers in Odisha and organising opposition to the Posco investment in Odisha. Police officials claimed Sahu was arrested over the death of a woman allegedly due to dowry demands. The police also claimed that there were additional criminal charges against Sahu. He was a member of Communist Party of India's state politburo, and in his direction PPSS was claimed to be the main hurdle to Posco India project in Odisha.
In 2012, POSCO India and Paradip Port Trust studied possibilities for using the existing Paradip Port facilities for steel export from the planned steel mill.
Claimed benefits from POSCO India project.
India’s National Council of Applied Economic Research completed and published in January 2007, its report on the social cost benefit analysis of Posco India project. This research team considered two alternatives: producing steel within the state of Odisha versus mining the iron ore, exporting it and importing the steel. The report claimed mining iron ore and producing steel locally in the state of Odisha is significantly better option for India, over the option of India exporting lower cost iron ore overseas, encouraging other countries to produce the steel, and then India importing the higher cost produced steel. The report also claims:
These claimed benefits are disputed as incomplete. For example, activists claim that land acquisition for Posco India will adversely affect betel farmers who in recent decades encroached upon government land to farm betel leaves and claim to earn INR 10 to 1750,000 (US$30,000) per hectare per year from growing betel leaves for paan.

</doc>
<doc id="20902678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902678" title="Reuven Hammer">
Reuven Hammer

Reuven Hammer (born 1933, Syracuse, New York) is a Conservative Jewish rabbi, scholar of Jewish liturgy, author and lecturer. He is a founder of the Masorti movement in Israel and a past president of the International Rabbinical Assembly. He served many years as head of the Masorti Beth Din in Israel. A prolific writer in both the Israeli and international press, he is a regular columnist for "The Jerusalem Post" "Tradition Today" column. He lives in Jerusalem.
Biography.
Hammer earned his doctorate in theology and his rabbinical ordination from the Jewish Theological Seminary.
As president of the 1,500-member Rabbinical Assembly of the Conservative movement in Israel, Hammer authored the movement's official commentary on the prayer book, "Or Hadash: A Commentary on Siddur Sim Shalom for Shabbat and Festivals", published in March 2003. This work contains the complete text of Siddur Sim Shalom for Shabbat and festivals, surrounded by a comprehensive commentary. The page layout loosely resembles that of the Talmud. In 2008 Rabbi Hammer, also authored the commentary for "Or Hadash: A Commentary on Siddur Sim Shalom for Weekdays".
From October 2005 to July 2007 Hammer was the Interim Rabbi at the New London Synagogue in London, England.
Torah scholarship.
Hammer's Torah scholarship is diametrically opposed to that of Haredi Judaism, which bases its understanding on classic Midrashim and Torah commentators. Unlike Maimonides, who stressed knowledge over faith, Hammer stresses faith over knowledge, stating, "It is belief and not reason that will determine what one thinks (about what the Bible says and how to behave)".
Honors and awards.
In 2003 Hammer was named to the Forward 50 as one of the most influential Jews in the American Jewish community for his achievements as president of the Rabbinical Assembly. That same year, he received the Simon Greenberg Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Rabbinate by the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies of the University of Judaism (now the American Jewish University).
His books "Sifre: A Taanaitic commentary on the Book of Deuteronomy" (1986) and "Entering the High Holy Days: A guide to origins, themes, and prayers" (2005) were awarded the National Jewish Book Award as the best book of scholarship for their respective years.
Bibliography.
The Torah Revolution:Fourteen Truths That Changed The World, Jewish Lights, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20902686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902686" title="Academic grading in Morocco">
Academic grading in Morocco

Grading system in Morocco is mostly a 20-point grading scale, it is used in secondary schools as well as in universities.
Most of the time, the formal grades used in Morocco are not considered in graduate programs acceptance for some misunderstanding reasons : for instance, a grade of 12 (which is actually a passable grade in Morocco but equivalent to 60% in the US where it is considered a below average) is generally a good starting grade to apply for graduate studies and financial aids or scholarships.
This is due to a severe testing and evaluation system employed in most Moroccan universities. Generally, at the national level, a grade of 12 or above is considered a good grade.
This is why some European universities use a different admission requirement for Moroccan students. Morocco's neighboring countries, Algeria and Tunisia, have a very similar grading system.
Morocco – besides these two countries – is deemed as endowed by a high academic standard, and draconian selection criteria and benchmarks for its students.
The Grading System
The Moroccan grading system ranges from 0 to 20. It would be inaccurate to merely multiply a Moroccan grade by a factor 5 to find its Canadian or USA equivalent. A score 20 signifies perfection and is virtually never given. Score of 19 and 18 are equally rarely given. Depending on the subject and level, a 16 is an excellent grade. In yet other circumstances, a 12 may also be considered as an excellent grade, this especially so when it comes to the Social Sciences or humanities. 
Theoretically an average student was rated 11/20; a brilliant student scored - 15/20. Practically most of the academic institutions had an average grade below 10; grades over 12/20 rated the best 10 to 15% of the class. 
In many systems, the full scale of grades is divided not only between pass and fail, but into various "classes" or "categories" corresponding to broad "quality labels" assigned to a certain bracket of numerical grades. Thus, in the United Kingdom, there are "First Class," "Second Class" (divided between upper and lower sub-classes) and "Third Class" performers, while French, German or Spanish students may be labeled in a similar way as, for example, Passable (Average), Gut (Good) or Sobresaliente (Outstanding).
The meaning of these labels in their own context is tainted by culture and tradition. Thus, a British "Third Class" (a pass mark, but usually given only to a relatively small number of very borderline students) is very different from a Moroccan Passable (a widely used label that normally applies to the vast majority of pass grades). However tempting it may be, equating "passable" with "Third Class" because they both correspond to the lowest label of "pass grades" would fail to take into account their real meaning.
As a consequence, conversion scales should pay considerable attention to categories/classes of grades. A first priority should be to make certain that this core piece of information is correctly rendered when converting foreign grades; fine-tuning within each particular class/category is only a subordinate exercise: what matters in Britain is whether the grade is a "First" or not, not whether it is a 71 or a 72. This observation is particularly relevant when converting grades from systems using a broad numerical scale into, for example, the U.S. system which usually has only three pass grades (or categories) corresponding to the letters A, B, and C. In the United States, a "D" may also be considered a passing grade, but not for transfer purposes.
The need to pay attention to grade classes reinforces the conclusion that linear methods, which ignore class boundaries, are nothing but fallacious and dangerous oversimplifications. They distort the original message in the same way as a word-for-word check in a bilingual dictionary: for each word there is a corresponding word in the other language, but the sequence of words thus obtained almost certainly means something different (or nothing at all) in the target language.
Mathematical Formulas Fail to Capture the Message
Both in Europe and in the United States, there have been numerous recent attempts to put together automatic, mathematical formulas that "calculate" foreign grades in the national grading system of the user. However, these formulas do not produce figures that are a reliable and fair reflection of the message conveyed by the original grade. Their main shortfall is that they cannot adequately deal with certain key characteristics of grading systems:
• Grading systems are not linear and are often characterized by a strongly skewed distribution of grades actually given to students. While American or Italian teachers would use the upper part of their grading scales (albeit in different ways), others (e.g., French and British) in practice hardly ever use the top 20% of their scale. For this reason, proposals based on linear formulas can produce devastating results: I recently saw the case of a German student in France who achieved a 15 (quite a good grade) which was converted into a German 2.5 (a rather mediocre one); on the contrary, a British student who gets a 27/30 in Italy would have every reason to be pleased if that grade were linearly calculated to correspond to a British 90/100!
• Many grading systems are not continuous, but divided into several "classes" or "categories" which correspond to broad levels of performance. This means that a small difference in numbers may conceal a substantial difference in meaning when a "class" limit is crossed: in the United Kingdom, a grade of 70 classified as "First Class" is very different from a 69 ("Second Class"), while the same small difference of 1 point is irrelevant between the grades of 54 and 55 (both "Lower Second Class").
• Grading differs not only between countries, but there are, as well, marked differences in grading traditions and policies depending on the type and level of the grading institution, the field of
study, or even the type of grade (final examination, mid-term, paper, or average computed from various grade items).
Taking France as an example, it is well known that grades at "classes préparatoires," which recruit among the best students on their way to "Grandes Ecoles," tend to be particularly low, with, for example, 11/20 seen as quite a strong grade, while the pass mark in France is usually an average of 10/20 calculated on all subjects. There may also be minimum pass grades per subject set at a lower level, for example, 8/20. 
The distribution of grades tends to be different between certain quantitative fields (with grades distributed over the whole range) and the non-quantitative fields (where grades are more concentrated in the middle, and the upper part of the scale is seldom used). Thus, even within a given country, a grade may have a "normal," intuitive, abstract meaning which needs to be adjusted (up or downwards) depending on a whole series of factors relating both to who gave it and who interprets it.
From the above observations, my main conclusion is that foreign grades are not just numbers that can be calculated by applying a mathematical formula, but a message that needs first to be understood in the original system and in a second stage interpreted by users in their own system.
Simple mathematical formulas with their claim to universality are nothing but a fallacious oversimplification of a reality they fail to capture
This, however, does not mean that the process of foreign grade interpretation cannot be organized in an efficient, expedient way based on a thorough effort to understand the message that grades carry. It is possible to draw up tables ("grade equivalence chart," "grade concordance scale") that render a grade's "normal" or "average" meaning in another grading system, first on a bilateral basis and then in a more multi-lateral context. But this exercise has more to do with the complexity of human language than with mathematics. It takes more listening, modesty and flexibility rather than a doctrinal attitude and a creed in universal formulas/answers. More specifically, the drawing up of tables that can genuinely serve as a basis for interpreting foreign grades is only possible if a certain number of key considerations are observed. The remainder of the article presents six principles that could guide future developments in the area of foreign grade handling.

</doc>
<doc id="20902696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902696" title="Thuldai">
Thuldai

Thuldai (, translation: Big Brother) is a 1999 Nepali film directed by Dayaram Dahal and features music by Shambhujeet Baskota. The film has a star cast that includes Jal Shah, Shiv Shrestha, Niruta Singh, and Sunil Thapa.

</doc>
<doc id="20902715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902715" title="The Green Bible">
The Green Bible

The Green Bible is an English version of the New Revised Standard Version Bible with a focus on environmental issues and teachings. It was originally published by Harper Bibles on October 7, 2008. It is a study Bible featuring essays by N.T. Wright, Barbara Brown Taylor, Brian McLaren, Matthew Sleeth, Pope John Paul II, and Wendell Berry.
Background.
The Green Bible is meant to “equip and encourage to see God's vision for creation and help [them engage in the work of healing and sustaining it”. Emphasizing what the publishers see as the Bible’s message on the environment, all passages mentioning the environment are printed in green ink to draw the reader’s attention.
Inspiration.
Mark Tauber, senior vice-president of HarperOne, has stated that the Green Bible was developed with the intention of being “the first ever specialty bible that takes the issues of sustainability, stewardship of the earth, what many in the religious community call ‘creation care’ very seriously” He went further, exposing on the Green Bible’s purpose: “That the Bible has a profound message of sustainability—some might argue, the original message—is not all that surprising. What is surprising is that it is not one of the first things that comes to mind when most folks think about the Bible and its message... this Bible seeks to change that fact. We believe that the unique and specially added features by some of today's most important thinkers, writers and leaders, across the ecumenical spectrum make it a must-have for those who already find motivation, comfort and inspiration in it and for the many more who might see it freshly as a critical resource in their journey to sustain our planet”.
HarperOne also claims the Bible contains more references to the environment than it does about love or most other subjects.
Construction.
The Green Bible is meant to be a study bible, and features a “green trail study guide” of the Bible, directing readers to specific verses on the environment and stewardship
. Additionally, it features a topical index for finding verses pertaining to specific subjects. Before the biblical text, the Green Bible provides an introduction from Archbishop Desmond Tutu and essays from Brian McLaren, Cal DeWitt, Barbara Brown Taylor, Pope John Paul II, Ellen Davis, N. T. Wright, Ellen Bernstein, Matthew Sleeth, James Jones, and Gordon Aeschliman. Verses involving the environment or the earth are highlighted in green to draw reader’s attention.
Notable theologians including Archbishop Desmond Tutu and conservative N.T. Wright contributed material to the edition’s supplemental reading. To further support the green cause, HarperCollins printed the Green Bible on recycled paper, used soy-based ink, and made the cover from renewable cotton linen.
Reception.
The Sierra Club, The Humane Society, and the Eco-Justice Program have all officially endorsed the Green Bible. Reaction to the Green Bible among Christian leaders has been mixed. Some leaders have praised the concept of the Green Bible, but have raised issues with how some content is presented, stating that the environmental message deemphasizes the Bible’s central message of the Gospels. Richard Land, head of the Southern Baptist Convention’s Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission said about the edition: “Sure it's important, but when they asked Jesus what was most important, he said, 'Love your God, and love your neighbor as yourself.' He didn't say anything about creation”.
Evangelist Matthew Sleeth stated that the Green Bible may help bridge the gap between liberal and conservative Christians.
Reception among political leaders.
Reception to the Green Bible has also been differed among political leaders. Larry Schweiger, President of the National Wildlife Federation praised the Green Bible for giving “solid context” for environmentalism. In contrast some Conservatives, like talk show host Pat Gray, accuse the Green Bible of merely being a marketing gimmick and money-making scheme for HarperCollins.

</doc>
<doc id="20902744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902744" title="Institute of Technology (United States)">
Institute of Technology (United States)

Polytechnic Institutes are technological universities many dating back to the mid 19th century. A handful of American universities include the phrases Institute of Technology, Polytechnic Institute, Polytechnic University, University of Technology or similar phrasing in their names; these are generally research-intensive universities with a focus on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
In the lists below, an asterisk (*) denotes research-intensive public or private universities that offer up to PhD or DSc degrees.
Technological universities.
Contrast to technical colleges.
Conversely, schools dubbed "technical colleges" or "technical institutes" generally provide post-secondary training in technical and mechanical fields focusing on training vocational skills primarily at a community college level -- parallel and sometimes equivalent to the first two years at a bachelor's-granting institution. The academic level of these schools varies by course of study; some courses are geared toward immediate employment in a trade, while others are designed to transfer into a four-year program. Some of these technical institutes are for-profit organizations (such as ITT Technical Institute) compared to most other non-profit educational institutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20902754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902754" title="Christian Skaters">
Christian Skaters

The Christian Skaters International Ministry is a non-denominational Christian mission movement focusing on skateboarders. It was founded in the early 2000s and formed as a US non-profit in 2005 and UK in 2008.
Christian Skaters works with skate ministries in over 90 different countries around the globe. Ministries have been launched in the UK, Germany, Honduras, Cairo, Africa, and Australia.
Christian Skaters also co-hosts Skate Conferences in the United States, the UK, and South Africa.
Christian Skaters also runs skate missions to help build skateparks and ramps, helps host events, camps, skate comps, and proselytizes through surf and skate trade shows like Action Sports Retailer and the Surf Expo.
References.
www.thisizmystory.com http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHdo7iZUfEA

</doc>
<doc id="20902756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902756" title="Pillanleufú River">
Pillanleufú River

Pillanleufù River (Mapudungun for "river of the pillán") is a river in Futrono, southern Chile. It drains waters from the southern and eastern slopes of Mocho-Choshuenco volcano to Maihue Lake, which in turn flows by Calcurrupe River into Ranco Lake. The river flows in a north-south direction along the Liquiñe-Ofqui Fault.

</doc>
<doc id="20902762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902762" title="List of foreign ministers in 2009">
List of foreign ministers in 2009

This is a list of foreign ministers in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20902763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902763" title="List of institutions using the term &quot;institute of technology&quot; or &quot;polytechnic&quot;">
List of institutions using the term &quot;institute of technology&quot; or &quot;polytechnic&quot;

A list of institutions using the term institute of technology or polytechnic. Institute of technology is a designation employed for a wide range of learning institutions awarding different types of degrees and operating often at variable levels of the educational system. The English term polytechnic appeared in the early 19th century, from the French École Polytechnique, engineering school founded in 1794 in Paris. The French term comes from the Greek πολύ ("polú" or "polý") meaning "many" and τεχνικός ("tekhnikós") meaning "arts". While the terms "institute of technology" and "polytechnic" are synonymous, the preference concerning which one is the preferred term varies from country to country.
University level.
There are many university level higher learning institutions granting the highest academic degrees (including doctorate), that use the terms "institute of technology" or "polytechnic" for historic reasons:
Other higher education.
There are many other types of higher education institutions (post-secondary education) which are not universities and use the terms "institute of technology" or "polytechnic":
Secondary education.
There are also secondary education schools using that word:

</doc>
<doc id="20902771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902771" title="Sébastien Briat">
Sébastien Briat

Sébastien Briat was an anti-nuclear activist from Meuse, France who gained international media attention in 2004 when he was struck and killed by a train carrying nuclear waste near Avricourt, France, after chaining himself to the tracks while participating in a protest against nuclear power. Briat was 21 years old at the time. A local Green leader highlighted the wider significance of the incident as an illustration of the protestors' security and safety concerns relating to the transport: "A train could hit something at any moment, and there's nothing that the SNCF nor the organisations which are meant to provide security can do about it."
According to The New York Times, Briat was "surprised by the train." The train was carrying 12 containers of waste from German nuclear power plants, which had been reprocessed in France, and was heading to Gorleben, Germany for storage. Briat was one of at least 4,500 people who attended the protest, which the New York Times said was "prompted by concerns about the safety of the nuclear material." 
The train's conductor hit the brakes as soon as he saw Briat, but because of momentum, was not able to stop the train in time to prevent it from hitting him. Briat's leg was severed by the train. As he did not die immediately, paramedics started to take him to the hospital, but he died before reaching the hospital. Germany has an agreement with France which allows Germany to send its nuclear waste to France for reprocessing, as long as Germany takes it back afterward for storage.
Afterward, it was reported that Briat had violated a number of key safety rules that protesters normally followed. Briat had chained himself shortly after a curve in the track, behind a hill, near a forest, which made it impossible for the conductor to see him in time to stop. In addition, Briat did not wait for the train to stop before chaining himself to the track. Finally, Briat did not have other protesters stationed further down the tracks to alert the conductor with smoke signals. More experienced protesters normally take safety precautions to avoid these mistakes. 
After Briat's death, anti-nuclear activists canceled similar protests along the same train route.

</doc>
<doc id="20902772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902772" title="Three Tuns, Pennsylvania">
Three Tuns, Pennsylvania

Three Tuns (also Three Tons) is an unincorporated community located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The community is in Upper Dublin Township, northeast of the Borough of Ambler and west of Horsham.
Three Tuns is located at the intersection of Butler Pike and Norristown Road, approximately southwest of Butler Pike's intersection with Pennsylvania Route 63 and approximately west of Norristown Road's intersection with Limekiln Pike.
Bean's 1884 "History of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania" describes Three Tuns as follows:
In 1896, a tree buried 10 feet below the surface was discovered. Intact, 18 feet long, it had turned completely to hematite. It was known locally as "The Iron Tree". 

</doc>
<doc id="20902780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902780" title="Pittsburgh and Western Railroad">
Pittsburgh and Western Railroad

The Pittsburgh and Western Railroad was a nineteenth-century narrow gauge railroad connecting Pittsburgh with coal supplies and the oil field around Titusville, Pennsylvania. Its right-of way formed the main line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west from Pittsburgh. It was reorganized in 1889 under Malcolm A. McDonald.
The railroad constructed another narrow gauge line from Callery Junction to Foxburg, Pennsylvania. This became known as the Northern Subdivision. In 1883 the railroad took control of line from Foxburg to Mount Jewett after the Pittsburgh, Bradford and Buffalo Railroad had financially flopped. The railroad would later merge with the Bradford, Bordell and Kinzua Railroad, and the Big Level and Kinzua Railroad. These mergers would prove to be ineffective; by 1902 these joint railways were in financial ruin.
In 1902, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) took control of the P&W. By 1911, the P&W was dissolved, and the B&O took over all operations. That same year, most of the narrow gauge was replaced by standard gauge track. The B&O would continue to operate the line until 1982 when it was acquired by Sloan Cornell of the Knox and Kane Railroad.
Trackage between Ribold and Butler, Pennsylvania, as well as the Petrolia Branch is used by the Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad. The Clarion Junction-Kane section ceased operations in 2006; it was abandoned in 2008 when the Knox and Kane Railroad was sold at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="20902791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902791" title="Charles Smith Forster">
Charles Smith Forster

Charles Smith Forster (1786 – 17 November 1850) was an English banker and Conservative politician who represented Walsall in the 19th century.
Forster was born at Walsall, the son of Charles Forster and his wife Hannah Westley. He became a banker and Mayor of Walsall, before being elected the first MP for Walsall in the reformed parliament of 1832. In 1845 he was High Sheriff of Staffordshire. 
Forster married Elizabeth Emery in 1813. His son Charles was also Member of Parliament for Walsall and became a baronet, of Lysways Hall 

</doc>
<doc id="20902803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902803" title="The Cedar Cultural Center">
The Cedar Cultural Center

The Cedar Cultural Center ("the Cedar") is a music venue in Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. It is a non-profit organization and operated by volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="20902815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902815" title="Michael Stich (director)">
Michael Stich (director)

Michael S. Stich is an American television soap opera director. On-screen, Stich is credited with his real name on "B&B", but as Mike Stich on "Y&R".
Positions held.
"The Bold and the Beautiful"
"The Young And The Restless"
"Capitol"
Awards and nominations.
Daytime Emmy Award
Directors Guild of America Award

</doc>
<doc id="20902817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902817" title="2000 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women">
2000 ABC Under-18 Championship for Women

The ABC Under-18 Championship for Women 2000 is the 15th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at New Delhi, India from December 16–22, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20902840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902840" title="List of civil parishes of County Down">
List of civil parishes of County Down

In Ireland Counties are divided into Civil Parishes and Parishes are further divided into townlands. The following is a list of parishes in County Down, Northern Ireland:
A.
Aghaderg, Annaclone, Annahilt, Ardglass, Ardkeen, Ardquin
B.
Ballee, Ballyculter, Ballykinler, Ballyphilip, Ballytrustan, Ballywalter, Bangor, Blaris, Bright
C.
Castleboy, Clonallan, Clonduff, Comber
D.
Donaghadee, Donaghcloney, Donaghmore, Down, Dromara, Dromore, Drumballyroney, Drumbeg, Drumbo, Drumgath, Drumgooland, Drummaul, Dundonald, Dunsfort
G.
Garvaghy, Grey Abbey
H.
Hillsborough, Holywood
I.
Inch, Inishargy
K.
Kilbroney, Kilclief, Kilcoo, Kilkeel, Killaney, Killinchy, Killyleagh, Kilmegan, Kilmood, Kilmore, Knockbreda
L.
Lambeg, Loughinisland
M.
Maghera, Magheradrool, Magherahamlet, Magheralin, Magherally, Moira
N.
Newry, Newtownards
R.
Rathmullan
S.
St Andrews (alias Ballyhalbert), Saintfield, Saul, Seapatrick, Shankill, Slanes
T.
Tullylish, Tullynakill, Tyrella
W.
Warrenpoint

</doc>
<doc id="20902867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902867" title="Suvi Raj Grubb">
Suvi Raj Grubb

Suvi Raj Grubb (7 October 191722 December 1999) was a South-Indian record producer who worked for EMI during the mid-20th Century, initially as assistant to Walter Legge, succeeding Legge on his resignation from EMI in 1964. He was accounted one of the foremost "tonmeisters" in the world by many contemporary musicians including Mstislav Rostropovich, Gerald Moore and Herbert von Karajan. He is widely acknowledged as a key figure in classical music recording from the 1960s up to his retirement in 1985.
Among his achievements was the discovery and promotion of the young Daniel Barenboim. He recorded many of the great classical musicians of the day including Otto Klemperer, Carlo Maria Giulini, Dame Janet Baker, André Previn (with whom he was nominated for the Grammy award for best orchestral recording in 1979) and Itzhak Perlman. He was responsible for the legendary 1953 recording of the Mozart horn concerti by Dennis Brain and the Philharmonia Orchestra under Herbert von Karajan, still reckoned to be the reference by which all recordings of the Mozart concerti are judged. 
Grubb's knowledge of Western music was founded on his early experiences of Christian hymns in his youth in India, where he was an organist and choirmaster alongside his career which saw him studying a BSc at Madras University and working in a technical capacity for All-India Radio. He emigrated to England with his wife, a doctor, in 1953, working freelance for the BBC, and in his spare time joined the Philharmonia Chorus. Through the Philharmonia he met Legge, who was the founder of the Philharmonia Orchestra, and was recruited to EMI after an exacting interview at which he demonstrated detailed knowledge of the Western classical repertoire.
His influence was such that in just three months he managed to arrange, book, record and release a record to celebrate the 70th birthday of accompanist Gerald Moore, including Yehudi Menuhin, Jacqueline du Pré, Daniel Barenboim, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Victoria de Los Angeles, Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Leon Goossens, Gervase de Peyer, and Nicolai Gedda. At one point these artists were queuing in the waiting room at EMI's studios for their allotted slots with Moore at the piano.
His close personal friendship with Barenboim led to the creation of a remarkable and poignant recording: in 1971, Jacqueline du Pré, Barenboim's wife, had already been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and had not played for a year. On one day she pronounced that she was feeling somewhat fitter, and Barenboim telephoned Grubb who used his position in EMI to secure an empty studio at Abbey Road where, over two days, he recorded Barenboim and du Pré in Frédéric Chopin's Cello Sonata in G minor and César Franck's Violin Sonata in A arranged as a cello sonata. This was du Pré's last recording. 
This period, from the mid-1960s to the mid-1980s, saw a change in the type of person entering the recording industry; technicians who were also appreciators of music were replaced with music graduates who were educated on the technical aspects. Grubb, as one of the old school, was an advocate of the naturalistic style of recording, where the aim was to faithfully reproduce the sound of a concert hall. Grubb was distinctly cool towards modernist music, and was a firm traditionalist. He counted Ralph Vaughan Williams and Benjamin Britten among his friends, but both these composers' styles had their roots in 19th Century classicism. He did, though, produce a number of important first recordings, including Dmitri Shostakovich’s Lady MacBeth of Mtsensk and Manuel de Falla’s Atlàntida. He also produced recordings of works by Béla Bartók and a 1967 recording of Ferruccio Busoni's piano concerto played by John Ogdon; it appears that he was influenced in these choices by his friendship with and trust towards the many exceptional musicians with whom he worked.
Grubb retired in 1985, living first in Spain and returning to India in 1992. He died in Pune in 1999.
There are many accounts of Grubb's involvement in the music industry in the memoirs of performers of the time, notably Sir John Barbirolli, André Previn, Daniel Barenboim and Gerald Moore, and Grubb also wrote a memoir entitled "Music makers on record", for which Barenboim wrote an introduction.

</doc>
<doc id="20902882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902882" title="Utmanzai">
Utmanzai

Utmanzai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20902893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902893" title="Integrated Strategies">
Integrated Strategies

Integrated Strategies is a global management consulting firm specializing in supply chain, strategic sourcing, logistics and Six-Sigma. Founded in 1990, the company has worked with over 200 companies around the world, and is known for two things: taking out price/costs while enhancing supply chain performance, and transferring the knowledge, content and tools to clients so they can replicate and sustain the results without external help. The company reports its team averages 20 years of experience, and has developed more than 200 commodity strategies
Integrated Strategies earned the State of Michigan's Quality Leadership Award at the Navigator Level. This award is the State's equivalent to the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award. According to the company, the award signifies its dedication to developing and executing business strategies supported by relevant performance metrics that link business functions and roles across the organization. In 2000, the company was tapped as a visionary by the editors of Purchasing magazine.
History.
Integrated Strategies was founded in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20902894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902894" title="New Year's Eve Live (CNN program)">
New Year's Eve Live (CNN program)

"New Year's Eve Live with Anderson Cooper and Special Co-Host Kathy Griffin" is an annual program broadcast on CNN. It originates live from Times Square in New York City. It covers the traditional ball drop live, but also reports on other New Year's Eve celebrations across the county and around the world. 
It is a competing program to similar shows such as "New Year's Rockin' Eve","All American New Year",and "New Year's Eve with Carson Daly" in the United States. Overseas, the program is simulcast on CNN International and available around the world.
The program has drawn controversy and attention, largely with respect to Kathy Griffin's antics, comments, and double entendres. 
History.
The show first aired in its current format on December 31, 2001 with CNN correspondents in Times Square hosting an informal, news-based, New Year's Eve celebration show. For New Year's Eve 2002, Anderson Cooper took over as host from Times Square. It was originally 30 minutes, but expanded to 90–120 minutes starting in 2003. Originally it featured live look-ins of several concerts, but by 2007, the musical acts had been eliminated.
In contrast with other nationally broadcast New Year's Eve programs, most of which focus solely on the celebrations in New York and/or go off the air shortly after midnight Eastern Time, "New Year's Eve Live" features various CNN correspondents in the United States and abroad reporting on the celebrations marking the New Year, including continuing coverage of New Year celebrations past midnight Central Time. The Pacific Time Zone is covered only by tape-delaying the East Coast event coverage, and there is no coverage or countdown for the Mountain Time Zone. Among the annual locations include:
Among the guest correspondents over the years include: Don Lemon, Poppy Harlow, Ed Henry, and John Zarrella. The show currently airs after a special edition of "Anderson Cooper 360°", which also originates live from Times Square on New Year's Eve.
Unlike "New Year's Rockin' Eve", the current framework of the show does not feature any musical performances, nor any pre-recorded party scenes. The coverage of the ball drop itself and the aftermath are typically done without commentary, and the atmosphere and sounds of Times Square are the only audio for several minutes. As such, the customary playing of the songs "Imagine" by John Lennon just before the drop, "Auld Lang Syne" as recorded by Guy Lombardo just after the ball drop, and "Theme from New York, New York" by Frank Sinatra, "America the Beautiful" by Ray Charles, "What a Wonderful World" by Louis Armstrong, and "Over the Rainbow" by IZ, all after the ball drop, are usually covered.
2003.
On December 31, 2003, Anderson Cooper hosted, joined by Jason Carroll (street reports), Hugh Hefner (at the Playboy Mansion), Cyndi Lauper, Wyclef Jean, Ben Stein, Amazing Kreskin, The Flaming Lips, John Zarrella (Key West), Kendis Gibson (Elma, New York, where a resident had won a write-in contest to have the show come to her New Year party, which in her case also was a graduation and going-away party for her son), and live look-ins at celebrations in other cities.
2004.
On December 31, 2004, "New Year's Live with Anderson Cooper" featured a performance by Celine Dion from Caesars Palace in Las Vegas.
2005.
On December 31, 2005, Anderson Cooper hosted from Times Square, with Erica Hill reporting from the crowd on the street. John Zarrella reported from Key West, Betty Nguyen was in Chicago, and Susan Roesgen was in New Orleans, which was recovering from Hurricane Katrina.
Musical performances included James Brown at B.B. King's blues club in Times Square, John Mayer Trio in San Francisco, Barenaked Ladies at St. Pete Times Forum, Brooks & Dunn in Nashville, Fantasia at The Aladdin in Las Vegas, Kool & the Gang, and Wynton Marsalis. Harry Connick, Jr. did special feature on New Orleans, while Chef Paul Prudhomme joined for cooking segment also in New Orleans.
2006.
On December 31, 2006, "New Year's Live with Anderson Cooper" featured a performance by the Goo Goo Dolls in Anaheim, California, and Montgomery Gentry at Rupp Arena.
James Brown was scheduled to perform a song live, but he died on December 25.
2007.
For the program on December 31, 2007, comedian Kathy Griffin joined Anderson Cooper as co-host for the 90-minute show. The two immediately developed a unique rapport, which featured discussion about pop culture events and off-beat new stories from the year. Griffin actively engaged Cooper in various personal questions and rumors, and often steered the program off-track from Cooper's normal straight-laced broadcasting style. Griffin also initiated an annual drinking game for each time she addressed Cooper as "Andy."
Erica Hill reported from street level in the crowd in Time Square, Kiran Chetry reported from Hard Rock Cafe, Gary Tuchman took part in the "Midnight Run" in Central Park, and John Zarrella reported from Key West. Sean Callebs (New Orleans) and Kareen Wynter (Las Vegas) also joined for segments.
2008.
For the program on December 31, 2008, comedienne Kathy Griffin joined Anderson Cooper as co-host for the second year, this year expanded to two hours. Griffin spent much of the night responding to hecklers. As the show was going to commercial she responded to a heckler by saying "I don't go to your job and knock the dicks out of your mouth." She also asked if she could "get a pap smear from Dr. Sanjay Gupta," to which Cooper responded "Really, are we going there "already"?" She later called Glenn Beck a "heroin addict Mormon." She asked Cooper if he had ever "ridden the "Morning Express"" (a reference to Robin Meade whom Griffin claimed Cooper was "in love with"). 
Don Lemon and Erica Hill reported from street level and Gary Tuchman from Central Park. Brooke Anderson reported from Las Vegas, Sean Callebs reported from New Orleans, and John Zarrella reported from Key West. White House Correspondent Ed Henry reported from Hawaii, following president-elect Obama on vacation.
2009.
During the December 31, 2009 episode, Kathy Griffin drew controversy after saying "fuck" live on the air. During a segment where Cooper and Griffin were recounting pop culture events of the year, the subject of the Balloon Boy was brought up. During an exchange, Griffin said "Wait … Falcon? Fuckin'? Falcon? How do you say it?" Cooper quickly responded "You're terrible," and quickly switched to a new topic. Griffin then joked about having 'a lesbian three-way with Susan Boyle and Oprah,' and said she was engaged to Levi Johnston. She also asked Cooper "how do you not just stare in the mirror all day and pleasure yourself because you're so gorgeous?"
In the days immediately following, it was reported that Griffin was fired from the position and would not be invited back.
Lance Bass joined the show as a correspondent at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. Don Lemon and Poppy Harlow served as street reporters, interviewing patrons in Times Square. John Zarrella reported live from Key West, and Gary Tuchman from Central Park.
2010.
Despite rumors that Kathy Griffin had been banned from CNN, she returned for her fourth year on December 31, 2010. The 90-minute program featured Cooper and Griffin hosted in Times Square, with Brooke Baldwin reporting live in Nashville, John Zarrella in Key West and Gary Tuchman again participating in the "Midnight Run" in Central Park. Isha Sesay reported from the crowd in Times Square.
Among the random discussions were Griffin's visit with Cher, and a live phone call from Cooper's mother Gloria Vanderbilt. Griffin maintained her typical antics, at one point kissing a crew member, and pretended to start undressing Cooper. However, she completed the broadcast without saying any swear words.
2011.
On December 31, 2011 Anderson Cooper and Kathy Griffin hosted for the fifth year. CNN correspondents included: Isha Sesay (street reports), Gary Tuchman and his 14-year old daughter (Central Park run), John Zarrella (Key West), Brooke Baldwin and Marty Savidge (Nashville). 
Anderson Cooper took park in a pre-recorded skit involving the "" Broadway show. Immediately thereafter, Griffin ridiculed it as being lame and unfunny. The program featured phone calls from Kelly Ripa and David Gergen. Kathy Griffin's antics reached a point at 11:48 p.m. where she took her coat and shirt off and appeared on-air wearing only a bra. During the telecast, Cooper joked with her with a sign from the crew stating "No Nudity" and "No Swearing," based on her previous appearances. Griffin also said to Anderson "I'm to watch your "balls" drop," a double entendre of the popular phrase "watch the ball drop." She poked fun at ChristianMingle.com (an online dating service), kissed Cooper on the lips (which apparently left him uncomfortable), and claimed that Mayor Michael Bloomberg "fondled" Lady Gaga on the ball drop podium after they kissed.
2012.
On December 31, 2012 Anderson Cooper and Kathy Griffin returned for their sixth year together. The program aired from 10:00 PM EST to 1:00 AM. Correspondents joining the broadcast included Isha Sesay (Times Square), John Zarrella (Key West), Gary Tuchman (Eastport, Maine), Brooke Baldwin (New Orleans) and Susan Hendricks (Nashville). Griffin's usual antics continued as at one point she dropped to her knees near Cooper's crotch, and also asked him "do you have a sac?" Cooper replied, "I don't know what you're talking about, I have no sack of Christmas presents here."
The three-hour broadcast featured a live interview via satellite with Honey Boo Boo, and a visit on the podium by Psy and MC Hammer.
2013.
On the 2013-2014 broadcast, Anderson Cooper and Kathy Griffin hosted their seventh consecutive year together. The program aired live from 9 p.m. through 12:30 a.m. EST. It was the first year the program began at 9 p.m. EST.
Anderson and Kathy were joined on set by guests: Macklemore and Ryan Lewis, Melissa Etheridge among others. This was John Zarella's final year with CNN, where he has featured the Drag Queen Drop in Key West, Florida for a number of years. The cast looked back at Zarella's remarkable career with the network. Tuchman reported from the Watermelon Drop in Vincennes, Indiana.
In addition around 11:30 EST Kathy had attempted and had handcuffed Anderson to herself
Cooper and Griffin carried the show for three and a half hours, then similar to years past, tossed to Brooke Baldwin in New Orleans at 12:30 a.m. for a 35 minute coverage of the New Year in the Central Time Zone. Baldwin along with Susan Hendricks shared a live music performance with Hank Williams Jr.
In 2013, the hashtag associated with the program #CNNNYE trended on twitter from 9 p.m. EST through Midnight.
Ratings.
The episode from December 31, 2008 rated as the top New Year's Eve program on cable. However, for 2009–2011, the program fell to second behind Fox News Channel's "All American New Years." In 2011, CNN slightly edged FNC in the key demographics. In 2013, the show saw a 40% drop in its audience.

</doc>
<doc id="20902900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902900" title="Operations readiness and assurance">
Operations readiness and assurance

Operations Readiness and Assurance (OR&A) is used primarily in the oil and gas exploration and development business. The name is also used extensively by the U.S. military and NASA, but to describe a wholly different concept (mission readiness). It can be used anywhere where a requirement for a certain level of assurance, that a given status or specified capability exists (or will exist, at a given point in time), is required. It is commonly known by the acronym OR&A (the ampersand is used and retained in the acronym for clarity).
The name Operations Readiness and Assurance (OR&A) Ltd. is a registered UK company who has also registered the acronym OR&A® as a registered trade mark. The company also market book on the subject for OR&A practitioners, as referenced below.s a text
History.
The need for OR&A in oil and gas projects was recognised long before there was a name to collectively identify the problem. In the late 1990s, there were a large number of high cost oil and gas projects moving into their operational phases that were already exhibiting major problems.
Operations readiness.
Operations readiness is the process of preparing the custodians of an asset under construction, and their supporting organisation, such that, at the point of delivery/handover, they are fully ready to assume ownership of the asset. Furthermore, that they accept responsibility for, and are capable of, performing the safe and efficient operation of that asset in a sustainable and environmentally friendly manner.
Assurance.
Assurance refers to stakeholders in a project who cannot wait until a project is completed, and handover to the operations team imminent, to discover that something has been omitted or overlooked which would subsequently prevent operation of the asset in the manner stated above.
The word 'assurance' refers to the act of reassuring the various stakeholders in a project or venture that their asset and organisation is in a state of operations readiness, or providing a measure of assurance that it will be by the time it is required.
Project delivery assurance (system).
OR&A is synonymous with project delivery assurance in as much as both concepts have the same functionality. They both work within the same field, but whereas OR&A is geared to the operations/asset owners viewpoint, a project delivery assurance system (PDAS) focusses on the viewpoint of the project management to provide that same assurance for every aspect of the entire project.

</doc>
<doc id="20902901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902901" title="Utmanzai (Pashtun tribe)">
Utmanzai (Pashtun tribe)

The Utmanzai or Utmanzai Wazir (trans. "descendants of Utman", and also spelled Uthmanzai, Othmanzai) are a Sunni Muslim Pashtun tribe found in North Waziristan Agency, Pakistan. Their territory lies on the border with Afghanistan and within it they migrate between the hills during the summer and the valleys in the winter. Although primarily a pastoral tribe, they and the related Mehsud tribe — with whom they have a historical antipathy — were described by Arnold Fletcher in 1965 as "perhaps the most powerful and aggressive of the border Pushtoons". The Utmanzai speak mostly Pushto and Hindko.
The Utmanzai form one of the two major branches of the Wazir tribe, with the other being the Ahmadzai of South Waziristan Agency. The Utmanzai branch is further subdivided, for example into tribes such as the Bakka Khel and Jani Khel. The common ancestor of the Ahmadzai and Utmanzai is the eponymous Wazir, who is also ancestor to the Mehsuds who have since taken a distinct and divergent path. Through Wazir, the tribes trace their origins to Karlanri and thence to the founder of the Pashtun lineage, Qais Abdur Rashid. The North and South Waziristan agencies together form the region of Waziristan, which derives its name from this supra-tribe.
In December 2012, the government of North Waziristan Agency used its powers under the Frontier Crimes Regulations to remove privileges from the Utmanzai, such as honorariums given to tribal elders. The government also ordered that the issue of official documentation, such as national identity cards and passports, to members of the tribe should cease. These measures were taken in an attempt to force members of the tribe to provide security for teams who were running a polio vaccination campaign in the area. The Shura Mujahideen, led by Hafiz Gul Bahadur — a member of the tribe and a militant leader associated with Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan — had issued an order in June 2012 that the campaign should be opposed until drone attacks by the United States ended. Tribal members also believed that the US took advantage of vaccination campaigns for intelligence purposes and that it was a fake vaccination campaign in Abbotabad that had led to the tracing of the Al-Qaeda leader, Osama bin Laden. The restrictions were lifted temporarily in February 2013 to allow voter registration to be completed.

</doc>
<doc id="20902909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902909" title="Brighton and Hove city centre">
Brighton and Hove city centre

Brighton and Hove City Centre is the commercial and cultural centre of the city of Brighton. Geographically, the so-called city centre is actually located in an easterly part of the Brighton and Hove urban conurbation.
Culture.
The North Laine area has a small network of streets dubbed the 'Cultural Quarter', so called because of its concentration of theatres, galleries and small venues. This area covers New Road, the location of the Theatre Royal, and the Brighton Dome complex which includes the Pavilion Theatre, Corn Exchange Theatre and the Dome Concert Hall. Next to this is Brighton Museum and Art Gallery. Bordering New Road and the Dome is Pavilion Gardens which is home to the Royal Pavilion, former palace residence of King George IV. Opposite New Road is Jubilee Street, a modern redevelopment containing restaurant and cafe chains. It is also the location of the Jubilee Library, the city's central library. 
On the seafront is the Fishing Museum and near Brighton railway station is the Brighton Toy and Model Museum. The Old Steine and St. Peter's area is a large patch of green in the city centre which is the location of a war memorial, the Frankish St. Peter's Church and two art galleries: the Phoenix Gallery and the University of Brighton gallery.
Shopping.
Brighton is home to hundreds of shops and is renowned for its wealth of independent shops. Most of the chain stores can be found on Western Road and Churchill Square. The other major high streets are West Street, Queens Road, North Street, East Street, Duke Street and Ship Street. 
The Lanes are the centre of Brighton's old town and consist of narrow streets and alleyways. The area is home to lots of jewellery and antique shops. 
North of the Lanes is the North Laine, both a residential and major commercial area, and the location of most of the city's independent shops. The commercial area of North Laine is centred on Trafalgar Street, Sydney Street, Gloucester Road, Kensington Gardens, North Road, Gardner Street, Church Street and Bond Street. The area is also home to small art galleries and Komedia, a theatre, bar, comedy venue and cinema. The area is also home to Jubilee Square, home of Jubilee library and a number of restaurants.
A little more east of the main high streets is Kemptown, home to many gay shops and other businesses. Its main shopping thoroughfare is St. James' Street, which has many cafés and restaurants, such as The Saint restaurant and Redroaster Coffee House.
Amusements.
Brighton Pier (or, the Palace Pier) is home to many rides and other amusements such as fortune tellers and prize winning games. Near the pier is Brighton Sea Life centre, an aquarium. Near the aquarium is Volks Electric Railway, a historic electric railway, providing transportation to Brighton Marina. West Street is the city's centre for nightlife as home to a number of night clubs and late-night bars.
Transport.
The city centre is well served by public transport. Brighton and Hove Buses run regularly throughout the area with stops and stations at Churchill Square, Brighton Station, the Clock Tower, North Street and the Old Steine. Buses serve as the main mode of public transport in Brighton and Hove connecting all suburbs and outer areas to the city centre. 
There are major taxi ranks located in Brighton Station and East Street. 
Near the Old Steine is Pool Valley Coach Station which is used for intercity travel. 
Brighton Railway station serves as the city's main rail terminus and has good links to London, Gatwick Airport and the south coast. Hove railway station serves the centre of Hove and can be reached from Brighton in less than five minutes. London Road Station is near Preston Circus. The rail network in Brighton and Hove is not as extensive as the bus network, however certain suburbs and university campus are well connected to the centre of Brighton and Hove by rail.
Accommodation.
There are numerous hotels in the city centre, some of the more notable ones include The Grand Hotel, the Hilton Metropole Hotel, the Royal Albion Hotel and the Ramada Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="20902917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902917" title="Aangan">
Aangan

Aangan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Nasir Hussain.
Cast.
< this movies hero is mr.rajan>

</doc>
<doc id="20902929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902929" title="Agni Rekha">
Agni Rekha

Agni Rekha is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Mahesh Kaul. The film stars Bindu and Sanjeev Kumar .

</doc>
<doc id="20902934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902934" title="Anhonee (1973 film)">
Anhonee (1973 film)

Anhonee is a 1973 Bollywood suspense drama film directed by Ravi Tandon. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Leena Chandavarkar, Satyen Kappoo, Asrani, Manmohan & Bindu in positive roles and Kamini Kaushal in a negative role. Laxmikant Pyarelal have provided music for the film.
Music.
The songs of the film are composed by Laxmikant Pyarelalon lyrics by Verma Malik

</doc>
<doc id="20902936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902936" title="Daaman Aur Aag">
Daaman Aur Aag

Daaman Aur Aag is a 1973 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Sanjay Khan and Saira Banu.

</doc>
<doc id="20902938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902938" title="Dhamkee">
Dhamkee

Dhamkee is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Kalpataru. The film stars Subhash Ghai and Vinod Khanna .

</doc>
<doc id="20902941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902941" title="Dil Ki Rahen">
Dil Ki Rahen

Dil Ki Rahen is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara. Music composed by Madan Mohan. The film stars Rakesh Pandey and Rehana Sultan . 

</doc>
<doc id="20902945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902945" title="Duvidha">
Duvidha

Duvidha is a 1973 Bollywood ghost movie directed by Mani Kaul. The film stars Ravi Menon and Raisa Padamsee in lead roles.The film was critically acclaimed and won the director National Film Award for Best Direction and Critics Award for Best film at the 1974 Filmfare Awards.
Plot.
The film is set in rural Rajasthan, based on a story by Vijayadan Detha which relates a popular folktale from Rajasthan about merchant’s son, Krishanlal (Ravi Menon) whose relationship with his young bride, Lachhi (Raisa Padamsee) is thwarted by his work and a ghost who falls in love with her, resulting in the ghost soon impersonating the husband.
Production.
The film was extensively shot in village Borunda, in Tehsil Bilara, Jodhpur district, the village of the author Vijay Dan Detha' Bijji'. 
Music.
The music of film was given by folk musicians of Rajasthan, Ramzan Hammu, Latif and Saki Khan.
Remakes.
The Amol Palekar movie, "Paheli", released in 2005, is also based on the same story.

</doc>
<doc id="20902948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902948" title="Ek Kunwari Ek Kunwara">
Ek Kunwari Ek Kunwara

Ek Kunwari Ek Kunwara is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Prakash Mehra. The film stars Leena Chandavarkar, Rakesh Roshan, Pran, Kumkum and Rajendra Nath. One of the songs namely, 'agar dil hamara sheeshe ke badle patthar ka hota' sung by Kishore Kumar is still popular. The film although had a nice story and good acting by main cast Pran, Leena, Rakesh Roshan and Kumkum, did not do well at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20902949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902949" title="Viburnum edule">
Viburnum edule

Viburnum edule, the squashberry, mooseberry, pembina, pimbina, highbush cranberry, lowbush cranberry or moosomin in Cree language, is a small shrub species.

</doc>
<doc id="20902951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902951" title="Ek Mutthi Aasmaan">
Ek Mutthi Aasmaan

Ek Mutthi Aasmaan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Virender Sinha. The film stars Vijay Arora and Yogeeta Bali .

</doc>
<doc id="20902952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902952" title="EIKON International">
EIKON International

EIKON International is located in Montgomery, Alabama, and makes interurban cars, trolley cars and streetcars. EIKON also restores and manufactures other types of rail cars, including streetcars. EIKON emerged in 2008 as Edwards Rail Car Company ceased production of railcars at the Montgomery location.
Current operations.
In production are several railbuses to be sent to Peru for operation, patterned after original Edwards designs dating from the mid-1920s. The propulsion system for these cars uses a diesel-hydraulic design after joint engineering with Parker Hannifin and Cummins. 
Peter Witt trolley #754 was restored for McKinney Avenue Transit Authority, as well as an original Edwards Model 10 for a private collector.

</doc>
<doc id="20902954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902954" title="Ek Nari Do Roop">
Ek Nari Do Roop

Ek Nari Do Roop is a 1973 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Roopesh Kumar, Nadira and Shatrughan Sinha. The movie has a very famous song "Dil ka soona saaz tarana dhundega".

</doc>
<doc id="20902958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902958" title="Ghulam Begam Badshah">
Ghulam Begam Badshah

Ghulam Begam Badshah is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Jambu. The film stars Shatrughan Sinha and Anil Dhawan.

</doc>
<doc id="20902959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902959" title="Haathi Ke Daant">
Haathi Ke Daant

Haathi Ke Daant is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R.Ishara. The film stars Rakesh Pandey.

</doc>
<doc id="20902961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902961" title="Hifazat (1973 film)">
Hifazat (1973 film)

Hifazat is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by K. S. R. Das. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Lalita Pawar. The film was not a commercial success and the film was remade in 1987 starring Ashok Kumar, Nutan, Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit.

</doc>
<doc id="20902964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902964" title="Hum Sab Chor Hain (1973 film)">
Hum Sab Chor Hain (1973 film)

Hum Sab Chor Hain is a 1973 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Dara Singh and Sadhana Shivdasani . The film was remade in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20902967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902967" title="Jaise Ko Taisa">
Jaise Ko Taisa

Jaise Ko Taisa is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Murugan Kumaran about twins which live their lives in contrasting social status after they are separated at birth. The film stars Jeetendra and Sridevi as a child artist. R D Burman scored music for this film. Two songs 'ab ke sawan mein jee dare' and 'daiya re daiya re, paap ki naiyya re' are not only good to listen but also picturised well. It is one more hit film having double roles.
Music.
§–Ab Ke Sawan Mein Jee Dare ---- Kishore Kumar, Asha Bhosle

</doc>
<doc id="20902971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902971" title="Jalte Badan">
Jalte Badan

Jalte Badan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film about the perils of drug addiction. Kiran (Kiran Kumar) is a young man who goes to Bombay to study. While his university is caught up in a student strike, Kiran descends into drug use, encouraged by an evil mobster and the peer pressure of his fellow students. Kiran's only hope is that a kindly cabaret dancer Malti (Padma Khanna) will take pity on him and call for his snake charmer girlfriend (Kum Kum) to rescue him with her true love. 

</doc>
<doc id="20902972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902972" title="El Periódico">
El Periódico

El Periódico is Spanish for "The Journal" and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20902973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902973" title="Jyot Jale">
Jyot Jale

Jyot Jale is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Nirupa Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="20902976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902976" title="Kahani Hum Sab Ki">
Kahani Hum Sab Ki

Kahani Hum Sab Ki is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Rajkumar Kohli. The film stars Lalita Pawar and Mala Sinha .

</doc>
<doc id="20902979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902979" title="Johann Baptist Allgaier">
Johann Baptist Allgaier

Johann Baptist Allgaier (June 19, 1763, Schussenried – January 3, 1823, Vienna) was a German-Austrian chess master and theoretician. He was also the author of the first chess handbook in German – "Neue theoretisch-praktische Anweisung zum Schachspiel" (Vienna 1795–96).
About his biography.
Relatively few details of his life are known. Only a few years after his death almost all information concerning his life, including dates of birth and death, were lost. Daniel Fiske traveled to Vienna between 1862 and 1863 and searched the archives of the city for some details about him, but in vain. Only in 1870 Anton Baron Reissner (a founder of the de:Wiener Schachgesellschaft and collaborator of the :de:Neue Berliner Schachzeitung), by working in archives and by interviewing Allgaier's family members and others who knew him, managed to recover some details of the life of this master. Subsequently, it was discovered that some information was also present in the memories of Karl Heinrich von Ritters Lang written in 1842, but not known to the chess historians of the time.
Biography.
Johann Baptist Allgaier was born in 1763 in the Duchy of Württemberg, his mother tongue was the Swabian dialect. His father Georg Allgaier was employed at a monastery as a "Hofmeister", the person, who, in those days, was in charge of the education of the children of the rich and nobles families. The young Johann received a Catholic education and was directed by his father towards the study of theology. Following a trip to Poland, however, he learned chess from a Polish Jew and the game became his main interest at the expense of the study of theology. Subsequently, in 1798, he moved to Vienna and joined the army. In the Austrian capital, he was able to improve his chess skills. Towards the end of 1780, he won an important match from which he earned 1500 florins and the reputation of the city's best player. This allowed Allgaier access to the aristocratic circles of the capital where he gave chess lessons. He also became the teacher of the sons and brothers of the Emperor Francis II. Since Allgaier was in the army, participated in the Napoleonic wars between Austria and France. In 1809, he was employed in a field hospital, where he became ill with chronic asthma. Later it was moved to Prague where he became an accountant at the military hospital. He returned to Vienna in 1816 where the Emperor gave him, for health reasons (asthma), a modest pension. In order to make some additional money, he played chess in the Cafés of Vienna, and in particular to the "Zur Goldenen Krone", the meeting place of many strong players in the capital, including Anton Witthalm and the Count Johann Somssich. Witthalm was one of the persons interviewed by Anton Baron Reissner to reconstruct Allgaier's life of that period. Witthalm reported that Allgaier's style was brilliant and mainly focused on attacking, while Somssich, by contrast, was more cautious and defensive. Because of his style when Allgaier played a crowd of spectators gathered at the premises of the Café to admire his brilliant play. Santo Vito, who edited the 6th and 7th edition of Allgaier's book, collected some of these games in an appendix.
Allgaier was used to accept the challenge of anyone for a Guilder. This price for weaker players, also included a short lesson of the master after the game. In fact, Allgaier throughout most of his life had to deal with a constant shortage of money as it emerges from the memoirs of Karl Heinrich von Ritters Lang. Financial problems were often the reasons, for some players, to accept Mälzel's offer to operate the Turk. Allgaier played hidden in the chess Automaton in 1809. A game played that year by the Turk against Napoleon at Schönbrunn Palace is attributed to Allgaier.
At the end of December 1822 was admitted to the military hospital in Vienna and died a few days later of dropsy. The fact that he died in a public institution, although he was married, gives, according to Anton Baron Reissner, a clear proof of Allgaier's shortage of money. This was also confirmed by the papers of his legacy, which Reissner examined.
Influence on chess.
In 1795 and 1796 published in Vienna (in two volumes) his book "Neue Theoretische-praktische Anweisung zum Schachspiel", which was regarded in some parts of Europe as the best text book of the time and was reprinted several times, even after his death; the seventh and final edition was in 1843.
From his treatise, it is clear that Allgaier knew very well the literature of his time. He was influenced both by the ideas of Philidor and the Modenese Scholl (del Rio, Lolli and Ponziani) between which he tried some sort of compromise. The influence of the French master seemed dominant, however, and Allgaier was later called the “German Philidor”.
Allgaier had a particular preference for the kingside pawn majority, which he believed to be, "ceteris paribus", a decisive advantage since it can advance, as Philidor had taught in his treatise, against the enemy castling (e.g. e2–e4–e5, f2–f4, g2–g4, f4–f5 etc.). Unlike Philidor, however, he did not think that after 1.e4 e5 the move 2.Nf3 was a mistake. The French master believed that this move was wrong, in principle, because it prevents the f2-pawn from advancing and supporting, if needed, the e5-pawn. The pieces, according Philidor, were better developed behind the pawns and, consequently, the knight had to be placed on e2 or f3, but only "after" the f-pawn was moved to f4. Often in Philidor's analysis, White occupies the center with e2–e4 followed by c2–c3 and d2–d4, starting from this configuration, the French pushed the pawn on e4 to e5 with the goal to gain space in the center and on the kingside. If the opponent attacked the e5-pawn with ... f6, Philidor supported it with f2–f4 and in case of fxe5, he continued with dxe5. At this point, having reached a configuration where White had a kingside majority, Philidor could advance the pawn e-, f-, and possibly g-pawn against the enemy castling. According to Philidor this attack was not only winning, but, due to the fact that Black could not prevent the opponent from achieving a kingside majority, the French believed that the first player had a decisive advantage and, with perfect play, White would always win the game. The Modenese School, in contrast, preferred to develop the pieces quickly, change a couple of pawns in the center and concentrate all its forces against a specific target (usually the opponent's king). Allgaier is half-way between the two Schools, he agrees with Philidor on the force of the kingside majority, but at the same time he argues that his experience as a player and as a student of chess led him to believe that the pieces' play "all'italiana" was a good alternative. Thus, the move 2.Nf3 was, according Allgaier, perfectly playable if followed by a strategy that would lead to maximize the influence of the pieces rather than pawns. The games reported by Santo Vito, which, at least part of them, were probably played by Allgaier show that he was much more inclined to tactical play where the pieces come violently in contact with each other rather than to the slow movements of infantry advocated by Philidor (this fact is also confirmed by Witthalm). Only in his writings, he is closer to Philidor, whose ideas were prevailing at the time. From this perspective, it is probably not a coincidence that the variant of the King's Gambit named after him (1.e4 e5 2.f4 exf4 3.Nf3 g5 4.h4 g4 5.Ng5, the so-called Allgaier's Gambit) is a particularly sharp opening. After 5... h6, in fact, White must sacrifice the knight with 6.Nxf7, leading to a very tactical game (the author's analysis on this opening line is contained in the fourth edition of the Neue Anweisung of 1819).
Style of play and games.
In the sixth and seventh edition of the " Neue Anweisung", Santo Vito added an appendix containing four games played by the strongest players in Vienna. Anton Witthalm, interviewed by Reissner, affirmed that Allgaier had a very tactical style of play and the games recorded by Santo Vito (or at least part of them) were played by Allgaier. These games are rare and cannot be found in the common chess databases like ChessBase, 365chess, chessbites or chesslab and, consequently, are here reported. In the original text, there were no comments to the games; punctuation and the notes between square parenthesis come from analysis carried out with the chess engine FireBird 1.2. The first and second game show a more complex tactical struggle; game three, on the other hand, indicates a very poor endgame technique.
Erste Partie 
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 d6 3.Bc4 f5 4.d4 fxe4 5.Nxe5 Nh6? 6.Bxh6 dxe5 7.Qh5+ Kd7 8.Qf5+ Kc6 9.Qxe4+? gxh6? 10.Qb5+ Kd6 11.Qd5+ Ke7 12.Qe5+ 9...Kb6 10.Be3 exd4 11.Bxd4+ c5 12.Be3 Nc6 13.Nc3 a6 14.Nd5+ Ka7 15.b4 Bd6 16.bxc5 Qa5+ 17.c3? 17...Bxc5 18.0-0 Bd7 19.Rab1 Rae8 20.Bxc5+ Qxc5 21.Qf4 Ne5 22.Bb3 Bc6 23.c4= b5? [23...Rhf8 24.Ne3 Bxd5 25.Rfc1 24...g5 25.Qf6 Rhf8 26.Qh6 bxc4 27.Nxc4 Rxf2 28.Rxf2 Qxf2+ 29.Kxf2 Ng4+ 30.Kg3 Nxh6= 31.Rf1 Re2 32.Rf2 Nf5+? [32...Rxf2=] 33.Rxf5 Rxg2+ 34.Kh3 g4+ 35.Kh4 Bf3 36.Rf7+ Kb8 37.Ne5 Rxh2+ 38.Kg5 h6+ 39.Kf4 Rf2 40.Nxf3 Rxf3+ 41.Kxg4 Rxf7 42.Bxf7 1–0
Zweite Partie 
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bc4 Nf6 4.Ng5 d5 5.exd5 Nxd5 6.Nxf7 Kxf7 7.Qf3+ Ke6 8.Nc3 Nce7 9.d4 c6 10.Bg5 h6 11.Bxe7 Bxe7 12.0-0-0? Bg5+ 13.Kb1 Rf8 14.Qe4 Rf4! 15.Rhe1+- 15.Qxe5+ Kf7 16.Nxd5 cxd5 17.Bxd5+ Kf8 18.Bb3 Rf5 19.Qe4 Qc7 20.Qd3 [20.g4! Rxf2 21.Qh7+- 20...h5 21.h4 Be7 22.f3 a5 23.a4 b5 24.g4 bxa4 25.Bxa4 Rf6 26.Rhe1 Rb8 27.g5? gives the 'f5' square to the black bishop Rfb6 28.b3 27...Rfb6 28.b3 g6 29.d5? Bf5 30.Rxe7 Qxe7 31.Qc3 Kg8 32.Kb2 Rc8 33.Bc6 Qd6 34.Re1 a4 35.Qa5 a3+ 36.Qxa3 Rbxc6 37.dxc6 Qxc6 38.c4 Ra8 39.Qe7 Qa6 40.Qe2 Qa3+ 41.Kc3 Qa5+ 42.Kb2 Qc5 43.Kc3 Qa5+ 44.Kb2 Qb4? 45.Kc3 Rb8 46.Qd1 Qa5+ 47.Kb2 Rd8-+ 45.Ra1 Qa3+ 46.Kc3 Rb8 47.Re5! white is worse, but not immediately lost 45...Rb8 46.Qe3 Qxc4 47.Rc1 Qxh4 48.Qd2 Be6 49.Rc3 Qb4 50.Qc2 Bf5 51.Qd2 Qb7 52.Qd6 Qb6 53.Qg3 Qb5 54.Qg2 Re8 55.Rc4 Bd3 56.Kc3 Bxc4 57.bxc4 Re3+ 58.Kd2 Qb2+ 0–1
Dritte Partie 
1.e4 e5 2.f4 d6 3.Nf3 Bg4 4.Bc4 Nf6 5.c3 Bxf3 6.Qxf3 Nc6 7.0-0 exf4 8.d4 g5 9.Bxf4! gxf4 10.Qxf4 Be7 11.e5 dxe5 12.dxe5 Qd7 13.exf6 Bc5+ 14.Kh1 0-0-0 15.b4 15...Bd6 16.Qf2 Kb8 17.Na3 Rhg8 18.Qf5 Qxf5 19.Rxf5 Ne5 20.Re1 Rg4 21.Bb3 Nd3 22.Ref1 Rh4 23.h3 Ne5 24.Nb5 a6 25.Nxd6 cxd6+- 26.Rd1 Kc7 27.Bd5 Rg8 28.Rd4 Rh6 29.a4 Rgg6 30.Rdf4 Rg3 31.Bf3? Nxf3 32.Rxf3 Rxf3 33.Rxf3 Kd7 34.Kh2 Ke6 35.Kg3? [35.Re3+ Kxf6 36.Re8 and 37.Rb8 35...Rxf6 36.Rxf6+ Kxf6 37.Kf4 d5? 38.a5? h6 (38...Ke6 39.Kg5 Ke5 40.Kh6+-) 39.g4 b6 40.h5! b5 41.a5 Ke6 42.g5+- 38...h6? 39.Kg5 Ke5 40.Kh6 Ke4= 39.g3? like in the previous variation 39...Ke6 40.h4 f5 41.Ke3 Ke5 42.h5 Ke6 43.Kd4 Kd6 44.c4 dxc4 45.Kxc4 Kc6 46.Kd4 Kb5?? 47.Kc3?? [47.Ke5 Kxb4 48.Kxf5 Kxa5 49.g4 Kb5 50.g5 hxg5 51.h6+- 47...b6 48.axb6 Kxb6 49.Kb3 Kb5 50.Kc3 Ka4?? 51.Kc4 Kb6= 51.Kc4 Ka3 52.b5 axb5+ 53.Kxb5 Kb3 54.Kc5 Kc3 55.Kd5 1–0
Vierte Partie 
1.e4 e5 2.Bc4 c6 3.Nc3 Nf6 4.d3 d5 5.exd5 cxd5 6.Bb5+ Nc6 7.Nf3 Bd6 8.Qe2?! 0-0 9.0-0? Nd4 10.Nxd4 exd4 11.Nd1 a6 12.Ba4 b5 13.Bb3 Re8 14.Qd2 Qe7 15.c3 dxc3?! [15...Qe5! 16.f4 Qh5 16.Nxc3? d4 17.Nd5? Nxd5 18.Bxd5 Qe5 19.Bxf7+ Kxf7 20.f4 Qe3+ 21.Kh1 Bb7 22.Qc2 Qe2 23.Qb3+ Kf8 24.Rg1 Bxg2+ 0–1

</doc>
<doc id="20902981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902981" title="Kunwara Badan">
Kunwara Badan

Kunwara Badan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Vimal Tiwari. Playback was sung by Asha Bhosle.

</doc>
<doc id="20902986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902986" title="MI-Connection">
MI-Connection

MI-Connection (pronounced My Connection) is the locally owned and operated cable and Internet system serving the towns of Mooresville, Davidson and Cornelius in the counties of Mecklenburg and Iredell in North Carolina.
History.
MI-Connection was created after the towns of Mooresville, Davidson, and Cornelius agreed to buy-out the local cable system from Time Warner Cable after the Adelphia cable acquisition in 2007. Since that time, MI-Connection has failed to make a profit and has requested numerous subidies from the two towns.

</doc>
<doc id="20902988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902988" title="2008 LPGA Tour">
2008 LPGA Tour

The 2008 LPGA Tour was a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world that took place from February through December 2008. The tournaments were sanctioned by the United States-based Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA). In 2008, prize money on the LPGA Tour was $60.3 million, the highest to date in the history of the tour.
Lorena Ochoa topped the money list, earning $2,763,193. Ochoa also led the league in most wins with six, including four consecutive tournaments in March and April and one major tournament.
The four major championships were won by: Lorena Ochoa (Kraft Nabisco Championship), Yani Tseng (LPGA Championship), Inbee Park (U.S. Women's Open), and Ji-Yai Shin (Women's British Open). All major winners except Ochoa were not only first-time major winners, but first-time winners on the LPGA Tour. Tseng, at 19 years old, and Park and Shin, both at 20 years old, became the youngest-ever winners of the respective majors.
On May 12, a day after winning her third tournament of the season, Annika Sörenstam announced her intent to "step away" from competitive golf at the end of the 2008 season. She continued to draw large crowds through the remainder of the season, though she did not win another tournament on the LPGA Tour before the end of the year.
Jiyai Shin, a 20-year-old non-LPGA member, set records on the LPGA Tour by winning three of the nine tournaments in which she played, including the Women's British Open and the season-ending ADT Championship with its $1 million first place prize. She became the first non-LPGA member ever to win three events. 
The LPGA organization also attracted attention in 2008 when commissioner Carolyn Bivens announced a new policy in August that would have required all players who had been on the tour for two years to show proficiency in English or face suspension. The Tour rescinded the policy two weeks later after increasing criticism from the media and from LPGA Tour sponsors.
"For details of what happened in the main tournaments of the year see 2008 in golf."
Tournament schedule and results.
ADT Playoff Categories:
The number in parentheses after winners' names show the player's total number of official money, individual event wins on the LPGA Tour, including that event.
Tournaments in bold are majors.<br>
Leaders.
Money List leaders
"Full 2008 Official Money List" - navigate to "2008"
Scoring Average leaders
"Full 2008 Scoring Average List" - navigate to "2008", then "Scoring Average"
Award winners.
The three competitive awards given out by the LPGA each year are:

</doc>
<doc id="20902991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902991" title="Mera Desh Mera Dharam">
Mera Desh Mera Dharam

Mera Desh Mera Dharam is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Dara Singh. The film stars Dara Singh and Raj Kapoor .

</doc>
<doc id="20902995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20902995" title="Nai Duniya Naye Log">
Nai Duniya Naye Log

Nai Duniya Naye Log is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R.Ishara. The film stars Reena Roy and Danny Denzongpa in their first film roles.

</doc>
<doc id="20903002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903002" title="Nirdosh">
Nirdosh

Nirdosh is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by S.M. Sagar . The film stars Vinod Mehra.

</doc>
<doc id="20903004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903004" title="Shareef Budmaash">
Shareef Budmaash

Shareef Budmaash is a 1973 Bollywood action thriller film directed by Raj Khosla. The film stars Dev Anand, Hema Malini, Shatrughan Sinha and Ajit in pivotal roles.
Soundtrack.
The songs are composed by legendary R.D.Burman and written by Anand Bakshi

</doc>
<doc id="20903008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903008" title="Door Nahin Manzil">
Door Nahin Manzil

Door Nahin Manzil is a 1973 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Pradeep Kumar and Sanjay Khan .

</doc>
<doc id="20903011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903011" title="27 Down">
27 Down

27 Down is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Awtar Krishna Kaul, starring Raakhee and M.K. Raina. The film is based on a Hindi novel "Athara Sooraj Ke Paudhe" by Ramesh Bakshi about a railways employee who meets a girl on the train. Film's music was classical musicians, Hariprasad Chaurasia and Bhubaneshwar Mishra, while the production design was by Bansi Chandragupta.
At the 21st National Film Awards, the film won the Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi as well as Best Cinematography for Apurba Kishore Bir. Film's director Avatar Kaul, died in an accident the same week the awards were announced. It was his only film.
Plot.
The film is set on 27 Down, the Bombay-Varanasi Express, Sanjay (M.K. Raina) is on a pilgrimage journey to Varanasi (Banaras), and remembers his life in flashbacks. Sanjay gives up his dreams to become an artist, in order to support his family he takes up his father's profession of railways employee. He spends his days as railways ticket checker, till he meets a Life Insurance Corporation employee, Shalini (Raakhee), on the suburban train. After a few more meetings, they falls in love, and Sanjay starts seeing life differently, but when his father finds about their relationship, he fixes his marriage with some other girl.
Production.
The film was shot on location on Mumbai trains, platforms, and at Mumbai's Victoria Terminus station, the cinematographer of the film, Apurba Kishore Bir was 22-year old, when he got the project, he shot 70 percent of the film using a hand-held camera, inspired by "The Battle of Algiers", a 1966 war film with an aim to put the camera right in the conflict, he shot with wide lenses rather than zooms. Bir chose to shoot the film in black and white, as he wanted stark contrasts. As it was difficult to control across crowd, most of the film's platform scenes were shot in the night, or at side platforms, and extras made it look like a busy time.

</doc>
<doc id="20903015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903015" title="Aashiana">
Aashiana

Aashiana is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Syed Hussain . The film stars Neetu Singh.

</doc>
<doc id="20903020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903020" title="Apradhi (1974 film)">
Apradhi (1974 film)

Apradhi is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Jugal Kishore. The film stars Yogeeta Bali.

</doc>
<doc id="20903023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903023" title="Azad Mohabbat">
Azad Mohabbat

Azad Mohabbat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Batra Kaushalraj. The film stars Yogeeta Bali and Kiran Kumar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903026" title="Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi">
Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi

Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi (; ) is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Kishore Kumar. The name is similar to a previous Kishore Kumar film "Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi".
Plot.
The premise of the film is that a multimillionaire, who has no heir, decides to leave his wealth to the person who has the longest beard. What follows is complete mayhem as Kishore Kumar and K.N. Singh plot to outwit one another.

</doc>
<doc id="20903029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903029" title="Balak Dhruv">
Balak Dhruv

Balak Dhruv is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Himmat Dave. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903031" title="Krzysztof Janik">
Krzysztof Janik

Krzysztof Janik (pronounced ; born June 11, 1950 in Kielce) is a Polish left-wing politician. He is a member of the Democratic Left Alliance and from March 6, 2004 to December 18, 2004 was the leader of this party.
He was Ministers of Internal Affairs and Administration from 2001 to 2004 when he resigned. He was also a member of the parliament from 1993 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20903033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903033" title="Benaam (1974 film)">
Benaam (1974 film)

Benaam is a 1974 Bollywood thriller film directed by Narenda Bedi. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Moushumi Chatterjee. Prem Chopra the main villain and Madan Puri in a very different role have done full justice to their respective roles. The scenes between Amitabh Bachchan and Madan Puri are conceived nicely where both are effective.
Plot.
Amit Srivastav (Amitabh Bachchan) and Sheela Srivastav (Moushumi Chatterjee) are married to each other and live with their son. One night on their way to a party, they encounter a murder of a press reporter, although Amit was not able to catch a glimpse of the killer. After helping the stabbing victim to the hospital, Amit begins to receive anonymous threats. He also gets a torn part of an invitation near the place of the attempted murder which he keeps, assuming it could lead to the killer. The killer captures Amit's son and demands the evidence that he has got. The only way to save his child is to unravel the mystery of the killer's identity. Amit and Inspector Jadhav (Satyendra Kapoor) together find the real killer. It was Kishenlal (Prem Chopra) whose voice was altered was of Kadar Khan

</doc>
<doc id="20903035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903035" title="Call Girl (1974 film)">
Call Girl (1974 film)

Call Girl is a 1974 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Vijay Kapoor.
Plot.
Amar returns from abroad and is asked by his multi-millionaire dad, Sonachand, to assist with their family business, Amar agrees to do so, on the condition that he spends the rest of the evening and night doing what he likes - painting. 
He meets with a beautiful young woman by the name of Kamini, who at first does not disclose her name to him because she is a call girl. 
However Amar names her Maya and falls in love with her. When he attempts to introduce her to his parents, on reaching his house his mother accepts her, but there she sees his father's (Sonachand's) photo and she recalls that he is the same person who had forced her into prostitution by promising her a job. 
He had an intimate relationship with her years ago and threatened her to be in this business else he will kidnap her sister who studies in a boarding school in Panchgani and throw her in this business.
But now Kamini/Maya has decided to leave this profession. But Sonachand does not want Amar to get married to a call girl. So he tells Kamini to act like a call girl once again so that Amar leaves her. Kamini agrees to do so because she doesn't want Amar to face problems from the society and his family as well. 
But on the same night Sonachand sees that his own daughter Usha has taken to prostitution. Meanwhile Amar comes to know the truth about his dad and he shuns at him.
His dad shoots himself for being guilty and Amar leaves his house and goes to find Kamini and sees that she has consumed poison and is about to die. So Kamini dies and Amar is left alone.

</doc>
<doc id="20903038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903038" title="Charitraheen">
Charitraheen

Charitraheen is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Shakti Samanta. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar and Sharmila Tagore .The film was on the program of the cinema S.Gabriel in Lourenço Marques, Mozambique in May 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20903040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903040" title="Chattan Singh">
Chattan Singh

Chattan Singh is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Kedar Kapoor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903042" title="Country Music Concert">
Country Music Concert

Country Music Concert is a 1966 live album by country singer Willie Nelson, recorded July 5, 1966 at Panther Hall, Fort Worth, TX.
In 1976, RCA reissued this album as "Willie Nelson Live". The reissue left off "Night Life", but added "I Gotta Get Drunk", a studio recording made three years after the release of this album. The song was remixed to include audience sounds not present on the original recording.
In 1998, Bear Family Records reissued "Country Music Concert" in its original format (as part of the "Nashville Was The Roughest..." box set), along with three bonus tracks not on the original release: "I Love You Because", "There'll Be No Teardrops Tonight", and "I'm Still Not Over You"

</doc>
<doc id="20903043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903043" title="Chor Chor">
Chor Chor

Chor Chor is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Prem Prakash. The film stars Vijay Anand. This is one of the best suspense thriller the Bollywood has made. It is surprising that very few people know about this movie. Perhaps the cast of the film Vijay Anand, Trilok Kapoor, Ranjan, Jairaj etc., were not able to attract audience. Further this was a song-less movie. Leena Chandavarkar has never looked such beautiful, romantic and lovely as she looked and performed here. One must view this movie for its presentation and of course, for Leena Chandavarkar.

</doc>
<doc id="20903044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903044" title="Chowkidar">
Chowkidar

Chowkidar is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Shyam Ralham. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Vinod Khanna and Yogeeta Bali in lead roles and Om Prakash in supporting role.
Plot.
Shambhu (Om Prakash) is a village Chowkidar (night watchmen), who is helpful to poors oppressed by Lala Dinanath (Jeevan). He has a sister, who is missing for about a year. One night during the patrol, he finds his sister coming from the house of village chief Thakur Ranvir Singh. It turns out that his sister had a love afair with Thakur and went into hiding once she got pregnant and now the Thakur is not accepting the girl child. Sambhu's sister hand him the baby and commit suicide by jumping into a nearby river. Shambhu first takes the baby girl to Thakur who again rejects the baby and die accidentally in an attempt to shoot at Shambhu. Shambhu raises the girl child on his own. Meanwhile Lala Dinanath has a son, whom he sent to city for higher education and become a doctor. Expecting that his doctor son will help him in earning more money by exploiting the poor villagers. Thakur also has a son, whom he also sent to city for better education. After few years Dinanath's son Shyam (Sanjeev Kumar), now a doctor, returns to village and is appalled by the condition of village and find out his father to be the main reason. He decides to stay in village and nurse them to wipe his father's sin. Dr. Shyam's kindness toward the village people earns his respect and praise all around, but makes his father angry as he is not earning any money. He subsequently forms a romantic relationship with Shambhu's grown up niece Radha (Yogeeta Bali).
Thakur's son Gopal (Vinod Khanna) becomes a playboy and return home to occupy his father's position, with his friend Vilaitiram (Ram Mohan). Vilaitiram is looking for an opportunity to blackmail Gopal with the help of dancer Bela (Jayshree T.). When Gopal try to make advances toward Radha when he sees her for first time, but she resist and ends of injuring Gopal. With the help of Vilaitiram, Gopal sends his goons to kill Radha, but Dr. Shyam saves her. Realising that he can never lay hands on Radha as long as Shyam is present, Gopal calls Bela to village. Bela trap Shyam in a small home and accuse in front of village of raping her. Heartbroken Radha and Shambu decides to leave the village. As the job is done by Bela, she is no longer required and Vilaitiram tries to kill her. Again Gopal comes and saves her. Now realising her mistake, she confess everything to Shyam. Meanwhile Gopal's goon had kidnapped Radha. So now vindicated Shyam goes to save Radha and just reach in time. A fight starts between Gopal and Shyam. Gopal's paternal aunt comes and stops the fight. She tells everyone that Radha is actually Gopal's sister. A secret she and Shambhu has been hiding since long, but now is necessary to tell everyone. Deeply ashamed Gopal decides to self immolate and burn the house. But Radha and others forgives him and stop from killing himself. The story ends in peace with Gopal accepting Radha as his sister.

</doc>
<doc id="20903047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903047" title="Dawat">
Dawat

Dawat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by B. R. Ishara.

</doc>
<doc id="20903048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903048" title="Dhuen Ki Lakeer">
Dhuen Ki Lakeer

Dhuen Ki Lakeer is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Kishore Sahu. The film stars Ramesh Aurora and Parveen Babi.

</doc>
<doc id="20903049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903049" title="Dil Diwana">
Dil Diwana

Dil Diwana is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Narenda Bedi. The film stars .

</doc>
<doc id="20903052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903052" title="Do Aankhen">
Do Aankhen

Do Aankhen is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Ajoy Biswas. The film stars Rekha.

</doc>
<doc id="20903054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903054" title="Do Chattane">
Do Chattane

Do Chattane is a 1974 Bollywood action film directed by G. H. Sarin.

</doc>
<doc id="20903055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903055" title="Do Nambar Ke Amir">
Do Nambar Ke Amir

Do Nambar Ke Amir is a 1974 Bollywood social drama film directed by P.D. Shenoy.

</doc>
<doc id="20903058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903058" title="Doosri Sita">
Doosri Sita

Doosri Sita is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Gogi Anand. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903059" title="Duniya Ka Mela">
Duniya Ka Mela

Duniya Ka Mela is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Kundan Kumar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903062" title="Farebi">
Farebi

Farebi is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Suresh Issar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903063" title="Trouble Makers">
Trouble Makers

Trouble Makers () is a 2006 Chinese black comedy film written and directed by Cao Baoping. It was Cao's solo directorial debut, though Cao had previously co-directed the film "Absolute Emotion" in 2001. Based on Que Diwei's novella, "Village Operation," which was published in a magazine in 2000, "Trouble Makers" had difficulty traversing the Chinese censors and often found itself lacking funds until 2005. As a result, Cao eventually inserted a happy ending that differed from ending in the original novella.
Plot.
"Trouble Makers" tells the story of four simple men living in Black Well Village (in rural Yunnan province) who decide to finally run the criminal Xiong Brothers out of their homes. The Xiongs have managed to build a criminal "empire" in the small town even managing to elect themselves the mayor and official accountant of Black Well Village. Two other brothers enforce the Xiongs' will with violence and intimidation. The brothers, known by the political-infused moniker, the Gang of Four, smuggle salt and generally terrorize the villagers of Black Well.
When Ye Guangrong, the nerdy and nervous local party secretary has had enough, he rounds up several other oppressed villagers including Tugua, an account, and Dawang, whose wife was raped by one of the brothers, to clean up the village.
Guangrong and his vigilante's quickly find themselves over their heads. Hiring less than savory characters like "Dog Balls," a kung-fu obsessed buffoon, Guangrong and his men give themselves officious sounding military titles. As events spiral out of control, a confrontation between the dangerous Xiong Brothers and Guangrong's vigilantes seems inevitable.
Release.
"Trouble Makers" was premiered first in the small village in Yunnan where it was filmed. From there, it was screened at numerous interntanional film festivals and received its United States Premiere at the New York Asian Film Festival on June 30, 2007. The year before, the film also premiered at several other boutique festivals, including the International Thessaloniki Film Festival, which focuses on first and second features. At the 2006 Shanghai International Film Festival, "Trouble Makers" won the jury prize at the "Asia New Talent" side-competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20903066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903066" title="Faslah">
Faslah

Faslah is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas. The film stars Raman Khanna.

</doc>
<doc id="20903067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903067" title="Pyay Technological University">
Pyay Technological University

Pyay Technological University (PTU) (, ), in Pyay, is one of three senior engineering universities in Myanmar. It offers bachelor's and master's degree programs in architecture and engineering disciplines. The university draws most of its student body from Lower Myanmar, outside Yangon Division.
In comparison to the more established Yangon Technological University (YTU) and Mandalay Technological University (MTU), PTU is considered the least equipped in terms of facilities amongst the three senior universities of technology in Myanmar. Although PTU does offer some Master of Engineering (ME) degree programs, it is mainly an undergraduate school, offering Bachelor of Technology (BTech) and Bachelor of Engineering (BE) programs. Over 95% of its graduates between 1997 and 2004 were for bachelor's degrees and less than 5% were master's. For most graduate and doctorate programs, students have to go to YTU or abroad.
History.
On 1 April 1998, PTU was established under the Department of Advanced Science and Technology, one of the directorates of the Ministry of Science and Technology. The undergraduate classes were officially inaugurated on 27 December 1999. On 20 January 2007, the Government Technical College (Pyay) was incorporated and affiliated with Pyay Technological University. Dr. Aung Kyaw Myat served as the first acting rector. In 2002, Prof. Kyaw Sann (prorector) became the rector.
When PTU was opened in December 1999, most universities and colleges in Myanmar had been shut down by the military government since December 1996, following student demonstrations in Yangon. The school closures were part of a series of multi-year school closures throughout the 1990s, following the nationwide uprising against the military government in 1988 that were initiated by the university students in Yangon.
The founding of PTU was part of the government's program to disperse college students away from the established universities and their city center locations to more isolated remote places. PTU was built on a paddy field outside the city of Pyay. In the beginning, the so-called university did not have a drinking water system or any dormitories on its campus. From 1999 to 2006, all engineering students from Lower Myanmar living outside Yangon Division had to attend PTU. Since then, prospective students are required to attend their local Technological Universities, which were "upgraded" to university level. In 2007, the Government Technical College, Pyay was incorporated to PTU.
Education objective.
The main function of PTU is to develop human resources by producing qualified engineers, engineering scientists and applied scientists, who will play a vital role in modernization of the country.
Programs.
The university primarily offers four-year BTech and five-year BE programs. Each academic year, consisting of two semesters, begins in the second week of December and ends in September.

</doc>
<doc id="20903069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903069" title="Goonj (1974 film)">
Goonj (1974 film)

Goonj is a 1974 Bollywood suspense/horror film directed by S.U. Syed. 
Story.
A very rare suspense movie, 'Goonj' was released in 1974 and stars Rakesh Roshan and Reena Roy. As the movie begins, two hands approaches a lady from her back and pushes her into a valley and she is killed brutally. But later she appears again in the form of a ghost in white attire. Her mission now is only to find her killer. The film holds the audience to its end. A very surprising climax…even mature and seasoned mystery-movie watchers may not guess the real killer.

</doc>
<doc id="20903071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903071" title="Insaaniyat">
Insaaniyat

Insaaniyat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Prayag Raj. The film stars Shashi Kapoor.

</doc>
<doc id="20903073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903073" title="Hamrahi">
Hamrahi

Hamrahi is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Anand Sagar 

</doc>
<doc id="20903075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903075" title="Hanuman Vijay">
Hanuman Vijay

Hanuman Vijay is a 1974 Bollywood fantasy film directed by Babubhai Mistri. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903079" title="Jadu Ka Shankh">
Jadu Ka Shankh

Jadu Ka Shankh is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Sai Paranjpye. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903080" title="Jai Radhe Krishna">
Jai Radhe Krishna

Jai Radhe Krishna is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Yeshwant Pethkar. The film stars Mohan Choti, Satyajeet and S.N. Tripathi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903081" title="Jeevan Sangram">
Jeevan Sangram

Jeevan Sangram is a 1974 Bollywood drama film.

</doc>
<doc id="20903085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903085" title="Jurm Aur Sazaa">
Jurm Aur Sazaa

Jurm Aur Sazaa is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Nisar Ahmad Ansari. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903086" title="Kasauti">
Kasauti

Kasauti is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Aravind Sen. The film stars Hema Malini and Amitabh Bachchan.
Synopsis.
Sapna (Hema Malini), a slum dweller of Bombay seeks refuge from a drunken outburst of her foster father (Satyendra Kapoor). Heera (Ramesh Deo), a playboy smuggler, has an eye on Sapna and wants to have her for his pleasure.
Amit (Amitabh Bachchan), an educated taxi driver saves Sapna from the clutches of Heera but soon she is accused of attempting. Sapna is sent to prison for six months. Sapna's mother (Sulochana Latkar) in a fit of anger kills Sapna's foster father. Amit promises to marry Sapna on her acquittal but on the eve of their marriage Amit's father (Murad) refuses to accept it. Not wanting to break up Amit's family Sapna quietly walks out of his life and leaves the city.
Amit and his friend Pyarelal (Pran) search for Sapna but do not succeed. In Calcutta, Sapna becomes an instant hit on the stage through Ashok Babu (Vijay Sharma). One day, Ashok proposes to her. Does Sapna climb down from her ladder of fame and return to her poor past? Or does she marry Ashok and opt for a life of fame? 

</doc>
<doc id="20903091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903091" title="Khoon Ki Keemat">
Khoon Ki Keemat

Khoon Ki Keemat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Shibu Mitra. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Mahendra Sandhu. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903093" title="Earl L. Brewer">
Earl L. Brewer

Earl Leroy Brewer (August 11, 1869 – March 10, 1942) was the Governor of Mississippi from 1912 to 1916. Elected as a Democrat, he was unopposed in the primary and won the governorship without ever making a single public campaign speech.
Biography.
Brewer was born in Carroll County, Mississippi, near the town of Vaiden. His father, Ratliff Rodney Brewer, had been a farmer, plantation manager and overseer, and a captain in the Confederate Army during the Civil War. His middle name came from his grandfather, Leroy Jasper Brewer I (1793–1851). His uncle (Ratliff Rodney's brother) was Leroy Jasper Brewer II (1833–1911). The burial location of both his grandfather and his uncle is now a mystery even to the Brewer family.
Brewer attended the University of Mississippi and after less than one year of study, obtained a Bachelor of Law degree in 1892. He immediately began practicing law and then was elected to the Mississippi State Senate in 1895. In 1902 he was appointed district attorney for the 11th District.
In 1907 he resigned his position as district attorney in order to run for governor. Brewer was narrowly defeated in his first attempt but won handily in the next campaign. As governor, Brewer promoted progressive reforms in several areas. The constitution was changed to create an elective judiciary; banking laws were established to limit interest rates; and a Bureau of Vital Statistics was created.
During his term there was a severe epidemic of pellagra in the state and other portions of the South. When the federal government sent Joseph Goldberger to study the disease and find a cure, Brewer offered full pardons to convicts who would participate in Goldberger's experiments. As a result of these studies, it was determined that pellagra was caused by a vitamin deficiency.
After his term was over, Brewer assisted in the defense of three Black defendants accused of murder who had been convicted on the basis of coerced confessions. Brewer argued and won their appeal to the United States Supreme Court in Brown v. Mississippi.
Brewer later ran unsuccessfully for U.S. Senate in 1924.
Brewer died in Jackson and is buried at Oakridge Cemetery in Clarksdale.

</doc>
<doc id="20903096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903096" title="Kisan Aur Bhagwan">
Kisan Aur Bhagwan

Kisan Aur Bhagwan is an action comedy drama 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Chandrakent. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903099" title="Kora Badan">
Kora Badan

Kora Badan is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by B.S. Ghad. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903111" title="Action of 22 September 1914">
Action of 22 September 1914

The Action of 22 September 1914 was a naval engagement that took place during the First World War, in which three obsolete British Royal Navy cruisers, manned mainly by reservists and sometimes referred to as the "livebait squadron", were sunk by one German submarine while on patrol.
Approximately 1,450 sailors were killed, and there was a public outcry at the losses. This incident eroded confidence in the British government and damaged the reputation of the Royal Navy at a time when many countries were still considering which side in the war they might support.
Background.
The cruisers were part of the Royal Navy’s 7th Cruiser Squadron, which was assigned patrol duties in the North Sea, supporting destroyers and submarines of the Harwich Force to guard against incursions by the German Navy into the channel.
Although concerns had been expressed about the vulnerability of these ships, particularly to attack by more modern German cruisers, no changes had been made before the events of 22 September. There was less concern about submarine attacks at this point in the war than later, as the U-boat threat was not taken seriously by many in the Royal Navy.
The U-boat was treated equally lightly by the Imperial German Navy; in the first six weeks of the war, the U-boat Arm had lost two boats and seen little result for their effort. The morning of 22 September found a single U-boat — "U-9" (under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Otto Weddigen) — passing through the Broad Fourteens on her way back to base.
On patrol on 22 September were three cruisers of 7th CS, , commanded by Captain J Drummond (senior officer present), , and . A fourth cruiser — , flagship of squadron commander Rear-Admiral Arthur Christian — had returned to port for re-fuelling on the 20th, while the squadron's accompanying destroyers had been forced to depart by heavy weather on the 17th.
Action.
At 06:00 on 22 September, the weather had calmed and the ships were patrolling at , line abreast, apart. Lookouts were posted for submarine periscopes or ships and one gun either side of each ship was manned. "U-9" had been ordered to attack British transports at Ostend, but had been forced to dive and shelter from the storm. On surfacing, she spotted the British ships and moved to attack.
At 06:20, the submarine fired one torpedo at the nearest ship from a range of , which struck "Aboukir" on the starboard side, flooding the engine room and causing the ship to stop immediately. No submarines had been sighted, so Drummond assumed that the ship had hit a mine, and ordered the other two cruisers to close in to help. After 25 minutes, "Aboukir" capsized, sinking five minutes later. Only one boat could be launched, because of damage from the explosion and the failure of steam-powered winches needed to launch them.
"U-9" surfaced from her dive after firing the initial torpedo to observe two British cruisers engaged in the rescue of men from the sinking ship. Weddigen fired two more torpedoes at his next target, "Hogue", from a range of . As the torpedoes left the submarine, her bows rose out of the water and she was spotted by "Hogue", which opened fire before the submarine dived. 
The two torpedoes struck "Hogue"; within five minutes, Captain Wilmot Nickolson gave the order to abandon ship, and after 10 minutes she capsized before sinking at 07:15.
At 07:20, "U-9" fired two torpedoes from her stern torpedo tubes at a range of . One missed, so the submarine turned to face her one remaining bow torpedo toward "Cressy", and fired at a range of . "Cressy" had already seen the submarine, had opened fire and attempted to ram, but failed. The ship had then returned to picking up survivors.
The first torpedo struck the starboard side at around 07:15, the second the port beam at 07:30. The ship capsized to starboard and floated upside down until 07:55. Two Dutch sailing trawlers in the vicinity declined to close "Cressy" for fear of mines, which led to the cruiser's aft gun firing on one of them in anger.
Distress calls had been received by Commodore Tyrwhitt, who, with the destroyer squadron, had already been at sea returning to the cruisers now that the weather had improved. At 08:30, the Dutch steamship "Flora" approached the scene (having seen the sinkings) and rescued 286 men. A second steamer — the "Titan" — picked up another 147. More were rescued by the two Lowestoft sailing trawlers "Coriander" and "J.G.C."; before the destroyers arrived at 10:45, 837 men were rescued while 1,397 men and 62 officers — mostly part-time men from the Royal Naval Reserve rather than regular sailors — had died.
Wenman "Kit" Wykeham-Musgrave (1899–1989) survived being torpedoed on three ships. As his daughter would recall:
The destroyers began a search for the submarine, which had little electrical power remaining to travel underwater and could only make on the surface. The submarine submerged for the night before returning home the next day.
Aftermath.
The disaster shook public opinion in Britain, and the reputation of the Royal Navy worldwide. The surviving cruisers were withdrawn from patrol duties; Admiral Christian was reprimanded, and Captain Drummond—who did not survive—was criticized by the resulting inquiry for failing to take the anti-submarine precautions recommended by the Admiralty. However, he was praised for his conduct during the actual attack. The 28 officers and 258 men rescued by the "Flora" were landed at Ymuiden and were repatriated on 26 September.
By contrast, Weddigen and his crew returned to a hero's welcome; Weddigen himself was awarded the Iron Cross, 1st Class, while his crew each received the Iron Cross, 2nd Class. The reputation of the U-boat as a potent weapon of war was established.
The future First Sea Lord Dudley Pound — then serving in the Grand Fleet as a commander aboard the battleship — wrote in his diary on 24 September, "Much as one regrets the loss of life one cannot help thinking that it is a useful warning to us — we had almost begun to consider the German submarines as no good and our awakening which had to come sooner or later and it might have been accompanied by the loss of some of our Battle Fleet".
In 1954, the British government sold the salvage rights to the ships and salvage is ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="20903116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903116" title="Savage Park &amp; Ride">
Savage Park &amp; Ride

Savage Park & Ride is a transit facility located in the vicinity of Savage, Minnesota. The Park & Ride has 190 parking spaces and shares land with Winfield Townhomes & New Horizon Daycare.

</doc>
<doc id="20903119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903119" title="Maa Bahen Aur Biwi">
Maa Bahen Aur Biwi

Maa Bahen Aur Biwi is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Harbans Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20903121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903121" title="Madhosh">
Madhosh

Madhosh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903123" title="Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain">
Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain

Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt. The film was rejected by the Censor Board since it presented a depraved view of life involving a prostitute and two criminals. It was never released in cinemas but got a VHS release. Actress-turned-director Pooja Bhatt is keen to remake her father Mahesh Bhatt's 1974 controversial film Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain. "I would love to revisit my father's film Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain which was banned by the Censor board. This film was a bit too ahead of its time. This is the kind of film that I would like to look at and may re-visit," Pooja told PTI. Pooja said, “I would love to look at my father`s Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain. It was banned by the censor board that time and he broke a table in frustration. I was very small that time. We didn`t have money and he walked back home from there (censor board office) to Shivaji Park. It was the dead end in his life. Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain was a bit too ahead of its times. It is the kind of a film I would like to re-look and may revisit.
Excerpts from an interview of Mahesh Bhatt:
Q: How did your controversial debut film happen?
A: In 1972, (friend) Johny Bakshi offered me a bold subject about two criminals on the run, and their encounter with a prostitute. Kabir Bedi, Gulshan Arora and Prema Narayan played the trio. But in those days … my “strange” film that jolted the propagated and postured values of those times was banned. It was said to have subverted the institution of marriage. From this, at that early point in my career itself, I learnt that life is a lonely journey where even industry associates support the powers-that-be, and that while we may be told we are free, we were actually not so. And I failed to understand this odd preoccupation with sex. How can something morally wrong suddenly become right after marriage?

</doc>
<doc id="20903127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903127" title="Mere Saath Chal">
Mere Saath Chal

Mere Saath Chal is a black and white 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by A. Shamsheer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903133" title="Nirmaan">
Nirmaan

Nirmaan is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Ravi Tandon. The film stars Anoop Kumar and Navin Nischol.

</doc>
<doc id="20903138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903138" title="Phir Kab Milogi (1974 film)">
Phir Kab Milogi (1974 film)

Phir Kab Milogi is a 1974 Bollywood romance film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The music for the film was composed by R.D. Burman.

</doc>
<doc id="20903144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903144" title="2003 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles">
2003 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles

Carlos Moyà was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Fabrice Santoro.
Andy Roddick won in the final 4–6, 7–6(7–3), 7–6(7–4) against Mardy Fish.

</doc>
<doc id="20903151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903151" title="Anokha">
Anokha

Anokha is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Jugal Kishore.

</doc>
<doc id="20903152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903152" title="Apne Dushman">
Apne Dushman

Apne Dushman is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Kailash Bandari. The film stars Dharmendra and Sanjeev Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="20903157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903157" title="Balak Aur Janwar">
Balak Aur Janwar

Balak Aur Janwar is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Nanabhai Bhatt. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903161" title="Troy Simon">
Troy Simon

Troy Simon (born 20 July 1980) is an Antiguan and Barbudan footballer, currently playing for Freemansville F.C. in the Antigua and Barbuda Premier Division.
Club career.
Simon has attended the University of South Carolina Upstate and has played for Freemansville during the winter seasons in the USA.
International career.
Nicknamed "Bucket", Simon made his debut for Antigua and Barbuda in an April 2000 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Bermuda and has earned nearly 20 caps since. He played in 7 FIFA World Cup qualification games.

</doc>
<doc id="20903163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903163" title="Lewis Meredith">
Lewis Meredith

Lewis Evan Meredith (1900 - 1968) was an Anglican bishop, the seventh Suffragan Bishop of Dover in the modern era.
Educated at Lancing College and Trinity College, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1923 and began his career with a curacy at Oswestry. From 1927 to 1931 he was a Minor Canon at Canterbury Cathedral and then held incumbencies at Wath-on-Dearne and Bognor Regis. Following this he was Rural Dean of Eastbourne before ascending to the Episcopate, a post he held for 7 years. In retirement he continued to serve the church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Gloucester.

</doc>
<doc id="20903165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903165" title="Otis Johnson (baseball)">
Otis Johnson (baseball)

Otis L. Johnson (November 5, 1883 – November 9, 1915) was a Major League Baseball shortstop. Johnson played for the New York Highlanders in . In 71 career games, he had 49 hits in 209 at-bats, with 36 RBIs. He batted right and left and threw right-handed.
Johnson was born in Fowler, Indiana, and died in Johnson City, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20903181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903181" title="Birthday">
Birthday

A birthday is a day that comes once a year when a person celebrates the anniversary of their birth. Birthdays are celebrated in numerous cultures, often with a gift, party, or rite of passage.
Many religions celebrate the birth of their founders with special holidays (e.g., Buddha's Birthday, Christmas).
Note the distinction between birthday and birthdate: The former occurs each year (e.g. September 12), while the latter is the exact date a person was born (e.g. September 12, 2003).
Legal conventions.
In most legal systems, one becomes designated as an adult on a particular birthday (often between 12 and 21), and reaching age-specific milestones confers particular rights and responsibilities. At certain ages, one may become eligible to leave full-time education, or become subject to military conscription or to enlist in the military, to consent to sexual intercourse, to marry, to marry without parental consent, to vote, to run for elected office, to legally purchase (or consume) alcohol and tobacco products, to purchase lottery tickets, or to obtain a driver's license. The age of majority is the age when minors cease to legally be considered children and assume control over their persons, actions, and decisions, thereby terminating the legal control and legal responsibilities of their parents or guardian over and for them. Most countries set majority at 18.
Cultural conventions.
Many cultures have one or more coming of age birthdays:
The birthdays of historically significant people, such as national heroes or founders, are often commemorated by an official holiday marking the anniversary of their birth. Catholic saints are remembered by a liturgical feast (sometimes on a presumed birthday). The ancient Romans marked the anniversary of a temple dedication or other founding event as a "dies natalis", a term still sometimes applied to the anniversary of an institution (such as a university).
A person's Golden or Grand Birthday, also referred to as their "Lucky Birthday", "Champagne Birthday", or "Star Birthday", occurs when they turn the age of their birth day (e.g., when someone born on the 25th of the month turns 25 or when someone born on the ninth turns nine).
In many cultures and jurisdictions, if a person's real birthday is not known (for example, if he or she is an orphan), then their birthday may be considered to be January 1. That tradition is followed with horses, their age becoming one, on the first day of the year following their birth and being counted annually after that.
The Chinese count age without zero; a newborn's age is one, a 12-month-old is two, and so on.
Birthday traditions.
In many portions of the world an individual's birthday is celebrated by a party where a specially made cake, usually decorated with lettering and the person's age, is presented. The cake is traditionally studded with the same number of lit candles as the age of the individual, or a number candle representing their age. The celebrated individual usually will make a silent wish and attempt to blow out the candles in one breath; if successful, a tradition holds that the wish will be granted. In many cultures, the wish must be kept secret or it won't "come true". Presents are bestowed on the individual by the guests appropriate to her/his age. Other birthday activities may include entertainment (usually by a hired professional, i.e. a clown, magician, or musician), and a special toast or speech by the birthday celebrant. The last stanza of Patty Hill's and Mildred Hill's famous song, "Good Morning to You" (unofficially titled "Happy Birthday to You") is typically sung by the guests at some point in the proceedings. In some countries a piñata takes the place of a cake. An occasional activity is spanking the birthday individual, with one usually gentle "swat" for each year since birth. In North America, the celebration of a birthday is fundamentally about celebrating the role of friends and families in an individual's life and recognizing their importance.
Name days.
In some historically Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox countries such as Italy, Spain, France, parts of Germany, Poland, Russia, Romania, Bulgaria, Serbia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Greece, Lithuania, Latvia, and throughout Latin America, it is common to have a 'name day'/'Saint's day'. It is celebrated in much the same way as a birthday, but it is held on the official day of a saint with the same Christian name as the birthday person; the difference being that one may look up a person's name day in a calendar, or easily remember common name days (for example, "John" or "Mary"); however in pious traditions, the two were often made to concur by giving a newborn the name of a saint celebrated on its birthday, or possibly the name of a feast, for example, "Noel" or "Pascal" (French for Christmas and "of Easter"); as another example, Togliatti got "Palmiro" as his first name because he was born on Palm Sunday.
Official birthdays.
Some notables, particularly monarchs, have an "official birthday" on a fixed day of the year, which may not necessarily match the day of their birth, but on which celebrations are held. Examples are:
Frequency.
According to a public record births database, birthdays in the United States are quite evenly distributed for the most part. However, there tend to be more births in September and October. This may be because there is a holiday season nine months before, or from the fact that the longest nights of the year happen in the Northern Hemisphere nine months before as well. Based on Harvard University research of birth records in the United States between 1973 and 1999, September 16 is the most common birthday in the United States and December 25 the least common birthday (other than February 29, because of leap years).
More recently October 5 and 6 have taken over as the most frequently occurring birthdays.
According to a study by the Yale School of Public Health, positive and negative associations with culturally significant dates may influence birthrates. The study shows a 5.3 percent decrease in spontaneous births and a 16.9 percent decrease in cesarean births on Halloween, compared to other births occurring within one week before and one week after the October holiday. Whereas, on Valentine’s Day there is a 3.6 percent increase in spontaneous births and a 12.1 percent increase in cesarean births.
Time zones and birthdays.
A person's birthday is usually recorded according to the time zone of the place of birth. Thus people born in American Samoa at 11:30 pm will record their birthdate as one day before Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) and those born in the Samoa will record their birthdate one day after UTC. They will apparently be born two days apart, while some of the apparently older ones, may be younger in hours. Those who live in different time zones from their birth often exclusively celebrate their birthdays at the local time zone.
Leap day.
In the Gregorian calendar (a common solar calendar), February in a leap year has 29 days instead of the usual 28, so the year lasts 366 days instead of the usual 365.
A person born on February 29 may be called a "leapling" or a "leaper". In common years they usually celebrate their birthdays on February 28. In some situations, March 1 is used as the birthday in a non-leap year since it is the day following February 28.
Technically, a leapling will have fewer "birthday anniversaries" than their age in years. This phenomenon is exploited when a person claims to be only a quarter of their actual age, by counting their leap-year birthday anniversaries only. In Gilbert and Sullivan's 1879 comic opera "The Pirates of Penzance", Frederic the pirate apprentice discovers that he is bound to serve the pirates until his 21st "birthday" rather than until his 21st "year."
For legal purposes, legal birthdays depend on how local laws count time intervals.
Birthdays in cultures and religions.
Ancient Rome.
The Romans enthusiastically celebrated birthdays with hedonistic parties and generous presents.
China.
Chinese birthday traditions reflect the culture's deep-seated focus on longevity and wordplay. From the homophony between ("rice wine") and (meaning "long" in the sense of time passing), osmanthus and other rice wines are traditional gifts for birthdays in China. Longevity noodles are another traditional food consumed on the day, although western-style birthday cakes are increasingly common among urban Chinese.
Judaism.
In Judaism, the perspective on birthday celebrations is disputed by various rabbis. In the Hebrew Bible, the one single mention of a celebration being held in commemoration of someone's day of birth is for the Egyptian Pharaoh which is recorded in . Rabbi Moshe Feinstein always acknowledged birthdays. The Lubavitcher Rebbe encouraged people to celebrate their birthdays, by gathering friends, making positive resolutions, and through various religious observances. According to Rabbi Yissocher Frand, the anniversary of a person's birth is a special day for that person's prayers to be accepted.
The bar mitzvah of 13-year-old Jewish boys, or bat mitzvah for 12-year-old Jewish girls, is perhaps the only Jewish celebration undertaken in what is often perceived to be in coalition with a birthday. Despite modern celebrations where the secular "birthday" element often overshadows the essence of it as a religious rite, the essence of a bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah celebration is entirely religious in origin (i.e. the attainment of religious maturity according to Jewish law), however, and not secular. With or without the birthday celebration, the child nevertheless becomes a bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah, and the celebration may be on that day or any date after it.
Christianity.
Christianity: Early centuries.
Origen in his commentary "On Levites" writes that Christians should not only refrain from celebrating their birthdays, but should look on them with disgust.
Orthodox Christianity still prefers the celebration of name days only.
Christianity: Medieval.
Ordinary folk celebrated their saint's day (the saint they were named after), but nobility celebrated the anniversary of their birth. The "Squire's Tale," one of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, opens as King Cambuskan proclaims a feast to celebrate his birthday.
Christianity: Modern.
Jehovah's Witnesses and some Sacred Name groups refrain from celebrating birthdays. They believe that birthday celebrations are portrayed in a negative light in the Bible and have historical connections with magic, superstitions, and Paganism.
Islam.
Some clerics consider the celebration of a birthday to be a sin, as it is considered an "innovation" of the faith, or "bi'dah" while other clerics have issued statements saying that the celebration of a birthday is permissible.
Some Muslims (and Arabian Christians) migrating to the United States adopt the custom of celebrating birthdays, especially for children, but others resist.
There also is a great deal of controversy regarding celebrating Milad-ul-Nabi – the anniversary of the birth of Muhammad. While a section of Islam strongly favours it, others decry such celebrations, terming them as out of the scope of Islam.
Hinduism.
Hindus celebrate the birth anniversary day every year when the day that corresponds to lunar month or solar month (Sun Signs Nirayana System – Sourava Mana Masa) of birth and has the same asterism (Star/Nakshatra) as that of the date of birth. That age is reckoned whenever Janma Nakshatra of the same month passes.
Buddhism.
Many monasteries celebrate the anniversary of Buddha's birth, usually in a highly formal, ritualized manner. They treat Buddha's statue as if it were alive, bathing, and "feeding" it.
Sikhism.
Sikhs celebrate the anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak.
North Korea.
In North Korea, people do not celebrate birthdays on July 8 and December 17 because these were the dates of the deaths of Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il, respectively. More than 100,000 North Koreans celebrate displaced birthdays on July 9 or December 18 to avoid these dates. A person born on July 8 before 1994 may change their birthday, with official recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="20903186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903186" title="Dhoti Lota Aur Chowpatty">
Dhoti Lota Aur Chowpatty

Dhoti Lota Aur Chowpatty is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Mohan Choti and noted for its large cast and guest appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20903189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903189" title="Do Jhoot">
Do Jhoot

Do Jhoot is a 1975 Bollywood romance film directed by Jitu Thakar. The film stars Vinod Mehra and Moushumi Chatterjee .

</doc>
<doc id="20903190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903190" title="Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka">
Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka

Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka is a 1975 Bollywood Hindi language drama film directed by Devendra Goel. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Dharmendra .
Plot.
Vishal (Dharmendra) and Aruna (Sharmila Tagore) are in love. Aruna learns that she is going to become blind. She don't want to be burden on Vishal who is already taking care of his handicapped mother. So Aruna marries her old age employer (Ashok Kumar).
The plot further thickens when the young daughter of Ashok Kumar falls in love with Vishal. The question "Will Vishal, who does not know the reasons for Aruna's defection, use this to take revenge on Aruna?" forms the rest of the story.
Songs.
The music of the film was given by Ravi and lyrics by Sahir Ludhiyanvi.

</doc>
<doc id="20903195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903195" title="Himalay Se Ooncha">
Himalay Se Ooncha

Himalay Se Ooncha is a 1975 Hindi action film directed by B.S. Thapa. The film stars Sunil Dutt.
Music.
The music was composed by Kalyanji-Anandji.

</doc>
<doc id="20903198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903198" title="Jaan Hazir Hai">
Jaan Hazir Hai

Jaan Hazir Hai is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by 
Manohar Nath Rangroo. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903199" title="Faustin Boukoubi">
Faustin Boukoubi

Faustin Boukoubi (born 20 March 1954) is a Gabonese politician who has been the Secretary-General of the Gabonese Democratic Party (PDG) since 2008. He previously served in the government of Gabon as Minister of Public Health from 1997 to 2004 and as Minister of Agriculture from 2004 to 2008.
Education and early career.
Boukoubi was born in Dolisie, located in Congo-Brazzaville, and is from the Ogooué-Lolo Province of Gabon. He attended primary and secondary school at Koula-Moutou before studying at the National Institute of Management Sciences in Libreville, as well as the School of Administration and Management of Enterprises at Kobe University in Japan. He was a Research Officer at the Autonomous Absorption Fund from 1982 to 1984 and was Director of Public Debt from 1984 to 1990.
Political career and government service.
Boukoubi was appointed to the government as Secretary of State under the Minister of Finance in charge of Budget and Investments in 1990, and after four years in that post he was appointed as Minister-Delegate under the Minister of Finance in charge of Budget and Investments in 1994. He served only briefly as a Minister-Delegate before becoming the Deputy Director-General of the Gabonese Union of Banks later in 1994. He remained in the latter post until he was appointed to the government as Minister of Public Health and Population on 28 January 1997.
On 25 January 1999, Boukoubi was appointed as Minister-Delegate under the Minister of State for Public Health, Population, and Social Affairs, but he was quickly promoted back to the position of Minister of Public Health and Population on 10 February 1999. He was elected to the National Assembly in the December 2001 parliamentary election as a PDG candidate in Ogooué-Lolo Province and was reappointed as Minister of Public Health on 27 January 2002. Speaking to the Senate on 26 December 2003, he said that the health budget had been less than required to meet the needs of 20% of the population since 1998. He was then moved to the position of Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, and Rural Development on 5 September 2004.
In the December 2006 parliamentary election, Boukoubi was elected to the National Assembly as the PDG candidate in Pana constituency, located in Ogooué-Lolo Province. He was promoted to the rank of Minister of State, while holding the same portfolio, on 25 January 2007, but he lost the title of Minister of State in the government named on 28 December 2007, while remaining Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development.
At the PDG's 9th Ordinary Congress, held on 19–21 September 2008, Boukoubi was elected as the party's Secretary-General; he officially succeeded Simplice Guedet Manzela as Secretary-General on 26 September. He then left his ministerial post when the next government was appointed on 7 October 2008.
Following the death of President Bongo in June 2009, Bongo's son, Ali Bongo Ondimba, was designated as the PDG candidate for the August 2009 presidential election. Boukoubi was seen as one of Ali Bongo's main allies.
In the December 2011 parliamentary election, Boukoubi easily won re-election to the National Assembly; he won the first seat for Pana and Haute-Lombo, receiving 99.39% of the vote according to preliminary results.

</doc>
<doc id="20903200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903200" title="Bill Karins">
Bill Karins

William J. "Bill" Karins (born April 14, 1974) is an American meteorologist. He reports weekdays for NBC's Early Today, MSNBC's "First Look", "Way Too Early", "Morning Joe", "Jansing and Company" and CNBC. Prior to being named NBC Meteorologist Karins was one of the original meteorologists for the now shuttered NBC Weather Plus. He is MSNBC and NBC News Chief Meteorologist. From 2009 to 2012, Karins had been the meteorologist on "Weekend Today" on Saturdays. Karins has also become one of the substitute hosts for "Way Too Early" since the departure of Willie Geist from the show for his "Today" hosting duties.
He is also a fill-in for Al Roker on Today, and for Dylan Dreyer on Weekend Today.
Karins was born in Albany, New York. He is a graduate of the State University of New York at Oneonta, which is also the alma mater of ESPN's Sal Paolantonio and actor Bill Pullman. Prior to working at NBC, he was a meteorologist at KSNT in Topeka, Kansas and at WTCI in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Additionally, he also worked with former Maine State Representative Chris Greeley in Bangor for WABI-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="20903202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903202" title="Jaggu">
Jaggu

Jaggu is a 1975 Bollywood crime film directed by Samir Ganguly.

</doc>
<doc id="20903205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903205" title="Kaagaz Ki Nao">
Kaagaz Ki Nao

Kaagaz Ki Nao is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by B. R. Ishara. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903206" title="Kahte Hain Mujhko Raja">
Kahte Hain Mujhko Raja

Kahte Hain Mujhko Raja is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Biswajeet. The film stars Dharmendra, Biswajeet, Rekha and Hema Malini.

</doc>
<doc id="20903208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903208" title="Lafange">
Lafange

Lafange is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Harmesh Malhotra.

</doc>
<doc id="20903213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903213" title="Mazaaq">
Mazaaq

Mazaaq is a 1975 Bollywood comedy film directed by Haidar Ali. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903214" title="Mere Sajna">
Mere Sajna

Mere Sajna is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Kewal Kumar. The film stars Raakhee and Navin Nischol. Helen Jairag Richardson and Ajit are part of the supporting cast. Music is by the composing duo Laxmikant Pyarelal. Lyrics are by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
Plot.
Ratan (Navin Nischol) is a criminal working for Master (Ajit) and his wife Sona (Helen Jairag Richardson). He goes home to his mother's funeral and meets with his childhood friend Kammo (Raakhee), who is mentally incompetent. Her wealthy father arranges her marriage to Ratan, with the hope that she will become normal after marriage. Initially, Sona is disappointed that Ratan will marry, as she has a crush on him. But once it becomes clear, that Ratan wants to marry Kammo for her money, both she and the Master fully support it. They also encourage Ratan to kill Kammo soon after marriage. Ratan starts caring about Kammo and she becomes more normal. Ratan wants to break free of Master and Sona, but they won't let him. Master's henchmen kidnap Kammo and Ratan rescues her, and Master dies in the climatic fight.

</doc>
<doc id="20903215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903215" title="AR-57">
AR-57

The AR-57, also known as the AR Five-seven, is an upper receiver for the AR-15/M16 rifle lower receiver, firing FN 5.7×28mm rounds from standard FN P90 magazines. It was designed by Rhineland Arms, Inc and is currently produced by AeroPrecision, Inc of Tacoma, Washington, USA. The AR-57 PDW Upper is a new design on an AR15/M16 platform, blending the AR15/M16 lower with a lightweight, monolithic upper receiver system chambered in FN 5.7×28mm. This model is also sold as a complete rifle, supplied with four 50-round P90 magazines.
Unlike the standard AR-15 configuration which uses a gas-tube system, the AR-57 cycles via straight blowback. A full auto version exists marketed as a competitor to the P90 and other personal defense weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="20903216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903216" title="Mere Sartaj">
Mere Sartaj

Mere Sartaj is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Abdul Rashid Kardar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903221" title="Dogwood Stakes">
Dogwood Stakes

The Dogwood Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Churchill Downs racetrack in Louisville, Kentucky. Held in late May, the Grade III event is open to three-year-old fillies. It is contested on dirt over a distance of one mile (8 furlongs).
Since its inauguration in 1975, the race has been contested at a variety of distances:
The Dogwood Stakes was run in two divisions in 1981.
Records.
Speed record:

</doc>
<doc id="20903225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903225" title="All of Me – Live in Concert">
All of Me – Live in Concert

All of Me – Live in Concert is a 2002 live album by country singer Willie Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20903227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903227" title="Natak">
Natak

Natak is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Sohanlal Kanwar. The film stars Vijay Arora and Moushumi Chatterjee. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903233" title="Raftaar">
Raftaar

Raftaar is a 1975 Bollywood drama film directed by Dinesh-Ramanesh. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903235" title="Rani Aur Lalpari">
Rani Aur Lalpari

Rani Aur Lalpari is a 1975 Bollywood children's musical film directed by Ravikant Nagaich. The film stars .

</doc>
<doc id="20903237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903237" title="Saazish (1975 film)">
Saazish (1975 film)

Saazish is a 1975 Bollywood action film directed by Kalidas. The film stars .
Cast.
The movie uses some plot elements from the Alistair Maclean Novel : The Golden Rendezvous

</doc>
<doc id="20903239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903239" title="Sankalp">
Sankalp

Sankalp is a 1974 Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Saigal. The song 'Tu hi sagar hai tu hi kinara' rendered by Sulakshana Pandit earned her the only Filmfare award. It was composed by Khayyam.

</doc>
<doc id="20903241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903241" title="Steve Kraly">
Steve Kraly

Steve Charles (Lefty) Kraly (born April 18, 1929 in Whiting, Indiana) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Kraly played for the New York Yankees in . In 5 career games, he had a 0-2 record, with a 3.24 ERA. He pitched in 25 innings in his 5 career games. He batted and threw left-handed.
Kraly was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20903243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903243" title="Sewak">
Sewak

Sewak is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by S. M. Abbas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903248" title="Sunehra Sansar">
Sunehra Sansar

Sunehra Sansar is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao. It stars Rajendra Kumar, with Mala Sinha as his wife, and Hema Malini as his past love, who has re-entered his life to seek vengeance for abandoning her years ago. 
The film is a remake of a Telugu film titled Pandanti Kapuram (1972).
In the annals of Hindi cinema, this movie, though not a commercial success, is unique for two reasons. First, it features music by Naushad combining for the first time with the lyricist Anand Bakshi. Secondly, this picture has for the first time Kishore Kumar singing a song (in a duet with Asha Bhonsle for which music was composed by Naushad.

</doc>
<doc id="20903252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903252" title="Umar Qaid">
Umar Qaid

Umar Qaid is a 1975 Bollywood action film directed by Sikandar Khanna. The film stars Sunil Dutt, Jeetendra, Vinod Mehra, Moushumi Chatterjee, Reena Roy, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20903253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903253" title="Zinda Dil">
Zinda Dil

Zinda Dil is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Sikandar Khanna.
Plot summary.
This is the story of two brothers and a father. The brothers are twins Arun Sharma (played by Rishi Kapoor), and Kewal Sharma (Actor Rajesh Leher look alike of Rishi Kapoor,who also played lead role in film " Subh Din "of Rajeshree Productions ), and the father is Major Hemraj Sharma (Pran), a war veteran who became disabled in the last war, and has to rely on crutches to walk. The Major has a soft corner for Kewal, but shows open disapproval of Arun, thus alienating him. He constantly asks Arun to make sacrifices for Kewal, including giving up his love, Rekha (Zaheera). Heartbroken Arun leaves his father's home and meets an old acquaintance who he had saved from committing suicide, Jyoti (Neetu Singh). Jyoti gets Arun a job at her dad's (Pinchoo Kapoor) Diwan Pratap chand's hotel. Here Arun meets with a hotel waiter who tells him that his mother is still alive. Arun is shocked to note this and asks his mother to accompany him to confront his father. Was Arun's father really that cold-hearted to let go of his wife, and keep this secret from his sons?

</doc>
<doc id="20903254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903254" title="Zindagi Aur Toofan">
Zindagi Aur Toofan

Zindagi Aur Toofan is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Umesh Mathur. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903259" title="Marshalls Creek, Pennsylvania">
Marshalls Creek, Pennsylvania

Marshalls Creek is an unincorporated community in Monroe County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located on Business U.S. Route 209 at the southern terminus of Route 402 in Smithfield Township. It is named after the creek that flows southward through it into the Delaware River. Business 209 joins the 209 bypass just east of the village. A roundabout is located just south of the village where the Bypass and Seven Bridges Road meet. Although the village has its own box post office with the zip code of 18335, some residents are served by the East Stroudsburg PO with the zip code of 18301 or 18302. [http://pennsylvania.hometownlocator.com/zip-codes/data,zipcode,18335.cfm]

</doc>
<doc id="20903260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903260" title="Aaj Ka Mahaatma">
Aaj Ka Mahaatma

Aaj Ka Mahaatma is a 1976 Bollywood romantic action film directed by Kundan Kumar. The film stars Randhir Kapoor and Rekha .

</doc>
<doc id="20903263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903263" title="Aaj Ka Ye Ghar">
Aaj Ka Ye Ghar

Aaj Ka Ye Ghar is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Surendra Shailaj. The film stars Helen.

</doc>
<doc id="20903265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903265" title="Aarambh">
Aarambh

Aarambh is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Gyan Kumar. The film stars Kishore Namit Kapoor, Rakesh Pandey and Rama Vij .

</doc>
<doc id="20903266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903266" title="Bundal Baaz">
Bundal Baaz

Bundal Baaz is a 1976 Bollywood fantasy and romantic comedy film directed by Shammi Kapoor. The film stars Rajesh Khanna in the lead role and Shammi Kapoor in the supporting role.
Plot.
Daydreamer Rajaram lives a poor lifestyle in a village in India along with his aunt and an unmarried sister, Malti, who has mortgaged their shanty house with Sukhi Lala so that she can educate Rajaram in Bombay. Rajaram pretends to be wealthy in order to get married to his sweetheart, Nisha Sharma, much to the chagrin of her dad who wants her to get married to a boxer, Ranjeet Gupta. 
Story opens at college, where an impoverished student named Raja (Rajesh Khanna) dreams of making it big and winning his true love Nisha (Sulakshana Pandit).His rival for her affections, Ranjit (Ranjeet) is the class bully and a cheat; but Ranjit’s father and Nisha’s father are close friends and want their children to get married when they graduate.Raja’s roommate and best friend Gopal (Asrani)—also poor—knows the truth of his circumstances, but Raja has fooled everyone else into believing he has a rich father.After Rajaram gets a degree in Arts he returns home and finds out about the debt, he attempts to find work, ends up working as a laborer with Sukhi, but is beaten-up when he is found slacking. Rajaram returns to Bombay, meets with Suleiman, and takes up collecting waste material (Dabha Batli) from households for a fee. When he returns to his village, he discovers that his sister Malti (Farida Jalal) and his aunt (Lalita Pawar) are being harassed by the local moneylender to repay the money lent to them for Raja’s education, or he will force Malti to marry him. Raja is overwhelmed at their sacrifices.He returns to Bombay to find work so he can send money home, and is befriended by Sulaiman (Johnny Walker), who buys bottles and boxes for recycling, and teaches Raja the trade. Raja begins earning money and sends some home to his village. He also meets Gopal again, but doesn’t contact Nisha since he is too poor to court her. When he does run into her, she is going into a New Year’s Eve masquerade party, and thinks that his bottle vendor outfit is his costume. She drags him in with her, where he is tormented again by Ranjit, and further realizes the gulf between himself and Nisha.He slips out and returns home, sad and heartbroken. One day he comes across a sack of bottles, throws it against the door; one broken bottle rolls outside where a big puff of pink smoke materializes from it. out pops a 20000 year old Genie with magical powers. He takes his sack of bottles and As the smoke clears a genie (Shammi Kapoor) appears.he genie was imprisoned in the bottle 20,000 years ago by an uncle fed up with his naughtiness. He has sworn an oath to serve his rescuer for a full year, and is going to fulfill this oath whether Raja likes it or not. Chaos ensues!No matter how hard he tries, the genie causes problems for poor Raja. Rajaram does not want anything to do with this Genie, who insists on helping him for one year regardless. With his help Rajaram and Suleiman improve their lifestyle, albeit with a lot of problems, and also improve Rajaram's chances of getting married to Nisha. Sulaiman tells the genie about Nisha, and he tries to help bring them together, but Nisha’s father is determined to get her married to Ranjit. Raja’s aunt sends Malti to him from the village to get her out of the moneylender’s way. He marries her off to Gopal.Meanwhile, Nisha and her father fight about Ranjit. Nisha wants to marry Raja no matter how poor he is. When Ranjit and some of his friends try to run down Raja (literally) he is rescued by the genie in a flying car.Pleased with himself, the genie gives Raja a ring to protect him from Ranjit.
he ring, when twisted on the finger, calls up a demon from the underworld who spouts fire and chants “Zum Zum Bah!” I find him much more funny than scary. Raja can’t handle one genie, let alone two, and he throws the ring away. Ranjit, watching, retrieves it after they go.Ranjit owes money to a bunch of goondas, who come to get their money. His plan is to marry Nisha and then repay them. He enlists the help of the demon by asking him to change him to look like Raja, and vice versa.Nisha isn’t fooled, since Ranjit hasn’t changed his voice or his manners. Raja and the genie rescue her when he assaults her. They celebrate by flying with the genie over Bombay.He transports them to a magical place where they sing another pretty song. I’m reminded of Kashmir Ki Kali with a genie thrown in.By now Nisha’s father has discovered what a scoundrel Ranjit is, and told Nisha that she can marry Raja. So Ranjit will have to resort to drastic measures! He and the demon go to Nisha’s house and kidnap her and her father.They are taken away to the underworld.The genie and Raja follow, although the genie’s power doesn’t work in the underworld. Can they overcome the demon without special powers? Will they rescue Nisha and Sharmaji? What will happen to Ranjit?

</doc>
<doc id="20903268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903268" title="Bhala Manus">
Bhala Manus

Bhala Manus is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Vishwamitra. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903269" title="Bhanwar">
Bhanwar

Bhanwar is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Bhappi Sonie. The film stars Ashok Kumar, Parveen Babi and Randhir Kapoor .

</doc>
<doc id="20903274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903274" title="Do Khiladi">
Do Khiladi

Do Khiladi is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Jugal Kishore. The film stars Jani Babu and Vinod Mehra. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903277" title="Do Ladkiyan">
Do Ladkiyan

Do Ladkiyan is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma.

</doc>
<doc id="20903278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903278" title="Bajrangbali (film)">
Bajrangbali (film)

Jai Bajrang Bali is a 1976 Bollywood Hindu mythological film directed by Chandrakant with Dara Singh playing the title lead role of Hanuman.

</doc>
<doc id="20903279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903279" title="John Keats's 1819 odes">
John Keats's 1819 odes

In 1819, John Keats composed six odes, which are among his most famous and well-regarded poems. Keats wrote the first five poems, "Ode on a Grecian Urn", "Ode on Indolence", "Ode on Melancholy", "Ode to a Nightingale", and "Ode to Psyche" in quick succession during the spring, and he composed "To Autumn" in September. While the exact order in which Keats composed the poems is unknown, some critics contend that they form a thematic whole if arranged in sequence. As a whole, the odes represent Keats's attempt to create a new type of short lyrical poem, which influenced later generations.
Background.
Early in 1819, Keats left his poorly paid position as dresser (or assistant house surgeon) at Guy's Hospital, Southwark, London to completely devote himself to a career in poetry. In the past, he had relied on his brother George for financial assistance from time to time, but now, when his brother appealed to him for the same aid, the cash-strapped poet was unable to help and was overwhelmed with guilt and despair. He decided to forsake the life of a poet for a more lucrative career – but not before allowing himself a few months of poetic indulgence. 
It was during the months of spring 1819 that he wrote many of his major odes. Following the month of May 1819, he began to tackle other forms of poetry, including a play, some longer pieces, and a return to his unfinished epic, "Hyperion". His brother's financial woes continued to loom over him, and, as a result, Keats had little energy or inclination for composition, but, on 19 September  1819, he managed to squeeze out "To Autumn", his last major work and the one that rang the curtain down on his career as a poet.
Structure.
After writing "Ode to Psyche", Keats sent the poem to his brother and explained his new ode form: "I have been endeavouring to discover a better Sonnet stanza than we have. The legitimate does not suit the language well, from the pouncing rhymes; the other appears too elegiac, and the couplet at the end of it has seldom a pleasing effect. I do not pretend to have succeeded. It will explain itself."
Writing these poems had a particular influence on Keats, as Walter Jackson Bate explains:
However felicitous he may have been in writing them, these short poems of one of the greatest of English lyrists are the by-product of other efforts; and those habits of both ideal and practice left him more dissatisfied than he would otherwise have been with the pressure of most lyric forms toward quick, neat solution [...] The new ode form appealed also because it was sufficiently confining to challenge his conscience as a craftsman. Finally, the union of amplitude and formal challenge offered unique opportunities as well for the concentrated intensity and concreteness of idiom that he had begun to master in "Hyperion"
In "Ode to Psyche", Keats incorporated a narrative structure that sets the scene, gives background information, and then ends with a conclusion. Of these structural elements, the preface was discontinued in his next odes and the setting is reduced within the other odes until the scene is merely implied.
Poems.
The exact chronological and interpretive orders of the six 1819 poems are unknown, but "Ode to Psyche" was probably written first and "To Autumn" last. Keats simply dated the others May 1819. However, he worked on the spring poems together, and they form a sequence within their structures.
Ode on a Grecian Urn.
"Ode on a Grecian Urn" is a lyric ode with five stanzas containing 10 lines each. The first stanza begins with the narrator addressing an ancient urn as "Thou still unravished bride of quietness!", initiating a conversation between the poet and the object, which the reader is allowed to observe from a third-person point of view. By describing the object as a "foster-child of silence and slow time", the poet describes the urn as both a silent object, a theme which reoccurs throughout the poem, and a stone object that resists change.
Throughout the first two stanzas, the speaker addresses the urn as a single object, taking note of its silence at several points as he discusses unheard melodies and tunes heard not by the sensual ear (line 13). In "Keats, Narrative, and Audience", Andrew Bennett suggests that the discussion between the poet and the urn at the beginning of the poem leaves the reader to examine more than just the relationship between the two but also his place as a third-party observer. With line 17, the second stanza begins to change tone as the poet shifts his focus from the urn as a whole to the individuals represented in the artwork. The two lovers, whose image the unknown artist has created through his craftsmanship, appear to the poet as a couple who cannot kiss yet do not grow old. Again the narrator discusses the urn in terms of its unaging qualities by saying, "She cannot fade, though thou hast not thy bliss" (line 19), but he also focuses on the inability of the lovers to ever obtain sensual pleasure due to their static nature.
As the poem comes to a close, the narrator once again addresses the urn as a single object. However, his tone becomes sharper as he seeks answers from the work of art that it appears unable to answer. In the final couplet, the poet provides a line for the urn, which complicates the narrative and has generated a multitude of critical responses as to the author's intent: "Beauty is truth—truth beauty / that is all ye know on earth and all ye need to know" (lines 49–50).
Ode on Indolence.
"Ode on Indolence" comprises six stanzas containing ten lines each. The poem discusses a morning of laziness on the part of the narrator, during which his attention becomes captivated by three figures he sees in a vision. Beginning with an epitaph taken from Matthew 6:28, the poet introduces the theme of indolence through an excerpt of Jesus's suggestion that God provides for the lilies of the field without making them toil. The poem describes the three figures as wearing "placid sandals" and "white robes", which alludes to the Grecian mythology that commonly appears in the 1819 odes. The images pass the narrator three times, which causes him to compare them to images on a spinning urn (line 7). In line 10, the narrator uses the word "Phidian" again as a reference to the Elgin marbles, whose creation was thought to have been overseen by Phidias, a Grecian artist. As the poem progresses, the narrator begins to discuss the intrusion upon his indolence by the figures of Love, Ambition, and Poesy, and he suggests that the images have come to "steal away" his idle days. In the final stanzas, the figure of Poesy is described as a daemon which Helen Vendler suggests poses a direct threat to the idleness the poet wishes to retain. In the final lines, the poet once again rejects the three images: "Vanish, ye phantoms, from my idle spright, / Into the clouds, and never more return!" (lines 39–40) with the intention of once again enjoying the laziness from which the poem obtains its title.
Ode on Melancholy.
"Ode on Melancholy" is the shortest of the 1819 spring odes at three stanzas of 10 lines. Originally, the poem contained four stanzas, but the original first stanza was removed before publication in 1820 for stylistic reasons. The poem describes the narrator's opinions on melancholy and is addressed specifically to the reader, unlike the narrative of many of the other odes. The lyric nature of the poem allows the poet to describe the onset of melancholy and then provides the reader with different methods of dealing with the emotions involved. Using personification, the poem creates characters out of Joy, Pleasure, Delight, and Beauty, and allows them to interact with two other characters which take the shape of a male and his female mistress mentioned (line 17). Keats himself fails to appear as a character in the poem, as there is no mention of the poet himself suffering from melancholy. In the final stanza, the poet describes the mistress as dwelling in Beauty, but modifies the beauty by saying that it "must die" (line 21). Harold Bloom suggests that this provides the poem with a hint of Keats's philosophy of negative capability, as only the beauty that will die meets the poem's standard of true beauty. The image of the bursting of Joy's grape (line 28) gives the poem a theme of sexuality. According to critics, the bursting of the grape alludes to the passing from the moment of ultimate sexual pleasure to the decreased pleasure of a post-orgasmic state.
Ode to a Nightingale.
"Ode to a Nightingale" is the longest of the 1819 odes with 8 stanzas containing 10 lines each. The poem begins by describing the state of the poet, using negative statements to intensify the description of the poet's physical state such as "numbless pains" and "not through envy of thy happy lot" (lines 1–5). While the ode is written "to a Nightingale", the emphasis of the first line is placed upon the narrator rather than the bird, and Helen Vendler suggests that the negation of the reader as a party in the discourse happens just as the song of the nightingale becomes the "voice of pure self-expression". In the third stanza, the poet asks the nightingale to "Fade far away", casting it off just as the narrator in "Ode to Indolence" rejects the Love, Ambition, and Poesy and the poet in "Ode on a Grecian Urn" banishes the figures on the urn to silence. In the fourth stanza, the poet states that he will fly to the nightingale rather than it to him, moving upon the "wings of Poesy", which leaves Walter Jackson Bate to believe that while the poet intends to identify with the bird by describing the poem as being "to" it, the real identification in the narrative exists between the poet and his perceptions of the nightingale's song. In its closing, the poem questions whether the bird's song has been real or part of a dream: "Was it a vision, or a waking dream? / Fled is that music:—do I wake or sleep?" (lines 79–80), and the theme of imagination once again arises as the poet appears, according to Timothy Hilton, unable to distinguish between his own artistic imagination and the song which he believes to have spurred it into action.
Ode to Psyche.
"Ode to Psyche" is a 67-line poem written in stanzas of varying length, which took its form from modification Keats made to the sonnet structure. The ode is written to a Grecian mythological character, displaying a great influence of Classical culture as the poet begins his discourse with "O GODDESS!" (line 1). Psyche, a creature so beautiful that she drew the attention of Cupid himself, draws the attention of the narrator, whose artistic imagination causes him to dream of her: "Surely I dream'd to-day, or did I see / The wingèd Psyche with awaken'd eyes" (lines 5–6). As he relates himself to the mythical character of Cupid, he confuses the god's emotions with his own and imagines that he too has fallen in love with the woman's beauty. The poet does, however, understand the temporal difference between the characters of ancient Greece and his own as he declares, "even in these days [...] I see, and sing, by my own eyes inspired" (lines 40–43). In line 50, the poet states "Yes, I will be thy priest, and build a fane", which, Harold Bloom suggests, implies that the poet himself becomes a "prophet of the soul" as he regards the beauty of Psyche and attempts to place himself within Cupid's personage. according to T.S. Eliot, it is the most prominent ode among the six great odes.
To Autumn.
"To Autumn" is a 33 line poem broken into three stanzas of 11. It discusses how autumn is both a force of growth and maturation, and deals with the theme of approaching death. While the earlier 1819 odes perfected techniques and allowed for variations that appear within "To Autumn", Keats dispenses with some aspects of the previous poems (such as the narrator) to focus on the themes of autumn and life. The poem discusses ideas without a progression of the temporal scene, an idea that Keats termed as "stationing". The three stanzas of the poem emphasize this theme by shifting the imagery from summer to early winter and also day turning into dusk.
Critical reception.
Keats's use of the odal hymn in his six odes, along with his use of the odal hymn with a responsal voice in "Ode to a Grecian Urn" and "Ode to a Nightingale", created, according to Walter Jackson Bate, "a new tone for the English lyric." Bate, when speaking about the 1819 odes, wrote: "The productivity of the three and a half weeks that begins on April 21 is difficult to parallel in the career of any modern writer. Yet to Keats it was not even a new beginning. It was rather a matter of becoming more alive in preparation for the next beginning." In addition to this, Bate argued that "It is because "To Autumn" is so uniquely a distillation, and at many different levels, that each generation has found it one of the most nearly perfect poems in English. We need not be afraid of continuing to use the adjective [...] The 'Ode to a Nightingale,' for example, is a less 'perfect' though a greater poem." Charles Patterson argued the relationship of "Ode on a Grecian Urn" as the greatest 1819 ode of Keats, "The meaningfulness and range of the poem, along with its controlled execution and powerfully suggestive imagery, entitle it to a high place among Keats's great odes. It lacks the even finish and extreme perfection of "To Autumn" but is much superior in these qualities to the "Ode to a Nightingale" despite the magic passages in the latter and the similarities of over-all structure. In fact, the "Ode on a Grecian Urn" may deserve to rank first in the group if viewed in something approaching its true complexity and human wisdom." Later, Ayumi Mizukoshi argued that early audiences did not support "Ode to Psyche" because it "turned out to be too reflexive and internalised to be enjoyed as a mythological picture. For the same reason, the "Ode on a Grecian Urn" drew neither attention nor admiration. Herbert Grierson believed "Nightingale" to be superior to the other odes because it and "To Autumn" were more logical and contained stronger arguments. Although the poet is gazing round the surface of the urn in each stanza, the poem cannot readily be consumed as a series of 'idylls'."

</doc>
<doc id="20903281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903281" title="Jeevan Jyoti (1976 film)">
Jeevan Jyoti (1976 film)

Jeevan Jyoti is a 1976 Bollywood drama film directed by Murugam Kamaram. It is a remake of Telugu film Muthyala Muggu (1975).

</doc>
<doc id="20903285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903285" title="James Chater">
James Chater

James Chater, British composer and musicologist, was born in Henley-on-Thames in 1951 and studied music at the University of Oxford, taking the BA in 1973 and the D.Phil. in 1980. His thesis, "Luca Marenzio and the Italian Madrigal, 1577-1593", was published as a book (Ann Arbor: UMI Research Press) in 1981. He is the author of many articles on secular music in Italy in the late 16th century; these have appeared in "Early Music", the "Journal of American Musicology", "Journal of Musicology", "Music & Letters", "The Musical Times", "Notes", the "Rivista italiana di musicologia", "Il saggiatore musicale", "Studi musicali" and other periodicals and Festschrifts. In his writings several previously anonymous madrigal texts are identified, and the intimate ties between poets, musicians and patrons are explored. Chater was a Fellow of the Harvard Center for Italian Renaissance Studies (Villa I Tatti, Florence) from 1981–82.
From 1982 to 1986 James Chater taught history of music at the University of Wales (Aberystwyth), Washington University in St. Louis (USA), the University of Victoria (BC, Canada) and the University of British Columbia (Vancouver, Canada). From 1986 to 1997 he was English-language Editor of classical music CD booklets for Philips Classics Records (Baarn, The Netherlands), and has been pursuing a career in publishing ever since then.
Compositions.
From the 1990s James Chater has also been active as a composer. The focus of his activities in this field has been the composing and arranging of choral works for liturgical use within the Orthodox Church, of which he has been a member since 1995. Most of his liturgical works are written to texts in the English, Dutch and French languages, with a few other compositions in Church Slavonic. In a number of articles and conference papers (which have appeared in "In Communion", "The Messenger", the 2005 and 2007 Proceedings of the International Society for Orthodox Church Music (ISOCM) and "Sourozh") he has addressed issues of liturgical music in the Orthodox parishes of countries that are not traditionally Orthodox. These topics include translation, the relationship between text and music, and striking the right balance between conservation and creativity. His works have been performed in Finland, Russia and Serbia.
Recordings.
In 2008 a recording of his "Great Prokeimenon for Forgiveness Sunday", sung by the Orthodox Choir of Joensuu University directed by Petri Nykänen, was issued on as part of the CD anthology "Oi Kuningas ja Herra" ("O King and Lord") ([http://www.fuga.fi/detail.php?id=MPOY04 MPOY-04).

</doc>
<doc id="20903286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903286" title="Khaan Dost">
Khaan Dost

Khaan Dost is a 1976 Bollywood action film directed by Dulal Guha.
Plot.
Naive, simple-minded Ramdin Pandey lives a poor lifestyle in Nasik, India, along with his sister, Shanti, and works as a Havaldar in the Nasik Central Jail. He arranges Shanti's marriage but the prospective groom's family want Rs.5000/- which he is unable to afford. To make matters due to his simplistic job performance he has not been promoted. Then their jail gets a new inmate, the dreaded Rehmat Khan, who has been found guilty of killing Ranga for allegedly attempting to molest his prostitute mistress, Zareena. Rehmat finds out about Ramdin's weakness, befriends and then uses him to escape on the pretext of visiting his ailing mother in Bombay, and never returns. A furious Jailor, Sharma, asks Ramdin to travel to Bombay, locate Rehmat, and then return or else he will not only lose his job but also be prosecuted. A hapless Ramdin agrees to do so - little knowing that soon he will be at the mercy of the cunning and cruel Rehmat as well as Ranga's vengeful brother, Jaggi.

</doc>
<doc id="20903287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903287" title="Koi Jeeta Koi Haara">
Koi Jeeta Koi Haara

Koi Jeeta Koi Haara is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Samir Ganguly. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903289" title="Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption">
Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption

The Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to finding adoptive homes for children waiting in North America’s foster care system. Created in 1992 by Wendy's founder Dave Thomas, who was adopted as a child, the Foundation works to provide grants to national and regional adoption organizations for programs that raise awareness and make adoption easier and more affordable. Thomas' daughter Wendy serves on the foundation's board of trustees.
Foundation.
Located in Columbus, Ohio, the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption is a national nonprofit public charity dedicated to dramatically increasing the adoptions of the more than 134,000 children waiting in North America’s foster care systems. Created by Wendy’s founder Dave Thomas, who was adopted, the Foundation implements results-driven national signature programs, foster care adoption awareness initiatives and research-based advocacy efforts. 
The Foundation’s efforts are led by president and CEO Rita Soronen. Soronen serves on the board of directors of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute and the Ohio CASA/GAL Assn. and is a fellow for the Jefferson Fellowship for Executive Leadership. She is a recipient of the National CASA Association Kappa Alpha Theta Program Director of the Year and the national Angels in Adoption award from the Congressional Coalition on Adoption.
The Foundation raises money to provide free educational resources, promote awareness, assist policymakers and employers, and support adoption professionals and agencies throughout the United States and Canada—to ensure that every child finds a forever home. Signature programs of the Foundation include Wendy's Wonderful Kids—a network of adoption recruiters throughout North American focused exclusively on North America's longest-waiting children; and Adoption-Friendly Workplace—Tools and expert guidance for companies and parents to help support adoption benefits like financial reimbursement and paid leave. DTFA Kickball for a Home was launched in 2011 to encourage engagement, fun and fundraising efforts.
The Wendy’s Company supports the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption with in-store donation canisters, Father’s Day Frosty campaign and Halloween Coupon books.
Wendy's Wonderful Kids.
Wendy's Wonderful Kids is one of the signature programs of the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption. The Foundation awards grants to public and private adoption agencies to hire adoption professionals who implement proactive, child-focused recruitment programs targeted exclusively on moving America’s longest-waiting children from foster care into adoptive families.
Recently released research from a five-year evaluation of Wendy’s Wonderful Kids shows that children referred to the program are up to three times more likely to get adopted.
Wendy’s Wonderful Kids recruiters, work on caseloads of children the system has forgotten, ensuring they have the time and resources to give each child as much attention as he or she deserves. These recruiters employ aggressive practices and proven tactics focused on finding the best home for a child through the starting points of familiar circles of family, friends and neighbors, and then reaching out to the communities in which they live.
Wendy’s Wonderful Kids has 169 recruiters working for children throughout the U.S. and Canada. The program has helped more than 3,600 children get adopted by their forever families.
Adoption-Friendly Workplace.
Adoption-Friendly Workplace is a signature program of the Foundation. The program works to make adoption an affordable option for every working parent. The goal is to provide companies with the support needed to provide adoption benefits to employees and recognize the forward-thinking employers that already have adoption benefits in place. The Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption has a kit to establish adoption benefits in the workplace including how to implement financial reimbursement and paid leave for employees who adopt.
Every year, the Foundation compiles a list of the top 100 adoption-friendly workplaces – the best small, medium, and large employers. Rankings in the list are based on the maximum amount of financial reimbursement and paid leave for employees who adopt. Honorees include the top 100, the top 10 by size and the top five in each industry.
Awards.
The Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption received the Shining Star Award presented by "Congressional Quarterly" and the Creative Coalition at the 2008 Democratic and Republican National Conventions for its significant work to find forever families for children in foster care.
The Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption's "Wendy's Wonderful Kids" program earned a 2007 Adoption Excellence Award from the United States Department of Health and Human Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20903290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903290" title="Lagaaam">
Lagaaam

Lagaaam is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Desh Gautam. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903293" title="Maha Chor">
Maha Chor

Maha Chor is a 1976 Bollywood action film cum comedy film directed by Narendra Bedi starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead role paired opposite Neetu Singh for the very first time. The film had music by R.D.Burman and the lyricist whom Rajesh Khanna preferred for his films Anand Bakshi. The film grossed 1.90 crores in 1976 and it became a box office hit.
Plot.
Raju (Rajesh Khanna) is an orphan who is brought up by the people of colony in Juhu area of Bombay. He lives as a son of all residents of the colony and helps them for their financial needs by stealing and because of this he is jailed for some months frequently. He is affectionately called as Raju by Hindus and Khan by Muslims. Prem Singh (Prem Chopra) intends to build a hotel in the colony and compels people to vacate the place or pay Rs.10000 as rent. Actually the land belongs to Neetu the princess of Raigadh. Prem urges Neetu to marry him so that he can own the land of Juhu. But Neetu (Neetu Singh) resists the proposal. Neetu's uncle manges to get the photograph of the prince and sends it to Raj Matha. Prince Rajeshwar (Rajesh Khanna) is kidnapped by Prem's mother in his childhood to prevent him inherit the wealth of Raigadh palace and make her son the heir for it.
Raju steals a car of Prem Singh and gets caught when he tries to sell his car to himself. Seeing his intelligent innocence he first uses him to transport smuggled stuffs to Raigadh in the car. Neetu escapes from Prem and hides at the back of the car. While Raju drives towards to Raigadh he finds her and takes her along with him. On the way, though both of them but fight they develop a feeling for each other. Raju who thinks he is not eligible for the princess tries to kill his feelings.Prem recognizes the identity of lost Prince Rajeshwar in Raju. So he insists Raju to act like him in the palace but Raju refuses as he cannot serve several years of jail as his colony people need him. Prem sets fire to the colony and this angers Raju. So he sets off to palace where without any effort accepted by Queen as Prince Rajeshwar in spite of his repeated denials. Queen identifies him through his photograph, burnt hand (actually he got burnt in the fire set in the colony) and the finger print of prince. But astrologer who is working for Prem lies to the Queen that he is the real prince thinking Raju is the man sent by Prem.
Raju was crowned as Prince Rajeshwar. The real prince is under custody of Prem's mother who is still childlike playing with toys and putting his thumb finger in his mouth like toddler. Raju captures Prem and arrests him in the palace prison. Thakur Singh who wants to be the actual heir finds that Prem is his own son. Prem reveals to his father that he is not the real prince but sent by him. Thakur Singh reveals this to all but he is not believed by anybody as he has no proof for his statement. Raju is moved by the motherly love of the queen and so he wants to leave the palace unwilling to deceive and disappoint her but stays on compulsion of Neetu as she insists Raj Mata is smiling only on his arrival. Raju swears to stay and find out the real prince. Meanwhile Queen finds out the truth and asks him to get out but is shot by Thakur Singh and blames Raju for shooting. Raju is arrested. But he escapes from them. Prem plans to kill Raju when he comes to hospital to visit Rajmata. But Raju disguises himself as Dr. Muthuswamy a man from Madras and donates the rare blood AB negative to the queen and saves her. 
Raju finds out the real Prince Rajeshwar who is under custody of Prem and rescues him. Prem, his mother and Thakur Singh are arrested. Queen finally re-unites with her son. She also unites Neetu with Raju as Neetu actually loves him.

</doc>
<doc id="20903294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903294" title="Sir Alexander Brown, 1st Baronet">
Sir Alexander Brown, 1st Baronet

Sir Alexander Hargreaves Brown, 1st Baronet (11 April 1844 – 12 March 1922) was an English Liberal Party, and later Liberal Unionist, politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1906.
Brown was the third son of Alexander Brown, eldest son of Sir William Brown, 1st Baronet of Beilby Grange, Yorkshire and his wife Sarah Brown of New York. He served in the 5th Dragoon Guards from 1864 to 1866. He was Honorary Colonel of the Lancashire and Cheshire Royal Garrison Artillery and was J. P. for Lancashire and Surrey.
At the 1868 general election, Brown was elected unopposed as one of the two Members of Parliament (MPs) for the borough of Wenlock in Shropshire. He held the seat until it was abolished under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885.
Brown was returned to the Commons at the 1885 general election as MP for the new Wellington division of Shropshire. He became a Liberal Unionist in 1886, and held the seat until he stood down at the 1906 general election.
Brown was created Baronet Brown of Broome Hall in Capel in the County of Surrey on 5 January 1903. He lived at Broome Hall Holmwood, Surrey and died at the age of 78.
Brown married Henrietta Agnes Terrell Blandy, fifth daughter of Charles Blandy of Madeira in 1876. Their eldest son Captain Gordon Hargreaves Brown was killed in action in the First World War. In 1910 Gordon Hargreaves Brown had married Edith Ivy Piggott, eldest daughter and co-heir of Admiral William Harvey Pigott. She assumed in 1925 the additional surname of Pigott for herself and her issue. Their son, the second Baronet, was killed in action in the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20903296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903296" title="Mazdoor Zindabaad">
Mazdoor Zindabaad

Mazdoor Zindabaad is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Kumar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903310" title="Dove Lake (Pennsylvania)">
Dove Lake (Pennsylvania)

Dove Lake is a reservoir in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. It was created by damming Mill Creek.
Dove Lake was the setting of Thomas Eakins' The Swimming Hole.

</doc>
<doc id="20903314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903314" title="Herb Karpel">
Herb Karpel

Herbert (Lefty) Karpel (December 27, 1917 – January 24, 1995) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Karpel played for the New York Yankees in . In 2 career games, he had a 0-0 record, with a 10.80 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Karpel was born in Brooklyn, New York and died in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20903317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903317" title="Naach Uthe Sansaar">
Naach Uthe Sansaar

Naach Uthe Sansaar is a 1976 Bollywood romance film directed by Yakub Hasan Rizvi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903320" title="Nehle Pe Dehla">
Nehle Pe Dehla

Nehle Pe Dehla is a 1976 Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903329" title="Rangila Ratan">
Rangila Ratan

Rangila Ratan is a 1976 Bollywood action film directed by S. Ramanathan.

</doc>
<doc id="20903332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903332" title="Sajjo Rani">
Sajjo Rani

Sajjo Rani is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Govind Saraiya. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903335" title="Shankar Dada">
Shankar Dada

Shankar Dada is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Shibu Mitra.

</doc>
<doc id="20903338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903338" title="Shankar Shambhu">
Shankar Shambhu

Shankar Shambhu is a 1976 Bollywood action film directed by Chand.

</doc>
<doc id="20903339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903339" title="Ignatius Antony II Hayyek">
Ignatius Antony II Hayyek

Ignatius Antony II Hayyek (or "Antun Hayek", September 14, 1910 – February 21, 2007) was the Patriarch of Antioch and all the East of the Syrians of the Syriac Catholic Church from 1968 to 1998. 
Antun Hayyek was born at Aleppo in 1910 and was ordained priest on June 10, 1933. On August 15, 1959 he was consecrated bishop of Aleppo by Patriarch Ignatius Gabriel I Tappuni and served there till his appointment as Primate and Patriarch on March 10, 1968. His resignation was accepted on July 23, 1998. He died on February 21, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20903341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903341" title="Shaque">
Shaque

Shaque is a 1976 Bollywood drama film directed by Vikas Desai and Aruna Raje. The film stars Vinod Khanna.

</doc>
<doc id="20903342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903342" title="Sodomy law">
Sodomy law

A sodomy law is a law that defines certain sexual acts as crimes. The precise sexual acts meant by the term "sodomy" are rarely spelled out in the law, but are typically understood by courts to include any sexual act deemed to be "unnatural" or immoral. Sodomy typically includes anal sex, oral sex and bestiality. In practice, sodomy laws have rarely been enforced against heterosexual couples.
Today, consensual homosexual acts between adults are illegal in about 70 out of the 195 countries of the world (approximately 36%); in 40 of these, only male-male sex is outlawed. In 2011, the United Nations Human Rights Council passed a LGBT rights resolution, which was followed up by a report published by the UN Human Rights Commissioner which included scrutinisation of the mentioned codes.
History.
Criminalization.
The Middle Assyrian Law Codes (1075 BC) state: If a man has intercourse with his brother-in-arms, they shall turn him into a eunuch. This is the earliest known law condemning the act of male-to-male intercourse in the military.
In the Roman Republic, the "Lex Scantinia" imposed penalties on those who committed a sex crime "(stuprum)" against a freeborn male minor. The law may also have been used to prosecute male citizens who willingly played the passive role in same-sex acts. The law was mentioned in literary sources but enforced infrequently; Domitian revived it during his program of judicial and moral reform. It is unclear whether the penalty was death or a fine. For adult male citizens to experience and act on homoerotic desire was considered natural and permissible, as long as their partner was a male of lower social standing. Pederasty in ancient Rome was acceptable only when the younger partner was a prostitute or slave.
Most sodomy laws in Western civilization originated from the growth of Christianity during Late Antiquity. Note that today some Christian denominations allow gay marriage and the ordination of gay clergy.
In England, Henry VIII introduced the first legislation under English criminal law against sodomy with the Buggery Act of 1533, making buggery punishable by hanging, a penalty not lifted until 1861.
Following Sir William Blackstone's "Commentaries on the Laws of England", the crime of sodomy has often been defined only as the "abominable and detestable crime against nature", or some variation of the phrase. This language led to widely varying rulings about what specific acts were encompassed by its prohibition.<br>
Decriminalization.
In 1786 Pietro Leopoldo of Tuscany, abolishing death penalty for all crimes, became not only the first Western ruler to do so, but also the first ruler to abolish death penalty for sodomy (which was replaced by prison and hard labour).<br>
In France, it was the French Revolutionary penal code (issued in 1791) which for the first time struck down "sodomy" as a crime, decriminalizing it together with all "victimless-crimes" (sodomy, heresy, witchcraft, blasphemy), according with the concept that if there was no victim, there was no crime. The same principle was held true in the Napoleon Penal Code in 1810, which was imposed on the large part of Europe then ruled by the French Empire and its cognate kings, thus decriminalizing sodomy in most of Continental Europe.
Death penalty was not lifted in England and Wales until 1861, and in 1917, following the Bolshevik Revolution led by V.I. Lenin and Leon Trotsky, Russia legalized homosexuality. However, when Joseph Stalin came to power these laws were reversed until homosexuality was effectively made illegal again by the government.
After the publishing of the Wolfenden report in the UK, which asserted that "homosexual behaviour between consenting adults in private should no longer be a criminal offence", many western governments, including the United States, have repealed laws specifically against homosexual acts. In June 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in "Lawrence v. Texas" that state laws criminalizing private, non-commercial sexual activity between consenting adults at home on the grounds of morality are unconstitutional since there is insufficient justification for intruding into people's liberty and privacy.
As of 2011, sodomy laws have been repealed or judicially struck down in all of Europe, North America, and South America, except for Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Jamaica, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad and Tobago.
There have never been Western-style sodomy laws in the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, North Korea, South Korea, or Vietnam. Additionally, Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia were part of the French colony of 'Indochine'; so if there been any laws against male homosexual acts in those countries, they would have been dismantled by French colonial authorities, since male homosexual acts have been legal in France and throughout the French Empire since 1791.
Criminalization in modern days.
This trend among Western nations has not been followed in all other regions of the world (Africa, some parts of Asia, Oceania and even western countries in the Caribbean Islands), where sodomy often remains a serious crime. For example, male homosexual acts, at least in theory, can result in life imprisonment in Barbados and Guyana.
In Africa, male homosexual acts remain punishable by death in Mauritania, Sudan, and some parts of Nigeria and Somalia. Male and sometimes female homosexual acts are minor to major criminal offences in many other African countries; for example, life imprisonment is a prospective penalty in Sierra Leone, Tanzania and Uganda. A notable exception is South Africa, where same-sex marriage is legal.
In Asia, male homosexual acts remain punishable by death in Iran, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Yemen; but anti-sodomy laws have been repealed in Israel (which recognises but does not perform same-sex marriages), Japan, Kazakhstan, the Philippines, and Thailand. Additionally, life imprisonment is the formal penalty for male homosexual acts in Bangladesh, the Maldives, Myanmar (formerly Burma), Pakistan, and Qatar.
Sodomy laws by country.
Australia.
Australia inherited the United Kingdom's sodomy laws on colonisation in 1788. These were retained in the criminal codes passed by the various colonial parliaments during the 19th century, and by the state parliaments after Federation. 
Following the Wolfenden report, the Dunstan Labor government introduced a "consenting adults in private" type legal defence in South Australia in 1972. This defence was initiated as a bill by Murray Hill, father of former Defence Minister Robert Hill, and repealed the state's sodomy law in 1975. The Campaign Against Moral Persecution during the 1970s raised the profile and acceptance of Australia's gay and lesbian communities, and other states and territories repealed their laws between 1976 and 1990. The exception was Tasmania, which retained its laws until the Federal Government and the United Nations Human Rights Committee forced their repeal in 1997.
Male homosexuality was decriminalised in the Australian Capital Territory in 1976, then Norfolk Island in 1993, following South Australia in 1975 and Victoria in 1981. At the time of legalization (for the above), the age of consent, rape, defences, etc. were all set gender-neutral and equal . Western Australia legalised male homosexuality in 1989 – Under the "Law Reform (Decriminalization of Sodomy) Act 1989", as did New South Wales and the Northern Territory in 1984 with unequal ages of consent of 18 for New South Wales and the Northern Territory and 21 for Western Australia. Then since 1997, the states and territories that retained different ages of consent or other vestiges of sodomy laws have tended to repeal them later; Western Australia did so in 2002, and New South Wales and the Northern Territory did so in 2003. Tasmania was the last state to decriminalise sodomy, doing so in 1997 after the groundbreaking cases of Toonen v Australia and Croome v Tasmania (it is also notable that Tasmania was the first jurisdiction to recognize same-sex couples in Australia since 2004 under the "Relationships Act 2003".) Currently, the age of consent for anal sex in Queensland is higher at eighteen, as opposed to sixteen for both oral sex and vaginal sex under section 208 of the Queensland "Criminal Code".
Brazil.
Brazilian criminal law does not punish any sexual act performed by consenting adults, but allows for prosecution, under statutory rape laws and the children's protection act, when one of the participants is under 14 years of age and the other an adult, as per Articles 214, 223, 224 and 225 of the Brazilian Penal Code and Articles 240 and 244-A of the "Estatuto da Criança e do Adolescente" – Law 8.069.
Article 235 of the Brazilian Military Criminal Code – DL 1.001/69-, however, does incriminate any contact deemed to be libidinous, be it of a homosexual nature or not, made in any location subject to military administration. Since the article is entitled "Of pederasty or other libidinous acts", gay rights advocates claim that, since the Brazilian armed forces are composed almost exclusively of males, the article allows for witch-hunts against homosexuals in the military service.
Canada.
Before 1859, Canada relied on British law to prosecute sodomy. In 1859, Canada repatriated its buggery law in the Consolidated Statutes of Canada as an offence punishable by death. Buggery remained punishable by death until 1869. A broader law targeting all homosexual male sexual activity ("gross indecency") was passed in 1892, as part of a larger update to the criminal law. Changes to the criminal code in 1948 and 1961 were used to brand gay men as "criminal sexual psychopaths" and "dangerous sexual offenders." These labels provided for indeterminate prison sentences. Most famously, George Klippert, a homosexual, was labelled a dangerous sexual offender and sentenced to life in prison, a sentence confirmed by the Supreme Court of Canada. He was released in 1971.
Canadian law now permits anal sex by consenting parties above the age of 18, provided no more than two people are present. The bill repealing Canada's sodomy laws was the "Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1968-69" (Bill C-150), which received royal assent on June 27, 1969. The bill had been introduced in the House of Commons by Pierre Trudeau, who famously stated that "there's no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation". In the 1995 Court of Appeal for Ontario case "R. v. M. (C.)", the judges ruled that the relevant section (section 159) of the Criminal Code of Canada violated section 15 of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms when one or both of the partners are 16 to 18 years of age; this has not been tried in court again.
A similar decision was made by the Quebec Court of Appeal in the 1998 case "R. v. Roy".
China.
Sodomy was never explicitly criminalized in China. The Chinese Supreme Court ruled in 1957 that voluntary sodomy was not a criminal act. Private sex in any form between two consenting adults does not violate laws. However, if someone under 18 is involved, the adult partner will be prosecuted. In a notable case in 2002, a man who had anal intercourse with a teenager was sentenced to three and a half years in prison. 
Denmark.
In 1933 Denmark became the third country in Europe to fully legalize homosexuality. The age of consent has been set at 15 since 1977.
France.
Since the Penal Code of 1791, France has not had laws punishing homosexual conduct "per se" between over-age consenting adults in private. However, other qualifications such as "offense to good mores" were occasionally retained in the 19th century "(see Jean Jacques Régis de Cambacérès)".
In 1960, a parliamentary amendment by Paul Mirguet added homosexuality to a list of "social scourges", along with alcoholism and prostitution. This prompted the government to increase the penalties for public display of a sex act when the act was homosexual. Transvestites or homosexuals caught cruising were also the target of police repression.
In 1981, the 1960 law making homosexuality an aggravating circumstance for public indecency was repealed. Then in 1982, under president François Mitterrand, the law from 1942 (Vichy France) making the age of consent for homosexual sex higher (18) than for heterosexual sex (15) was also repealed, despite the vocal opposition of Jean Foyer in the National Assembly.
Germany.
Paragraph 175, which punished "fornication between men", was eased to an age of consent of 21 in East Germany in 1957 and in West Germany in 1969. This age was lowered to 18 in the East in 1968 and the West in 1973, and all legal distinctions between heterosexual and homosexual acts were abolished in the East in 1988, with this change being extended to all of Germany in 1994 as part of the process of German Reunification.
In modern German, the term "Sodomie" has a meaning different from the English word "sodomy": it does not refer to anal sex, but acts of Zoophilia. The change occurred mostly in the middle of the 19th century, at last in the last decade of the century. Only the moral theology of the Roman Catholic church changed not until some time after World War II to the term "homosexuality".
Gibraltar.
In Gibraltar, a British overseas territory, male homosexual acts (but not heterosexual anal sex) have been decriminalised in Gibraltar since 1993, where the age of consent was 18 higher for male homosexual acts. Then under a Supreme Court decision in April 2011, the age of consent became 16, regardless of sexual orientation and/or gender. At the same time, under the same decision heterosexual anal sex was also decriminalised as well. In August 2011, the new gender-neutral "Crimes Act 2011" was approved, which sets an equal age of consent of 16 regardless of sexual orientation, and reflects the decision of the Supreme Court in statute.
Hong Kong.
"Homosexual Buggery". According to the Crimes Ordinance Section 118C, both of the two men must be at least 21 to commit homosexual buggery legally or otherwise both of them can be liable to life imprisonment. Sect 118F states that committing homosexual buggery not privately is also illegal and can be liable to imprisonment for 5 years.
"Heterosexual Buggery". A man who commits buggery with a girl under 21 can also be liable to life imprisonment (Sect 118D) while no similar laws concerning committing heterosexual buggery otherwise than in private.
In 2005, Judge Hartmann found these 4 laws: Sect 118C, 118F, 118H, and 118J were discriminatory towards gay males and unconstitutional under the Hong Kong Basic Law and contrary to the Bill of Rights Ordinance in a judicial review filed by a Hong Kong resident. It was believed that the age of consent had been reduced from 21 to 16 for any kind of homosexual sex acts. Still, no revision has been made to the four deemed unconstitutional laws so far.
Hungary.
Homosexuality in Hungary was decriminalized in 1962, Paragraph 199 of the Hungarian Penal Code from then on threatened "only" adults over 20 who engaged themselves in a consensual same-sex relationship with an underaged person between 14 and 20. Then in 1978 the age was lowered to 18. Since 2002, by the ruling of the Constitutional Court of Hungary repealed Paragraph 199 – Which provided an equal age of consent of 14, regardless of sexual orientation and/or gender. Since 1996, the "Unregistered Cohabitation Act 1995" was provided for any couple, regardless of gender and/or sexual orientation and from 1 July 2009 the "Registered Partnership Act 2009" becomes effective, and provides a registered partnership just for same-sex couples – since that opposite-sex already have marriage, this would in-turn create duplication.
Iceland.
Homosexuality has been legal in Iceland since 1940, but equal age of consent was not approved until 1992. Civil union was legalised by Alþingi in 1996 with 44 votes pro, 1 con, 1 neutral and 17 not present. Those laws were changed to allow adoption and artificial insemination for lesbians 27 June 2006 among other things. Same-sex marriage was legalised in 2010.
India.
India inherited sodomy laws in its criminal code from the British Raj, which were not present in its history of codified or customary legal system before. That section of Indian law, Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code, called for a maximum punishment of life imprisonment for all "carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal" (primarily interpreted to be homosexuality, especially sodomy, including between consenting adults). This law had rarely been executed, if at all, in case of consenting adults, although sometimes was in the news when a homosexual rapist was apprehended. Police repression in alleged or real gay bars is common, and is often highlighted by the contemporary media.
On 2 July 2009, in the case of "Naz Foundation v National Capital Territory of Delhi", the High Court of Delhi struck down much of S. 377 of the IPC as being unconstitutional. The Court held that to the extent S. 377 criminalised consensual non-vaginal sexual acts between adults, it violated an individual's fundamental rights to equality before the law, freedom from discrimination and to life and personal liberty under Articles 14, 15 and 21 of the Constitution of India. The High Court did not strike down S. 377 completely – it held the section was valid to the extent it related to non-consensual non-vaginal intercourse or to intercourse with minors – and it expressed the hope that Parliament would soon legislatively address the issue.
India does not recognize same-sex unions of any type. On December 11, 2013, the Supreme Court of India overturned the ruling in Naz Foundation v. National Capital Territory of Delhi, effectively re-criminalizing homosexual activity until action is taken by parliament.
Israel.
The State of Israel inherited its sodomy ("buggery") law from the legal code of the British Mandate of Palestine, but it was never enforced against homosexual acts that took place between consenting adults in private. In 1963, the Israeli Attorney-General declared that these laws would not be enforced. However, in certain criminal cases, defendants were convicted of "sodomy" (which includes oral sex), apparently by way of plea bargains; they had originally been indicted for more serious sexual offenses.
In the late 1960s, the Israeli Supreme Court ruled that these laws could not be enforced against consenting adults. Though unenforced, these laws remained in the penal code until 1988, when they were formally repealed by the Knesset. The age of consent for both heterosexuals and homosexuals is 16 years of age.
Italy.
In 1786 Pietro Leopoldo of Tuscany, abolishing death penalty for all crimes, became not only the first Western ruler to do so, but also the first ruler to abolish death penalty for sodomy (which was replaced by prison and hard labour, though).<br>
The Code Napoléon made sodomy legal between consenting adults above the legal age of consent in all Italy except in the Kingdom of Sardinia, the Austria-ruled Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia, and the Papal states.<br>
In the newborn (1860) Kingdom of Italy, Sardinia extended its legal code on the whole of Northern Italy, but not in the South, which made homosexual behaviour legal in the South and illegal in the North. However the first Italian penal code (Codice Zanardelli, 1889), decriminalised same-sex intercourse between consenting adults above the legal age of consent for all regions. A rule that did not change ever since.
Japan.
In the Meiji Period, sex between men was punishable under the sodomy laws announced in 1872 and revised in 1873. This was changed by laws announced in 1880 （:ja:同性愛#同性愛に関する法と政治）. Since that time no further laws criminalizing homosexuality have been passed. From 1 January 2008 sexual acts are governed by the Anti-Prostitution Law and sex related to children under 18 are protected by Law for Punishing Acts Related to Child Prostitution and Child Pornography, and for Protecting Children .
Macau.
In Macau, according to the Código Penal de Macau ("Penal Code of Macau") Article 166 & 168, committing anal coitus with whomever under the age of 17 is a crime and shall be punished by imprisonment of up to 10 years (committing with whoever under 14) and 4 years (committing with whoever between 14 and 16) respectively
Malaysia.
Section 377 of the penal code prohibits heterosexual and homosexual sodomy with punishments including up to twenty years in prison and/or fines and flogging.
New Zealand.
New Zealand inherited the United Kingdom's sodomy laws in 1854.
The Offences Against The Person Act of 1867 changed the penalty of buggery from execution to life imprisonment for "Buggery". In 1961 in a revision of the Crimes Act, the penalty was reduced to a maximum of 7 years between consenting adult males.
Homosexual sex was legalised in New Zealand as a result of the passage of the Homosexual Law Reform Act 1986. The age of consent was set at 16 years, the same as for heterosexual sex.
Since 4 September 2007 two out of the three territories of New Zealand (Niue and Tokelau) legalized homosexuality with an equal age of consent as well by the Niue Amendment Act 2007. Cook Islands still has a sodomy law on the books Crimes Act (1969), s153 and a155.
North Korea.
No laws regarding homosexuality are known to exist in North Korea as the North Korean Government states they "respect" homosexuals. However, they reject western gay culture.
Norway.
Same-sex sexual activity has been legal in Norway since 1972. At the same time of legalization, the age of consent became equal regardless of gender or sexual orientation, at 16.
Poland.
Poland is one of the few countries where homosexuality has never been considered a crime. Forty years after Poland lost its independence, in 1795, the sodomy laws of Russia, Prussia, and Austria came into force in the occupied Polish lands. Poland retained these laws after independence in 1918, but they were never enforced, and were officially abandoned in 1932.
Russia.
In Russia sexual activity between males was criminalized by state law on March 4, 1934. Sexual activity between females was not mentioned in the law. On May 27, 1993, homosexual acts between consenting males were decriminalized.
Singapore.
Section 377A of the Singapore Penal Code criminalise "outrage of decency" and additionally punish commission, solicitation, or attempted male same-sex "gross indecency", with imprisonment of up to two years'. Section 377 was added by the British colonial administration in 1858, replacing Hindu law at the time which did not criminalise consensual same-sex activity. In October 2007, Singapore repealed section 377 of the Penal Code and reduced the maximum sentence for male-male sex to a maximum term of 2 years' imprisonment under the maintained section 377A. The section has generally not been enforced, and applications of the section by lower courts have been overturned by the High Court.
South Africa.
The common-law crimes of sodomy and "commission of an unnatural sexual act" in South Africa's Roman-Dutch law were declared to be unconstitutional (and therefore invalid) by the Witwatersrand Local Division of the High Court on 8 May 1998 in the case of "National Coalition for Gay and Lesbian Equality v Minister of Justice", and this judgment was confirmed by the Constitutional Court on 9 October of the same year. The ruling applied retroactively to acts committed since the adoption of the Interim Constitution on 27 April 1994.
Despite the abolition of sodomy as a crime, the Sexual Offences Act, 1957 set the age of consent for same-sex activities at 19, whereas for opposite-sex activities it was 16. This was rectified by the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences and Related Matters) Amendment Act, 2007, which comprehensively reformed the law on sex offences to make it gender- and orientation-neutral, and set 16 as the uniform age of consent. In 2008, even though the new law had come into effect, the former inequality was retrospectively declared to be unconstitutional in the case of "Geldenhuys v National Director of Public Prosecutions".
South Korea.
Sexual relationships between members of the same sex are legal under civilian law, but are regarded as sexual harassment in the Military Penal Code.
Sweden.
Sweden legalized homosexuality in 1944. The age of consent is 15, regardless of whether the sexual act is heterosexual or homosexual, since equalization in 1972. The Swedish Crime Law (SFS 1962:700), chapter six ('About Sexual Crimes'), shows gender-neutral terms and does not distinguish between sexual orientation.
Taiwan.
In Taiwan, the Criminal Code of Republic of China Article 10 officially defines anal intercourse to be a form of sexual intercourse, along with vaginal and oral intercourse. The age of consent is 18, and Article 277 and the Child and Youth Sexual Transaction Prevention Act Article 22 make it a criminal offense to engage in sexual contact with minors. The law is written in gender neutral terms and does not discriminate against homosexual conduct.
Thailand.
Sodomy was decriminalized in Thailand in 1956.
Turkey.
In Turkey, sodomy was decriminalized by the predecessor country, The Ottoman Empire.
United Kingdom.
Sodomy was historically known in England and Wales as buggery, and is usually interpreted as referring to anal intercourse between two males or a male and a female. In England and Wales buggery was made a felony by the Buggery Act in 1533, during the reign of Henry VIII. The punishment for those convicted was the death penalty until 1861. James Pratt and John Smith were the last two to be executed for sodomy in 1835. A lesser offence of "attempted buggery" was punished by 2 years of jail and some time on the pillory. In 1885, Parliament enacted the Labouchere Amendment, which prohibited "gross indecency" between males, a broad term that was understood to encompass most or all male homosexual acts. Following the Wolfenden report, sexual acts between two adult males, with no other people present, were made legal in England and Wales in 1967, in Scotland in 1980, Northern Ireland in 1982, UK Crown Dependencies Guernsey in 1983, Jersey in 1990 and Isle of Man in 1992.
In the 1980s and 1990s, gay rights organizations made attempts to equalize the age of consent for heterosexuals and homosexuals, which had previously been 21 for homosexuals but only 16 for heterosexual acts. Efforts were also made to modify the "no other person present" clause so that it dealt only with minors. In 1994, Conservative MP Edwina Currie introduced an amendment to Criminal Justice and Public Order Bill which would have lowered the age of consent to 16. The amendment failed, but a compromise amendment which lowered the age of consent to 18 was accepted. The July 1, 1997 decision in the case "Sutherland v. United Kingdom" resulted in the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act 2000 which further reduced it to 16, and the "no other person present" clause was modified to "no minor persons present". Today, the universal age of consent is 16 in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The Sexual Offences (Northern Ireland) Order 2008 brought Northern Ireland into line with the rest of the United Kingdom on 2 February 2009 (prior to that, the age of consent for both heterosexuals and homosexuals was 17). The three British Crown dependencies also have an equal age of consent at 16: since 2006, in the Isle of Man; since 2007, in Jersey; and since 2010 in Guernsey.
United States.
Sodomy laws in the United States were largely a matter of state rather than federal jurisdiction, except for laws governing the U.S. Armed Forces. In 1963, the penalties for sodomy in the various states varied from imprisonment for two to ten years and/or a fine of US$2,000. By 2002, 36 states had repealed all sodomy laws or had them overturned by court rulings. The remaining sodomy laws were invalidated by the 2003 U.S. Supreme Court decision "Lawrence v. Texas".
As for the U.S. Armed Forces, because "the military is, by necessity, a specialized society separate from civilian society," its ban on sodomy, Article 125 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, is not entirely without force despite "Lawrence v. Texas". The Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces has ruled that the "Lawrence v. Texas" decision applies to Article 125. In both "United States v. Stirewalt" and "United States v. Marcum", the court ruled that the "conduct falls within the liberty interest identified by the Supreme Court," but went on to say that despite the application of "Lawrence" to the military, Article 125 can still be upheld in cases where there are "factors unique to the military environment" that would place the conduct "outside any protected liberty interest recognized in "Lawrence"." Examples of such factors could be fraternization, public sexual behavior, or any other factors that would adversely affect good order and discipline. Convictions for consensual sodomy have been overturned in military courts under the "Lawrence" precedent in both "United States v. Meno" and "United States v. Bullock".
Zimbabwe.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has waged a violent campaign against homosexuals, claiming that before colonization Zimbabweans did not engage in homosexual acts. His first major public condemnation of homosexuality came during the Zimbabwe International Book Fair in August 1995. He told the audience that homosexuality:
"...Degrades human dignity. It's unnatural and there is no question ever of allowing these people to behave worse than dogs and pigs. If dogs and pigs do not do it, why must human beings? We have our own culture, and we must re-dedicate ourselves to our traditional values that make us human beings... What we are being persuaded to accept is sub-animal behaviour and we will never allow it here. If you see people parading themselves as lesbians and gays, arrest them and hand them over to the police!"
In September 1995, Zimbabwe's parliament introduced legislation banning homosexual acts. In 1997, a court found Canaan Banana, Mugabe's predecessor and the first President of Zimbabwe, guilty of 11 counts of sodomy and indecent assault. Banana's trial proved embarrassing for Mugabe, when Banana's accusers alleged that Mugabe knew about Banana's conduct and had done nothing to stop it. Regardless, Banana fled Zimbabwe only to return in 1999 and served one year in prison for his homosexual acts. Banana was also stripped of his priesthood.

</doc>
<doc id="20903345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903345" title="Sharafat Chod Di Maine">
Sharafat Chod Di Maine

Sharafat Chod Di Maine is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Jagdev Bhambri. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903348" title="Sita Swayamvar">
Sita Swayamvar

Sita Swayamvar (English title: Sita's Wedding) is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Bapu. The film stars are Ravi Kumar and Jayapradha. Sita Swayamvar is the prequel to the followup film Shri Ram Vanvas.

</doc>
<doc id="20903350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903350" title="H&amp;BR Class F3">
H&amp;BR Class F3

The H&BR Class F3 (LNER Class N13) was a class of 0-6-2T steam locomotives of the Hull and Barnsley Railway. They were designed by Matthew Stirling to work goods trains to and from the King George Dock at Hull which opened in 1914. They were not fitted with vacuum brakes so they were not suitable for passenger work.
Dimensions.
Sources disagree about some dimensions. LNER encyclopedia gives boiler pressure as 160 psi and tractive effort as . Ian Allan gives 175 psi and respectively. The locomotives were fitted with new boilers between 1926 and 1934 so it is possible that the boiler pressure was raised at this time.
British Railways.
All 10 locomotives survived into British Railways ownership in 1948 but one was scrapped immediately and did not receive a BR number. The remaining 9 were given BR numbers 69111-69119.
Withdrawal.
The N13s were withdrawn between 1952 and 1956. The last N13 to be withdrawn was number 69114 and it was the last H&BR locomotive to remain in service. None are preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20903354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903354" title="Udhar Ka Sindur">
Udhar Ka Sindur

Udhar Ka Sindur is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by . The film stars Jeetendra, Reena Roy, and Asha Parekh, who received a Filmfare nomination as Best Supporting Actress, the only nomination for the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20903361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903361" title="Zamane Se Poocho">
Zamane Se Poocho

Zamane Se Poocho is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Abrar Alvi.

</doc>
<doc id="20903363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903363" title="Zid">
Zid

Zid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20903365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903365" title="Antonín Procházka (volleyball)">
Antonín Procházka (volleyball)

Antonín Procházka (born April 3, 1942) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Brno.
In 1968 he was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played eight matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20903372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903372" title="ASA Issy">
ASA Issy

Association Sportive Ararat Issy is a French football club founded in 1975 based in Issy-les-Moulineaux. Managed by Franck Toutoundjian, A.S.A Issy (or A.S Ararat Issy) plays in the CFA 2 in 2009-10.
History.
In 1974, a group of friends decided to create a football club for Armenian community of Ile-de-France. It was essentially a way of sharing their passion for sport with the youth of the community at the same time as transmitting some of the rich cultural heritage of Armenia, one of the oldest civilisations in the world. 
The Association Sportive Arménienne (A.S.A) decided to play in Issy-les-Moulineaux after the request of Armand Zarpanelian, former player who built the stadium in 1981. The club had around 60 players and played in the first Division in the District.
At the start of the 1990s, A.S.A Issy had been promoted three years running, and played in the first Division of the District of the D.H (Division d’Honneur). The match to get promoted to the P.H (Promotion d’Honneur) is well remembered. 1200 people watched the 3-0 victory for A.S.A Issy against F.C Montrouge 92, an attendance record for this level of match. 
The team has not yet dropped back down to this level, but they have had difficult seasons in their history. It took a 2-0 victory against F.C Massy 91, to stay in the D.H (Division d’Honneur), with two extraordinary goals from Michel Milosevic, both player and general manager. 
To begin with, the club only used players of Armenian origin. A.S.A Issy became progressively more open, and tries to conserve and develop a community and familial spirit. Franck Toutoundjian, club president, is quoted as saying: "the community aspect has never been a fixation, but we are the only community club playing in the C.F.A 2". This is why, in 2003, the club changed its name from Association Sportive Arménienne, to Association Sportive d’Origine Arménienne, so that A.S.A Issy became A.S.O.A Issy. The club currently has around 400 members, with thirty coaches and fifteen technicians. The club also has twelve refererees and two controllers represented on the board of the District of Hauts-de-Seine (92).
At the end of the 2005/2006 season, the A.S.O.A Issy team finished in first place with the best attack, the best defence, and the two highest scorers in the league (Eric Akoun and Julien Potier). After 14 seasons in the D.H (Division d'Honneur), the team began the 2006/2007 season in C.F.A 2 and therefore represented the town of Issy-les-Moulineaux as well as the agglomoration of Arc de Seine (five towns with almost 165 000 inhabitants).
A.S.O.A Issy is, in sporting terms, the major football club for the town of Issy-les-Moulineaux since F.C Issy-les-Moulineaux has a smaller number of members. It is fact the biggest sports club in the town of Issy-les-Moulineaux.
At the start of the 2008/2009 season, the club changed its name for a second time, from Association Sportive d’Origine Arménienne, to Association Sportive Ararat, so that A.S.O.A Issy became A.S.A Issy (or A.S Ararat Issy). 
This is because, under the ownership of Franck Toutoundjian and Patrick Chêne, A.S.A Issy became associated with Groupe 365 (part of Groupe Sporever) under the control of sporting internet sites such as Football365.fr, to play an important role in the project of MyFootballClub.
Due to the role of strong personalities, the team continues to grow: Armand Zarpanelian, the club's founder, Sarkis Kasparian, former president, Michel Milosevic, Jean-Pierre Ortz, Vincent Yazmadjian, youth coach, Franck Toutoundjian, the current president, and many others. 
The club have also been supported by André Santini, Mayor of Issy-les-Moulineaux, who has supported the club since its foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20903375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903375" title="Aarop">
Aarop

Aarop is a 1973 Bollywood romance film directed by Atma Ram. The film stars Vinod Khanna, Saira Banu and Vinod Mehra . Bhupen Hazarika scored the music for lyrics penned by Maya Govind. The song 'Naino mein darpan hai, darpan mein koi..' by Kishore Kumar and Lata Mangeshkar is still quite popular.

</doc>
<doc id="20903377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903377" title="Anokhi Ada">
Anokhi Ada

Anokhi Ada is a 1973 Bollywood romance film directed by Kundan Kumar. The film stars Jeetendra, Rekha, Vinod Khanna.

</doc>
<doc id="20903381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903381" title="Barkha Bahar">
Barkha Bahar

Barkha Bahar is a 1973 Bollywood romance film directed by Amar Kumar. The film stars Rekha.

</doc>
<doc id="20903386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903386" title="Nafrat">
Nafrat

Nafrat is a 1973 Bollywood romance film directed by Shyam Ralhan . The film stars Rakesh Roshan and Yogeeta Bali.

</doc>
<doc id="20903387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903387" title="Richard Yngworth">
Richard Yngworth

Richard Ingworth or Richard Yngworth, prior of Langley, was appointed Bishop of Dover under the provisions of the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534 in 1537, a post he held until his death eight years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20903392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903392" title="Franz-Josef Tenhagen">
Franz-Josef Tenhagen

Franz-Josef 'Jupp' Tenhagen (born October 31, 1952 in Millingen) is a retired German football player and a football coach. He played 457 games and scored 26 goals in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="20903393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903393" title="Raid on Canso">
Raid on Canso

The Raid on Canso was an attack by French forces from Louisbourg on the British outpost of Canso, Nova Scotia shortly after war declarations opened King George's War. The French raid was intended to boost morale, secure Louisbourg's supply lines with the surrounding Acadian settlements, and deprive Britain of a base from which to attack Louisbourg. While the settlement was utterly destroyed, the objective failed, since the British launched an attack on Louisbourg in 1745, using Canso as a staging area.
Background.
The inhabitants of Louisbourg received word of France's declaration of war on Great Britain on May 3, 1744. The colony had been facing dwindling provisions, a situation which was aggravated when the news of war brought the threat of British action cutting off the supply lines of Louisbourg. Under these circumstances, the continuance of the colony's provisioning necessitated military action. Furthermore, orders from Maurepas, the French minister of the navy, instructed the governor of Île Royale to utilize the element of surprise and rapidly mobilize against the English. Within a week of the arrival of the news of war a military expedition to Canso was agreed upon, and on May 23 a flotilla left Louisbourg harbour. In this same month Captain David Donahue of the Resolution took prisoner the chief of the Mi'kmaq people of Ile Royale Jacques Pandanuques with his family to Boston and killed him. 
Battle.
The expedition, led by Captain François Dupont Duvivier, arrived during the night of May 24, finding Canso weakly defended and unprepared for war. At dawn the French commenced bombardment of the town's only fortification, a timber blockhouse. The British commandant, Captain Patrick Heron of the 40th Regiment of Foot, realizing that he was out-manned and out-gunned swiftly capitulated, while Lieutenant George Rydall fought on with an armed sloop before surrendering a short time later after his force sustained several casualties. The terms of surrender were promptly worked out, and by mid-morning Canso was in French hands. After loading substantial quantities of loot onto their fleet the French put the town to the torch and weighed anchor. The garrison was taken to Louisbourg to be held as prisoners of war, while passage was arranged to Boston for the women and children.
Aftermath.
The success of the raid on Canso caused great excitement and celebration in Louisbourg, bolstering the morale of the French citizenry and their native allies, while depriving Britain of a strategic base in eastern Nova Scotia. However the task of maintaining more than one hundred prisoners taxed the colony's already strained food supply. 
In May a flotilla containing 900 French regulars and militia. The four poorly-supplied companies of Phillips' Regiment were forced to surrender. The town was destroyed and the prisoners sent to Louisbourg. Once the regiment's officers and men were paroled in September 1744, the regiment was evacuated to Boston where they (particularly John Bradstreet) provided valuable information on the defences of Louisbourg for the British siege the following year. Governor Shirley was having difficulty raising troops requested by Mascarene and therefore he ordered the ex-Canso garrison to Annapolis Royal.
The raid was followed by a siege of Annapolis Royal. The attacks alarmed the British colonists in the Province of Massachusetts Bay, many of whom believed the raid was a prelude to further attacks on Massachusetts. On October 20, 1744, Massachusetts officially declared war on the Mi'kmaq. In 1745 the province mounted a successful siege of Louisbourg.
References.
Endnotes
Texts

</doc>
<doc id="20903395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903395" title="Bill Karlon">
Bill Karlon

William John (Bill) Karlon (January 21, 1909 – December 7, 1964) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Nicknamed "Hank", Karlon played for the New York Yankees in . In 2 career games, he had no hits in 5 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Karlon was born in Palmer, Massachusetts, and died in Ware, Massachusetts. Also known as "The Palmer Kid" and Hank Karlon. Married to Angelina (Mega) Karlon.

</doc>
<doc id="20903398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903398" title="Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar">
Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar

Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rajendra Bhatia. Its stars 
Kiran Kumar and Radha Saluja. 

</doc>
<doc id="20903399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20903399" title="Rock Steady Crew">
Rock Steady Crew

Rock Steady Crew is an American b-boying crew and hip hop group which has became a franchise name for multiple groups in other locations. 
History and description.
The group was initially formed in the Bronx, New York City in 1977 by b-boys Jimmy D and JoJo. The Manhattan branch was created by Crazy Legs and B-Boy Fresh. "The New York Times" called the Rock Steady Crew "the foremost breakdancing group in the world today."
A related group exists in Japan. Rock Steady Crew Japan is led by a dancer named Crazy-A, who was one of the original Japanese breakers. His group of dancers was originally known as the Tokyo B-Boys. Now, Crazy-A leaves the younger members of Rock Steady Crew Japan to do the dancing. Many of the new members of Rock Steady Crew Japan come from Soka Daigaku, a University which has a breakdancing team called D-Crew.

</doc>
